{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-08 03:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485996","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73729","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7447,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/996/mufon-5485996.json","updb_database_id":5485996}
{nd} Stationary object with pulsating lights in the horizon not moving for at least 19 minutes

I am one of those persons who require only 3-4 hours of sleep at night, and usually am up very late at night or very early in the morning ehich is a couple of hours before sunrise.

I am always thirsty and go to the kitchen probably about once an hour for water or to freshen up my tea, and aside for one light in the living room (which is the furthest away spot drom the kitchen sink), only when I read, I have no other lights than the porch light which is on fromdusk until dawn.

My deck where the main entrance is, is on the West side of the house (facing West), and the main door is about in the middle of the Western wall of the house. On the left side of the door, I have a 6 ft long, 5 ft heigh window (mostly covered by blinds in Winter) which is in the living room. I have another window on the right side of the main door which is also the same size as the living room window (6 ft x 5 ft); that one is the West facing kitchen window where I have a breakfast nook and that's where I usually sit most of the time until late at night when I go to the living to raise my feet and legs.

I have another window behind the sink which is about 4 feet in height and close to 6 feet in width, and that is on the South wall of the house. The windows in the kitchen allow me a view close to 180 degrees, and since the breakfast nook seat which I use is about 3 feet from the window and at its center, that spot gives me about a 130-140 degree angle view of the outside (and the deck/porch light is right above the main entrance door outside, illuminating much of the deck and weakening before reaching the Southern end of the front, Western wall). I have about 2 acres of lawn area which is mostly West, Southwest and South, and is rectangular in shape, covered by a treeline in each direction, and the rest of the land which is close to 50 acres is heavily wooded. 

Last night I was reading in the living room, and around 03:30 am, I went to the kitchen to make some tea. As soon as I got to the sink, I turned the water on to fill the percolator, and while waiting, I looked straight out to see if there were any wild animals and whether there were any stars as there were no clouds that night.

I noticed a light on the SW side, barely above the treeline (it wasn't right above the treeline and seemed probably at least 4-5 miles away, the treeline only helping as a reference in determining the angle of the light source). First I thought it was one of the few stars that are large enough to clearly see with the naked eye and that appear to blink. However when my eyes focused better on it, I realized it was probably a good 10, maybe 15 times the size of the largest star. I checked the time on the oven to the left of the sink, and it was 03:32 am. I put the percolator aside and went straight to the breakfast nook to get my binoculars (I keep them there to better see birds that are attracted by the multiple feeders I have. I did not have any lights on in the kitchen btw as the downstairs of the house has an open floor plan with no walls, and even though the entrance to the kitchen has a closet on one side and the stairs/basement door on the other, it still has about a 7 foot wide opening which still allows the reading light I had on to produce enough light for me to see where I am walking without turning on the kitchen lights (and there is the porch light that also gives enough light through the Western window).

When I found the binoculars and was back at the sink, it was 3:36 am and the light was still at the same exact spot as where I had first seen it.

There seemed to be 4 lights which kept pulsating but then, they would blink up one or two at a time, and the colors would be different, and those changed from regular light white to yellow, red, green and blue, systematically coming on one oe two at a time clockwise starting with the top right (when 2 at a time, the rop and bottom right first and then rhe left 2), and none of them would go out until the 4th light came on, and then they would all go out (only out for a fraction of a second and maybe faster than 1/10 of a second).

I'm still trying to move in to my house which I purchased the last day of February last year, and still have no clue as to where my cameras are; my phone takes really good pictures so I actually never tried to specifically look for my other cameras.

By the time I got to the living room and back, the oven clock indicated it was 03:43 am.

However it turned out that the phone camera is really not good with small sources of light at night time as it would most times just catch the exact time frame when the lights were out, so it would show only a black sky. Yet, I still managed to get a few shots even though the camera had a very hard time focusing on a tiny spot in the horizon.

I also tried filming, and even though that seemed to have worked better than taking shots, I had weird grainy noise that kind of interfered with a smooth picture. It was instant noise as I hit the record button, and not something that showed only when I played back the recording.  Basically I had little white dots coming on and off constantly all over the screen as if I were getting electromagnetic interference (the light source was quite far away, and I can't see how that would be responsible for the noise).

I ran back to the living room and grabbed my tablet to see if that would record it any better but by the time I got back, the light was gone. The oven clock showed 03:51 am.

I stayed there until 4:05am and then continued reading my book in the kitchen. I checked probably 5-6 times an hour until the sun rose but didn't see the light again.

I also have no cell phone reception where I live and no phone companies that can install a landline. Even satellite Internet isn't available but I have a very weak wireless ADSL connection for the internet and have access to my email at all times even though I can only use a cell phone only when I am in Bangor.
