{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-08 14:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489996","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3508,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/996/mufon-5489996.json","updb_database_id":5489996}
{rjl} multiple events. First started with lights shining through Windows and then an invisible entity following me aiming an invisible beam or laser with heat and pressure at my body and head.

I first noticed the object at my previous home.The entity or entities aimed beams,rays, and lasers. The entities aimed something at my entire home that caused burning sensations in my body as well as my children's bodies. I noticed laser lights shining through Windows. Telepathy was used along with the lights. Invisible rays of energy and pressure was being applied to my body and head. I thought it was coming through the Windows so I moved away from them. No matter where I went inside my house to get away, the rays followed. They even followed me into the basement. So the entity came into the house through walls,closed doors and windows. The substance being aimed at me was rapidly dehydrating my body. The entity led me out of my house by using telepathy and making me afraid to be in my home. I went to a hotel with my children but it followed me there. This time it beamed massive amounts of energy into my body and aimed lasers at my head non-stop causing severe pain to the point I almost went unconscious. The energy being aimed at me affect ed the microwave causing it to spark. It also affected the lights causing them to flicker. The entity beamed something into my heart.Afterward I experienced pain and burning inside my heart. Something was also implanted inside my back without any surgical procedure. This object causes burning sensations and tremors around my back and heart area. This entity seemed to absorb or extract something from my body that caused me to have immediate and intense cramping all over my body. I was taken to a hospital and a mysterious fluid was injected into me that caused my heart to burn intensely and my heart rate decreased. My 7 year old son told me he felt as if a ghost was watching him. I felt the same. As if being watched inside my home. The entity appeared to be peering from behind my head or had directly got inside my head. However, it seemed to be attaching itself to my head.
Where ever I go it follows as if it has a tracking device on me. No one can see it but I could feel and sense it's presence. It circulated in and around my body as if it was making a copy of me or downloading something from every part of my body. I could feel it go inside my body. This was not painful.
I have moved to a different address and the entity has followed me. Since the injected medicine I have been experiencing pain and sickness.A substance such as electromagnetic radiation,electricity,microwave currents or some other substance is almost always being aimed at me, even while I sleep. I can feel my brain being altered and my body seems to be being damaged. 
I have witnessed the entity take possession of certain people around me causing them to act in strange ways.
