{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-03 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493996","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65503","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2789,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/996/mufon-5493996.json","updb_database_id":5493996}
{cak} I believe it was just Venus, but it was acting very weird.

me and two of my friends were out testing my new truck in the hills in [location removed], after crawling around for about 50 minutes it got dark so we started to head back. Venus was already visible in the sky for about an hour, but my friend kept trying to get me to stop and look at something but I just wanted to get home after a few turns I seen Venus and it was twice as bright at least as it should be, and it was kind of blinking like a star. So I gave in and I drove about 1 more minute and pulled up so we could get out and get a good look. 

Just as I said it was Venus, but that could not explain why it would get bright and then blink. They said it, at times would turn into cigar or blimp shape, in the middle of both I don't think it did. But what I seen was when it would get brighter, a brighter white, a lil red light would come out the side for a second and white light would dim. well lol it looked like it came out of it and started circling really fast. They said it changed shapes but what it look like was when it was circling the light just well I think you could just see the light going around and it made it look like a saucer or Cigar. But I also cannot explain why when the little red light stopped Venus would get brighter. And I also cannot explain how it would completely disappear. it would get bright white, change orangeish to reddish and then get smaller and then just disappear! That happened about 3 times. It was cloudy and the moon was behind us, but... None of the other stars or the planet next to it did Anything strange, and we could see the clouds with the moon. And lol I almost think for a moment after the little red light stopped circling, well it looked exactly like a classic flying disc with the little bell right on top in the middle. Lol I wouldn't even believe my own friends if they say they see something, and I'm probably not credible at all, and if I was I was ever asked I would say just as I did then. It was Venus, acting very strange. I just wanted to report this strange event just in case it wasn't Venus and someone else seen it. Thanks for your time.
