{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-01-10 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510996","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47388","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/996/mufon-5510996.json","updb_database_id":5510996}
(GS) 2 passes made. First saw group of 5 shooting red beams that disintegrated. Then this huge one. Hatch opened and bright strobe light occurred

It was January 2002. it was a cold, crisp clear night.I was in grad school at UIUC. I had just returned from rehearsal and was walking my dogs. My friend who lived in my complex had just adopted a dog at the shelter and was out walking. We decided to let the dogs meet eachother and walked together. We got to the south side of my building and we chatted and let the dogs interact. we saw 5 objects traveling from southwest to northeast in a group in various patterns. They moved smoothly and silently. At first, I thought they were planes, but then they started firing what looked like red laser beams. The beams fired straight out in front of them, straight down from them and diagonally downward from the front of them. The beams seemed to disintegrate after a bit. On the second pass, the last and fifth object was very low. The size was about the size of a stadium! It was immense! It passed silently with a hint of a hum (barely audible) directly over us from southwest to northeast. It was a large rectangle with tapered corners at the front (see my sketches). The bottom was grey steel material. It had intricate grooves, nooks and crannies. it looked extremely sophisticated, beyond anything I had ever seen. The middle of the bottom had a round hatch door surrounded by multicolor lights that reminded me of the ones on the gravitron amusement park ride. As it passed over us, the hatch opened. It had an extremely bright white light that was solid. Suddenly, the white light became a strobe, blinking rapidly, as if taking photographs. I asked my friend if she was seeing what I was seeing and she said yes. People were on their balconies reacting to it saying " what the f#+* is that??!!!???!!?" They circled to the left and it passed us again. I ran in to get my camera, but the objects did not return. We waited quite a while, but eventually gave up.
I felt terribly frightened, yet in awe. I could not believe what I saw. I thought for sure there would be news coverage since at least 10 people in my complex alone saw this. The next day, I scoured the papers and local news channels. No coverage, no mention. I called the Champaign airport control tower and they said they saw nothing. I called Rantoul Air Force base, which was now a museum and airstrip for small private planes and they said nothing. I called my friend who was a commercial pilot and had served as a pilot in the marine corps. I asked him if this could have been a military craft, or some type of military or government experiment. He told me that we do not have the technology for what I described, and that it would not have been silent. I asked if it could have been a blimp and he said no because even blimps make more noise than what I described. They also don't have all of the lights and do not have the features I described. He also said the military and government would not be conducting tests over a residential area, especially if they meant to keep it secret. 
I felt like whoever that was took pictures of us. I was scared.
For years, I never told anyone else what I saw for fear of being labelled as crazy. Im a devout Christian, and I believe that God will protect me from whatever that was. I told my husband who is an engineer what I saw and he believes me. He encouraged me to file this report in hope that one of the other people who witnessed this event would also come forward. 
I know in my gut this was not a man made thing. I find it incredibly fascinating, yet terrifying at the same time. We are not alone. I believe the government keeps things like this under wraps to ward off panic. I feel privileged to have witnessed this, yet frightened by it.
