{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465996","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94742","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/996/mufon-5465996.json","updb_database_id":5465996}
Egg shape, with red line around it and flashing outer green. Moved straight across sky behind tree then suddenly changed direction at a right angle.

Me and my wife were on holiday in Oasis Village in Corralejo in Feuteventura. We just finished eating dinner in the restaurant about 22:00 and went back to our room and each lay on separate deck chairs on its outside patio looking up at the dark night sky and stars. 
I joked to my wife I wonder if we can see any utos, then out of nowhere in line with the top of the palm tree to the right of us an egg shape with red line around it with a second flashing green line around it, cruised through the sky to the right in a straight line and I lost sight of it through the palm tree, I then got up and ran behind the palm tree to see it, but I don1t remember seeming it anymore. But my wife said it suddently turned left at a sharp angle and out of sight. I did not have time to get my iphone as it was inside our room somewhere. My first feelings were, what the hell is that? After the object was gone we were saying to each other what was that, it did not look like anything we had seen before. We both saw it very clearly. When an aeroplance or helicopter goes over I recognise the flashing pilot light and hear the sound of the engine, but it looked nothing like that and there was no sound. What is a ballon? It couldn1t have been as was moving in a fast horizontal line. We thought maybe the object was a drone, but it seemed it was too high up and perhaps out at sea. Or perhaps a remote control plane but there was no sound. We had never seen lights like this before.
