{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-10 06:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488316","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/316/mufon-5488316.json","updb_database_id":5488316}
[ci] Event1of5: I noticed bright light in the sky out of bedroom window

I noticed a bright light in the sky out of my bedroom window. 6:35 am. It's still dark outside and I can see stars but this one thing about 60 degrees up in the sky was super bright.i was outside now. I have a star app and brought it up and it showed nothing where this large star like thing was. I have an iPhone so I thought I'd take a video. In the video it just looks like a star not moving and that's why it's not included but if u want it I got it. Anyway while I'm filming this thing I look up through a big hole in our trees and I see what looks kinda like a red star shoot out two objects with orange and blue lights. I couldn't tell if they were orbs or solid craft. I tried to video them but the film is just dark. They traveled away from the red star like a plane would but one was right behind the other. Now if this isn't weird enough, I do an ancient practice called sun gazing. I go to a properly next door and down by the lake to watch the sun. It's 7:47 and I'm waiting for the sun to come up. I start seeing these lil flashes of light in the sky. Kinda like when you're seeing spots or about to pass out but I was outside wide awake and felt fine. So I started to think.... Are these far away? Am I creating them? Then I just focused my eyes and suddenly there were 50-100 fly sized luminous orbs floating around my body. Some stayed floating around me for 10 min or so but others were like blinking in and out of reality. I had no idea what to think of this. They just looked like little intelligent balls of light. I tried to grab one but my hand went right threw it and it kept floating there. Then after 10 min or so they just all disappeared. I don't know if all these events are related but it was one of the strangest mornings of my life. Also 6 months ago I saw an orange ball of light 150 feet away from me across the road at the tops of the trees. This thing was super bright about the size of a basketball and u could see it had structure and energy or something swirling inside of it. About a block from where today's events happened.
