{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-29 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456316","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105280","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2971,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/316/mufon-5456316.json","updb_database_id":5456316}
{tjd} I picked my wife up from work as a respiratory therapist at our towns only count hospital and we weren’t But a few minutes out when we both noticed it

We then pulled into a bank parking lot on the corner of Laurent street and Redriver in order to gain our bearings and get our wits about us as well steady the phone while recording. I caught eye of the moon which was above and to the northeast of the object. While recording i zoomed in and the object immediately took shape to what was identical to the foreground shots of multiple UFOs behind the trail of the international space station. My wife first started taking still shots and in the first two pics showed a bright red object directly behind the object. I’ve lived in this town for 45 years and with the background as a certified Autodesk Inventor user at the engineering dept. of Arclight Defense Systems and Sparkman Industries Inc., Machinist, Fabricator(welder) technician in the military, oilfield, Petrochemical, Weapons manufacturing and refurbishment of AAPCs, tracked Eastern European and former Soviet era Battle Tanks and 120-150mm Howitzers. We have a license to import, refurbish and export category 7 of the U.S. Munitions list which are labeled Implements of War. I know what most fixed wing and Helo aircraft look like and my business is located at an WW1&2 Army Aircore heavy Bomber and B-52 Super Fortress bomber friendly Airstrip. One of the longest in the nation so I see military takeoffs and landings on a daily and nightly basis. I know every Cold War Antennae installation safety beacon, every water and cell phone tower safety aircraft beacons, every drilling or mobile well service rigs mast and Derrick low flying safety beacons. One more Pro qualification is that we both have chopper experience, her being a former life flight helicopter medic and myself having both fixed wing and helo aircraft technician and non- commercial pilot enthusiast so we both know what a hovering helicopter in the Moonlit distance looks like. It was something we could not identify and any safety beacon confusion is slim to none. We followed it till we lost it in the tree line, that’s why our footage is less than professional. Thank you for your time ladies and Gentlemen.
