{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-04 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469316","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91220","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/316/mufon-5469316.json","updb_database_id":5469316}
{jpg} Fighter jet high above Lake Havasu City possibly accompanied by something else.

The following event occurred on Wednesday, April 4, 2018 at approximately 3:00 pm Arizona time.

For around a half an hour I heard a fighter jet flying around the Lake Havasu City area. After around 20 minutes I was able to spot it directly overhead at an altitude much higher than 30k feet. It was barely visible and I only spotted it for a few seconds, but it was definitely identifiable as a fighter jet. It appeared to be flying in a tight circle. I can1t remember if it had a contrail or not. I lost track of it after just a few seconds, then heard it flying out of the area. After about a minute I heard it come back and again spotted it again flying in a circle and in just about the same spot. I lost track of it again after just a couple of seconds, and shortly afterward it left the area for good.

Having already seen two unusual incidents in this area in the past couple of months, I bought a Canon Vixia HF R800 camcorder with 32x optical zoom, which arrived just over a week ago. It1s impossible to track objects on the display when they1re high in the sky in broad daylight, so I just kind of pan the camcorder around the sky in the general area of what I see and hope for the best. The focus was set to infinite and the zoom was set to 32x optical (no digital). Hopefully I can improvise some sort of crosshair on it before long.

After the second sighting, I went inside and downloaded about 10 minutes of video to the pc and was able to catch something. This first video is of a white object. I don1t know what it is. The perceived direction of flight is probably not the true direction or true speed because I was panning around slowly. A few seconds into the video you see a commercial jet that was flying either to or away from LA. I can1t remember which. The clip between the white object and the jet is unedited. It will give you a real good indication of their relative sizes. For most of the day, I thought maybe the small white object was the afterburner of the fighter jet. Later on, I realized that if it was afterburner, then the jet maybe should have been bigger in the film. Either way, I don1t know. I1m not an expert. One thing I do remember, though, both times when I saw the jet I don1t recall seeing any afterburner flame. I also know that when I twice observed the fighter jet it did not look anything like the white object in the video. It just looked like a fighter jet flying way up high in the sky. Also attached is a screen print of the white object and the commercial jet side by side so you can compare relative observed sizes.
List of attachments:
ufo1 - short, real-time unedited video of the white object and a commercial airliner.
ufo1-slomo - edited clip showing white object in real-time then slow motion with orientation changed to fill the video better.
jet-sizes - picture of jet and white object side-by-side for size comparison.
