{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-14 17:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483316","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76599","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/316/mufon-5483316.json","updb_database_id":5483316}
{jpg} I was taking pictures of clouds, they have been really strange lately. Two UFO were in this picture. One is on the edge of the cloud covered ship, the other one is right there in broad daylight.

I am going to address more than one event here. The picture with the two UFO is a one time event. This happened over the cow pasture nextdoor to me. I was taking pictures of the clouds and did not notice them until later when I uploaded from ds card to my computer. I enlarged and adjusted contrast a little. The forked tailed one is quite clear the other is fuzzy due to the cloud cover and looks like it may be a drone of sorts. There has been a steady sound of a static/frenquecy noises, day and night. Sounds of something running, engines or something. Ground vibrates or rocks. I get sensations of falling or of being turned or being lifted. The house and ground are vibrating as I type this. I will address the clouds here before I get to the rest of the show that has been going on. The shapes range from chevrons, triangle, long cylinders with a shark like head on one end. Then there are the creature shapes, dragons.demonic looking entities some have or a kind of weird deformity. They go into one another and also exit. I have seen them meet in a large group like they are discussing something and leave in different directions. I can hear them speaking sometimes but they sound far off and metallic. They have acknowledged me on occasion and I them. I always have my camera and binoculars with me so I started looking a little closer. I believe they are coming to the ground by way of the trees. Some are using what seems to be giant nets up at the tree tops. They walk down right out of tree tops. Hammock like areas in the pine trees and dense green leaves like a blind in the others. all seem to be more active at night. At night the terrain will change buildings appear and walkways open up in the trees. Sometimes a giant entity will turn a tree, tip it over at its roots and little people come out. they can be under piles of debris too. Singing is someting that I hear almost night, always a song I have orcistxever heard before. There are some that look like they are made of vegation, branches and dirt. Then there are the robotic, insect, the little browm people,ETC. I wish I could draw. I did get some night pictures, sometimes you can not see them but the camera can. I feel the energy they are giving off, it is not a good feeling. Recently I somehow end up with thorn, look like little arrow headsin my skin, scratches and bite marks. The barn roof is going to fall in, they are jumping on it, another one has a machete and he can be heard chopping branches with it. Most of the trees here are getting brown and or big holes in the foliage. I feel this stuff is all connected I have photos and witness. Tell me , should I be calling a priest too? Most of these pics were taken by me on my Nikon coolpix, nothing fancy. I really would like it if you could send someone in person to see first hand,this is no joke and I am getting a bit worried. Thank You [name removed/CMS/jpg] and my dog Sage (she sees them too)
