{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-24 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508316","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2364,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/316/mufon-5508316.json","updb_database_id":5508316}
Glowing object in sky

Well myself and about 6 friends were sittin around a fire and havin a few drinks on a beautiful summer night and we noticed a glow in the distance that was red/orange. We all observed it and it was moving down towards the earth then disaperred. I mentioned to my friend he shoulda had his camera or binoculars that he has in his vehicle. ( Last year at this same moment he was driving on the highway jus above the valley at about 945pm n it was really foggy. He turned his head and noticed something massive a blink shaped object with pulsating grid of red lights. He said it was very big like 3-4 houses long and was hovering near the ground and was about 100-200 meters from him. He turned his head to watch the road then looked back n it was gone. it was a very weird fog that night n almost perfect night for somethin like that to stealth. he noticeda part of the object was blacked out. See he told me all this after he approached me at my hoise 10min after he seen this he is a big guy and its hard to scare him n he was terrified looked like he was gonna have a heart attack. We drove back up there together to see if we can find anything but all there was was fog. Unfortunetly he didn't have cell phone or camera with him that night. .... but lets get back to the other night this year ok so after it vanished i went n got binoculars n hey in about 15-20 min after the firstsightin it showed up again!! this time headin up towards the sky slowly hovering n pulsing red n orange ...i used the binoculars n it was far but man was the object big length wise!!! it was not a star not a satelite not a plane not a helicopter ,, it was some kind of aircraft n i believe it was ufo. There has been lots of stories around this area and its a hot spot.
