{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-27 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486316","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73397","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3235,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/316/mufon-5486316.json","updb_database_id":5486316}
A weird blinking white, red and green lights never seen before in my life.

These 2 videos were taken at my Mom's house while we were chatting in the backyard, during our Christmas dinner. The first one was around 01:10AM on December 25th, 2015. By the way, my Mom lives in Itaipua1u - which is a small distric of the city of Marica, located in the State of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

It is important to mention that we first saw this phenomenon on December 25th, 2015. Then, again on Decebember 27th, 2015. However, the first sightseeing (DEC 25th) was only a white blinking light. Video is attached.
That's what really caught our attention - looking at this white blinking light in the sky. It kind of looks like the Morse Code - I am not sure though.

Two days after the first contact with this phenomenon, and out of the blue and around the same time (12:40AM), this red and green light started to fall from the white light. 

At first (first video and continuing on the second video), we thought it was a ballon, but since the phenomenon was strange to our previous knowledge of flying objects (like airplanes, helicopters, drones, etc) we started to wonder why this bright white light was blinking like that. Besides, you will be able to see on the second video how other lights are "ejected" from the white one.

I need to mention that I am into spirituality and truly believe in other forms of life outside of our planet. With that said, my reaction was based on joy and surprise - since I had never seen anything like this in my whole life. My family members were actually joking about the phenomenon, but some (who were skeptical at first) started to wonder what was that unidentified flying object. 

The video made on December 25th had the object descending before we lost sight. The video on December 27th had the object disappearing in the sky (as seen on the video). 

Last but not least, this strange object appeared on the sky practically in the same location - it was located in the same place at 333 degrees (NW).

There are a lot of videos on YouTube showing UFO's around here (in Itaipua1u, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil). It's important to say that this is an area of low density population, surrounded by forests, mountains and the ocean.

Any other question, please don't hesitate to contact me. 

Please, reply with some feedback.

Thank you!

[Name and phone number removed/cms/tg]
