{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-05 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479232","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2805,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/232/mufon-5479232.json","updb_database_id":5479232}
{nd} I live across from Lake Erie. I was in my kitchen, saw a huge object, slowly, moving across the sky. At first I thought it may be plane as we are so close to the airport but this object was moving extremely slow. It was HUGE! triangular in form

I was in my kitchen, getting a cup of coffee. Looked out to see what at first I thought was a very very large plane moving extremely slow across the southwest sky. It had blinking lights, yellow, golden in color, looked to be the shape of a triangle. The lights were 3-4 spaced on either side.  I ran to get my binoculars as my son was a pilot.  I am very familiar with planes. At first I thought it might have been a larger plane.
This object was moving so slow, a normal plane could not stay up in the sky given the speed of this object. No sounds.
By the time I got my binoculars, it was moving past trees, headed towards Avon Lake. 
I saw another report made earlier from someone that also saw a light over the Lake the same day. I am not sure what time this person saw the object they reported but my sighting was between 8-8:30 PM.
Yesterday, December 7th, I was looking out my kitchen window and noticed how pretty the clouds were. I grabbed my camera and took a few pictures to show my husband. 
Attached is one of the regular pictures I took with nothing in it but the clouds. I took several more and then noticed an "object" appeared on one of the frames. I did not see this object when I was snapping the photos but it is there. Looks like a round classic UFO...I tried to blow it up to see it better but the camera I had in my hands was a small Cool Pix. 
I have seen numerous sightings here. I also have another video of one we saw a few years ago.
When you view the picture, look at the top left hand corner. You may have to blow it up to view but the picture prior to that, you just see the clouds, nothing else. I didn't want to upload all the other pictures to make a point. I have them on file though. You can see the object in DSCN 3078.
