{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-19 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516232","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41897","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3083,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/232/mufon-5516232.json","updb_database_id":5516232}
{dr}V-SHAPED FORMATION MULTIPLE OBJECTS

8/19/12 - Went out to my patio to relax and think about a song arrangement I was working on. Lied down on my spa edge looking up into sky directly above my house. I have a fairly broad view of the sky from this specific vantage point (watched meteor shower last week from here)...

Our home is on an approach for planes landing at Love Field, so planes are often in the sky at various elevations. This was NO plane event.

Directly in my line of sight, I saw what at first appeared to me to be a triangle-shaped object silently moving across the sky. After about five seconds I realized that it was multiple (separate) objects moving together in a triangular or V-shaped formation (think boomerang). They were moving at a fast, consistent speed, completely silent. 

The V-shape formation was broken however, meaning that one of the points of the V was missing a lighted object. Then I saw 2 additional lights further back and off to the side a bit that were also moving consistent with the V-formation group of objects. 

Again, the whole group was absolutely silent. Based on my viewpoint and calculations, the objects were significantly high in the atmosphere. All of the objects emanated a blue color (about the size of medium-lit stars).

At about the 10-second mark of watching, one of the 2 objects (that were out of the formation) literally dashed into the formation (completing the V-shape), darted about, then dashed back to join the other single object. What was really, really freaky is that this object dashed abruptly at an extremely fast speed, darted erratically, then back to its original position. 

I estimate the whole group of objects were moving around 4-5 times the speed of any plane. We have a lot of planes so elevations and speeds of planes are routinely easy to gauge. 

I watched the whole group for about 20-seconds before they moved beyond our tree line. 

This was the most amazing thing I have ever seen. Ever. It was nothing short of unbelievable. In checking this morning in the news, no reports have surfaced. I cannot possibly be the only person who witnessed this in a city of millions.

Even if military, the speed and movement of one of the objects was WELL BEYOND anything we know of in the public realm. NORAD, the control towers for two major airports in the area HAD to have tracked these objects!
