{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-12 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463232","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97721","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/232/mufon-5463232.json","updb_database_id":5463232}
{cak} I was looking out my picture window before sunrise. Looking East toward Lizzard Bute, I saw a comet shaped light which seemed to be suspended then I saw it was moving very slowly downward toward the horizon. I used my binaculars and spoting scope

I was looking out toward the east from my picture window before the sun had risen.From my home I have an unobstructed view of the eastern horizon. Lizard Butte is at the southern end of my easterly view. As I was looking out the window, I noticed an unfamiliar form above the eastern horizon. At first it didn't seem to be moving. It looked like a ball of rather soft light with a tapering tail of the same shape - like a picture of a comet moving. To get a better view, I picked up my binaculars. It was not particularly clearer so I put my spoting scope (which I keep at the window)on the object. It still was not a familiar sight. The time was a little after 8:00 AM. The sun rise time was 8:17, so I knew that it wasn't that time yet. As I continued to watch, I could tell that it was not stationary but rather it was moving slowly behind the ridge at the northern end of Lizard Butte, which is my eastern horizon. It gradually continued its slow decent behind the ridge/horizon until it was out of sight. While it was visible, I estimated its width to be about three or four times the width of a single jet stream and its lenght ( which is difficult to judge) to be one hundered yards - its hard to say because it was moving away from me at an angle. After watching it for the first minute and not recognizing what it was, I felt like it was an UFO, possibly a ship/aircraft. It was so unusual and so very apparent that I felt other peaple must have seen it as well. I'm anxious to see if other people reported what they saw from their viewing location and to hear of their opion. It did not freak me out at all.It wasn't a threating sight. I'm sure we will soon be seeing such things regularly. In my opion, they are here to help us.
