{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-09 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289232","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114128","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/232/mufon-5289232.json","updb_database_id":5289232}
Multiple orbs hovering and moving at impossible speeds at varying heights. Orbs appear directly overhead after being circled with a laser pointer.

BACKGROUND: Since I first saw a large red orb in August of 2020 (MUFON report 110659) I have documented on video hundreds of orbs of varying sizes, colors and distances appearing over Central New York. These orbs are an every night event, if the sky is clear these strange orbs are visible. I have purchased two nightvision cameras in order to document and attempt to explain what I am seeing but the events I capture are getting stranger over time.

On Tuesday March 9th, 2021 I went outside during my usual nightly filming session at 645 and set up one camera in a fixed location on a tripod and another on a monopod that I could use to control. I was on an elevated pool deck where I saw the typical orbs I see on a nightly basis and recorded those. Throughout the night I observed multiple orbs moving through the airspace at speeds that I've never seen some were captured some were not. Around 750PM I saw a rather bright orb through my second camera and was tracking the object as it flew over my neighborhood. I used a green laser pointer to circle the object and upon doing this it seemed as though I provoked a response. The object began to move much more rapidly and also dimmed as it was very bright before. I eventually lost the object over the southern sky. I looked up and there were 2 very bright orbs directly over me. One orb seemed to circle and another orb slowly moved passed me until moving over the nearby treeline where I lost sight. I noticed a lot of movement in the sky above me but was unable to see anything else with my eyes. Unfortunately the video recording from the camera I was using is somehow corrupted despite all other files being intact. My other camera managed to record audio and video from the incident but was pointing slightly off from where I was. Upon playback of the videos recorded from my secondary camera, I realized how many objects had been above me that night.

I have 100s of videos of these strange orbs flying over a densely populated city. I use star charts, air traffic radar, satellite tracking etc to debunk and I still cannot figure out what I am witnessing. I have uploaded a few videos to youtube in hopes of finding answers but I am not sure where to go now.
