{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-29 09:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503232","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4403,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/232/mufon-5503232.json","updb_database_id":5503232}
{rjl} took photo (later discovered on photo) of object either diving into or flying up out of lake in Michigan on August 29, 2013

I was vacationing with a friend last year on the east and west side of Michigan around Lake Lelanau and Suttons Bay...took lots of photos with a hand-held, pocket-style, Panasonic HD "point-and-shoot" collapsible lens...and proceeded to "color enhance" my photos using Photoshop.

As I was also adjusting the "brightness level"...I noticed something bizarre off in the distance of the lake...and cannot explain just what appears to be either "coming out of"...or "plunging into" the water.

I am stymied...due to the fact that I didn't see anything with the naked eye when I shot this...as well as the fact that there is something rather "rectangular" just out in front of the object...yet hollow in nature.

Given MUFON1S experience at deducing "truly unidentifiable, ergo, a UFO/USO" versus "this can be explained" phenomena ... can anyone shed some light as to what this might be?

I took numerous other photos with some birds flying...and quite frankly, given the great distance that this one photo in which the object appears to be from shore...plus the fact that it is NOT a "plunging pelican", a 1crane11.nor clearly is it any bird ... I am at a loss to explain.

There were no local light-weight planes around, no one sky-diving into the waters, no large sailboats cruising1 only occasional motor boats, and, in short, nothing out of the ordinary that one could either reasonably "hear" ...or "see" with the naked eye. 

The only phenomena the proceeding day were very, very thick clouds and fog that didn't lift until late in the day.. and it was a very humid day. 

August 29, 2013 (the day this photo was taken) was mostly 1unremarkable1 from a weather stand-point 1and/or incident standpoint. I saw nothing with the naked eye during the week I was driving with a friend in Michigan when visiting. 

Nobody saw anything out of the ordinary; I only discovered the 1object1 in the picture... in December1when I zoomed in with my computer1 to 1color correct1 and/or 1lighten/darken1 my photos before burning them on a CD 1and only one photo (of hundreds) had any unusual object that is not identifiable.  

I have NO rational explanation that would preclude a USO.  I am a former tool designer as well as an artist...and my forte is "details"...to a tolerance of "plus or minus" .005 inches!

I would appreciate finding out if anyone in Michigan has seen anything like this1either with their eyes as it happened1OR1on a photo viewed after-the-fact (similar to my photo and to the phenomenon in Britain where the little gal on the hill had some 1alien figure1 behind her on one of three exposures 1but not the other two when the 1film1 was developed). 

I have included the "original" digital snapshot...as well as two more "color enhanced JPEG's with arrows" that WERE PhotoShop'd...noting the very darkest one STILL doesn't give me a clue...but does give you a clue that the photo has not been "shopped".

Thank you for your consideration.
