{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-17 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514232","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43997","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3426,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/232/mufon-5514232.json","updb_database_id":5514232}
{cak} Multi-Colored Flashing Light Hovering Over Denver

About a week before the elections Id been seeing something that I thought was a star until I noticed it flash a red light, and seemingly drop another red ball of energy out of the sky. I first noticed it because I wondered if a star in the sky had suddenly gone supernova and couldnt figure out why this star was so much brighter than the North Star. Ive seen the same object frequently over the night sky and last night (11/17/12) when I was bringing my girlfriend home from work noticed the same ovoid object in the sky pulsating randomly with its main bluish white light (it seemed to be flashing morse code, but I don't know the code itself to say for certain). I then noticed that a red light would also sporadically appear in the sky. As we were driving home my girlfriend pointed out that she saw a green light as well. This was at about 11:30 PM. When we got home we thought it would be interesting if we could pull out the telescope (a 2" newtonian reflector) and see if we could get a better image of what it was that was sitting in the sky. When we got the telescope set up, and aimed at it, I went to spot it through the scope when I heard my girlfriend say "it just jumped" and I looked through the scope to see nothing, I look at the alignment and Im way off, not even looking in the right direction anymore. By the time I do finally get it lined up I start to see it moving steadily southwest before it stops, goes slightly back in the reverse and then continues on in its direction. After a few moments of trying to get a picture of it with my cameraphone it changes direction and starts to climb straight up directly into the sky. I adjust the telescope to follow it and it "jumps" to another part of the sky right before my eyes. I change the scope yet again, hunt the object down and manage to snap a short video of the object pulsating on my cameraphone before I wrap things up and decide to go inside. (this was at about 1:30, halfway through the event). I get everything inside and up until about 3:30 was still peeking out the window to see if it was still there, and it was. The object seems to appear randomly but fairly frequently, and seems to be at some point identifiably in the sky every Tuesday and has since the Tuesday before election day.
