{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-18 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486232","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73483","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4048,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/232/mufon-5486232.json","updb_database_id":5486232}
{dr}Three incredibly bright lights moning from north to south, when it got close enough the whole bottom was lit up in a triangular shape, turned moved off to the west.

I was walking to my mini van in my driveway to go pick up my girlfriend from work when I saw three incredibly bright lights moving towards my direction. Lights were moving parallel to highway 31 from the north towards the south. Object was moving so slow and lights were so bright it made me stop instantly in my tracks.Could not see the body of the craft but could tell it was large and was curious of how it was moving so slow without falling.

The three bright lights/object were heading behind the roof tops of the homes to my left so i went and got into the van, pointing north, waiting for it to reappear on my side of roof tops. Well, that took a tiny bit longer then expected, it either slowed down more or stopped for a brief second but finally crossed over the roof tops back into view. 

Once the object was in my sight again i could start to see the bottom of the object and it started making a banked turn..... Yes banked. Looking at the bottom of the object was a complete surprise, it was totally lit up with multiple large bright lights, and i could see a perfect triangular outline of the object. I will try to attach some drawings with this report, if they scan properly. Funny thing is while coming at me i saw no outline at all. Color of the large lights were incredibly bright white and the smaller ones were incredibly bright red.

Now the object is moving west, slightly southwest, pretty much at the same pace as it was originally, which was still very slow. Looking at it from behind it had a rectangular shape, to guess, I would go with around 15-20 feet thick. There was two lit up areas in red that were rectangular in shape to the right and left of the center rear end of object. Craft continued off to the west actually towards my girlfriends work, which made me snap out of it, jumped in the van and followed it towards her job till it went out of sight beyond the skyline. Someone else had to see this thing fly over our town, I had yet stopped to ask an officer if there was any reports, or mentioned myself. Crazy thing is my phone was laying on center arm of van and i never thought to grab it for a video, was kinda froze and amazed. Takes lousy videos anyhow, like most others you see but it definitely would have caught lights on the bottom.

Everything about that craft looked from out of this world, my question to myself was the banked turn?? That did come across to me as man made. Moving so slow anything man made would have fell out of the sky and made some kind of sound. The lights were so huge the weight alone if man made would have taken incredible power to lift causing sound (Plus its just the way they appeared). Drones that may not make noise could not carry that weight, plus there was a solid dark surface that was strange, darker then the night sky around object. Have not seen or heard any other reports of this since it happened, would appreciate if anyone else seen this? to say something to what they may have seen. Another thing most man made lights cast a beam, like a deer spotlight, these did not and they were HUGE and bright. Thanks for your time. This is my second sighting in this area, or ever, first one in August and yes other people I met around here have been seeing unexplained lights in the sky themselves.
