{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 01:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491957","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67595","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/957/mufon-5491957.json","updb_database_id":5491957}
{jpg} White bright orb with red flashing cylindrical body. Hovered for approx 6 - 7 minutes then turned and desended straight down

I walked outside to see what neighbors dogs were barking about. When I stepped out side the back door I noticed a white and red light hovering where I have never seen lights hover before. I happen to have my binoculars in my hand from checking out the moon a few minutes before. When looking through the binoculars I could clearly see a bright white orb with red lights flashing behind it in the shape of a cylinder. I ran inside the house to wake my boyfriend. He came out and we both watched it for approx. 7 minutes as it hovered there. From where we were standing in our back yard the bright white orb light was to the left and the red flashing lights extended off to the right. the length of the cylinder shape coming off of the orb was approx. 7 to 8 times the size of the orb. The red flashing lights appeared to me as though it was scanning something. It then turn abruptly with the bright white orb facing down and descended somewhere on the Morongo Indian Reservation. When the object had descended out of site I looked to the east where a plane was coming from Palm Springs area. As we watched this plane come closer to us a streak of light went flying across the sky at an incredible speed. It looked like a shooting star except for the fact that it was an aqua bluish color. We came back into the house at that time and I came to this site to make a report. As I was writing this report I stepped out side to see if it had come back up from where it appeared to have landed. My boyfriend went outside with me. The original object was not seen, however at that moment what appeared to be a plane with flashing lights was flying from the west to the east over the area were the first object had been spotted, When I looked through the binoculars it was not a plane. The object appeared to be round, light bluish color with flashing silvery looking lights. No sound as it cruised over the area of the previously seen object, and continued on east ward. These objects were between a mile to 2 miles from our home. Sky was clear. I am shaky as I type this. I have see a extremely large black triangle object approx. 8 months ago. I did not report it at the time. I had written info down that I was going to submit but never got around to it. What I felt tonight was completely different from what I felt then. When the black triangle glided past and blocked out the entire sky I had to wake my boyfriend to come out on the couch to sleep while I watched TV (which I rarely watch). That episode made the hair on my neck stand straight up. Tonight/this morning I am a little giddy. Not afraid of this object in the least. Asked my boyfriend if we could drive over closer. He said no. So there you have it. What I experienced over the last hour/hour and a half. I don't own a cellphone and my boyfriend had just woken up and did not have his on him. We were both in awe of this sight.
