{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498957","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60199","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2874,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/957/mufon-5498957.json","updb_database_id":5498957}
{cak} My friend and I witnessed UFO at Allagash ck pt in Northern Me. It appeared to the left of tree high enough in sky .It would just drop then move to Right rapidly then back to left. It would hover and thats when we noticed pulsating colored lights.

My friend was looking at night sky . I was spending night with her at North Me woods check Point.She yelled look out the window. I did but didn't see anything right away. Then I saw it .A star looking object. It would just free fall then stay stationary for 5 mins at a time or so. It would move to the right of the tree hover then back to the left very fast. It went back to the right again. I went outside in the woods road next to ck pt to observe it. It was moving in a wavy like pattern. I saw colored lights and pulsating lights.At that point my friend was concerned it would come where we were and wanted me to come back inside. I scooted it back inside and noticed it was behind a big tree lights still visible. Must of watched it another 5-10 mins it just hovered in one spot. Then it was gone in a flash.At one point I saw a jet way High in the sky overhead. This object was not a helicopter, plane space station balloon. Its movement was definitely nothing of this earth.This encounter lasted a good 25 mins or so.I'm sure of the time because we were just shutting down ck point for the night.When I first noticed it I thought it was a planet.I was in awe when I realized this thing moved like nothing Ive ever seen in the Northern Sky. I became curious and went outside to really see what it was. I became apprehensive because my friend was afraid I could be abducted as has happened in the area awhile back.We shut down the ck pt lights and all. Shut the shades and peeked out through them.The object just left in thin air.I always thought humans an arrogant species thinking there is no alien life but this experience definitely showed me we are not alone. I am thrilled to have experienced this up close. We had I phone but only thought of it after incident.We spoke of our experience and were ridiculed by some and others in the area spoke about their own experiences in sighting UFOs I guess we live in an active area for them. People don't report because they don't want to be ridiculed or accept UFOS as a given.
