{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-23 05:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471957","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88490","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2756,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/957/mufon-5471957.json","updb_database_id":5471957}
4 objects apparently flying over Madrid, Spain

Photo was taken at 5:54 AM on November 23, 2017, in Madrid, Spain. I was walking in the town early in the morning due to jetlag. I was in the square (Puerta del Sol), standing behind a statue and the frame of Christmas tree in the square. I just took a picture (the photo is of the back of the statue because it has "Madrid" written on it and it has a nice building in the shot). I noticed nothing unsual about the photo when it was taken (that is, I saw nothing in the sky at the time. I was a bit more concerned about the revelers that were still partying from the night before in the area). It was only after, when I was looking at my photos, that I noticed the four lights in the sky. At first inpsection, I thought maybe I had just taken photos of a street lamp (the Madrid street lamps have either 4 or 2 bulbs on them), but when I went back to the location the next day (and of course upon futher inspection of the photo) I realized the street lamps are much lower down and that there should be nothing to reflect their light. The photo was taken outside, so it is not a reflection of a shop's or restaurant's lights (it was nearly 6 AM, after all). No other photos taken that night or ever with the same camera and lens have ever produced anything like what the photo shows (or anything of a strange or odd nature). I took photos of the area the next day to show there is nothing in the sky (that is, there is no pane of glass set up above the Christmas tree or the building) and to show what the lamps look like. I really just wonder if indeed these are UFOs (a) if they can be verified as not having anything to do with the street lamps and (b) if others have photos of similar objects in Madrid or in Spain.
