{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-09-18 18:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485380","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5131,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/380/mufon-5485380.json","updb_database_id":5485380}
Top Secret operation Second Object of the Hungarian Air Force.

We ufologist from Slovakia, and this at this point, the whole world reported that on Wednesday evening on september (09) 18. 1996, around 18:35 CET in Veszpr1m county, near the village P1pa and Ugod Hungary, there was a very serious incident ufology. Military aircraft of Soviet production Mikoyan-Gurevich, MiG-21 bis-75AP "Fishbed L" s number 5822, piloted by Captain Mr. Attila Dobay, was the unlucky hit in vehicles of extraterrestrial origin. Aircraft and IFO UFO before, successfully identified as IAC, that is identified by an alien spaceship, after colliding with each other with the plane crashed to the ground, in the approximate area, here are the approximate GPS Coordinates:

47.324088 1 N 17.551592 1 E

The pilot of the aircraft was successfully catapult, suffered only minor injuries and still lives. Worse landed alien crew spacecraft. One unearthly, humanoid creature did not survive the crash. Second, similar to a human being, extraterrestrial, was found in a living state. She was paid on a secret military base that has been labeled as "Z-4". We have no idea where that is the base was situated. Everything about this serious incident. We know there is in the article, crustaceans can be found at the website

[Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]] 

Through international compiler from Google, you can translate to you technical language. Ufology our esteemed colleagues from the United States, the company MUFON but also other amateur interested in ufology, people from around the world residents of this planet Earth, all who are reading this, we inform you also that we are serious about this incident from Hungary managed to get eight severely classified documents from the Hungarian Air Force about a secret project called "Project Second Object". In the Annex, you will find them as Xerox photocopy of electronically digital format. They are written in the Hungarian language, but in the above article is the translation. We know well the existence of additional, top-secret documents, we only their content, their photocopies to us so far, and naptiek intensive efforts, unfortunately, failed to obtain. This year, 2016, over the weekend, on September 18, will now 20th anniversary of this important event. For this reason we are on this "Hungary Roswell" decided to inform the whole world, because few people know about it. This event we Thoroughly check and came to the clear conclusion that it is a trustworthy ufology event of international importance, which striking and steep event really truthfully and objectively actually occurred, so this is another accident UFO / IFO = IAC on the planet.

Our common goal is to ufology, where appropriate, to the first half of September 2016, and the "Hungarian Roswell", appeared on the list of all other global disaster "flying saucers". Therefore, we ask all amateur (but also professional if any) ufology researchers from around the world to help us with this important case help in its dissemination and awareness that this information is disseminated further, especially among us, ufologist and also among the general public. Please inform about this serious incident ufological our other colleagues around the world, bark of Hungary Roswell do not yet know. Especially those ufologist together let us inform you that operate the Hungarian to the case of detected more detail and also to obtain further, the missing documents and the like. 
Thank you for your cooperation. Your colleague Kybernaut ufology and the other ufology your colleagues from Central Europe, from the state of Slovak Republic. From affection I greet people from all over the world, the inhabitants of our beautiful planet from Slovakia!
