{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-18 22:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503380","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2862,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/380/mufon-5503380.json","updb_database_id":5503380}
Witness obsered a starlike object low on horizon.

I went outside to smoke a cigarette on my front porch which faces north and immediately noticed a bright light relatively low-mid on the horizon, that was flickering dramatically many different colors, mainly seemed to be red, blue, white, yellow/orange. At first I thought it was the star Sirius, but was intrigued by it's abnormal seeming brightness and flickering, so I just kept staring at it, standing perfectly still. It was still for a few minutes then started to move to the right very slowly, it was barely noticeable at first, but I was using the tree as guidance and could see that it seemed to be moving. Then all of a sudden it went dark, at that point I thought maybe it had been a plane that I was perhaps seeing from behind and that it had just gone off into the distance and was no longer in sight, although that didn't seem to make sense to me. As I was thinking that the light reappeared in the same spot I last saw it at, still flickering and changing brightness, randomly going dark and then bright again. It moved straight to the right again rather quickly then went dark again, when it reappeared it was to the left of where I had last seen it before it moved to the right quickly. Then it went dark again and seemed to be moving to the right again but the trees started to obscure my vision. I wanted to go walk down the street and get a better look, get a better angle, but I had my baby asleep inside sleeping and didn't want to leave him unattended. I stayed out for a few more minutes trying to see it, and either it disappeared or it moved to where I couldn't see it behind the trees/buildings. I thought maybe it could've been a helicopter, but the brightness/colors of the light and the randomness of the flashing, plus it's odd movements do not comply with my understanding of how one would move. I also stood there and waited in those few minutes to see if a plane or helicopter would come out the other side, passed the trees, in line with where it seemed to be on the horizon, but saw nothing besides a couple other random airplanes that were in the area, but not where I had seen the UFO. So basically it looked VERY similar to Sirius, but brighter with lots of flickering and movement.
