{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526380","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29312","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5128,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/380/mufon-5526380.json","updb_database_id":5526380}
Spherically shaped, white luminious object seen flying two separate trajectories. Defied aeronautical capabilities.

I was fishing with a friend who also witnessed the exact same occurrence and we immediately were fixated by an unusual circle of white light that appeared over the mangroves. Facing Cairns, the light that initially we believed to be a satellite soon began performing aerial movements that we both agreed were abnormal and beyond the scope of relative physics and gravity.

Coming from horizon over Yarrabah and moving towards the right hand side of Cairns, its trajectory angled over the south of Cairns in an atmospheric curve. As it travelled its path, the light was simultaneously moving from left to right, and this motion is best described as an arc moving between a consistent 90 degree circumference. This dual movement (forward thrust and sideways arc swing) seemed to have separate individual constant velocities. As the object moved higher above the horizon, it felt as if it was moving towards the Tablelands. I can attest that this object was not flashing but swinging side to side through space whilst travelling forward. I witnessed this swinging action occur up to 12-15 times (eg. Left to Right = 1 swing)

On the object1s last dual movement it came to a complete and controlled halt and hovered in this position for about 10 seconds.

The object then propelled up from its stationary position to a point in space. This was a completely different trajectory and the object changed from following the trajectory of the Earth/atmosphere to propelling up, out and beyond. When the object had stopped, it resembled a distant star that was almost parallel. The speed and distance that I perceived during this secondary flight phase was fluid and direct, furthermore this particular action has been most difficult to comprehend. From my perspective, this movement appeared to be calculated and precise. It seemed the object went from its stationed position to a point almost beyond our atmosphere in matter of approximately 1 second. The object stopped with precision and there was no streak, but instead the object became endlessly smaller as it travelled an uncomprehensable distance. From my observations, the object stayed in this position for approximately 4 minutes. Following this, I witnessed the object flash off & on and then about 20 seconds later, it repeated this gesture. There was no more movement until the sky became cloudy and all visibility was lost. 

There was no apparent sounds coming from the object and it never changed shape through its course of travel. It appeared to become larger only when the object came closer and this was relative to perspective and was not a growth from its original size. As it travelled its second flight phase, distance between the object and my position grew exponentially large thus its roundness was lost. It appeared as a starry light in the far away distance.

I have estimated the size of the object to be between 20 to 45 metres in diametre.

I would like to emphasise that I clearly witnessed the object as it travelled through both phases and the distance it travelled during the second phase is perplexing. For example, it looked and felt as if the object had actually travelled from Earth to another solar system. Bear in mind the secondary flight phase only lasted around a second, but the way the object reached the destination was extraordinary. Its flight path began well within Earth's stratosphere and it zoomed into space to become a star-like figure. During this occurrence, I felt as if I had witnessed the entire journey in slow-motion, but the reality was this was almost immediate. This felt unusual because no matter how much I try to recall this particular flight scenario it is impossible for me to recollect completely and understand the distance I was shown on the night. Even now the event is extremely vivid but I have no concept of time versus travel for the second phase and I find it impossible to properly understand, however I do believe there is technology currently unfounded and our current scientific laws of physics and gravity are not constants.

I have attempted to give anybody that reads this report a complete, true and honest interpretation of a possible UFO sighting. If anyone else was able to witness this event I would love to hear your interpretation and comments.

A perfect round light with powerful movements, purposeful and accurate it's actions were mesmerising, but somehow belittling.
