{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-04 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452380","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":22312,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/380/mufon-5452380.json","updb_database_id":5452380}
Slow Low moving Mile Wide Carpenter Square shaped Monster Craft

Now I'm writing this down many years after what I had originally witnessed. Reason being somewhat unknown to myself why I didn't go off the wall when this happened. Any how I have known what I saw for aprox. 10 years, my memory fails me on what year 2006 or 2007 it was but I do know the 3 of us we were lighting off, small little smoky things that leave a wormy ash shell on our front stairs and maybe few other spark fountains and stuff so I'm pretty sure it was the 4th of July to boot. Now before I get into the details, I would just like to give some background as to how I came about to this point. Before this event happened I had heard stories of the phoenix lights but that said I never bothered to look into it, had no idea what they looked like other than maybe knowing they were lights as seen on the local news. And to top it off I just thought they were separate lights with no structure and appeared to be random string of lights, I gave no merit to it and certainly never thought about them or ufos, just had no real interest as I don't think I was a believer of such things plus I had young daughter I had a good amount of time with and the reason I had moved to Arizona, but I didn't have her that day. So moving on to say that even after I witnessed this amazing event, reasons unknown to me other then I might have been so caught up in child custody and parenting and career stress, I never bothered to look into it, however it did worm its way into my mind from time to time but again it didn't register. Now weirder yet as I watched this beast of a craft pass my view for all my years on this earth I could not relate it to anything I ever saw or imagined but for all its glory all I said after was "ok wow, huh I just really did see an ufo mammoth something out of star wars space craft of sorts" I knew this was important and felt our military needed to know what is out there because it’s such a huge complex craft I have no doubt it could wipe out anything anyone had. After this I looked at Roommate and Girlfriend standing next to me on stairs I said did you guys just see that. You had to of seen that right. I think my roommate merely said I think I saw something. Girlfriend says she not sure if she saw any thing but they were talking to each other. I noticed that neither one of them were very emotional about it to say they saw something 

but funny I didn’t know the resource to call upon to do that so I held off as I thought how can I find the right place to report this. I pretty much shrugged it off for appearances sake, no one would believe what I just saw but I know what I saw and that's all that matters. I don’t know why I saw it and many a night prayed to my lord god asking why he let me clearly witness this thing. So I don't know what that makes me anymore but I never questioned what I saw other than I felt I was truly special and lucky but now questioning how does it affect my faith. But surprisingly it strengthened it in that there is more to life then we know. I ask God many a day's why he let me see that, what does that mean to me and to him ? will he forsake me because I accidently caught sight of something that challenges areas of my faith? I don't know I still struggle with it trying to draw parallels between my faith and what I saw. Its opened a whole new reality for myself but I embrace it because I know I feel on to something that could be beyond current understanding. Continuing on what I feel is Ironic about this is , strangely I never perused it but it began to make me hungry to know more and just what do we as a civilization know about things. Thus my hungry research sparked me to look to YouTube and just to type in and see what comes up.. Well lull and behold the Phoenix lights showed up along with countless of other sightings. Well I concentrated on watching the phoenix lights video from the news because I'm in phoenix so that made sense as good starting point. Sure enough the video shows lights, now if you remember before I witnessed what I did I had no clue on Phoenix lights they seemed random to me however it took me a second before I knew exactly exactly what It was because it was exactly structure shape of the craft that I saw that fits that light formation. Only I saw it in detail close up and during a time of night that it was still not totally dark..I was floored.. I felt like I was just raised above the level of all those people who say they saw UFO phoenix lights in 1997 only amazingly I saw it in I'm estimating 2006, 07, 08. ( Darn really wished I documented this earlier...) I saw the real deal that fills the gap between the phoenix lights in full detail. Now you may ask why am I bothering to give you all this surrounding detail about the event but it's for several of reasons: 1. for myself to finally write something on paper about this rather than just stuck in minds memory 2. to show I am a regular guy with other things important to his life and 3. if it helps others confirm bring closure on their suspicions of the phoenix lights seen in march 1997. 4. If it helps to identify needed detail about it for national security reasons or just about any other reason it Just makes sense to put on paper and leave it to the experts to fight it out.. I have to admit as my internet research as sparked a couple years ago and I have explored the many sightings. I am quick to point out or I feel many aren't real because they are not what I saw that was real, it's pretty cut and dry for me as I know what I saw. This long extended research has made some areas of my detail memory fuzzy with the emotion mixed with varying degrees of remembered facts as I see them and the fact that it's been etched in my mind for so long and then to realize for me there is an emotional aspect to what I saw, a feeling that comes with knowing I'm right as I watch other videos of sightings trying to find if anyone has detail footage as I have memory of this enormously huge craft. But as god is my witness with what I saw there is more to this craft then you know or see in the photos published online. I can also tell you the testimony of that couple on YouTube is closest I have found to what I saw, along with the video of the guy wearing sunglasses that says he was delivering pizzas, except I saw more detail and slight variations and about 10 years later.. I can tell you it has changed my life as it has resolved me to investigate what's out there in areas of science, religion, history, and mostly now technology past and present. If you want a kid to want to learn more. Have them witness a detailed sighting as mine. :) Anyhow I of course feel concerned about going public with this for obvious reasons , I don't want this to ruin my life .. ex. men in black show up, etc... but being that this is what it is, and so far has only improved my understanding of the world around me, I think ok to tell, plus I feel like I am more and more unable to contain myself to wanting to tell the world about what I witnessed any longer.. Ok Fair enough time to get into the details of what I saw, Now mind you this took place approx. 15 seconds tops but long enough I still have the main conceptual detail of it.
It was late evening maybe 8pm still not total dark plenty of light available to see detail. I remember a Clinton had come to Phoenix , either Hillary or Bill for some reason that day (maybe that can help me figure out what day it was.). Which also sparked me to think if this thing was there to protect the president or candidate cant remember,, but later I gave up on that theory… Anyhow We (3 of us) were standing on my front stairs(set of 3 stairs) on the south side of the townhouse, my roommates unit D I was in (just for specific location if needed later). We had just finished lighting off smoky little firework and went back to the higher stair of the 3 stairs to continue conversation with roommate and my gf that were on the lower stairs or ground level. 
They were facing pretty much west as I was facing Easterly direction and for whatever reason I was gazing just slightly above their elevation conversely listing when I caught a glimpse out of corner of my eye something huge starting to move over the flat roof tops off into my view and oddly completely silent like it didn’t even care if it was seen. Kind of like watching a film with no sound and a people conversation going in the background, my eyes then shifted and this is the part of my testimony I thought about not including only because It made no sense to me whatever logically and anyone trying to understand this might be tainted to not want to hear the rest of my testimony.. I have now decided to tell this pare as there may be logical explanation or not. and here goes.  As I saw the beginning emerging mass starting to move over the rooftops what took shape to me was the quintessential looking flying saucer with lights flashing around in sequence an antenna hanging either underneath or on top can’t remember , I would venture it was the bottom. Just smack dab in my view. Clear as a bell you could not mistake it for anything else. It was a flying saucer, so it appeared... Now this is where it gets tricky ,, 
I don’t recollect seeing the transition between this flying saucer and what comes next, but I know it was the first thing I saw, and I can’t recall seeing the flying saucer attached to anything. Anyways Then this dark mass moved in behind it very close or maybe almost touching (strangely looked as if this mass was being Towed by the flying saucer, I thought to myself) as wired as it was. Stunningly it was different altogether that started filling my view but I could tell it was Flat low profile in thickness except for maybe a very, very slight hump up toward the top front I tried to see but not a good view just barely made it out. . Of course, I could not make heads or tails of this shape until later in my viewing, but at that point I had no idea what I was I was looking at. I remember the front of this new emerging shape was maybe 3 lights clustered together near the very front. As more of the craft crept into view I could make out the lights pulsing back and forth on the front face of the crafts wings toward the center and then back down the wing again very ufo like... Behind the 3 lights up front of the craft was a 2 layered oval platforms levels with what appeared to be windows going around the bottom layer. The bottom layer was slightly smaller than the layer above it that attaches to the underbelly. (same structure for the command center I talk about later). Strangely I remember counting specifically only 2 layers. I gazed around for markings like USA China Russia etc.... did not see a anything to identify it only Dark Flat Black or darkest gray surface. I could not believe what my eyes for fixating on what appeared so huge and vast that looking east at the underbelly I couldn't see the other side and that appeared at least a block and half or more of my sight. The front tip(see footnote) had to be id say at lest a good block away maybe half block east of corner or Lake shore and South shore drive. How could it be going so smoothly slow without falling out of the sky. I remember sort of frantically searching with my eyes for something of detail that I could plainly recognize or make sense of .. but nothing …
However during that searching of its vast underbelly off in the distance I found the center point of the giant mass structure that looked very small for the size of this craft but never the less it was there,, it looked like a double layer oval structure cylindrical maybe slightly oblique. Almost exactly the same shape as the toward front of the craft only under that layered area there was another area that at first thoughts looked kind of like the top of submarine with the long varied antennas only upside down. I noticed the flat smooth underbelly possibly also had low profile detail gradually increasing toward that center point. Obviously, this was beyond what I could grasp I was thinking it had to be some country that was checking us or here to protect the president. But it can’t be ours because of its impossible size, shape, detail involved in this craft.  I could also see beyond and behind the center hanging structure of the craft’s enormous underbelly surface world as it crept silently more into view there was Seemed.

I noticed that the underbelly detail was very low profile Except for at least one flashing green, red or, yellow beacon that hung straight down almost directly over my head and maybe another one way further off in the vastness of the underbelly. Most distinctively without question was the Huge immense what I would describe as recessed light. I saw 3 that were on, but I also noticed there were others not on and different sized low-profile recessed lighting possibilities as well along the bottom. I looked straight up into the one as it passed right directly over. That light did not cast down, stayed contained inside the well as I looked very hard into the light source inside could almost appeared to be some sort of tight grid structure . It appeared as perfect white light that at that point it was directly over me., come to see it morph to a rusty orange after it passed by my upward gaze. As this craft literally blocked out my view of the sky and I started to see sky reappearing again toward and behind the upside-down hanging submarine part (which I can only imagine was like the command center). That area behind the center was extended out a ways past the area inside angle of the V which technically makes it a W although the middle hump looked big to me but in all actuality was very small after the craft passed by a ways to see the full structure ..it looked like flying carpenter square or an sideways L , strangely the jutted out area was too small to make a difference of the overall shape from a distance. Back to looking up underneath it as it drifted forward more, I could see night sky and stars but it was all somewhat fuzzy or distorted perhaps. Like the cloaking was just turned off but yet still turned on just a little. Then strangely I noticed a small red plum light trailing behind in the middle of the V toward the back not attached to anything I could see(thought that was odd even impossible) moving same speed of the craft yet I could still see the starts around the red plum light.. That red light may of actually been further out a litte ways from the the Very end of the V but hard to tell exactly when it ended. Redirecting my look to the back under edge of the Vs underbelly it merged into a distorted glazy looking surfaces of the tiles of sorts (this was amazing to me as immediately I told myself that’s got to be what they call cloaking how odd I’m not seeing thingy. It truly distorted) at the same I noticed hanging down was a grid of what look like 1 level of square scaffolding/tubes all under the belly of the craft... I sort of recall the scaffolding when looking directly up to near the large cylinder light. but it must have been large the spacing of it as it was over me, I didn’t notice until I looked further toward the back of the wing where the glazy surface was where it appeared more tightly packed. By the time that final back edge area was over me I looked intently at It and it was still glazy glossy distorted surface. Now as quickly tried to ascertain the back area of this craft as it just started moving over me I caught sight of side area of the area extending back behind the center of the ve.. (the middle hump). It was either on that piece or the near back side of the left wing(as i call it) nearer to the center of V of the craft, What I saw was a huge rectangular window that surprisingly look like I was looking into the side view of a windowed Mall corridor. It reminded me of a long viewing window maybe seen on the Battlestar Galactica. It was still far away but I could imagine people in there looking out and seeing literally everything as it glides over the rooftops. I did not see any people or aliens in that window.  I also realized as it went over, I was more to the very right side of this craft but still underneath. So it may of been the last Giant Recessed light that went over me on that right wing , But as I traced my view up to the center light toward the front I I did see at least one recessed light not being used (see footnote later on the front) V. I think one of the last things I saw from being under it was the passing of the end of the right wing and what struck me was the perfect I mean extremely perfect 90 right angle of right end of the wing tip it appeared to be. Then as last end of right wing passed over me I looked forward facing where the center of the craft would be only center was gone ,,moved by, ,but then what I did see just incredibly floored me and that was that left wing had not passed me yet instead it stretched out so far away that I think the atmosphere made craft look a lighter shade of gray and hazy because it was so far away maybe air pollution or dust in the air. And strangely enough looking at that wing off in the gray distance of the air. I recall a quick view fainting image of almost similar to the layers of buildings similar to that on aircraft carrier settled on top toward the back 1/3 of the wing. Now a few other things this monster was extremely thin and low profile to its overall size. The side views that I did see I imaged has to be several stories in thickness(guest a guess) it looked almost exactly just like the side of a star Destroyer from movie Star Wars. Kind of like thick level on top and below and recessed side in between with a lot of detail hard to make out Except that window area I saw. that was because closer to the center of the V . 

Of course, I couldn't notice the huge angled shape of the craft until it moved far enough past me abit. What I noticed was it looks like a Giant Flying Carpenter Square of all things Tri Square shaped with one side noticeably longer then the other,, drifting at a consistent pace from maybe one invisible point to another invisible point almost appearing to slightly hesitate at points for microsecond which gave the sense of something ever so slightly off. As it set off into the distance due south like it was following the 101 highway, I remember staying focused on until the very last moment when I saw it angle a bit as if to head southwest and out of sight. I don’t get the strange shape, but I do know Jesus was a carpenter. The Free Masons has that shape. It similar to a chevron shape of sorts found all over the place. I found document TR-6 Telos that shows is almost the Identical craft.. But the craft I saw appeared to be way bigger. 
So after my Roomate and Gf both acted passive to me asking them if they saw it.. so I guess I thought well then it was I whow was truly blessed to have seen it and I know what I saw is a miracle of someone’s technology, Ill have to believe I was meant to see it.. I was way off under the right wing when I did witness this and thought maybe they didn’t see me or expect me to be seeing it.. because if was just for me to see why not have me directly under the middle of it. After time I realize This wasn’t meant for just me to see.. It was an accident of the cloaking failure , it been being towed by a flying saucer , or they showing this technology purposely to send a message ..(I have several theories what that message is) I have a several theories as to the origin of what I saw but no matter which one I choose I can tell you my reality filter is forever changed and my desire to find out what I witnessed keeps me going and that there is more to life then we know.. (its not the is this it now what mentality). I have researched this not as most people done reading books etc.. I have read parts of things if they seem to have a link but for me .. I know what I saw… I don’t have to dig very far.. I am able to sift through a thousand pictures or youtube videos or articles and able to quickly discern what is what I saw or not. There are a few things out there that have given me some ahh haa. moments that seem to connect a lot of dots for me or given me a very keen sense of history sightings of this mystery craft.
I could go on and on about my new way I look at life , how I see our government and other nations, how I view the world around me, knowing there is something out there bigger than life and anything I could of ever imagined and to know its true real , present in our lifes whether it be seen or not. I know I can not be the only one who seen this .. But I do know I am one of the few who seen it in full Detail up close and personal only 10 years later 2006 or 2007 leaning toward 2007. Those phoenix lights from 1997 were very real and I saw everything they were and what connected it all in between. I almost wonder if this craft appears in 10 year increments as if being sent back from the future to let us know or give us something look forward to or something to be forewarned about .. It baffles the mind. But I know here is a reason because I know its so very real what I saw and I just sometimes feel I want everyone to know so we can stop messing around with all this other stuff and concentrate on find this thing again ,, it has to be the solution for all mankind enveloped in this craft . Is it telling us we need to find our way into space and build spacecraft because our world will be eradicated ? . This implications of us seeing this craft can be scary sometimes as well as enticingly majestically enlightening.
