{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-07-20 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283380","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/380/mufon-5283380.json","updb_database_id":5283380}
I could only see silhouettes moving around the vehicle

My cousins and I were playing a game of hide and seek late at night in the rural country at our grandmother's house. Grandmother owned 10+ acres of landed lined by a forest. I know this forest like the back of my hand, we played in the woods everyday. In the small town of Geneva I am related to almost everyone who lives there. Population roughly 200. Surrounding forest were about 10 homes and a small trailer park with no lights and a church/graveyard. The forest lies next to a huge swamp.
In the late summer while playing in the fields next to the woodline, a brilliantly bright bluish white light instantiously illuminated the entire forest. The light illuminated at least 4 acres of tree line. The light came from a single source point in the back right side of the forest near the creek that feeds into the large swamp. The light did not move, pulse, or shake. Imagine the amount of lights used to illuminate a football stadium, but coming from one source, so bright it was hard to look at directly. As a fearless curious child I needed to know what I was seeing because it was nothing like any of us had ever seen. So while my cousins stood at the tree line with their mouths open, I took off running into the woods towards the object. I got about 45yds. away from the light when I heard my family scream for me to stop and come back. At this moment, preservation began to set in and I stopped out running out of fear of seeing something that would alter my reality. I looked back and could see my cousins faces as if it was daylight outside. The look of horror and concern on their faces. I turned to look back at the light and I could see a round craft emitting an extreme amount of blue/white light. The craft was approx. The size of a Volkswagen beatle car but much wider than a car. I saw the silhouette of two figures heads quickly moving around the craft. I want empathsize their speed because they were trying to get back in the vehicle as quick as possible. Their heads were large and round and they were not very tall but not small either, around 5ft. One figure darted around the craft where the vehicle was between them and myself. Then the entity stood there and stared back at me. It was hard to make out much because looking at the vehicle was like trying to stare at the sun. Once I knew that they had seen me, I ran out of the woods as fast as I could. My cousins followed as I ran to the house to tell my mom what we were seeing but by the time we made it half way through the field, the light had turned off, I couldn't see my cousins anymore, and in the sky was only a very clear stary summer night once again.
