Case No. 1628 21082021

Date: 2013.

Approximate Time: 15:00 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season:

Witnesses: F. J. S. I., 50 years old.

Description: The witness reported that at 15:00 (LT) and for four hours of an unspecified date in February 2013, he/she observed various aerial anomalies from the commune of La Reina, in the Metropolitan Region of Santiago.

The informant described the sighting as "(sic) 'A camouflaged mothership atop the mountain range, by a veil-like cloud,'" in an oval shape.
The user wrote that: "Approximately about 3 km wide and 2 high." Then he described it as a "cylindrical object that resembled a 'silver pile' associated with what he pointed to as 'silver spheres.' All this was reportedly found 8 to 10 kilometers away from him.

The user continued by writing (sic): "Inside the structure, in the midst of preparing the field, I saw a teacher looking at the sky, it piqued my curiosity, we approached with the assistant and asked the teacher. What were you looking at? He pointed to the sky, at first I didn't see anything, me."
yes, after a few seconds, I was able to see the cylindrical object, like a
silver pile, making a triangular movement of about one km. But the movement
was so fast that it was difficult to follow with the eyes. After a while we lost
sight of this object and continued working in the same place where we had been
before. My assistant was intrigued by what he had seen and after a few minutes,
he told me to look at the mountain range and I saw this cloud-like shape and
from it, silver spheres emerged that circled.
"Around this mother ship and then they would head into space, how many we saw. About 7 and then after that the cloud dispersed and we didn't see anything else."

In emails on August 23rd, 27th and September 1st, 2021, the witness was requested to provide any study materials regarding the report and to specify where and when the described event occurred. As of the writing of this report, no materials were sent and there was no further contact with CEFAA.

For statistical analysis purposes, a location was taken as a reference point.
in the commune of La Reina, at coordinates 33° 26’ 35’’ S and 70° 30’ 56’’ W.

Images: Although requested on August 23, 27 and September 1, 2021, the user only provided their testimony.

Conclusion: Due to the lack of study material, the investigation file was closed according to numeral 2d (Study of cases that report images, audios or videos) of the Technical Instruction Procedure, Research Times, Reception of Backgrounds.
Preparation of Executive Report and Archiving of CEFAA Reports.

Case classified as "False" due to lack of contact from the reporter.
