{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-01-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46148","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2541,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5512180.json","updb_database_id":5512180}
Four bright star like objects with a fifth attached flying from south to north

Unsure of the date or the year, but it was early 1990's, perhaps 91 or 92. I remember it clearly even though I was just a kid at the time.

Me and a friend of mine had been at cross country ski practice at the local sports club. The clubs area is quite hidden away inside the woods, and the close proximity area sparsely populated.

We were the only left at the club, everyone else had been picked up by their parents. There was strong winds that night, and I remember the tree tops swaying quite violently. I would think it was due to a weather change, either from warm to cold or from cold to warmer weather. I do not remember the direction of the wind, but I think it came from the south. The trees did not have snow on them which must suggest it was around 0 celsius temperatures outside.

We were looking eastwards, towards the road which leads to the main road, when we saw four lights coming into view from the east. Four lights in a box shape formation with a fifth light stuck to the bottom right one. I was even then with an eager interest in aviation and felt something was very off with these lights. There were no sound, and the lights were moving slower than you would expect from airplanes coming into land at Oslo Gardermoen. This was also before OSL was the main airport of Norway and the lights were going in the wrong direction from the airport. 

My friend saw it as well, and pointed out that "it must be an airplane", but the sight did surprise him as well. I instantly thought of UFOs and imagined seeing a dome like shape between the lights, but I doubt very much there was. However, the lights traveled northwards without ever changing direction to each other.

Never before seen anything like this before, and never see anything like it. Used to seeing passenger jets, and this was not it. Too big light, too low, but hard to give a good distance.
