{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-01 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54717","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5704,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5504180.json","updb_database_id":5504180}
{cak} One morning during summer of '09 my bf and I saw a giant shadowy/misty bird type creature/object

In the summer of 2009 (May-July), my boyfriend and I woke up early one morning, around 6AM I think, and went outside onto the porch of our trailer, to smoke a cigarette. The porch had a metal overhang that covered the entire porch, except the steps. We were sharing a cigarette, standing on the porch under the overhang, facing the steps (South). I walked down one or two steps and looked up at the sky.

I remember it was a nice, warm, clear morning. It was mainly a clear blue sky, and when I looked up I saw something flying, which was odd because it seemed like it just appeared, I didn't notice anything in the distance before that. I was facing south, and at first I thought it was a plane because it looked pretty big to me. But then I realized it wasn't a plane.

I heard no noise from it. I thought I could see a rounded, long beak/nose and a giant body. I would maybe compare it to a bat or a pterodactyl, I didn't see any feathers. It was hard to tell because it was kind of shadowy, I guess, is what I would describe it as. Or blurry, like it was blending in with the sky or surroundings. But it wasn't invisible, it was just hard to see details. It's coloring was grayish brown, dark, maybe even black, which I think helped the shadowy, blurry camouflage thing it did. It's wings looked like a bats wings and it was pretty big, not as big as a plane like I first thought. Maybe the size of a small plane, like one that sprays pesticide on crops, or a little smaller.

I was facing south, standing on the bottom steps of my porch, and it was flying over my neighborhood, above the treetops, heading north. I ran out, about 2-4 ft. away from the porch, so I could see over the overhang and trailer, and had a more clear view of the sky, facing north. The strangest thing about it was how it flew. It looked like it was swimming through the sky, kind of gliding. It undulated through the sky, and I think it was going pretty fast, although the way it seemed to just swim through the sky made it look like it was going slow, leisurely. 

My boyfriend saw it about the same time I did, I can't remember who actually saw it first, but we both ran out, away from the porch steps, to get a better view of the sky. Another strange thing happened once we were no longer on the porch, under the overhang. As soon as we got out in the open and were watching this thing swim through the air, we both got this feeling of fear. I don't know if it was just because I saw this strange, unknown object/creature flying above my house, but as soon as I moved away from the porch I got extremely scared, like I knew it could see me now, and could feel it watching me. The feeling intensified, getting much worse, until I looked at my boyfriend for a second, and we both freaked out, ran up onto the porch, and inside the door. 

The second we got inside, the feeling of fear lessened, and my boyfriend immediately ran back outside, and I followed him. He went off the porch so he could see over the trailer and I hid behind him, but we did not see it. Afterwards, he said he got the same feeling of fear, like it was watching us, and intensified until it made him run for cover, too. It had to of been moving pretty fast, because we should have been able to see it flying for awhile, the skies were clear and it was easily visible over the treetops, with a large area of sky visible in the direction it was going. 

The last I saw of it, I was a few feet out from my porch steps facing north, looking up at the sky. It was already pretty far out past my porch and trailer, probably 5-6 trailers away, steadily swim/flying north, and it seemed to be staying at the same altitude, above the trees. It took about 5-10 seconds to run inside, then back out to where we last saw it, probably less time for my boyfriend because I was being cautious, staying back behind him, and he just ran back out to where we last saw it. The entire incident took maybe a minute. I saw it for maybe a total of 30 seconds, and it travelled from right past the porch overhang, above the steps, to nearly the other side of the neighborhood. 

The entire time it still had that weird blurry, shadowy, blending thing going on, which could have had something to do with the way it flew. The way it moved, it did not look like anything flying, whether bird or plane, it looked like it was swimming through the air, like a snake or jellyfish would swim through water. I could almost put it off as a plane or bird that I had the wrong perspective of, or the sun shining made it look different, except for the way it flew. I've never seen anything seem to appear and literally swim through the sky like it's water, cause intense fright, then disappear. It may have flown off in a different direction or landed somewhere instead of disappearing, and the fear may have been natural. But I don't know what I actually saw, if it was some type of creature or aircraft? I think some creature, but what was the blending thing it did? I just don't know.
