{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-28 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108448","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8086,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5453180.json","updb_database_id":5453180}
Two different sitings.

Ok, how can you say anything about a UFO and not have the word strange in your description or have others think you are crazy. These photos were taken by my wife while we were on vacation in 2018. I will do the best to provide as many details of where and when the photos were taken. At the time we did not know that the foreign object was part of the shot. I only know how to crop, change the hue and contrast with my software. These are real actual photos taken by our Cannon SX280HS. Blow ups provided.

06/23/18, Shenandoah National Park Skyline Drive. The first photo {picture 39} is the actual original photo, then a {copy} for a closer look and then {copy #2} to see exactly what it was while making sure it wasn’t something on the lens. It looks like someone threw a 22lr bullet and we caught it in the photo. If you look at the proximity of the object and locations of trees, it looks like it is at least 100 feet away or more to me. The zoom was probably on because it is such a narrow photo of the valley floor in-between some trees. This would have been the biggest 22lr shell in the world and no one could have thrown it that far because it would have been to heavy. I have never seen a tube type UFO except on tv shows and this doesn’t look like any of the photos or illustrations I have seen. In the second photo, you can see that it is to fat and short to be a 22lr and more like a 9mm. There are no windows or anything to make this thing look like a spaceship. In the last photo it is pretty blurry. I looks even more like a bullet but that’s impossible. I don’t believe anyone else was there at the time.

06/28/18, Petersburg Virginia Battlefield. Picture number 50 is the original shot. If you look at the top of the tree line just to the left of the information board in the picture, you can see a little dot. I blew it up because of what I discovered in the photo from 06/23/18. Picture {50 copy} is a blow up of that object with just the tree line in view to try and get a better idea of what it might be. Photo {2 copy} is the best I could do cropping the photo to get a closer look while maintaining focus. Sure looks like a saucer to the both of us and our friends too.

This whole thing makes me feel strange that I think I have seen flying objects that aren’t man made. I do believe they exist but not because of this. When I was 13 and deer hunting with my father and his friend back in 1971, we saw something flying through the sky that was as bright as the stars.  My dad’s friend stepped back and stood in-between two trees and timed how long it took the object to go from one tree to the other, measured the distance by walking in-between the trees and pacing it off. He guessed at the amount of miles it was out in space. There was no moon to help him. He gave up after 45 minuets of doing math with paper with pencil and said “I quit, this thing was going over 20,000 miles an hour its probably more like 100,000 or more”. 

The light moved in a perfectly flat line and straight as an arrow, it stopped and stayed in one spot for about two minuets. Then it dropped down to the right which looked to be about a foot in the sky and then flipped in an arc and shot straight up in a curved angle and it was gone. What was strange was the image was seen then a dark spot where it was gone, seen and then another dark spot and it was gone. This happened about five times with each image getting closer to the other until it disappeared. I remember it well because it was my first hunting trip on opening weekend. It is the third week in September in the state of California. My position was close to a town named OMO Ranch in the Sierra Mountains.

Since then I have bought telescopes and cruised the night sky looking at stars, the milkyway the moon and quick glimpses of satellites. I know for a fact this was none of these and all three of us saw the exact same thing. I was raised in a Christian home and my mother accused us of trying to play a trick on her because aliens don’t exist, period, end of story. My pastor agreed with my mom. He didn’t want to let me pass catechism because according to him, a person that believes in aliens can’t believe that God truly created the heavens and earth and is the only true omnipotent being. Ya right. I didn’t see little green men but I did see something that was not USAF or NASA that night, I’m sure. The speed that this thing flipped and took off would have crushed you inside the ship.

I am to this date of sound mind. I have finally decided that enough is enough, I have nothing better to do because of the corona lock down. I am 62, retired and I don’t care who thinks what of me anymore. My wife is of sound mind too.

We were both employed with the State of California. She worked in the governor’s office interpreting legislative bills for the governor and later headed up an agency for the State from which she retired. I worked for the California State Department of Motor Vehicles interpreting DUI laws for our legal department, the court and the governor’s office. I appeared in court in an official capacity to provide information and clarification of requirements according to the law for DUI and residency. I also worked on programming of COBOL systems making sure proper actions were taken by the court system in the DMV database when updating driver records and confirming the data was correct.

Besides what happened when I was a kid, nothing else has taken place to my knowledge until these photos. On this vacation, we took over 2,500 photos. These are the only ones that show anything. I have reviewed all my photos ever since I got my first Olympus digital camera probably in 1995 and could not find anything like this anywhere. It boggles the mind.

I know you have equipment far superior to my computer to enhance the photos and might get a better idea of what this is. Please include me in the loop. I really would like to know what you think. You can call or email no problem. We are the originators of the photos and they are only in our possession. We release any and all ownership to you for your usage in any way shape or form as you see fit so long as it is not used to deceive. The truth is more important to us than money.

Image 2888 is included for your enjoyment. A grasshopper landed on the windshield and this is what I saw. I couldn’t resist. We had just seen the largest sculpture of a Buffalo in the world in North Dakota a week earlier and I thought why not. Proof that not everything is always bigger in Texas.

Thanks for your time and good luck in your endeavors.
