{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-02 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4187,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5525180.json","updb_database_id":5525180}
Brilliant White light that changed into Green & Red lights, and also changed shape, along with tails on both sides that resembled a Comet.

Hello, my name is (name moved FI Box) cms 10/10/11 06:34 cst flg. I live in Kyle (Hays County) right outside of Austin. I believe that I witnessed either an Astrological Event or a UFO on August 2, 2011. The following is what I saw. On August 1, 2011 I decided to stay up past midnight, thus becoming August 2nd. At about 3:45 AM I decided to let the dogs out for the night, and usually I enjoy looking up at the night sky and seeing the stars since it's very dark out in the country. Well, as I was about to go in I noticed a very brilliant white light. At first, I thought it was just a star, but as I looked closer, this star was very bright. It was so bright it even appeared to have tails coming from it. In all the times I've been outside and looked up at the night sky, I've never seen such a sight. Something was strange about this light. It didn't move. It was just stationary. So, I decided to go in and grab my video camera and start recording. Unfortunely, what I recorded isn't exactly what I saw with my own eyes. Please let me explain what I saw with my own eyes and Binoculars. With my eyes, It was this intense bright white light and on the left side of it had a tail or point (like a Comet). The tail went went from a soft blue to a white. Sometimes it even seemed to have tails on both sides of the object. Then after a minute or two, the white light would reduce and change into two separate colors Green & Red, and then aftera minute the light grew in size back into white. I know what you're probably thinking. Airplane. Where I live, there are always airplanes flying over. The airplanes always moved across the sky and keep going. I stayed out in the back yard and looked at this object from 3:45 AM to 5 AM. It never moved. Not one bit. Also, I looked with my binoclulars, which are a little crappy, but I still used them. With the Binoculars this object was definitely changing colors and even changing shapes. I even did my own testing the following night at about 12:30 AM to see if I could see it again because at first, I thought it was a comet, but it never moved like a comet. Also, I tried to film other stars with the video camera but never showed up on the video. Does this mean that it wasn't a star? I honestly don't. I was hoping that you could investigate this. I just wondering if this was just acommon astrological event, or star that I've never seen, or something else. Within this email are some attachment of concept painting I did. I did this in Photoshop. The night sky was just a picture reference used to depict the night. I painted in the object I saw. There were about 3 stages it went through, and after the 3rd stage it would revert back to the first. Also, here is the youtube link to my video. In advance, I'm sorry about the shakyness of the camera. To get a good shot, I had to hold it over my head which caused my arms to sway a little, and also I kind of run at the mouth about the decription. I just wanted to give as much information as possible, to whoever was watching the video. Thank you for your time & attention.

Here's the Youtube Video
(link moved to FI box) cms 10/10/11 06:35 cst flg
