{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-07-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36414","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2924,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5520180.json","updb_database_id":5520180}
back asleep. There it was right in front of us.

We were driving home from Dallas. We saw a bright light above highway.Just knew and the way we looked at each other, we all just knew. Bright oval light hovering over highway in front of us about 1 mile. Delton slowed and stopped and we just looked at each other. We thought Steve was asleep tDelton was driving.I was half asleep passenger.Steve we thought in hen saw him peering through the bucket seats. Then he said, " oh yea, I see it ". Then in a blink it was gone to the south in darkness. We dove forward for about 1 mile and stopped again. We all got out and I remember walking into desert for short distance, then said lets go. Stopped in Quartite for gas and goodies and we noticed it was close to 5 am. Where did the time go ? Just remember being wide awake all the way back to L.A. I have told this story to many, many people over the years. It seems weird, but I know things are going to happen before they happen.( Like visions ) Sometimes years before. Have lots of da-ja-vu. I knew I would end up living in Az for some reason. Moved here in 1972 for 18 yrs. Move away and moved back as this seems like home, not L.A. where I grew-up and not Illinois where I was born and lived til almost 7, then moved to L.A. until got out of high school. I kind of forgot about the incident for about 3 yrs. I Had moved to Mesa,Az, and I was driving to see family in L.A, on hwy 60 east of Wickenburg and all of a sudden it all came back to me when I got to that spot on the road. I learned it is the Harqualala Mts to the south of the highway where we saw the UFO disappear. I remember it like it was Yesterday. Maby Delton Helm (Think he might be about 65,70 by now) still lives in the San Fernando Valley,Calif. And Steve was his friend so I never kept track of him. Saw Delton Once in 1972 just before I moved to Mesa, Az. My 1st child, Troy was born 7/7/71 in the same hospital I was born in, in Mendota, Ill.Even though I grew up in Calif and I only went back to Ill. to visit relatives after high school. He was born and I knew I had to leave there, but not move back to L. Ended up in Mesa, Az for those 18 years and then Moved back to L.A. for about 12 years and then moved back to Ill. to help my son and now we are both back in Mesa, Az along with my second child, Tera Jo
