{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-01 21:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76755","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5483180.json","updb_database_id":5483180}
{dr}Bright Red Light, stationary in sky, dropped and stopped, then continuous drop until out of site.

Went out front, noticed very big red light in sky, holding position. Thought it might be a rocket launch, but it was holding position, hover. It then dropped perhaps 500 feet, then stopped. Grabbed binoculars. Craft began a fast descent, about 4000 feet per minute. Went out of site behind trees. About 3 to 5 miles from my position at 75th ave and the 101 loop in North Phoenix.

In the binoculars, this had two large red lights, size of pie pans, and tiny nav light on right, green, but it was blinking fast, like a very fast strobe. The width between the bright red lights was the width of a car, about 3 to 4 feet, very large for lights, very bright, like brake lights 'on'.

About 2 minutes later, a helicopter is coming at my exact direction which is inline with Deer Valley airport and we have a hospital between me and the approaching helo. I thought I could hear rotor blades. It suddenly stops, and I dont know how it could stop. It dropped, held position, then it went down like a rock, about 5,000 FPM. What I thought in my mind was, its rotors might have to brake off to go down that fast, or it was nosing down at 45 degrees, but my vision told me it was holding still, no movement. Before, I could see it was coming at me at fast speed, then stopped. Also, it appeared to have 2 white lights that came on before it fast dropped. Lights were dim, maybe pointing downwards and I was seeing their edge.

These were over Sun City just North of Union Hills by one mile.

I have never seen two red bright lights on the back of a helo or a plane. These were also quite bright.

I am a former student pilot, lots of flying time, and I traffic spot the planes, so this was very odd to see. I also watch the planets and have basic astronomy. So I can tell you, what I saw was radical.

The two both exhibited a 'very fast' descent. They both could hover and both could go straight down. This 'should' be difficult for a helo if the rotor disc is flat, as it causes drag coming straight down. The helo would have to have blades that aimed downwards in pitch to actually force itself down at that speed, if that is possible. 

What I thought at first was that I was seeing the back of a air ambulance helo, going into a crash status, engines out, auto-rotation. Then another helo coming at me, two lights come on, it stops, then also drops at high speed. Very odd.
