{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-04 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121287","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2201,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5282180.json","updb_database_id":5282180}
3 lights hovering over my house

It’s was 4th of July a few years ago. I was pregnant with my 3rd son who was due very soon. I was loading my older 2 boys into the car so we could watch fireworks on the lake. All of a sudden, I looked up and right above our house (right above the trees), I saw 3 lights in a triangle shape coming over our house in the slowest motion that I have ever seen anything move ever. It almost looked transparent like... Then, it stopped and started hovering right above our house. I grabbed my oldest son and said look at those lights! He and I watched from outside of my car while my other son was in his car seat. It stopped above my house and it started pulsating and it spun in a circle a couple of times, it was anywhere from 5-10 mins of it staying stationary, spinning, and pulsating just randomly. Then, I went to grab my phone to take a video, and my phone had died all of a sudden when it was just fully charged. I thought that it was pretty weird. After that, it just shot off with incredible speed and no sound whatsoever. We both looked at each other and said it was UFO. You couldn’t hear anything. It was like everything had gone mute while it was above our house except for a low humming type sound. My dog was barking and going crazy, he barks at cars a lot, but this was different, he was acting like something was hurting his ears and he was just not acting like his normal self. Ever since then, we continue to look for more UFOs. Whether or not it was a real UFO, or something else, we definitely know what we saw and strongly believe what we saw was a UFO.
