{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-15 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119245","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2997,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5284180.json","updb_database_id":5284180}
5-6 crafts moving W to E, disappearing, then reappearing W. disk shaped, 3 lights, intense physical and emotional responses.

For about 2 hours before hand, I had an intense feeling that something bad was going to happen, that there was a very strange energy and I was fearful. I texted my wife and even called a friend to tell them what I was experiencing. It felt like a panic attack. soon after my wife arrived home and I was still feeling this way. I tried laying down but felt like I had to look outside.

I went to the window, looked out and saw multiple crafts floating just above the trees. They were floating west to east, disappeared and then reappeared to the west. I was transfixed and couldn't believe my eyes. I soon had a feeling of euphoria and duty to go outside. I've had many paranormal experiences but have never had a physical reaction or have had crafts make themselves known to me. After about 10 minutes I realized I should take a video. I went to grab my phone and went back outside. When I returned outside there was only one craft left. I got the craft on video with my cellphone and it immediately disappeared. I looked at the video- the back light seemed to be cutting in and out.. but it was going behind the trees. in areas where there were no trees I could clearly see it was not blinking. 

I then began to feel extremely happy and grateful for the experience. From what I can tell and from the energy I was feeling after, they were not harmful and they wanted to confirm my suspicion that they exist.  

I then went back inside and kept looking to see if they came back. Nothing appeared. 

The next night I decided to keep looking to see if they reappeared. I saw what was clearly a commercial aircraft and decided to take a video to see how they compare. The two are very different. The airplane does have 3 lights, one was blinking and one was a different color and made noise . The objects I saw the night before on the 16th seemed to have a soft hum, moved in a specific pattern which they repeated and had 3 solid white lights. One even stopped and turned on a dime back to the east and disappeared. 

Today I went to the doctor to get a full blood work up.
