{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-18 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48229","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3124,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5510180.json","updb_database_id":5510180}
{dr}Four UFOs in 12 minutes plus random sparking lights in Sky

I was at home and went out to my front porch to smoke after a 1 1/2 hr. nap. The sky was very clear as it had rained earlier and all the stars were out. Im a stargazer and in Seattle the opportunities to gaze are fewer. I was orienting myself to the 3:00 am sky from how I saw it earlier. I was facing West over the top of my house. I saw several random spark-like flashes in the sky. I have previously seen high flying jets which had intermittent strobe flashes, but there were no jets in this case. I also saw what looked like the whole sky flashing as if there were lightning storms out of sight, but where I was, there were no clouds.
I stared at what I thought was a planet about 10 degrees above my chimney, Jupiter like in size..thinking what planet is that? After 3 or 4 seconds it suddenly took off heading South. I was astonished! As I followed it, it slowed way down, almost stopping, changed direction upward, then became dimmer star-like, and continued South. Watching it change directions gave me a rush of goosebumps. I was able to follow it visually for close to 15 seconds, until I lost sight behind trees, While I was watching it, I became awared of a bright, (again what I thought was a planet, light through holes in the tree foilage in my left peripheral vision. After losing sight of the first object, I trained my attention to this object only to realize that it was also moving, and going toward the one I had just lost sight of. It was travelling East to West, and just like the first one, it was Jupiter-like in size. I ran out into my yard to keep it in view. After 4 or 5 seconds, it went from bright to dim, and continued West, being in view for aprox 12 seconds. I went in to note the time and grab my binoculars. 

I stood out in the yard watching. The Big Dipper was low in the NW sky
Suddenly I saw a bright flash South of the Big Dipper and saw an obect travelling North toward the Dipper. I saw another like object coming toward it at an angle very fast, then slowing and matching the first ones speed and direction. When the second one slowed down it emitted a brilliant red-orange flash. They travelled along and then through the stars making up the handle of the Big Dipper. I watched for some 25 seconds with binoculars until they both dimmed out of sight due to distance. I saw a number, maybe 4 o 5 random spark-like flashes in the sky, and called it quits when clouds began to move in. The sky was lightening towards the dawn.
