{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-13 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26354","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3442,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5529180.json","updb_database_id":5529180}
Definitely not a ballon or kite, abnormal movement

Cooking breakfast around 6:30am (Philippine time), suddenly a round (dark silver ball like object) grayish object showed up from the balcony. Can't estimate how high the thing is due to I have no knowledge how to calculate heights.Pigeons passed by between me and the steadily floating thing. After 3-4 minutes it moved slowly to the right then went back to where I first seen it. I then searched for my digital camera and took a few photos of the object. After about 5 more minutes, still it was there. then suddenly it slowly moved vertically downwards and then stopped. I then went to the 5th floor (roof-top basketball court) and observed it. The thing slowly moved upwards (not vertically upwards) but with a right slant towards a nearby city clouds where an obvious rain fall is happening. The movement of the object is directed to go behind the dark clouds of the nearby city rain. After about 3 more minutes, the object was already about to be behind the dark rain clouds. My digicam can no longer distinguish it due to low-res limitations but still I could visually see it going behind the dark clouds in a circular path, like doing a round right turn. The entire incident was about 15-20 minutes till it disappeared behind the dark rain cloud. To me, it wasn't a kite, baloon, or anything that i've seen before...it was something definitely unknown to me or have ever seen before.

Nov. 2, 2010, while browsing the Internet for whatever will interest me. I came across a news report via Yahoo that there were recent sighting of UFO in New York in Oct. 29, 2010; which also reported that the mysterious objects seen in NY were only balloons. I then asked my wife to check the date of my digicam photos of the strange object. Our digicam recorded me taking the photos on an Oct. 13, 2010 day. Further browsing of the matter led me to a certain former US airforce pilot (I think) predicated an Oct. 13, 2010 global display of UFOs...etc. To me, was my sighting coincidence or what? Was it a UFO? What can it be?

Below this page is a "Witness Election" option...am not sure which to select between the 2 options. My privacy is important to me so I think I'd rather select the "I do not agree" option but i'm willing to share my experience ONLY TO MUFON. This is because as per "History Channel", MUFON is the largest and most credible group that deals with such matters.

I hope this (my report to you) could help your group about strange things being witnessed by people around the world.
