{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-18 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514180","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3043,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/180/mufon-5514180.json","updb_database_id":5514180}
Object Appeared, Dissapeared, Showed Up Again about 200f nearer in my direction, dematerialised again

1. 

I was sitting at work on my desk in my office on the 3rd and last floor of the building it was between 1:15 and 1:30 am in the Morning.

2. 

I first noticed the object from the corner of my eyes. Then I looked up from my desk to observe.

The Object was in the ditance and it was a to short period of time to grasp what it was.

What caught my attention was that the light just "zipped" out of the visual spectrum and just disappeared.

3.

So I fixed the spot with my eyes In case the object would show up again.

And "zip" it was there again. at the same altitude but about 400 feet closer in my direction at that time about 150 ft away. (10 to 20 meters)

I ruled out all possibilities fast in my brain - including. silvester-rockets and flying toys like helicopters and "drones" while watching the Objects movement.

4.

The Object appeared like a Big Purple/Dark-Pink Orb with to small Blue-Orbs attached to its side.
That made it look like the 3d-rendering of attached molecules.

The main-center-object was bizzy moving up and down in in a "distressed" way over an altitude about 10 ft (1 meter) up and down.

The blue Side-Orbs seemed to be attached to the Object. They where also moving equally up and down on the Objects Surface.

5.

My first thought feeling was - Kids are playing with Silvester-Rockets or letting "Drones" And Toy-Helis fly.

But as fast at this thought came in my mind it was ruled out by my brain and I started to have an strange feeling cause I realized I was seeing omething I don't know and cannot explain.

The Object was definitely real cause it reflected light on the rooftop of the house infront of me and was also illuminating the trees behind. So it was there!

6.

The Object just disappeared within the blink of an eye as fast as it appeared.
It wasn't moving away in any direction - it was just "zip" - gone.

I thought I am gonna report this. Maybe there are some equal orb-sightings that where similar in appearance.

Last but not least, excuse my spelling and grammar as I am not a native English speaker.

Best Regards,
J.
