{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-03 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487492","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72169","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2965,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/492/mufon-5487492.json","updb_database_id":5487492}
{dr}V shaped aircraft, no lights, no sounds, flying directly overhead.

At 10:10pm EST, Tuesday, November 3, 2015, I was standing in my driveway looking up to the sky in the NW direction. I was in my driveway looking to the sky to see the Aurora Borealis that forecast to possibly be seen in NE Ohio between 10pm EST and 2am EST.

Now understand something. I do not drink alcohol or take drugs. I am of sound mind and body. I do not partake in wild fantasies. However, I am fascinated with sitting outside at night and gazing at the stars which I do quite frequently. I also spot satellites and meteorites regularly and I obviously know what they look like. I have a great working knowledge of what is in the night sky on a 'nightly' basis.

On this particular Tuesday night, I just happened to be looking in the right place at the right time. I was looking to the NW sky. As I was looking up I saw something moving in the night sky. I immediately yelled to my wife and 28 year old son and pointed up to the sky, "WHAT IS THAT?"

They never saw it, but I saw it as clear as crystal. I have excellent night vision and I had been outside for almost ten minutes so my eyes had adjusted fairly well to the dark conditions. (My wife has night blindness.) 

A v-shaped aircraft flying in a straight line, NW to SE. There was absolutely no sound. There were no lights, but I could tell that the lights from the ground were reflecting off of the object. It was grey/metallic in color, with several black circles on each 'wing'.

From the time I first spotted it until it disappeared was less than a minute.

For as long as I remember I have taken an occasion to look to the stars. I walk out every night that it is possible to watch the ISS fly overhead. I am not given to jumping to conclusions, nor to letting my imagination or emotions get the best of me.

However, all that being said, on the night of November 3, 2015 @ 10:10pm, I saw something flying in the sky directly over my head. After checking into military stealth aircraft possibilities and/or drone possibilites, I have come to one conclusion: what I saw was highly top secret or not of this Earth.

I made a drawing of the object right away on my computer.

I hope you can tell me what this is.
