{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-19 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454492","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107124","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6909,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/492/mufon-5454492.json","updb_database_id":5454492}
My son remembers everything that happened, we both have triangle cuts on cheek and arms

.On March 17th, my oldest son woke up with a triangular cut on the right side of his face that he did not have before going to bed. I took a picture of the cut because he has had the same types of cuts on other occasions (which I have also taken pictures of). At the dinner table that night, out of the blue and very matter of factly, he started talking about the aliens and being in the space ship and another planet. He talked about all the colours and started listing a bunch of colours off. He mentioned something about a chair (but I can’t recall the exact detail he mentioned regarding it). He caught me off guard when he said “don’t you remember mom?”, as if I was there. 

During our mom-son down time that night, I took it as an opportunity to talk to him more about it. I asked him if he could tell me more about what he told me at the dinner table and started asking him some questions. He told me there were 5 aliens, he started counting them on his hand. He said that there was big ones and little ones. I asked him if the little ones were kids or grown ups, he told me they were grown ups. I asked him if they hurt him and he said no. I asked him what they said to him, but he didn’t answer me specifically. I asked him what planet but he didn’t answer me, but then he told me they came from the forrest through the snow to get here (we had snow on that date and we have a wooded area not far from our community). Then I asked him if he could tell me what the aliens looked like and he opened his mouth and turned his head to the right side towards his shoulder. When he did that, I became instantly freaked as I’m certain I’ve read somewhere about that being a specific alien trait thats done during communication. 

On March 18th, he woke up again with a second cut on the right side of his face. It was the same type of triangular cut as the day before only more vertical, so I took a picture of it. We were at the table colouring that morning and I took it as another opportunity to talk to him more and see he if he could draw what the aliens looked like. I asked him if he could tell me about the aliens and just as he did the previous night he opened his mouth and tilted his head toward his right shoulder. He told me that they made a mistake (I assume the reason for the second visit). He said they turned the light on for him so that he wouldn’t be scared, which he is scared of the dark so I have a star projector that is a night light and doubles as a sound machine to calm him and help him sleep peacefully. He then talked about a birthday party, and mentioned “kids” there and “cake”. At that point, I started drawing a flower and got him to start drawing what the aliens looked like. I asked about what kind of hair they had (length and colour) but quickly realized i asked a leading question. However, he answered and told me they had “black hairs” and used the word “giant” when I asked if they were tall or short. I asked him if they had come into the house but he didn’t specifically answer me. Again, I asked him what the aliens said to him and he didn’t say anything. Then he said “I’m done talking now”, so the conversation ended there and nothing more has been said.

During our conversation, he drew the alien twice as he started scribbling over the first finished drawing. I wanted to keep it so I got him to draw it again, but he didn’t quite finish the 2nd drawing because he said he was done talking and drawing at that point. He started drawing it stick figure-like and drew and round head with two antennas and two round eyes. He said it was a helmet and he coloured in their eyes.

Later that evening, I happen to see more marks on him. There was a long rectangular cut mark and next to it was 7 puncture marks in a circular shape on his left arm. I didn’t see these marks on him until later in the day after I had the conversation with him.

March 19th, after bathing and getting my kids ready for bed. I noticed what appeared to be a bruise on my younger son’s ear. I couldn’t see it good enough to know if it was truly a bruise or weird shadowing when I looked at it and tried to get a picture of it. I’m not sure the relevance to these experiences at all. 

On March 20th, I was in bed half between awake and sleep, all of a sudden around 11:30pm I felt a very quick, sharp painful prick on the pad of my middle finger on my left hand. It startled me awake. I shot up in bed, grabbed my cell phone that was on my night stand and turned it on to use the light to look at my finger. I expected to see an obvious mark or blood, but when I put my phone light to my finger there was nothing there even though I could still sense the prick feeling. The quick puncture reminded me of the way diabetics prick their fingers to check their blood sugars. I was puzzled at what I just felt, but laid down and went back to sleep. My husband heard none of my commotion regarding my being startled awake nor heard my sudden exclaimed reaction. 

March 21th, I was sitting on the couch on my phone that afternoon when I noticed a dot on my left middle finger. Upon looking at it, I noticed it was reddish in colour, felt like a bump under the skin and it had a fresh broken skin feeling to it. It was in that exact moment that I had remembered being poked with something very sharp the night before. So I took a picture of it.

On March 22nd, my oldest son woke up with a third cut triangular his face but it appeared on the left side of his face this time. The cut had the same precision of lines as the other 2 cuts so I took some pics of it, but didn’t want to keep talking about it with my son so I didn’t question him about it again unless he mentioned something to me.

On March 24th, I noticed blood on my son’s pillow case and upon taking the pillow case off saw that the blood went through his pillow case onto the pillow. Took pictures. Not sure what event the blood was from but it was there.

The details my son recalled happened during were 3 separate events over a two day period. Over the past few years we have had experiences and/or marks, bruises, puncture marks upon waking up that are unexplainable.
