{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-02 12:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480492","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2506,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/492/mufon-5480492.json","updb_database_id":5480492}
{nd} Very straight lined triangle between clouds

Walked out in yard with dog in rural eastern Colorado, some light rain clouds were moving into area with a layer of puffy dark rain clouds above but thinner whitish clouds below when I noticed a dark grey almost black Triangle object in sky between these two layers of clouds. It stayed in same spot as the clouds were moving below and above it in two different directions, but the Triangle stayed in the same exact spot for about 3 minutes then slowly faded away like the upper rain cloud had moved closer and swallowed up.
 The object I saw looked kind of like the shape of a Star Wars Star Destroyer I think they are called but with no detail of course at all on ship just smooth dark and sharp Perfect Lines.
 I know one thing, it wasn't a plane, wasn't a balloon, wasn't a helicopter and wasn't a drone. I won't say it was a UFO, but it looked DESIGNED, Big Time.
 Interesting is after filling out forms and seeing a "Power lines near" check box on Mufon form, it was in fact hovering maybe 2,000-3,000 feet above some interstate transmission lines and right near a highway and a massive chunk of cattle grazing land. If any cows are butchered out there, I sure want a Steak from it!
 The strange thing IS....It Blended back into the cloud like it saw me looking at it. Like really slyly covered up by a cloud to disappear subtly.
 My personal belief is, Alien life, if it does exist, could come from other worlds, Be mistaken for Demons Devils and Gods, or maybe its our future offspring time traveling.
 All I know is, Clouds don't make straight edge SYMMETRICAL on two sides Triangles that stay for that long as clouds are moving in breeze.

 And No, I am not a UFO Geek and have never reported before.
 Ruth is Out There!
