{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-23 14:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460492","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/492/mufon-5460492.json","updb_database_id":5460492}
cigar shaped object moving about, then hovering ,then disc appears

it was the first completely clear sky of the new year, brilliant blue with bright sunshine.
I was standing just under the car port looking straight up with my sunglasses on so i could see properly ,when i noticed what looked like a jet fighter fuselage but could not see wings, i assumed this was because it was so high.
Then the fuselage type object was moving north east but very slowly.
there was a commercial airliner moving in roughly the same direction but looked as tho the airliner was at possibly maximum height for an airliner which i think is 35 000ft
and the fuselage shaped object looked at least 10 000ft lower .
Suddenly the fuselage shaped object moved toward the airliner on an intercept course and then swerved away in a way u turn which looked to tight for our new jet fighters in England.
At this point i realised that i could see the wings perfectly on the airliner but not at all on the fuselage type object so i would describe it more like a cigar or tube shaped object .
the cigar shaped object then moved back to its original position and then something happened that i well never forget.
a massive saucer shaped object appeared directly over the much smaller cigar object, very close to it indeed.
Then the cigar shaped object seemed to just disappear .
Then a few seconds later and the saucer shaped craft assended so fast it just faded into the blue sky as it went higher and faster than any known object i have ever heard of of seen before .
I realised just how big it was as when it went up out of sight into the blue sky it was still massive when it went too high to see,as tho it went almost into outer space in a few seconds
