{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-04 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286693","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116689","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/693/mufon-5286693.json","updb_database_id":5286693}
Distant Light nestled in post-storm clouds, shape-shifting, soft red beam of light

From my back patio while smoking a cigarette I noticed an abnormally radiant light distant in the sky to the west (towards the more rural hills relatively speaking, I live on the edge of a small town). It seemed more luminous than what you'd expect from a nearby planet. I thought maybe it was a plane. I noticed some sort of red and blue lights, blinking but almost asynchronously? Granted it was late and distant so it wasn't easy fixating on it. 

It seemed to hover slowly and deliberately hover in a small area across the sky. 5 or so minutes into watching it moved left from right and sort of bobbed like it was in water and someone splashed the bathwater. Not a violent movement but far from smooth and needed settling. This happened once. There was one other small erratic movement later in the sighting.

I saw a dark, faint reddish beam of light for maybe 3 to 5 seconds scan towards the south (the item is to my west) it wasn't a scan as in a movement but the light belt focused. It fanned into a bit of a code rather than a narrow beam, but it was hard to see precisely and the light was certainly against the dark post-storm clouds

Next; this is what made me feel this to be something more. This light did not become obfuscated once by the thick rolling clouds. It appeared to be within them and the light it emitted could be clearly seen bouncing off the clouds around it, this light looked cozy like a mouse in a blanket to see speak. It 

And through this i watched, what I believe to be a sort of changing of shapes. This is the most intricate part so I apologize if my explanation is lacking. I admittedly was in a bit of wonder during. 

1. The ball of light, mainly red with tangents of white-pure-blue here and there - sort of fans at creating a downward crescent that's been stepped on. Like an egg but the lights waiveriness make it seem like a disc.

2. Twice atleast, within this disc-ish light appeared a solid black circle. Circumference at absolute max was MAYBE over the tip of where the light began on either side. 

3. 2 to 4 times through seemed to transition the light into a foggier aura that dismayed a triangle. The base would be mound of where the small light / black circle was before. The triangle was terrifying and felt responsive. It the reason I went inside after 3 cigarettes in a hf hour.

Tried to film on my android but no luck.
