{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-20 23:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504693","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54193","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/693/mufon-5504693.json","updb_database_id":5504693}
{rjl} Fireball type object flying straight-line path

I was standing on my porch looking toward the northern sky - habit because I work at an airport in that direction; I know what type of aircraft are in the skies in and around this area.
I witnessed a fireball orb - at first I thought it should be falling because the "flames" were above the object as one would see a meteor tail following the meteor. However, the fireball orb was moving in a straight-line path with the "flames" proceeding it. The light from it did do illuminate it's path; no halo or other indication that the light was beaming from it.
I had my cell phone in my hands and started to tape it with my camera; did come out too clear because the night sky was dark, only saw a white orb on the video.
The fireball orb proceeded in a straight line toward the southwest, I followed it with my camera while walking west on the sidewalk. My camera battery died soon after; only got about a minute and 1/2 of video.
There are large trees on the street adjacent to mine and the orb past over them - I thought I was going to lose sight so I decided to cross the street for a better view - a car was coming so I trotted across to the next corner. After the car had pasted I looked over toward where I last saw the object. I couldn't see it because of the large two story building on the corner. I moved into the street to see if I could see it between the trees and the building. I could and it seemed stationary at that point. Something caught my eye and I turned toward the west, down the street, and saw another object of the same description stationary in the sky about the same attitude. As I watched the second object it dimmed and disappeared. I turned to the first object and saw that it was still in the same location. Within 3-4 seconds it dimmed and disappeared from my sight in the same manner as the first.
I live in an area that has a lot of air traffic and as mentioned above I am very familiar with the type of aircraft and the paths that they take.
These two objects were not anything that resembled planes, helicopters, blimps, kites, flares, comets, meteors etc.
Very bizarre indeed.
