{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-05 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466693","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2192,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/693/mufon-5466693.json","updb_database_id":5466693}
I saw 2. Cloudy. Saw in N distant moving light in distance, but not plane. Suddenly disappeared. Then huge orb appeared to the W under clouds quite fast. Suddenly disappeared.

It was a still night with uniform cloud cover and for some reason I was drawn to the window. 

There were bats flying around in front of the window and I began watching them. Then I noticed in the distance a moving light which wasn't a plane. Travelled R to L in sky. I wondered if it were a satellite, but strangely it just abruptly disappeared. Then I saw a plane with the usual flashing lights following a similar path. I have seen ufos before, which look like a moving star, but suddenly change direction and shoot up out of the atmosphere. I think it may have been one. In fact I was certain it was as it was near a few flight paths but like a moving star which disappeared suddenly.

The next one was definitely a UFO. I couldn't see anything other than a round very bright object. As soon as I saw the other one, I saw to the left of me in the sky a huge bright orb of light appeared out of nowhere. No trail. Moving pretty fast across the sky, in a NE direction. It travelled at a pace and then suddenly disappeared. No residue or sign of having been there. It was under cloud. The cloud cover was relatively high up but evenly spread and began to lift after that and half an hour to an hour later, I could see some stars. There were none visible when I saw the ufos. 

I have seen comets before go over and they have tails. This one was yellow white, very bright and moving with purpose and no tail whatsoever.
