{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490693","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2632,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/693/mufon-5490693.json","updb_database_id":5490693}
Watching shooting stars with husband over sea from hotel.

husband and myself watching shooting star from balcony of jandia princes hotel on fuerteventura, Canary islands in Spain. It was a very clear sky, our room overlooked the sea in the direction of Morocco. No ships at sea and no lights coming from the hotel to hinder our unblocked view. The sea filled about 1/3 of our view, the rest was clear sky. There was a moon out, we could clearly see an airplane pasing over and occassional shooting stars. I am used to watch shooting stars, as i used to watch them anually at my late brothers house in Germany. (Its very dark there).
My husband was amazed, he had never seen so many stars before and in awe with their beauty. We saw an occassional shooting star (about 5-8 in total) when we sat on our balcony, for about 30 minuts to an hour. We were on the top floor of the building.

All of a sudden, a rather bright star that had been stationary right in front of us, about 45 degrees above the horizon, the whole 30 minuts that we were watching, shot away up and to the right, with a tail, looking like a shooting star, that fast, but going "the wrong way": up in stead of down. 
As it was above sea, we have no idea how close it was. it could have been a small object closeby or a large object far away. there were airplanes passing by every now and then (not many) so a pilot must have noticed this.
My husband and I were perplexed and looked at eachother not wanting to believe what we just saw. I said "did you see that???" he said that he did. I said "shooting stars do not go UP, don't they? I thought that was just a star but it went UP! WTF?" Husband agreed shooting stars do not go up and that he too thought it was just another star before it suddenly shot off up to the right, but didn't want to talk about it anymore. We went inside immediately. He didnt want to watch shooting stars again after that, nor can I bring up the subject. i'm 51. I have never seen something like that. Nor me or my husband use any alcohol or drugs.
