{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-24 20:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476693","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83537","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/693/mufon-5476693.json","updb_database_id":5476693}
{dr}Saw 3 horizontal large bright lights approaching head on from west. Object turned to north but lights didn't pivot when changed direction. No flashing lights observed.

My son and I were driving into Laredo, TX, on highway 59 about 8:15pm. We noticed 3 large bright white horizontal lights in the distance when we were around the rest area outside Laredo on 59. The lights were in a straight line and not offset slightly in relation to each other. The object was traveling due east towards us. I told my son to look at it as it had no red or white flashing lights that would indicate some type of aircraft. I told him it looked like a UFO. As we passed the firing range on the outskirts of Laredo it appeared to be fixing to fly over us. It was very large and I thought I was going to get a good look at it. I told my son to video tape it. He started video taping the object. It made a turn towards the North and flew over the highway as it descended towards the lake and passed over a fair ground off the highway. As it turned to the North you would expect the lights to pivot as the object changed direction, but the lights remained in a horizontal line and did not change position as the object changed direction. We lost sight of it after it descended out of sight over the buildings and trees about 8:25pm. There is an airport in Laredo about 2 to 3 miles to the west of where we spotted the object, but it was too low to be making an approach or circling around towards the airport and none of the runways line up with an approach from this direction. The 3 white lights never flashed and were almost blinding they were so bright. They were as bright as a light plant on a well sight. We did not hear any sound whatsoever. We were both convinced we had seen a UFO. My girlfriend's brother has lived in Laredo all his life and worked at the airport before. We showed the video to him, and he stated that he had never seen anything like that before around the area. He stated that it was not an airplane or helicopter. I tried matching up the light pattern with known aircraft both commercial and military and couldn't find a match.
