{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451693","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109953","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4321,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/693/mufon-5451693.json","updb_database_id":5451693}
Bright red point of light observed hovering in one spot for about 1 minute then turned white to green and slowly moved away then quickley disapeared

It was around 10:30pm on the 4th of July,2020. I had friends and family over for BBQ celebration during the day. We just finished a legal fireworks display in my driveway, mostly fountain type explosives that are sold in the supermatkets. I was setting up a camp fire in my backyard to roast marshmallows and was having trouble getting the fire started. There were 13 of us all together, 2 younger children and the rest of us ages ranging from 17 to 56 years of age. While I was trying to get the fire started, my neighbor who was sitting in the circle surrounding the fire pit pointed out a red light that seemed to be hovering in the sky above her house next door. It then dissapeared. I did not see the light when she first mentioned it, my back was facing her house at the time. Our parcels are 1 acre lots, so her house was about 100 feet or so behind me. A moment later, someone else pointed out that there was a light hovering in the sky, this time it was in the direction over her backyard. I turned around and saw it hovering up there. It appeared to be a single point of red light. It was very bright and ver clear, like an LED Brake light on a modern car. I said out loud" that is very unusual". This was in a piece of open sky, no trees, no power lines, no obstructions to confuse the view. I was not able to tell how high it was, or how close, it being a single point of light with nothing to compare it to, but it was at about 45 to 50 degrees above the horizon. It was absolutely stationary for almost a minute, then it quickly turned a little white and then green, and stayed green, the same intensity and brightness as the red, and as it turned colors, it started moving slowly to it's left and at a slight elevation, and it then picked up speed and moved off dissapearing from sight. we all started making comments that we may have witnessed a UFO, since we know it wasn't part of a conventional aircraft. Just then, my wife said , "I hate to say it, but it could have been a drone!" We all agreed, it could have been, and we all felt let down that it migth be. I did point out that it seemed to hover perfectly still, and we did not hear any noise coming from that direction, so it did leave open the possibility of being something else. We live in Dutchess county NY, we are about 15 miles outside of Poughkeepsie in a rural area that includes dairy farms and cattle ranches. There were fireworks going off most of the night, however there were none going off at the time of the sighting and none were seen in that direction. This was not part of any fireworks, unless they now make them so they can fly away when they want. During the day, there was a fly over conducted by the military over the Hudson Valley and NYC. The flight path went right over our home, and we were able to see a B1, B2 and B52 bombers all being escorted by F35 fighters. We did not know the fly over was supposed to take place and so we were surprised and delighted when we saw them go over, having circled around our area at least 3 times. This was about 5 hours prior to our sighting. I am an avaition enthusiast and can identify most aircraft. The point of light was not part of any aircraft, helicopter or otherwise, unless it was coming from some sort of drone flying at a high enough altitude that we could not hear it. I am willing to beleive the possibility of it being something as terrestrial as a drone, but I wanted to make this report just in case anyone else may have observed the same thing and maybe had a better view to discern it's attributes better than we could.
