{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-21 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492693","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3567,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/693/mufon-5492693.json","updb_database_id":5492693}
I made the pilgrimage for solstice laid down infront of the stones and gave myself up in mind and body. Was influenced to take photos.. captured craft invisible to naked eye and was rendered unconscious.

Been a true believer.. based on faith alone I split from my group, I opened my mind with extacy and symbolically laid myself down in front of the stones trying to concentrate waves of emotion through myself, through the crowd and through the stones focused upward. U could say I called them. Lookin back it feels i almost had to complete a ritual for the revelation, I had the faith, I recognised a picture of a certain constellation on my friends wall, brought it up.. spoke it aloud, then I made the pilgrimage, been in a happy place of course u r friendly and concerned with fellow pilgrims n inevitably do ur few Lil good deeds on the way, speaking with ppl who had lost their group, giving things u had brought to aid ur friends.. and then the laying down and opening my mind accumulated to what I can only describe as a genuine interaction and personal sighting because I had a sudden urge to photograph the stones, now it was 1.20am the morning of the solstice in one of the most ancient and holy sites in Britain, I took out my phone and started snapping, at first standing up with no flash and eventually laying on my belly arms outstretched, however it was soon clear the spotlights installed for the event lighting the stones was absorbing my camera flash and in fact my desired picture would not be possible but I didn't stop. It was if I was being made to do this. Nothing was visible to the naked eye, thousands of people seemingly unaware, I wasn't aware myself as I awoke invigorated with a strange feeling something weird had just happened, I took the last photo, ironically perfect as time had lapsed it was getting light and the spotlights were out.. I then checked my photos. I now know what happened, I don't know if they removed me briefly physically or just connected with my mind but I know I called them, they spoke to me and let me capture the moment on film. Please note.. The chosen mind altering and emotion enhancing drug would have prevented me from falling asleep naturally and I have no sign of physical contact... to say I wasn't hit unconscious. . Circumstances backed with my reel of pics I can send leave no doubt in my mind. Pps. Moon was a new moon, crescent that night.
