{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-13 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521693","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34539","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4029,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/693/mufon-5521693.json","updb_database_id":5521693}
Witnessed over 10 different lights in a clear NZ night sky at once, event lasted from 10pm-5am

While facing the eastern sky over the Bay of Islands in Kerikeri, NZ my friend and I were sitting in our car staring at the night sky. A bright orange orb/light appeared over the tree line low in the sky and suddenly turned on and off for about an hour. Eventually, this bright orange light began to move in fast and erratic directions just above the tree line for about five minutes. At one point it moved west, closer to us and its brightness intensified. Light radiated from the object and it even lit up the hillsides, less than a mile away with light. It then dimmed as it moved to its original position of about 2-3 miles away and then suddenly vanished. Shortly after, we noticed two white lights (the size of large stars) higher in the night sky, not too far apart, that began to move in unison with each other. They were teetering almost, as one moved up, the other moved down, and so forth like a see-saw. This happened for a couple hours and then the orange light from before appeared again above the tree line in its original position, directly below the centre of the two white lights. When the orange light appeared, the two lights in the sky stopped moving immediately. Then the orange light above the tree line ground vanished as if someone flicked a light switch, and the two white lights in the sky began moving in unison again. This happened repeatedly for about an hour. At one point when the orange light appeared and the white lights stopped, they all began to move in unison with each other, moving north and then south. The two white lights in the sky and the orange light above the tree line formed a perfect upside down triangle as they moved slowly in unison, always keeping the shape of an upside-down triangle as they moved. The orange light would then vanish and the two white lights returned to their prior movements. We began to scan the rest of the night sky, discovering 2 other pairs of lights, of the exact brightness and separated by the same distance, teetering identically to the first pair of white lights we saw. At this point, one pair of see-sawing lights could be seen in the east over the coast, another pair in the southern sky and another pair in the northern sky. Another object was also spotted with about 3 lights in the North Eastern sky, that seemed to be slightly rotating. Although it was very dark and these objects were high in the night sky, you were almost able to distinguish a shape that connected the different pair of lights. At this point, we saw 4 different sets of lights throughout the sky, all in motion. We witnessed these lights until we fell asleep around 4-5am. I tried taking a video of the moving lights but because of how dark it was, the lights cannot be seen in the video. With some sort of video enhancement software, I1m confident the video will render the lights if the image can be lightened. There was no rational explanation for these lights and their actions, so we made 2 police reports to the Auckland Police Department, who claimed to contact Kerikeri police. This was an unexplainable occurrence and my friend and I have never been so scared before in our lives. We considered leaving the area and driving inland at one point because of the lights in the sky.
