{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462261","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98732","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3772,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/261/mufon-5462261.json","updb_database_id":5462261}
{tjd} 1 UFO teardrop/silver/canopy AND 5 (large) white balls of light

My husband and I were outside in front of our house looking through his Williams optics 132 FLT telescope on our 25 acre ranch on September 21st, 2018 from 7:30 - 8:30 pm. We had looked at Jupiter before it set, Saturn, then Mars and far away Neptune, the Ring Nebulae, the Dumbbell Nebulae, plus the Hercules cluster. We noticed satellites, planes, and a drone coming from the south going north, watching us - possibly from Fort Huachuca as we briefly used lasers to point out things in the heavens to each other. 

At 8:00 my husband was wondering what else we could look at through the telescope. I started looking at the moon, (it was waxing toward full on Sept. 25th). Partial clouds crossed the moon and as I scanned the clouds near it, I saw a tear drop shaped craft that was white/silver on the top facing the moon and dark charcoal/blackish on the sides away from the moon. It had a canopy. I kept the binoculars on it and said excitedly, "J are you seeing this?!" Me describing that it was to the right bottom of the moon, and not taking my eyes off it.

J got his telescope on the moon and was trying to see the craft I saw, but didn't before it disappeared slowly like it was fading out into the clouds around it. J saw a large white ball of light and at first thought it was a satellite, but it didn't move properly for a satellite and was to big. 

I found the ball of white light in my binoculars, and we both decided it wasn't a satellite because it didn't move in the same quick continuous trajectory path. Then we both saw two balls of light, me using the binoculars and J, the telescope. 

I came over and looked in the telescope and another white ball of light came from the moon's direction. Now there was three in a triangular pattern as if flying in formation. J then looked in the telescope and there was 4, then 5 flying together in a V shaped formation. The 4th and 5th ones would blink out, and then reappear, but always staying in formation. I didn't see them so this.

J was extremely excited and said several times,"They are between the clouds and us!" That confirming to him again that they weren't satellites, (besides the fact the satellites don't fly in formation and make turns). 

We watched them from 8:00 to 8:30 pm. Then the 5 balls of white light faded from view within the clouds at 8:30. We scanned around a few more minutes, but they weren't there. We covered the telescope and went in the house - and yes we were freaked, excited and laughed a lot! Ancient Aliens and YouTube had exposed us to partial disclosure before we saw the 6 UFO's. It was incredible and we can't wait for our next sighting! 

My husband is an engineer and armature astronomer. Our ranch is under a dark sky,that being his dream. I'm an author, illustrator and rancher. I've had other ET/UFO experiences but those are for another time.
