{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-27 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500261","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2276,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/261/mufon-5500261.json","updb_database_id":5500261}
The craft looked exactly like the illustration of the object seen while driving in Burlington, Ontario, Canada, about 9:40 p.m. on August 10, 2014 in Case 58833.

On approximately the evening of July 27th, 8:30 PM, I stepped outside to our front yard to have a cigarette while speaking on the phone with my friend. I was looking up at the sky when I thought I saw the lights of a plane going overhead towards Sept-1les. I then caught sight of multiple plane lights and thought it was strange that they were so close to each other and so many. That was when I realized they were all connected to each other and that it was one big craft that was blocking out all the stars when it passed. It looked like an impossibly enormous triangle. It was blacker than black. It made no sound. At that point I blurted out,"A Huge UFO!" to my friend on the phone and dashed towards the house. I opened the door and screamed for my husband to come. When I returned to the drive way I continued to watch it pass and go towards Sept-1les silently until I could no longer see the lights. My husband came out too late to see it. My friend will have the exact time and date of that phone call to discern the exact time and date of this incident. For the next two days, following that night, there was an unusual amount of helicopters flying in circles over our block. It's normal to see one or two in a day but there was more than five and they came all together and stayed around our block for over 30 minutes. My husband works in emergency services and thought the presence of so many helicopters meant there was some kind of disaster. He grabbed his radio and was preparing to get a call. No call came.
