{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477261","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82899","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/261/mufon-5477261.json","updb_database_id":5477261}
abduction. did not see ship outside only inside

My son is 9 years old and told me that he had a dream that a light sucked him up to a place where he was met by a grey creature with big black eyes long arms and fingers and 3 long toes. it spoke to him in a muffled low voice and said "go there" while it pointed to a room at the end of a hallway. my son said he did not feel scared and automatically started toward the room. He said there were many rooms along the hallway. He said he looked in one of the rooms on the way and "they were having a meeting" He said there was a large table that was see through "like a huge i pod" and they waved there hands over it. He said there was a hologram of the earth and he heard one of them say "defend". He continued down the hallway toward the room and was met by another creature. a little taller then the previous one and it had a fatter head. it was standing beside a metal table that had tubes at the back of it. The creature pointed and said "lay down" in the same muffled tone. My son said he lay down on the table and a green gas came up from under the table and made him fall asleep and he woke up in his bed. 
I also asked him if he saw anything else and he said that There was a kitchen in one of the rooms he said "the food looked good, well kind of. it was shaped like a ball and when they cut it in half jelly came out of the middle". 

My son also told me that two days ago he woke up in his bed and his arm was hurting. He said that there was a light that filled up the whole room so bright like looking at the sun in the day. He said "I think that was an angel mommy"
