{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-13 04:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490261","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69331","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4259,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/261/mufon-5490261.json","updb_database_id":5490261}
{cak} 5-6 different UFOs. One was larger and was clearly changing directions. It met up with two smaller ships that darted out in different directions.

It1s was 4:08AM on the east coast here in Connecticut when my buddy and I observed the first object. We were in the woods sitting on a big rock watching the Perseid meteor shower, which was epic in it1s own right. We probably saw over 100 meteors during the few hours that we were out there. You could hear the excitement in our voices every time that we saw one. My buddy1s voice changed from excited to startled when he pointed SW and said, 1What is that? Do you see that bro? Oh my god, what is that?1 As soon as he pointed in the direction I instantly saw what he was talking about. It was moving quicker across the sky then any airplane could, but way slower than a meteor, it was also glowing bright like a star. It flew directly over us in clear view for about 10 seconds, as it was making it1s way into the distance two meteors simultaneously fell from the sky straight at it. It looked like a scene straight out of Star Wars. We thought that was amazing, we debated for about twenty minutes about what it could have been. Every hair on my body was standing straight up, it was an amazing scene. My buddy was all amped up about it, pacing around in circles, he finally sat back down and we both continued to look up. About five minutes later it was either a second craft or the same one from earlier, I1m really not sure, but I do know it looked a lot like the first one. This craft traveled in the path of a half circle in the sky, kind of like a car making a u-turn. This is when things get real. Both of us were starring at it as it changed speeds, finally it came to a hover and two smaller objects glowing a reddish orange color appeared over the tree line. The two objects came up to the larger object on a 45 degree angle from the left and right sides. All three objects hovered close together long enough for me to take out my iPhone to try to capture a video. The video was pitch black and riddled with profanity and rendered useless. Finally the object on the right moved closer to larger object and suddenly changed direction and shot off into space. I1d estimate that five seconds later the object on the left did a mirror image of what the craft on the right did as it shot off into the distance. Finally the larger object circled around us again, it was definitely changing speeds as it cruised above us. My buddy commented that it was trying to trick us into thinking it was a star. It would move slowly and then stay stationary glowing bright. At this point the sun was starting to come up and the stars were falling over the tree line. We didn1t actually ever see the larger craft leave, it kind of moved slowly away from us and eventually disappeared. It was truly a remarkable experience, one of those once in a lifetime type things. When those two smaller objects appeared from behind the trees, I was completely blown away. It1s a strange situation to be in. I know what I saw, but at the same time, I have no idea what was up in that sky last night. I1m just glad that someone was there to witness it with me, otherwise I myself would think that I was crazy. The whole event lasted about two hours from start to finish. Hopefully by posting this event I can bring justification to those people who witnessed it by themselves. I1m actually disappointed that nothing online has been posted yet, I was pretty sure that others would have seen it because it was a night where more people were star gazing do to the meteor shower. Thanks for reading. Live long and prosper. I1m now a believer.
