{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-10 01:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518261","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39087","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3250,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/261/mufon-5518261.json","updb_database_id":5518261}
Moving White Light Entity/UFO Witness

It was about 1.15am and me and my boyfriend had gone outside in the beer garden (we live in and run a pub) for a ciggy. I was just gazing up at the night sky, admiring the unknown. It was a very clear night, with only a little cloud coverage low in the sky. I noticed some bright light moving behind the trees at the edge of the garden. At first i thought it was just a twinkling star i hadn't noticed before. We both stood up to get a better look and saw a light just brighter than any star. At first my boyfriend thought it was a sattelight but as it moved closer i said it can't be its far to close to earth and its moving closer below any clouds. It moved so continuously and fluently. I pulled my hood down and took off my hat to see what i would hear. Silence.. it moved without a sound.. the light was incredible to behold, something out of this world. The light now flew over the top of trees and closer towards us, overhead in the sky. It was the most amazing bright white light which had no solid edge. It moved left across the horizon until it was almost directly above us. It started to descend and fly closer overhead. and we saw that the centre of it was bright white. It had a unusual haze around it and colours flickered out, every colour of the rainbow, every colour of the spectrum.. When it was closest to us i could see that it was no aircraft. It was made up of entirely of light. The closer it got the more fuzzy it seemed to become and it started to look like a kite/diamond shape but with no edge, it just sparkled like a star. The colour round the edge now was glowing more and the flutters and flares of colour seemed to project out much more from the being. Also it became more of a golden coloured light haze. It was so beautiful to watch, every colour flared out, yet still white light glowing internally.It was the most incredible thing i have ever seen, i could not believe my own eyes. It then hovered for about 30 seconds then started to ascend slowly. When it was a fair distance up high, it started to move left again across the night sky.We gazed up, mouths gaping as it flew over our heads at about 1000ft -1500ft. It drifted across the sky effortlessly and then started to ascend higher again as it got out of the village. It quickly faded into the night sky and soon it just looked like a star in the distance. 
The light we saw could no way on this earth have been man made. It had a twinkle like the sun, yet moved with such ease and didn't make a sound, even at its closest point to us. 
This is truly the unexplainable. It was my first encounter with what could be an alien entity...mindblowing.
