{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-24 19:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519907","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36719","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/907/mufon-5519907.json","updb_database_id":5519907}
With 2 friends observed approximately 20 lights travel from west to east across sky south of the Ahwatukee Foothills Village neighborhood of Phoenix

On Saturday, March 24, 2012, I was visiting with 3 friends in the Ahwatukee Foothills Village neighborhood of Phoenix. In the evening, 3 of the 4 of us made a fieldtrip to a convience store to replenish refreshmints, while the 4th stayed behind to watch children. At 7:38 PM, while I and 2 of these friends were walking southbound on 48th Street, south of Chandler Blvd and north of Frye Road, we observed several orange-red lights in the sky. The lights were low on the horizon and formed a diagonal pattern. This pattern was highest on the east at approximately 35 degrees elevation and sloped down at an angle of approximately 45 degrees. In all, 6-8 individual lights were in this formation. These lights moved together from west to east at a low rate of speed. As we continued to watch these lights, I pulled up my phone to get video.

Within seconds of this initial sighting, I and one of my friends noticed multiple additional lights lower on the horizon and further to the west. First we saw 2 lights, then a third. Afterward, more lights continued to appear behind and to these. The newer lights did not move in a tight formation but rather were jumbled and appeared to be moving in different directions, ascending, descending, approaching, and going. While we watched the new lights, I continued to fumble with my phone.

Eventually, I got my phone to begin recording, and I moved forward, walking into the shadow of some trees, out of the glaring streetlights. Meanwhile, my friends stayed behind. One called his girlfriend, who had stayed behind in the apartment while we had made our fieldtrip to the convience store. As I walked forward into the darkness, more lights emerged. I could see at least 4 additional lights higher in the sky than any of the others. These were to the west of the diagonal formation and above the second cluster. Like the second group, these lights did not move in a synchronized manner.

After seeing these, I darted across the street and continued further down the road to see more. Then I observed a smaller group of what appeared to be 3 lights at a similar height but off to the east side of the diagonal. Upon making this observation, I noted that a woman who was jogging down the road had stopped about 100 yards south of my position and was also observing the sky. Meanwhile, traffic continued to pass by without the drivers seeming to notice our behavior (or at least not stopping in response). 

The lights on the east side appeared to be moving to the west but also away from me, to the south. However, lights low on the horizon, on the west side of the group, were clearly moving from west to east at a higher rate of speed (at least relative to my perspective). The lights in the diagonal formation appeared stationary or moving away (south). The lights high and to the west were moving from west to east before possibly turning more to the south. I say this, because the lights eventually faded or turned away.

After I had crossed over the street and observed the 3 lights on the eastern side, I noted the movements of the lights and returned to my friends. As I was having no luck getting the lights to show on my camera phone, I was hoping my friends were more fortunate. While I was returning to them, I witnessed most of the lights fading or turning away from me. However, a few of them initially continued on their west to east track before appearing to either turn to the south or disappear (possibly behind a mountain). I followed one in particular which was the brightest. It lingered until I was very close to my friends and finally blinked out right before my eyes.

In all, I believe I saw approximately 18 lights moving around the sky. What we saw did not seem to fit with anything that any of us had seen before. These lights did not match the videos of the original Phoenix Lights. The lights were potentially over the Barry Goldwater Range but may also have been north of there. From our position we could not tell if they were over the Estrella Mountains or further south. If the lights were over the range, the aircraft we saw were presumably flying high enough for us to see them over the Estrella Mountains and/or any other mountains between us.

These objects werent following any of the usual airline traffic patterns and did not have the same lights as commercial aircraft. We could see other aircraft coming in to approach Phoenix Skyharbor Internation Airport and other regional airports at the time of this sighting, and these lights were in a very different area, displaying different colors, and behaving very differently.

The lights did not behave like military jets or helicopters I have observed, and I did not see navigation lights or strobes. Given that we did see the orange-red lights, the activity did not appear to be a "lights-out" exercise.

These objects also did not behave like meteorites.

We know there is a major sailport in the area near Estrella Mountain. This sailport is popular for skydiving and may have been used for a night jump. Along the same line, people also enjoy driving or even hiking to high points in South Mountain Regional Park to parasail. However, these lights lingered for more than 8 minutes, and several moved directly from west to east under their own power. 

At this time, the most likely explanations I have involve aircraft and flares. We may have seen a military exercise in the distance over the Goldwater Range. Perhaps atmospheric conditions distorted our perception of the color and behavior of the aircrafts and flares lights. We may have seen a semi-organized aerial caravan of reverse snowbirds flying south for the summer. We may have seen a spoiled group of television labcoats testing eccentric theories for recreating the original Phoenix Lights.

Unfortunately, Neither I nor either of my friends seem to have had any luck capturing them on film. However, I have not tried enhancing my video file, so I would be willing to give that a go. Hopefully, someone else saw something tonight and can shed some light on this event. I am sure there is a good explanation to what was up there. Whatever it was, it was interesting to watch.
