{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-06-16 23:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530907","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2374,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/907/mufon-5530907.json","updb_database_id":5530907}
I was laying on the top of my grandmother's barn watching for meteors on a perfectly dark and clear night.

Ok. I've never done anything like this before,so bear with me. I think it might have been around june of 1972( truthfully im not sure about the exact date,but I think it's close. I had an early interest in astrology,so one late, and very clear night I was laying on my grandmothers barn watching for meteors.From my point of view I could see practically from horizon to horizon, except for a few trees that were tall enough to distract my veiw. As i was lookng i saw a bright spherical light that kind of looked like a star but much brighter than the planet venus and moving quite oddly. It suddenly appeared just above the horizon(i think western)and moved from horizon t horizon passing directly overhead,except it wouuld move roughly 10 degrees almost in an instant then make a huge "U" shape just as quick then again com to an instant stop. Im guessing the top of th u about 20 degrees and from top to the bottom of the "U" about thirty degrees. It repeated this same pattern until it disappeared at the opposite horizon. Over the years I've had an interest in astronomy, so I understand some physics and understand inertia. I KNOW this could havent been man made because anything moving like that wouuld destroy itself. I have only told a few friends and family about this over the years. The main reason im reporting this now is that I would like to know has or did anyone seen this? Then about 2 years later I experienced missing time while driving,however I don't know if these events are connected. I know to a lot of people would be skeptical,so please respond, I just need some closure after all these years. Sincerely, 
*(Wit's name deleted--SGonzalez/CMS).
