{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-03-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490907","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68668","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5779,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/907/mufon-5490907.json","updb_database_id":5490907}
{jpg} I know this will sound made up but I swear its true, I will submit to any lie detector test you can prvide

there is so much to tell, I still can't make any sense of any of it. I guess it first began with the ufo I saw, when I was staying on a property, sort of overlooking things as the land was being developed for track homes that were to be built. It was early spring in 2001, around 8:30 p.m. really not much to do, middle of no where, far from any stores or other houses, or people, really, just my ex boyfriend, myself and our kids, he was on his C.B. radio, kids were asleep, I was doing a property check, walking the property and the long driveway that lead up to the house we stayed in. After my check, I sat on the porch, it was warm, and the night was peaceful. It was then that I noticed a light coming from the end of the drive, I thought that it may have been head lights, but the lights were just something, seemed off,I watched for a while then I decided to walk down for a better look, just then it came closer and I could see that it was a circular object with lights just below the tree line and close enough to understand that it was hovering, it seemed like it, it saw me too, so I began to try to communicate with it, using very simple gestures, gestures like extending my arm and then bending it back towards me , I did this for awhile then for some reason decided to flick a lighter, when I did this it came closer, and I would beckon it and wait and then second time I flicked my liter, it responded by making its lights brighter, and it went on like this for I dont know how long, then I guess it grew bored or tired of our game that it changed its path, and in no rush slowly went back the drive towards the street then entered the street and it was gone. want another one? okay months later maybe a year later, back living in Glendora, my ex just left for work around 3:30 a.m. I got up to use the bathroom, and as I opened the door to go back to bed,at the same time, this, . . thing, creature, came out of my bedroom, the bathroom is directly across from my bed room door, we both froze locked eyes, now let me paint an mental image of this, this thing was the size of one of the small mexican ankle biters, those little dogs, chee-wa-wa , anyway, totally black, it had what looked like as I can discribe as,looked like ,ok you what our hair folicals look like, like that but big, all over if I could draw it for you you'd understand what it looked like better, but it had these red eyes, I mean LED RED eyes just glowing at me, we both froze, but when I moved to take a step it about faced and FLEW!!! in a hot second FLEW back into my room, I ran in right behind it, and I saw it fly into my closet, and as it went I noticed a green, lime green light glow filled the room and in it went and the green light went with it. Okay, now this is the freaky part, i was a step or 2 behind it so when it trapped itself in there, I planted myself on my bed grabbed a baseball bat that was within reach and waited for it to show it self, but get this,it no longer had the same physic, as it just had a second ago, it was in my closet, I could see it was moving the clothes on the hangers, toppling over shoes boxes,I could hear it rustling thru the boxes, papers coats and whatever but I was only seeing a faint green glow bouncing in there knocking thing around,then I got a clear look, the green glow was a pin dot no bigger than the tip of my pinky! I sat there talking to it, or rather threating it and cursing at it, I was not scared, a lil freaked but over all PISSED OFF!!! by the time this happened I was so tired of being harrassed by nightly vists of what i have nick named "Space Stalkers" "Cosmos Creepers" "Dancing Smurfs" or "The 3 footers" "The Watchers" and of course it wouldnt be a party with out Shadow People. It began as an amazement up on GMR and completely blew my mind up on Mt. Baldy. Those beautiful silver hugh silent objects, at first events spaced apart as to just mess with my mind, but, it was a curiosity, but then the visits and events became more frequent, and surreal. I can only do this for so long,(tell these experiences I've had) before it hurts my head and I start to feel sick, worn out. I will write again and tell of the other things that have happend, okay,one more a short one: a ball i call them probes, they're a lil bigger than a soft ball slight smaller than a soccer ball, silver, i know right? but had small round brightly colored lights on it,very bright ,they seemed to like bounced in the air as they traveled, with a slight rotation of the colors. long story short, 2 got locked in my laundry room, my ex and I argued who would be the one to open the door and let them out. we lived in a mobile home and the laundry room was just outside the dinning room window as it is atatched you can look right into the laundry room. I lost the coin toss, so I ran and swung open the door, the first one flew out "WHOOSH" it was gone the second one slowly cautiously, peered out the door and timidly took a short unsure bounce in the air and slowly,almost timid, bounce to he edge and the went up and gone!
