{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-16 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470907","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89578","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2613,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/907/mufon-5470907.json","updb_database_id":5470907}
Object captured in view of moon.

I was out shooting images with my kids on the side of my house, just randomly shooting the moon and clouds. I captured the days images using a Canon SX60HS which has zoom capabilities allowing you to zoom in on the moons craters.

I did not notice the object while shooting, in this particular moment I was using 3 shot burst and just trying to get the circumference of the moon.

It was only when I was going thru the days images, I noticed what seemed to be a mark on my monitor screen. After trying to remove it the old fashioned way by licking my finger and scrubbing it off I realized it was in the image and I blew it up only to notice an object in view of the moon.

The object seems to resemble a hat shape, likely metallic, and what I would call a disc with an elevated dome of sorts. It does not look to have many attachments at all.

I was immediately shocked by what I had captured, However, with my kids there I asked them "what do you think this is?" They all respectively said they thought it was a "UFO" or "Spacecraft".

I am unaware whether it could be military, dimensional, other-worldly... My only certainty is that I have never witnessed anything like it.

Unfortunately, this was a still image, However, there was no object in the two subsequent images, meaning it was either faster than the shutter speed on 3 burst, or it was there and gone, disappearance.. not sure.

I was utterly afraid to report this object, I did not want to be subject to ridicule, I did post it on my fb page and shared it with some friends and family, who have all encouraged me to report the sighting and get my story out there. My children who were reviewing the images with me all witnessed the finding. There were 5 of us in total, the kids aged 8 to 12 and myself.

So with that said here is my sighting, I appreciate any feedback as to what it is I witnessed that day.
