{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-06 23:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498907","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3367,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/907/mufon-5498907.json","updb_database_id":5498907}
{cak} Felt a chill and started taking pictures around the room, these green entities captured

My husband and I were in the office room area with the door open playing xbox 360 on our flat screen tv. I felt a strange feeling as if we were being watched or something or someone was in the room. I grabbed my camera and just started taking pictures around the whole room and doorway. I then looked at the pictures I captured and was amazed at the outcome. I have posted this on YouTube I have showed to family and friends and they all say the same thing, wow thats crazy. I have experienced sightings since 2012 and they continue to this day. I have installed 4 security cameras in and around my home. The cameras have captured crazy unexplainable footage as well. I finally decided to ask for some help or explanation from some professionals because I have moved 3 times since my first sighting and I still see these objects, orbs, entities. I do not know what they are and would please like some help. I constantly see orbs in and outside of my home on my cameras and they change direction, shape and stop in mid air then continue in another direction. Bugs, Dust, flashlights do not do this. My last straw was seeing a light beam with what looked like an alien or something with a head and eyes inside. On the video captured you can clearly see I am trying to figure out what this is. The beam of light shines right next to the office doorway and on the right side corner of the screen at a certain frame there appears an unexplainable glowing object then you see a mist shaped like a little being walk across the screen then turn around look into the camera and fastly walk back. I am so baffled and my family is tired of me and this UFO stuff. Can you please take a look at all my videos, pictures and tell me what the heck is it?? I would really appreciate your time and investigation. Thank you
Note: I will also send a few pictures captured 2012 please enlarge the photo and notice the blue, green, red dots around the object. some have + in the middle. I have lots more photos and video. i recorded video on about 4 - 5 different recording devices but they all show the same thing.. Please confirm I am not crazy or seeing things.
