{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-09 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497907","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61356","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/907/mufon-5497907.json","updb_database_id":5497907}
{cak} We watched a star like light at first go back and forth, watching the ground. Dropping, picking up.

I went outside at first to go grab something from my car. I saw a star like light, that was pulsing, almost making different shapes, going one direction, then going the opposite direction in a diagonal path. This continued as it got closer and closer. It looked as it was dropping things, picking up things. We watched as beams of lights (red,yellow) came from what would be from the front and backs of the UFO. The main star like light gave the Ship a dull outline of the size. When it would reach one point in the sky, it was easily seen that is was turning to make its rounds. Soon we would even see it shot rounds of three red orbs onto the ground. And then for a few short seconds, the UFO was visible, clarifying what it was. It had a larger rectangular body. Violet in color, with two arms at the front of the ship that had turned, making the entire ship turn with them. We watched for about 5 hours before the ship took off. When it took off into the night sky, you could see a tail of fuel of something it left when it would change course slightly. It looked to have hidden behind a sphere like object, that was only noticed by its light disappearing behind it, right before sunrise. I was in shook, I pinched myself to make sure i was not dreaming and asked my friends more then once if he was seeing all of this. There is much more detail, that is imprinted into my head but would take hours to describe. Please if anyone else saw this, report it. Anyone in the Missouri area. I did leave one thing out, all pictures that where taken where wiped from my SD card right after, and the camera i used was drained of its battery's 3 times trying to capture a picture.. This is what freaked me out almost more then anything. Please if anyone has an explanation, I'm not trying to make a story, i just want it explained.
