{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-10-23 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483907","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75940","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4360,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/907/mufon-5483907.json","updb_database_id":5483907}
Fast spinning, intelligent like sphere.

I have only just decided to log this after such a long time, as I have always believed it to be more paranormal, but did some reading and realised the second was definitely an unidentified flying object of some kind.
My late husband and I went to our favorite beauty spot on the cliffs at Botallack, nr St Just in Cornwall, UK. It was dinner time and we had bought fish and chips to eat in our old MG car out on the cliffs. I believe it was 23rd October 1992/93 at about 6pm. It was a beautiful evening and we were the only people parked there. As we looked out at the view of the cliffs, old tin mines and the Atlantic ocean crashing in, we suddenly noticed somebody walking up the cliff path..... I have to say we both were a bit confused as walking up the cliffs was an olden times smuggler from the 1700/1800's period. (The best way to describe this is if you Google 'Poldark', that is the era.) What we could see was a man, in a black Tri-Star hat, long black old smuggler type coat, a long wooden staff in his left hand and a small barrel/ keg under his right arm. We both looked at each other and then back to him walking up the coast path. Both confused at what we were looking at, I said to my husband, "Maybe there is a party somewhere?" If you knew the location you would know that was at the best a long shot! We continued to watch this 'person' walk up the path as he reached the adjoining path he was suddenly gone! Into thin air! We did not lose sight of him at any time..... And then he was gone! All I can tell you is that what we saw was as solid, as solid as you and I, although neither of us remember seeing features on a face, or to be honest, even a face. We knew that what we had just seen was unexplainable and couldn't get our minds around it.... It wasn't until we were driving home that I said, "Did we just see a ghost?" Now I aren't saying that is what we saw, but we have no explanation. I tell you this, as I believe that it must have some kind of connection to the following event.
About a week later, there was a big storm blowing with really strong gale force 'inland' winds. The sea was crashing in and the wind was too strong to get out of the car as you couldn't stand. We were sat in our car when we noticed behind us a white ball, approx 7 to 8 inches. You could see it was spinning furiously but it was not causing it to move in the slightest. It was approx 15 feet away from us and 6 feet off of the ground. The strangest thing was, that the gale force inland wind was not making it move at all, yet we couldn't even stand up in it! The 'ball'didn't move for about 2 minutes, then it slowly moved directly upwards by about 4 feet, again it hovered on the spot for several minutes before moving directly down again by 3 of 4 feet where again it hovered for a time. It then rose in to the air by approx 8 feet, again directly in a straight line and totally uneffected by the wind. It hovered for about 3 minutes before shooting inland at a 90 degree angle and out of sight. To be honest, we were shocked and just sat silently in the car. I think after what had happened the previous week, we thought it must be 'ghost' connected?...... For years the memory of what happened has never left us and I can still see the events in detail. I've tried to look for answers but can't find any. I only realised recently that 'the ball' was an Unidentified Flying Object of some sort. So I have decided to record this with yourselves.
The whole of Cornwall is built on granite and so is extremely quartz rich. I often questioned myself as to if there could have been some kind of portal open up? I hope that this piece of my jigsaw might fit somewhere in all the other events out there. Thank you.
