{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-23 17:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459907","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101535","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/907/mufon-5459907.json","updb_database_id":5459907}
Saw a sphere go through clouds and hover. It came back 2 hours later, hovering then disappearing

Note: there were 2 witnesses but I don't currently have permission to share 2nd witness info
I couldn't upload the photos and videos as it kept giving me an error, please find them in the link below.
I copied the description from my post here, where you will find more info, pictures and videos: https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/c5lbm2/i_saw_something_strange_this_weekend_shitty/

----

Last Sunday, June 23rd at approximately 5:45PM DST, in London, ON, Canada, I was BBQing outside with the gf when I saw this plane leaving a cool long contrail during a turn. I pointed it out to my girlfriend and I joked "do you see a UFO anywhere?" Just as I said that, I spotted a little shiny, copper colored sphere going through some clouds above us. I was somewhat confused by the coincidence and excited at the same time so I just wiggled my finger in the air while excitedly telling my girlfriend that I was in fact seeing something.

She kept asking what it was, I didn't know but it was very sharply defined but far enough that we couldn't exactly tell what it was. As there is a grocery store in the direction it was coming from and it's a lot of family houses, my first guess was that it was an helium balloon that a kid must have let go. My girlfriend accepted that conclusion and went back to reading on her phone.

I kept looking at it while making sure my steak wasn't burning and I noticed that it was going against the wind. I took out my phone to take pictures and videos and immediately realized how difficult of a task that turned out to be. Being outside during the day, I could barely see what my phone was filming. I couldn't see the object on the screen so I tried zooming in and filming various spots to increase the chances of me actually getting something. I then ran in the house to grab my DSLR but when I came back out, the object was gone. I took a few pictures of the sky just in case anything would show up but the pictures don't show anything.

Fast forward to the end of the dinner, we're enjoying drinks and I'm watching the sky. At around 7:40PM, I look up above my shoulder and the damn thing is just hovering there. My girlfriend could see it too. It was so high, you had to look at a spot and have your eyes adjust for depth before you could see that there was something there, but once you saw it, it was very clear. I took another video (still difficult to do). I also took a couple of disappointing pictures with my DSLR. By themselves they just show a blurry white spot but I've joined them together in a video and it shows a better picture.

When it was clear that I would not get anything good out of my phone or camera, I decided to go get my spotting scope which would get me 175x magnification. When I came back outside, I was looking for the object with my naked eye, I spotted it and a second later it did this weird flash, it kind of flashed black and white at the same time and it just vanished. I confirmed with my girlfriend that my girlfriend that she couldn't see it anymore either.
