{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-01-11 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494907","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5516,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/907/mufon-5494907.json","updb_database_id":5494907}
{nd} It was very surreal and chilling in ways, never seen anything like it before or since.

I was sitting in my car in front of my house one night around 1-2am on a weekday. I was on the phone with my girlfriend at the time. I lived at my parents at the time and I smoke and I cant smoke in the house so I sat in my car on the phone and smoked before I went inside. Im sitting there for a while, I had my seat laid back pretty far to be comfortable, and so I can see out of the passenger side windows. As im talking I kinda noticed something out of the corner of my eye, I looked really quick and saw nothing and kept talking, i thought nothing of it. A few more minutes pass and i saw something again. I looked, saw nothing, then I thought I might of caught a glimpse of a meteorite, as I have seen those before. 

I tell my g/f that I thought I saw a meteorite. We keep talking, and just a few more moments later i saw something again and this time it was there. It was a point of light moving around erratically. I got out of the car and stood on the sidewalk looking at it. It looked like it was closer than what it was. I thought it was a bat flying around near a street light/power line that was in my backyard, i was in the front. I kept watching to see if i could hear it making any noise because sometimes bats will make a noise, i looked to see if i could see wings flapping, i could see nothing. It was just a point of like bluish white light, and bats don't emit light, and i could not see the reflection of the street light on the bat. Then the light moved west and up higher in the sky kinda over my house, and thats when I realized it wasn't a bat.

It looked like a fly zipping around, moving very fast and going all across the sky. And it looked like it was almost in orbit it was so high up. It would shoot straight up and I could tell then how high up it was. I've been skydiving and have flown so I kind of have a general idea of how high things are and I know the atmosphere ends at about 90-100k ft. It had to close to this. I could not see a shape or how big it was. Then all of a sudden a second light appeared out of know where, i feel like it might of came out of the west. But now these 2 lights are interacting with each other, flying around like house flies chasing each other flying across the sky at high rates of speed, changing directions without stopping. I was in awe, i think I got off the phone at some point. There was no noise at all, no planes, and i live near an airport and I see several planes everyday and at night. There were no cars coming down the street or passing on the adjacent street, it was just quiet and eery. I was the only one outside.

Then a third light appeared. Same color as the others, bluish-white. They all flew around doing the same things, it was very humbling because i thought I knew that what i was seeing was something that humans cannot and have not made that was being controlled intelligently by something, I have always been a believer. And it seemed like sometimes i could see a trail of sparkles/glitter when they would shoot in a straight line across the sky at a high rate of speed, then the sparkle/glitter would fade out. One compelling moment i remember distinctly. 

All three points of light gathered into a formation, a horizontal line pretty close to each other, paused, and shot up simultaneously faster than anything i had ever seen before. It was like 0-7k/mph in an instant. The middle light continued upward and the left light veered off to the left and the right light veered off to the right. I was frozen at this point. Then they all came back together, zipping around again. I remembered we had a video camera in the house, I went to get it from my parents room and i think the battery was dead. I called a couple friends to tell them and nobody answered, I tried to wake my parents up but they werent interested. When I came back outside there were only 2 lights, and they were kinda doing their own thing, not really chasing one another just flying really fast in each direction across the sky, from west to east and vice versa. Then another flight flew off and disappeared. And about 3mins later the last light flew off to the east towards the city and i lost it in the light pollution. I live right on the outskirts of the city.

This whole event lasted about 20mins. No cars ever came down the street or passed by. I watched the news the next day to see if anyone else seen what I saw and reported it but nothing was reported.

A year or so later I saw a big bright light hovering maybe a couple thousand feet in the air, relatively low. It was a white light, it made no noise, it hovered, it was stationary. I was with someone else who saw it, we were on the way to the store, about 9-10pm on the north side of town near the airport. When we came out of the store the light was gone. Nothing was reported by anyone
