{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466887","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3507,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/887/mufon-5466887.json","updb_database_id":5466887}
{rjl} Object appeared, disappeared, reappeared, then I lost contact. I am former ADA, know how to track Aircraft

I was traveling East on I-5 from San Diego to El Centro on the 23rd of July. It was approximately 1400. Weather conditions were sunny, hot, clear. I was traveling at highway speed (70 mph, +/- 5 mph). I observed a flying object that suddenly appeared in my field of view to the SE of the highway between the Golden Acorn exit and the Jacumba exit on I-5. I was and Air Defense Artillery soldier (Vulcan), from 1982-1990, and have extensive experience scanning for, tracking, and identifying aircraft. This object suddenly appeared in a section of sky that I had just looked at after checking my passenger side mirror. I looked at it for a second, then checked the road, then looked back. It was gone. I checked the road again and looked back, and there was a shimmer, and it reappeared. As the road in that area is windy and steep, I checked the road and looked back (less than a second on each road check by the way), and the object was gone. I still know most aircraft in the military inventory, and know civilian aircraft also. This was not any military aircraft currently in the inventory, nor anything that I have seen in concepts that are being published. The flight path would not have been anything flying out of SOCAL to the East Coast, and I know of no civilian flights from Mexico that fly that path into the USA. This thing appeared to be flashing in and out of our atmosphere. The flashes I got of it in the 2 appearances that I saw showed that it had a cockpit, windows, and the appearance of wings (the rear of the aircraft was obscured by the "shimmer". This was not any fighter aircraft I have ever seen. Just thought I would drop a note about this in case anyone else had ever seen anything similar in the area. Wish I would have been parked and just watching the sky at that point, I could have given a better report.

As a side note, in 1983, on Sicily Drop Zone at Ft. Bragg, NC, I observed a UFO after a night jump. After we had turned in our parachutes, and assumed a tactical perimeter, I was watching the sky (that's what us Air Defense guys do!!). I saw what I thought was a satellite crossing the sky. I spent my last 2 years of High School in Granbury, TX, and, being a small town, we spent a lot of time just sitting on the hoods of our trucks looking up at the stars (and drinking a brew or two!!!). We were so far out in the boonies that the lack of light pollution allowed us to see satellites crossing the sky almost every night, so I knew what they looked like. That night on the drop zone, I thought that I was watching a satellite, just like the old days. It was crossing left to right (I don't remember the compass readings, it was a long time ago) on a steady trajectory across the sky. It suddenly did a 40 degree or so angle up and disappeared in a second or so.
