{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-28 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527887","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2667,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/887/mufon-5527887.json","updb_database_id":5527887}
Two mini suns appear sequentially, each hovering for three minute, powering down to 1/10 brillance and departing to the same destination

This is the latest and most dramatic of the sightings I had in January. Prior to January, I have never seen anything I would have called a UFO.

It was 7PM and I was going into Safeway to pick up groceries. Upon getting out of my car and walking toward the front door of Safeway - I immediately notice a very intensely bright light glowing above the horizon. It looked to be about six or seven miles away and about 5000 feet up. The date was 1-28-2010. 

Recognizing it as being similar to the other recent sightings, I stopped dead in my tracks and resolved to watch it until it played out. After about four minutes, it powered down to about 1/10 the original brightness. Initially, it had been about like ten times the brightness of Venus. 

It was interesting that I saw it from the grocery store parking lot. This is the store where I do most of my shopping. I noticed it because having experienced what I had already experienced in January, I am always looking up - particularly at that time of day. I immediately felt it was akin to the ones I had been seeing in January. 

So after dimming down, this first object moved away from the ocean for about twenty seconds. As it moved away, I began to notice the emergence of some red lights. As the object began to fade out of sight, a second identical object of equal brilliance, popped on. It was in exactly the same spot the first object had originated.

The second object hovered for about two minutes and it too "powered down" and began moving away from the ocean, going to exactly the same spot the first object had gone. In doing so, the second object also displayed some red lights at the end. Then, it too, faded out of sight.

At this sighting, I was less scared than the one before - which I will have to explain later. I will say,at this point, that the previous sighting had been approximately over Moss Landing, CA. at about 7:15 in the evening on 1-28-2011.
