{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491887","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67663","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2707,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/887/mufon-5491887.json","updb_database_id":5491887}
{dr}We saw the first one and thought it was fireworks being shot off at a distance, then it got brighter and started moving closer to us, then changed direction and disappeared. The second one came about twenty minutes later and done the exact same thing.

My family and I were out shooting fireworks in the back yard. We had just had a bag of fireworks go off after someone had thrown them on the fire, we were checking on everyone when I looked up and noticed an orangish glow in the sky just above the treeline, at first I thought is was someones fireworks but it did not go out so I thought it might have been a star. Then it started to move and suddenly got brighter and bigger as it did so I could see a reddish tint to the top of what appeared to be a glowing ball almost like a fire glow. I then asked my cousin's wife and brother-in-law if I was the only one seeing it. They were also watching when it suddenly changed the direction and then a few minutes later it dimmed and then just vanished from the sky. We were all shocked and were talking about it and how it was unfortunate that no one had taken a picture or had even thought about it. My cousin resumed shooting the fireworks and about 15 minutes later another one appeared in the same area as the first one, I was upset because my camera and phone were in the house and there was no way anyone would ever believe me without any physical proof. My brother-in-law and my cousins wife then took out their phones and began recording, my cousins wife's phone would only show the object zoomed at maximum and I am not certain if my brother-in-law got a good recording. As my brother-in-law moved further towards the field to get a better look my kids and his kids noticed the object too, and my niece became very upset. As we thought to go get my father and sister, the object once again turned, dimmed, and disappeared from the sky. I was fascinated by the whole thing, this is not the first time I have seen something in the sky I could not explain but it is the first time that I have seen two in one night in the same place and with so many witnesses.
