{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-09 02:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503887","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4993,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/887/mufon-5503887.json","updb_database_id":5503887}
{kt}Age 8 illinois, age 23 California, age 36 illinois. 2x's saw crafts all 3x's telepathy contact and several sleep encounters bits n pieces of info

At age 8 i woke about 2-3am knowing somehow i was to go look out my bedroom window. I was calm and actually felt like i was going to see family. I looked out my 2nd story bedroom window to notice a yellow/green pulsating peacful very slow decending orb like object. It rested silently about a block away over the houses and the lights stopped and just a slight outline remained. I knew it was clearly there for me. I recieved messages in my head and understood everything being told/taught to me. Words and images . About long before humans , during our ancestors times and warnings of human pride. War was always on their mind not war with is but war among us. That was the day i started and have never been able to stop having a discust for the inhabitants of this world. I'm not saying im alien I'm not crazy.
It's just this sickening feeling lodged so deep it has to be in my DNA. Several other times leading up to my next visual encounter I've always had frequent what I call my "reprogramming" it's this settling feeling just before sleep followed by a hollow almost electrical twanging noise and i slip away and usually return fully awake within 30-45 minutes laying in my same spot aware that I have no explication for the time thats passed but i always seem to have new knowledge of things i never heard about or thought of on my own and it's always something to do with this world and its people. The premis of the teachings is always the same . all races and people on this planet need to come together as one and when humans can accomplish that very small feat much much more will be given to us but as of the past up till present we "humans" cannot be trusted i dont know why I'm told this i just know its always the same . Cannot be trusted! At age 23 In a gold rush town in the Sierra Nevadas California i was awoken about the normal time "2-3am" to be drawn out of bed and outside where I witnessed 3 very fast moving and low travelling from east to west triangle shaped craft silent as if they weren't even there but they were so low and so fast I should have heard them but I was not surprised i didnt. But then about 2 minute after they passed out of the northeast i saw 4 incoming low silent fast yellow/green lighted crafts. There was no communication then only a fierce sense of urgency that was so great i sat outside all morning till 7-8am worrying and I didn't even know about what but i just couldn't shake the worrying feeling.. I was even late to work that day. For several more years i went about my life with my eyes in the sky all day all night any free time i ever have I'm living out there even though I'm here. Many more of my "reprogrammings" take place over the next 10+ yrs now living back in my home state again I was traveling home from a friends and at about 2:32am I was instructed to pull over next to this field and I watched them come down and rest silently just above the horizon fairly close to me just grayish outlines of the familiar craft . The electric twangy noise came one thing was different this time i tried to take a picture using my cell phone and it was off when I tried and it was back on upon my return to my vehicle not a physical return but the same type of return i experience during my before sleep experiences .my battery was full and I know it was on cuz i just checked the time on my phone hence the i knew the exact time this encounter took place .... I've never came out to anyone about this i am positive that I posses knowledge given to me for whatever reason I'm not sure if im to keep it or pass it on. Or if somehow they were using me as a delivery boy and somehow the teachings given to me have been transmitted to where they belong through me to avoid detection.. I have no clue but as you can see I have explored all options and theory's possible to explain this to myself but as of yet I have no idea why me .. I can tell you this , I feel such shame for being human and for bringing others into this world .. I feel so much pain and sorrow that I will not be here when they come back again it feels truly like a child that misses their parents. Sorry if i have wasted your time and all but I needed to get this off my chest because it surly will not leave my mind.
