{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-07-10 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458887","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102635","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3100,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/887/mufon-5458887.json","updb_database_id":5458887}
{jpg} A black blimp at high altitude.

The report is old, so a lot of the location/time information is unreliable.

It was about twenty years ago, but twenty feels too long ago. Just found out about the site, and the thing has always stuck in my memory. So...

I went camping with a fairly large group. I have always enjoyed camping for the purpose of stargazing. So I wasn't roasting stuff or playing with the fire to protect my night vision. 

It was a super clear that night, and I am fairly sure the moon was full. I say this because the night sky wasn't the black of a new moon, but a lighter shade, hinting at some blue. 

I was gazing at some constellations. I don't remember which one, but I feel know I was working on the little dipper. So that could give a more accurate measure of orientation and time of the year, if anyone wants to compare to the lunar calendar.

It was right next to whatever constellation I had been observing. I was using no aide, but I have good eyesight. I frustrate people because I can see more detail unaided than most people can with binoculars.

Anyway, this thing blocked my sight of a star on the constellation I was watching. It was like a piece of the night sky had been cut free of the rest, and was floating the wrong way. It was slow, and I only know it was something; because I thought I was seeing a star go dark. So I watched the spot. Then i realized there was a cluster of dots connected to the black. I don't call them lights, because they didn't flicker or change in any way.

I spent a good hour watching it, although I didn't check; and I realize that it is difficult to measure time. I watched it move across about 5 degrees of the night sky in a fairly measurable pace. Say ten minutes, and I would estimate it moved about a total of thirty degrees before I got tired of watching it.

I remember telling the group that I thought I had a military blimp, and trying to get them to spot it; but once I took my eyes off it I couldn't locate it again. I described it as 'A black blimp, with white dots painted on it."

My guess is that it's color was lighter than the night sky due to the full moon. Combined with passing right over where I was watching the sky at the time.

What's strange is that it moved in a way I would describe as an orbiting object, not a blimp. But it was shaped like a blimp, and about the size of a penny on the night sky. Everything I know says that this thing was high up, but that would make this thing huge...
