{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488887","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70750","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2767,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/887/mufon-5488887.json","updb_database_id":5488887}
{rjl} The impression of an alien face on baby crib in pinkish waxy material

I was downstairs and my wife called me up wanting me to take a look at something. We had moved the baby crib from the far end of or loft to an area near the vent closer to or bed due to the winter cold, an are with more light. What I saw was not a ufo but an imprint of an alien face on our daughters crib, it looked like it was made with my wife's makeup, it had a pinkish color and was waxy to the touch. I've personally experienced missing time, my father and mother also have had similar one time experiences that they recall, so I wasn't terrified, but my wife was certainly terrified. I felt like the impression was left purposefully for a reason that I can't pin down. we did our best to clean it off, feeling having it on the crib was unacceptable and creepy to both of us, we just wiped it down with tissue paper and are willing to have the crib tested as it hasn't been chemically cleaned. We tried to duplicate the mark, pressing our faces against different slats of the crib, grabbing them in different ways, we couldn't reproduce the skin texture or really anything that came close to what was a distinctly clear face that pressed into the slats, as if one eye was peering into our crib, the date and time are not ascertainable, we just happened to find it after moving the crib, our daughter was almost one year old on the date I have reported, the date we found it. It didn't come out of the box like that.. 

I have several Photos using a sony nex 5 or 5n that are very clear and, well, creepy. 

I would like to talk to an investigator about all of my families past experiences, I would also like to know if anything like this has been reported, if there are similar pictures, etcetera. I would like feedback on what I'm seeing here, what would the face have looked like...
