{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-09-15 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502887","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56097","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2528,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/887/mufon-5502887.json","updb_database_id":5502887}
{nd} Large Triangle seen by multiple witnesses.

At about mid September 1999 my wife and I returned to Santa, Idaho from a 4 day trip to Montana. We had left our two daughters, aged 17 and 10 at the time, at home with a friend to watch over them. When we arrived back home the first thing out of their mouths was that they had seen a UFO. I was skeptical but listened to their story. They had been sitting on the porch in front of our house in the evening with another friend, about a half-hour before dark, when they saw a massive triangular shaped object moving silently accross the sky, in the east, about 2 miles away. They watched it for several minutes until it disappeared behind a mountain to the NE. They said it was very large, appeared to have white lights around the edges, and made no sound. They were so emphatic that I thought they must have seen something, but had no idea what it might have been.

About two years later I found out that two men I know had also seen the same object. They were very reluctant to talk about it but opened up to me when I told them about my daughter's sighting. The first, "RD" lives about 6 miles from my house to the east. He saw a large silent triangle craft moving to the NE at a distance of 3 to 4 miles from his house. He also said it was lighted on the edges. The second, "RH" lives about 3 miles east of my house. He said he was outside just before dark and he "felt" or heard a humming sound above him. He looked up and saw a massive triangle flying less the 500 feet above his house headed in a NE direction. It was dull black and frightened him bad enough that he ran to the house and got his SKS rifle and almost shot at the object. Both these men are very trustworthy and not prone to story telling. They don't talk about this event and didn't report it to anyone. To this day my daughter's still recall the event. I swear these statements to be true to the best of my knowledge.
