{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-07-17 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"16036","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3990,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5547530.json","updb_database_id":5547530}
Ellipse slight oblong, 7 total in tight formation out of the north, frightening speed, no sound, if I blinked my eyes would have missed it!

When I first saw the leader the size of about 3 football fields mass only, Jett-black in color. Jagged edges all around of no similar pattern estimate about 40,000 feet in altitude. This came through my window of view in the Northern Milky Way Galaxy.
Directly behind one pair split apart in tight central formation of the leader. Exactly like the leader only smaller in size, If combined together they would equal about half the size of the leader. Directly, behind another pair only smaller than the first pair. In tight formation and central alignment of the first pair, exactly alike all the rest in shape and color, together in mass the second pair would be equal to anyone of the first paired objects. The Sixth object directly behind the pack and in central alignment of the last pair. Same as all the rest only the size was about half that of one the second paired objects. The Seventh object was about half the size and the sixth same shapes and color. The background sky was a deep Midnight blue and these object were all solid jet black, I saw only the bottom dimension of these craft as they came out of the North about 45 degrees at ground view. All of these disappeared into the dome of a massive cumulous anvil cloud to the far South about on Nebraksa/Kansas state line. I would estimate the cloud height to be 38,000 feet. This sighting last less than Ten seconds, not a sound, not a light and they darkened the stars out as they zipped across the sky at an Super Sonic frightening speed. They were solid and hard to determine how deep they were, as they came straight overhead.
I was standing on the corner of West 13th and N.Custer ave. I have one witness and he saw the last of the formation at the end when they disappeared through the clouds in the South. The previous hours before this occurred we were star gazing,counting and spotting meteors out while his sister was at a skate birthday event just inside. What I thought about when I first saw these objects caused my knees to buckel from pure fear or super startelled in awe. It was almost as if I was Sunday punched without notice in pure darkness. After the event and walking the last leg home to my house from my friends, I thought about what I saw and felt powerlessness, nothing of this Earth would have any chance in hell to combat what I saw, if they were hostile towards man. I tried to tell my parents what I saw but they wouldn't listen being glued to the T.V. watching Ronald Reagan give his exceptance speech. I was 15 years old at the time and not a day goes by without thinking of what I saw. I have a photographic memory of these craft and can send a picture. View this picture on maximum so the that pixel patten would give you a better and realistic view of what I saw. The white dots are background stars and this flew over my head and disappeared through the dome of a massive cumulous cloud estimated 100 mile due South of North Platte Nebraska.
