{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5288530.json","updb_database_id":5288530}
Black humanoid figure seen shapeshifting

At about 1:30 am my fiancé and I awoke to the sound of the train blaring it's horn exceptionally loud. It was actually the second time the train awoke us that night as it could be heard a few hours earlier, but without blaring it's horn. I distinctly recall hearing a far off explosion the first time we heard the train and asking my fiancé if she heard it too. She did. Now, at 1:30 am, the train was running for an exceptionally long time. I found the events unusual and figured it would be a good time to go outside on the porch to have a look around for some more unusual activity ( see MUFON sighting report 114725.) When I got to the door to the porch I moved the curtain to take a look before opening the door. To my surprise I saw what appeared to be a person standing straight ahead in my drive way directly in between my car and the garage wall. He was all black with no details, but distinctly human in form. I could make out no face or clothing. It's shoulders were squared with mine. It was either facing me or looking in the same direction as me, but impossible to tell. I immediately ran back to the bedroom and told my fiancé and insisted she come look. When we went back and moved the curtain to look where he once stood there was a black rectangular trashcan. We have a few black rectangular trashcans a bit further back in that area lining the garage wall. I told Amanda that he must have moved the trashcans. Then suddenly where the out of place trash can was he suddenly appeared and the trashcan disappeared. She saw him too. He started moving around erratically and backed away while running in jittery circles. He almost darted behind the corner, but looked almost stuck as he moved around in circles. Amanda got really scared and I suggested we try to get a video. We went back to the bedroom and accessed our door cam, but I believe it was too far away for the motion to activate it. We went live with it but saw nothing. I went back to the window and it was gone. A low flying plane flew by and the train went by again at about 3:30 am. We went out to investigate at about 6:30 am and found liquid deposits on the ground where we saw the entity. I took pictures. There was some other random stuff on the ground but it could easily just be trash. It included a broken plastic spoon a triangular shaped piece of paper and a very corroded battery. The liquid stains were definitely odd as my car has been parked for days so it's not from any leak from the car. The stains dried up by 8:30 am.
