{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-03-07 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"22192","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5546530.json","updb_database_id":5546530}
CLOSE-RANGE DISC..... 3RD SIGHTING IN 2 YEARS.... THEYRE GETTING CLOSER!

To start off, this is the 3rd sighting I've had in 2 years. The first witnessed by my son and I watching for the Percied meteor shower looked like a star zig-zagging across the sky. The second was witnessed by my wife and I and was a bright white light/orb brighter than Jupiter and Venus and was stationary above my house. It started moving away and faded to nothing.... it just blinked out. I estimated that it was as low as a small plane would fly. Now let me start with two things that happened before my sighting at 2:30 this morning. There might be no relation to the event and to perfectly honest I hope it does'nt. At aprox. 1:30 am I went downstairs to get a glass of water. When I reached the top of the stairs on my way down I thought I heard a shuffling/knoking sound coming from downstairs. My wife was asleep upstairs and the kids were at there other parents houses (we're like a modern Brady Bunch). I heard the noise again as I reached the bottom of the stairs, turned the corner into the kitchen and there was nothing. I then heard something that sounded like it was right outside the window. I looked out and could see nothing. I did'nt think much off it and dismissed it as maybe a cat outside. I went upstairs and lied down in bed. Ever since my first sighting i sleep with my bedroom blinds open at night. As I was lying there I noticed what looked like a red flash reflecting in my across the way neighbors window. I thought that maybe it was someone's brake lights reflecting. I looked down and out and there were no cars on in use. It was very quiet the neighborhood was asleep. I thought, "that was weird". I then thought' "whatever" and lied back down and fell asleep. I was shortly after jolted out of sleep by who knows what. Sort off like when you here a loud noise or someone moves you while sleeping. I than sat up to get a drink of water, looked out the window and noticed what I first thought was a perfectly oval disc shaped cloud. It was not moving at all and was a dull greyish-white. I thought, "what the hell, thats got to be the most perfectly shaped cloud I've ever seen. I looked at it for at least a full minute and it did'nt move an inch. I could easily gage that because it was right next to the brightest star in that part of the sky at that time. It was right above the across the way neighbors roof tops and if i sat up in the bed further i could see the moon coming up from below and just to the left of this object. The object was not illuminating light but was reflecting the moon light off of it and was kind off standing out of the moon light. It was about the size of my thumb held at arms length. It seemed to be sitting directly over a set of lakes here in town close to my house. They are, Spring Lake, Lake Ralphine, and Lake Ilsanjo in East Santa Rosa. I did'nt wake my wife up I guess because at first I was'nt sure what I was seeing. After about a minute and a half this thing had not changed position or size until all of the sudden in about five seconds (at most) it shrunk in on itself to what looked like a small star and blinked out to nothing! That's what my last sighting did! In roughly the same part of the sky! WTF! This to me seems like maybe it took off away from me shrinking in to nothing in a very short amount of time. I woke my wife up as it was shrinking/taking off. By the time she looked out it was gone. I was a little freaked out about it as it was so close and clearly a DISC! Ok what the hell, three sightings and they get closer each time? Come on, what the hell? I then started thinking about the noises and the red flash. I told my wife and she started to get creeped out. Hopefully these are coincidences. I could'nt sleep the rest of the night and kept looking out the window. An hour or so later I saw a small flash of light in the sky and it looked like it was heading the the East and disappeared. It was much further up. That one could have been anything. Still though, quite an active night! I did'nt think I'd ever see an up-close disc!! WOW!!
