{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-11 18:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104040","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3814,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5457530.json","updb_database_id":5457530}
{cak} Just look at detail i guess

I just want to say that what I saw was very similar to what Michael Larson scene. The graphic designer or whoever made the animation of what Michael Larson described was almost accurate except for it was horizontal not vertical in terms of the Triangular shape as it moved and at the end of the points where it was actually the accurate color a light green circular glow long metal pieces stretched out. I looked at pictures and videos online to see if there was anything similar to what I had seen and what he described was the closest . Additionally the levitating structure was equivalent in size to 4 large commercial airliners. It arrived through thin air as metal was that was once translucent like glass changing into metal where it just came from nowhere and appeared, but once it arrived it moved extremely slow. I guess I feel lucky that I got to see this only 100 meters from where I was and it was levitating the height of the tallest pine trees. Anyways I figured I would just share what I saw. It also had several glass looking panel pieces the around the circular portions of the craft as if it was a viewing station or something. It also had a slight horseshoe shape. I'm puzzled why it seems that the vehicles around me didn't put on their hazards as I did to slow down to view it, it's as though I was the only one that could see it. Very peculiar. I'm sure what I say sounds far-fetched , but I assure you I know what I saw . Good luck with your UFO sightings. Iit has been a few days now I have seen nothing. My entire life I had never seen anything like that and I guess I probably never will again as I have made a point not to forget and continue to look. When I can learn from what I saw was that you don't have to look far it's as though it just came out of the air come completely out of nowhere. Sorry I was to busy watching it to take a picture. You're probably not going to be happy with me knowing that I could have taken a photo as this alien light craft literally flew close by me from the right to the left and then again the left to the right very slowly I was just too busy being fascinated with this gigantic crafts it was literally right in front of me. One more thing I feel it allowing me to see it after I had helped out a co-worker the others would not because he was a difficult person to deal with . And never usually helps his other colleagues . I felt happy that I had helped him right after I got off the phone with him craft came out of nowhere totally strange as I don't look for UFOs. That's it I don't know what else to tell you just good luck I guess. I will keep my eye out. no idea why I'm spending time to type you this I just figured I would share, because if I was in search of space crafts then I would want someone to share, so there you go.
This form is so long I almost didn't complete this thing as it had so many questions. I would suggest that you allow people just to say what they want to say on this site because I don't know if everyone is going to actually complete everything. Like me I was actually just going to say hello but then I was like okay I'll go ahead and just finish it since this might be helpful for you.
