{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32413","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5523530.json","updb_database_id":5523530}
Beam of Light

It was nearly midnight when my husband and I got ready to go to bed. We had just finished reading our Bible passages for the night and turned out the lights. The weather has been very nice, so I asked him if he would like to have our window open. Our bedroom is in the basement with an egress window. He said that would be great. I got up to go over to the window. As I began to crank the window open, I saw some lights outside. Our room faces a well-traveled street. Many nights it is very quiet with a few vehicles that pass. He thought a car was passing by, as did I. As the window began to crank open, I saw the lights were still outside. They were not passing by as if from a vehicle but rather passing back and forth over our side lawn. I stopped cranking the window to peek outside. There were no planes, cars or other vehicles to be seen or heard by our house. The lights were bluish-white and there were two, like spotlights crossing over our lawn. Then I looked up through the tall maple tree towards the sky. The lights were being beamed down from above our house. I was startled. Could it be a helicopter? They have spotlights but these were bluish-white, ethereal and they crossed each other. I was stunned, but managed to listen and hear a faint strange humming sound. Fortunately for us we had our MP3 player on the dresser, so I recorded the sounds for several minutes. We had a very disturbing incident on September 25th at 9:30pm with humming that shook our home and paralyzed me with fear. My husband has been shook up by that event ever since. I don't know what's going on with our area but there have been black and dark helicopters flying overhead. These have been documented, filmed, and reported. It's just weird!
