{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-11 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82622","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3009,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5477530.json","updb_database_id":5477530}
{cak} Snowboarding on Mountain Creek Resort on the trail waiting for my friend I looked at the night sky. I noticed a green light hovering in the sky over the residential area and then it it made a U shaped path with a trail of green up into space.

When I reached the top of Mountain Creek from the gondola it was 8:30 but I was with a beginner snowboarder so I anticipated this being my last run. Slowly making our way down the trail I sat down to wait for my friend. We were the last ones heading down the trail on such icy conditions and so close to closing. We were only a quarter of a mile into the trail so I gave my friend sometime to catch up. While waiting I enjoyed watching the planes go by in the sky and looking out onto the town. But then I moved my eyes slightly above the residential area and noticed a green light. It automatically caught my attention I yelled out to my friend "Did you see that?" and then I yelled to my boyfriend who was further down the trail "Did you see that?" Yet no one answered; I couldn't remove my eyes from the green glowing orb in the sky. Then as soon as I spotted it, the orb made a path that look liked it was turning around or a "U" shaped path into space or the upper atmosphere. There were no clouds in the sky completely clear however I felt as if I imagined the whole thing. I asked my friend if she had seen anything when she finally reached me but she said no. Then I asked my boyfriend "Did you see a green thing in the sky?" he said no. By the time we were all together the rescue team had came up the mountain checking to see if anyone needed help because the trails were closing. I held in any reaction I had and helped my friend snowboard down the mountain. I have always been aware that other people have spotted UFOs but I never expected to be one of those individuals. To be completely honest I was afraid of the stigma of UFO reporters so I didn't look much into it until I realized that I turned my GoPro Hero 4 on in the beginning of trail. When looking over the footage I noticed that it had shut off on the mountain right before I saw the UFO. This was the first time using it so I do not correlate the two variables, the UFO and the disfunction of the GoPro because it was below freezing on the mountain. Nonetheless, this did keep me up last night and created a yearning curiosity to understand what I saw that night on the Mountain.
