{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-12-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5456530.json","updb_database_id":5456530}
{cak} I witnessed a bright light, moving very slowing on a low IFR night just below the clouds.

Circa 1990 I was on my way to dinner in my car with my wife. We were in Rye Brook, NY at about 8 pm on a misty, low visibility, low ceiling night. Turning northbound on Lincoln Ave. in Rye Brook we were driving north engaged in casual conversation.
I then noticed a very bright light in my 11:00 position heading southbound in the opposite direction at about 300 ft agl moving very slowly. I estimate it was less than 1/2 mile away. My initial thought was 'who in their right mind is flying on a night like this'.....Westchester County airport (HPN) was in my 12:00 position about 1 mile away. Maybe it was a helicopter.
As the light reached my 10:00 position, I couldn't understand why it was moving so slowly and not climbing as it should be on an instrument departure out of HPN. Furthermore, I could see no navigation lights, strobes or rotating beacons as most aircraft have. I pulled over on the side of the road and got out of my car for better observation.
As I leaned against my car I observed the object made no noise.....can't be a helicopter. And I doubt it's a blimp. All I could see was a bright light, silent with no discernible features. As the object reached the 9:00 position to my car it began a slow turn to the west. It was still bright, slow, silent and in level flight. Only this time I observed the object beautifully illuminating the cloud base, now more strikingly observable no doubt due to it changing position and course. It seemed to be just under the cloud deck the whole time, but as it headed west it gradually entered the cloud layer and lit up the cloud. This was an exciting observation. Eventually, still in seemingly level flight, the object faded into the clouds and the light was gone.

PS. I am a multi-engine rated private pilot with about 1,000 hours flying time since the 1970s. Aviation has been a passion of mine since the 1960s, I've read every aviation book imaginable, built hundreds of plastic plane kits, worked on a flight line and even won an aircraft identification contest. And I couldn't identify that object.
