{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-05 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3252,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5499530.json","updb_database_id":5499530}
{dr}Observed what I first thought was shooting star enter atmosphere travel north, reverse course, and travel south

Was out on the back porch letting a couple of the neighbor kids look at the moon through my telescope. Decided they might enjoy a view of Albiero. However, my GoTo isn't working and was having trouble lining it up. I looked up from my scope to make sure the scope was pointing in the right area(light pollution is pretty bad in my neighborhood...) and noticed what I thought was a "shooting star", complete with the "poof" some of the bigger ones make when first entering the atmosphere, appear near Algenib in the constellation of Pegasus(about the same altitude, but maybe 3-5 degrees to the left of the star...). At first, the object appeared to be a dull white in color with a matching tail of ~5-7 degrees in length. The object traveled in a northerly direction for ~20 degrees, where the tail faded away and a pinpoint spherical object of orange/yellow remained. This sphere continued towards the constellation Cassiopeia. I tried to bring the object into focus with my binoculars, but object would not focus and appeared as a fuzzy orange/yellow orb.

It was when the object reached Cassiopeia that object appeared to "rebound" off the star Schedar, change color to reddish/orange, and started travelling back towards Pegasus.(The 2 lads with me swore that they could now see 2 objects travelling back towards Pegasus. I didn't, but then again they have younger eyes. However, I didn't see anything else through the binoculars...) About halfway back to Pegasus, the object again changed course and appeared to be descending towards the constellation Aquarius. 

When object reached the general vicinity of Aquarius, the object(which still wouldn't focus through my binoculars and still appeared as a fuzzy orb) changed color again to a dull red and stopped. The orb hovered there for maybe a minute, started to pulsate in intensity, then vanished.

As far as other air traffic in the area, shortly(about 10 minutes) before the encounter, we spotted what appeared to be a private single or double prop plane fly from E to W above us. Right after the sighting, a helicopter flew from the SE to NE. A few seconds after that, what sounded like a fairly large prop plane flew right over us from ESE to WNW, followed immediately by a fast moving jet from the NW, which did a hard banking turn to WSW.

Needless to say, the boys(ages 9 & 12) were quite excited about the whole thing, but at the same time a wee bit frightened. The youngest one wouldn't go home without me walking him home, even though he lives only about 75 yards away...
