{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-04 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5285530.json","updb_database_id":5285530}
First red light on hills, presumed back of a car. All were lights, with no apparent craft

I had first seen what looked like a plane, flashing lights however it was way too low, directly on top of hills in distance. I've been doing meditations to connect with telepathic other worldy beings for some time now. Ith my gown up kids I've seen around 10 what look to be stars moving in zigzag or otherwise strange fashion and high speed high up in night sky, but not able to film or explain. Anyway so when I saw this plane I was joking to a lady who was nearby saying its a UFO...I began waving and shouting here I Am please come and get me. We wrote it off as a type of plane we could not explain and I went back to our camp to tell my son and friends about the cows. I had just been sending loving energy to a beautiful black cow and her little bullock, after I was told someone had scared them. I use trust technique and was eager to tell friends that I had been able to sit in the field with the cow and baby, and they stayed very close and accepted me in the field. 
The men were sat in the tent and I stood in front looking north east as I was telling them about the cows, and about shouting to a UFO (,in jest),
As I was talking I saw a bright red light on top of the Hills, several miles away on the horizon. It was very bright for a car light at such a distance so I joked and said therrs another UFO... as I said it, in an instant the light moved towards me, and stopped a few feet in front of my face just above and behind the tent the guys were in. I was in utter shock and telling them what I was seeing as it was happening. This red light had moved miles in a split second and was right in front of me about tje size of a large marble. I was I'm awe, flabbergasted, bit I said, " oh it must be a drone" and I was laughing. As I said the word drone, the light split into 2, one red and one white, the feeling of seeing this is immense and I feel it again as I write. I was just speechless!.then it rejoined together and was red again, then it split again to red and white, then rejoined and became just white, then it disappeared. It was not a drone, there was ño ship or structure, just lights..
The guys thought I was having them on but I insisted they got out of the tent and look that way. As they did several more lights appeared and disappeared. One white one stayed a while and changed from a round light into a star like shape, it was changing back to round light then disappeared.
J is a professional teacher and he was trying to explain the lights away, but they were popping up all over the place, some Amber, some red, some white... there were soany coming and going I could not take my eyes off them. Another camp next to us were all looking our way bit there was a vehicle next to them so they could not see North West.. I ran over so excited telling them what I had seen and as I did a while lot of Amber lights appeared in the air behind them, more in the sky though than close like the first one that came to me... I shouted there's loads of them behind you quick turn around...and as they did, all the lights disappeared at the same time. So they didn't believe me.
They were unimpressed by what I was telling them but I was so excited..
Then Richard appeared, and he stayed with us watching for more. Several more came but none performed like tje first one, still they changed shape into star like lights spinning at times, then disappeared again. 
It was fascinating. It went on so long most stopped watching. Jim had tried to film them in tje excitement but it's hard to tell on tje video. I know if we slow it down we will see it properly. He did catch an Amber light. I didn't have my phone amd was begging someone to film more of them. Richard and I witnessed a red one and a white one moving slowly as if searching for something in tje field right next to the wall that we were stood on the other side of. It was only a few feet away, there was no sound, nobody there, no vehicle, just the lights.

Eventually one white light appeared also in that field I'd say about 30-40 feet away from us. It was so cold we got in the van and watched it through the window. Constantly trying to fathom what they could be, I even thought maybe uts my mum, who just died in June, as when the red light came so.close and split etc, I felt a deeply loving energy and my mind was just trying to find reason for what was happening. Which was beyond comprehension.
Everyone had stopped watching this last white light besides Richard and Connor who was the 6th witness, sorry I forgot about him when I was writing earlier.
I kept my eyes on it from the van. It just stayed. Each time the guys looked away it moved quickly a little closer.. but it didn't move when they were looking. So I then got my phone and went out and told Richard to watch tje light as I moved towards it. I had been mentally asking them all to come closer earlier and it seemed they did respond. I was sending love as I did to tje cows as was convinced this must have attracted them.
I zoomed in with phone on video but I could not see the light through the phone camera, however it was very clear bright white light seen with my eyes. As I walked towards it it quickly moved towards me, I'd say a bit higher than my gright maybe 10ft off ground at most . I was asking Richard if he was seeing it and he said yes I am watching it move towards you. I got very excited and stepped towards it holding tje phone out yo film it and as I.did it disappeared just like the others. That light had stayed at least an hour I'm sure though time wasn't feeling relevant to me I was just so excited. I realised I had not been pointing the phone at tje light properly whilst zoomed in der however I had caught it on video shortly before it vanished. On tje video it appears to be Amber but it was most definitely white. I did not want to leave tje area in case they came back, but ut was very cold and everyone had gone off down to where there was a camp fire near the farm buildings. After a while n no more lights, Richard and I went to the fire also. 
I was telling everyone about ut though nobody believed us besides Martin as he said he saw some lights in tje sky in 1983 that could not be explained. He sat with me whilst I told him everything.
As we talked I noticed what looked like a very bright star just over the farm house...I put South West, but I realise now it was South East as I'm seeing it clearly whilst writing. The sky had been very cloudy ..even so I pointed it out to Martin who said no it's just a star.. I urged him to watch it with me just in case. As we watched and I mentally sent love and please come here message... it moved quickly and was just there around 15-20 feet off the ground. Martin then said, " you're right, that's no fookin star!" In his gunny geordie accent. 
We both just stared in awe. Now this one, with more light around from the fire, appeared to be a large marble sized orb, with tje light shining towards us..it was turning and the light spread and changed became star shaped ish, ..Martin coukd see geometric shapes around it and I coukd see an orb shape which looked solid with light coming from it
Again I told myself it must be some kind of drone. It stayed around 5 mind or more, I lost track of time and nobody else seemed interested.
But tje first light that came to me was at early dusk. It was just going dark but still light ...I coukd see the lights only, there was no solid object there.. 
Later another disbeliever who lives up there called Keith admitted he had seen several lights earlier that he could not explain away. I have more to say but typing on my phone is difficult. I've been poorly ever since, chest infection and I also got injured next day and my leg got infected. The dog that ran behind me with a rope lead on, which caused a deep burn and bruising to my leg was a gorgeous young greyhound cross. My dogs lead disappeared so my dog was running around with the girl dog n she was on extender lead which is thin rope which caused the injury.
On Tuesday we learned that dog Bella, greyhound Cross had died. Her owner was out walking with her in tje dark and she had run off a cliff edge. Very very sad news indeed.
Tje van we stayed in is an old ambulance which we have had do much trouble in we decided it's definitely haunted by something like Gremlins as no matter what we out in there it breaks. That's a total other story but I hoped tje haunted ambulance didn't have anything to do with me getting hurt and the poor dog getting killed !! 
If anything the lights to me felt loving, and so spectacular I cannot keep it to myself. Just so glad many others witnessed the lights...nobody would have believed me. God bless Paul R.I.P Bella ... xxx sorry for typos, this is very small writing lol I don't have Jim's video hope I can add it later
