{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-07-07 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453530","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108093","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2842,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/530/mufon-5453530.json","updb_database_id":5453530}
{rjl} I witnessed a star like object moving around the moon.

It was maybe July 6 or July 7th 1970 I remember because my mother was in the hospital giving birth to my sister who is born on July 7th.
Me, my father and my mom just moved to San Francisco from Hong Kong months ago. We were staying at pacific hotel in San Francisco. We stay maybe like on the 8th floor or higher. On this particular evening my mother is in the hospital, my father was in the hotel room taking a nap. I was on a bacany that’s outside of our room and watching someone playing tennis against the wall in the backyard below the hotel. After a little while I got tired of watching that person playing tennis and I started looking around and at the sky. Then something unusual catch my attention, I saw a bright object (star like object) moving around a full moon, the Object was very very very close to touching the moon. I watch it for quite a long time since I never seen anything like this before. I believe it is moving at almost around the same speed as the minute hand move around a clock. After a while looking at thing object moving around the moon I decided to go ask my father what it is, my father told me it’s a man made satellite even though he didn’t actually go take a look. After that I went back to the bacany and look at it one more time and didn’t think much of it anymore. Years later I began to realize that it’s not a man made satellite like my father told me. But what strikes me the most is that I can’t find any report of what I saw any where, I mean this is something that anyone within a probably very large area around the Bay Area or even the whole California can see if they just look at the moon, it’s hard for me to imagine that I was the only person that saw this object moving around a full moon. I could imagine that at other locations on earth this object will be moving across the surface of the moon instead and in that case people probably won’t had noticed. But in my case I was watching from a perfect angle since the object was always at the same distance from the moon surface. Like I say the most surprising thing about this event was no one else seems to had reported since I can’t find anything on the web.
