{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-08 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502023","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56999","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3095,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/023/mufon-5502023.json","updb_database_id":5502023}
{cak} Three Triangle Ufos observed by four witnesses three miles apart with pictures.

My nephew called me around 9 PM on Sunday the eighth to tell me that he was observing ufos revolving around each other. I told him cool, but what are you talking to me for take pictures and videos. His location is around three miles to the east of me so I called up to my wife to come down and bring the binoculars. About ten minutes after he called we saw a white strobing light pass from east to west. It looked like a plane until it appeared to back up then go down then go up. My wife was looking through binoculars while I was attempting to video tape the event. The first strobing light disappeared and then we noticed several other strobing lights to the east. It was really hard to tell how many of them because they were moving around quite a bit then they would stay stationary. I got to see one through binoculars and it was not only strobing white but blue and yellow as well. I gave the binoculars back to my wife and attempted to film it again. My Iphone 4S then went dead for some reason. I thought the battery was dead but when I plugged it in it came back to life with 30 percent power. Could be coincedence. Unfortunately, the lights were not bright enough for me to videotape. After my phone died I noticed a plane heading straight for the strobing lights. My wife said they just stopped when the plane got near. Meanwhile, my nephew had taken my advice and snapped a couple of pictures which clearly show triangular objects. A couple of days later I was able to interview him and my son. My ten year old was brief saying yeah we saw some weird lights in the sky one disappeared then they all dissappeared. My 17 year old nephew however was very informative. He said that there were originally three seperate craft circling around each other. He also stated that they were very high up and that one disappeared before the others. He was able to get a picture of two of the UFO's but did not realize that they were triangular until I enlarged it and sent it back to him. About 30 minutes after the event we noticed a helicopter with a search light in the area, but that could be another coincidence. I put the original photos back in so you will have to enlarge it to see the three lights and triangle shape.
