{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-21 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507023","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51709","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2839,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/023/mufon-5507023.json","updb_database_id":5507023}
{dr}object resembling a ball of Christmas lights moved through the sky and interacted with 1 or 2 smaller objects via beam.

I was driving home into the Phoenix metro area after a weekend visiting family. At approximately 1:15 am I was descending from the Gonzales Pass along US 60, which overlooks the eastern portion of the Phoenix-Metro area when I saw what appeared to be a cluster of Christmas lights moving in the sky approximately over the Superstition Mountains. It was a very clear night and the moon is a few days past full. The sky was bright yet this object clearly stood out about 30-35 degrees above the horizon. I was driving roughly west into the Phoenix area and the object was approximately 30 degrees to the right of the highway. The cluster would surge upward in an arching path and blink in various colors. At times the lights on the top and bottom of the object changed from a roughly spherical outline to two straight lines while the lights on the sides and the rest of the surface were distributed roughly spherically, yet in a random pattern. The lights twinkled and while I could not see a clear shape, the object did not appear to be completely solid. I pulled to the side of the highway and observed the object move from west to east in the northern sky, taking a zig-zag and ascending/descending path. At a couple of points, the object would stop. The object also interacted with smaller lights on 4 or 5 separate occasions by emitting what looked like a line of white light connecting to the smaller objects. These smaller objects appeared single points of white light. 
Approximately 2 or 3 years ago I witnessed my first UFO approximately 70 miles east of this location while driving to the same town I was returning from during this current sighting. I was very excited to witness a second event and was surprised at how radically different this object appeared to be in form, behavior and density. I was frustrated that I did not have a camera available yet completely excited about seeing what I was seeing.

I am familiar with the various aircraft in the area and live near Sky Harbor airport so I see air traffic each and every night in the area. This neither looked like nor behaved like anything I have previously seen.
