{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-11-01 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493023","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66498","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3857,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/023/mufon-5493023.json","updb_database_id":5493023}
{cak} Grey Alien in my home

My second abduction experience took place in my home shortly after the first one in Fall Creek Falls Tennessee. It was still the fall of 1973 and was either late October or early November.  That night my family had gone to a near by country club for dinner and I had kept a lot of the crackers from the table and placed them on a shelf in my room.  At this age I was afraid to go to sleep with the doors closed and so I had my parents keep the door open after they tucked me in for bed. 

I woke up later that night with a craving to eat the crackers I had saved and placed on a shelf in my room. The lamp beside my bed was either on or I turned it on.  But my room was lit with the light from the hallway and from the light in my room. I sat on the floor next to the shelf and began to open up the crackers, but I was having trouble taking off the plastic wrapper. Then I felt something very strange. 

The first sensation was a feeling like heat on my back. Then I heard a pulsing humming sound. I looked up and could see a shadow on my door from someone in the hallway. The sensations then intensified and I became afraid. I ran back to my bed and curled up in a ball and closed my eyes. My next thought was "Oh I should have covered myself with my blanket."  I then felt fingers touching me and the pulsing humming sound was very loud.  Then the sensation quickly stopped. I opened my eyes and looked around an empty room. 

I cautiously went to the doorway to my room and looked in the hallway. It was empty. So I went across the hall to my parents dark room. It was lit from the light from the hallway and from some dull orange light from a clock on a table closest to the door on my mother's side of the bed. It was very dark towards my father's side of the bed and I was too scared to go over there. So I shook my mom whispering "Mom. Mom. Wake up."  She would not wake up.  Then I felt again that heat sensation on my back, and I could hear the same pulsing humming sound.  I curled up on the floor. This time I kept my eyes open. I looked over at a dresser with a mirror on top, and observed a small figure come out of the wall. It looked greyish in the shadows and I could see it had a large head and big black eyes.  I then closed my eyes but not before I saw some feet move close to me. Then I felt fingers touching me again. They reached around my head. One of the fingers slipped into my mouth and I then bit down on it as hard as I could.  I recall it was soft and not like my own fingers.  It had a spongy rubbery texture to it. I then blacked out.   

The next morning I was still in my parents room. I then yelled "There was a grey tickle monster in my room!" I would not go back into my room till my dad looked all around. The whole experience was terrifying for me.  Then my parents said I had to get ready for school. 

I think in part I remember this experience so well from so long ago is because I told it over and over beginning that morning to other children in the car pool on the way to pre-school.  There were three other children with me in the car. Two of them did not believe my story, but the third little girl said she knew what I was talking about. She lived across the street from me.
