{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-01 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495023","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2659,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/023/mufon-5495023.json","updb_database_id":5495023}
{dr}Hovering at drive home once parked jetted off fast. Scary.

On my way home at about 1-130AM heading east. Noticed 3 white lights very bright in triangle shape in night sky ahead of me. Thought Was a plane at first. As approached closer more lights appeared into a circular shape all white in color with circular shaped lights around. It seemed as if the light on top of the disc shaped thing was brightest of them all. I was blinking my eyes over and over trying to understand what I was seeing it was so close. I kept asking my boyfriend are you seeing what I'm seeing is this real do you see this do you see what I think I am seeing. Hovering still for awhile about 20-45 seconds until I pulled into my yard and it lowered down a little bit and then took off west really fast then changed shape to a line with different shaped lights kind of like a plane but there was no noise of a plane heard and no planes around. I felt like it wasn't real life happening I thought I was freaking out but I realized I really was looking at what I thought it was. I felt very scared and fearful. I began shaking when it started to hover down a little bit shortly before taking off. I thought it was going to land or something. It transformed to some different shape but first was triangle then circular like a disc with lights around it and then to a line kinda like a plane. Then after going west it turns and flys north over my house I can't see it anymore. I lost vision of the thing once it flew over my house. It was very scary I never saw such a thing in my entire life. It all happened so fast I wish I could have video taped it or took photos. I hope that others saw what I saw. April 1st 2015 at 1-130am located in Albuquerque New Mexico. Attached is a very very similar photo of what I saw. First the triangle except white lights then more came on into a circle shape.
