{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-14 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473023","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87379","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/023/mufon-5473023.json","updb_database_id":5473023}
{rjl} While star gazing i noticed a light appear out of no where and watched it fly over us til it disappeared.

After watching the documentary "ten eleven 0 two" me and a couple buddy's were very intrigued and interested to say the least mostly because it happened so close to home. Last year we went out ther during the as I had asked "Ken" the location of his encounter. Of course nothn happened but it was neat just to be in the area. After sharing with an old friend of mine bout the film and location I suggested we go camping then drive out to the location at night. Immediately he was like "hell yea I'll go!" All together there were only 3 of us that ended up goin. We campedout a place we'd been to many times "Sawmill Flat". Got ther Friday...set up camp then drove up to Courtright Reservoir for a lil hike and fishn during the day. Next day on Sat we decided let's just hang out and relax all day. Later on that afternoon we asked ourselves "are we gona go tonite or not?" Of course we decided might as well... it's why we came up. After an early dinner we loaded up in my boys Hummer nd took the cruise up. Got to the off road trail bout 6pm....took us an hr to get thru the 3mile trek. When we got to the campsite on the eastern edge of the lake we got off and walked down to the lake beach area. By this time it was pretty dark. For the first 30mins or so we just gazed at the stars...it was a clear no moon night. My buddy Rob said it best "like diamonds in the sky". I could sense we were bout to leave so i turned to gaze up at the north star area as it was lit like a candle when all of us sudden out of no where I notice this light appear. The other two didn't notice and i didn't say anything for the first 5-7 or so seconds. After I ruled "ok that thing has no blinking lights or any type of motor noise" I tell my buddy's "hey check out this light that appeared heading our way!" For the nxt 10 seconds we all stared at it again ruling out possible plane or any normal obvious flying object we're all used to seeing on the daily. I could swear I witness it wiggle side to side but my boy says "that's yur eyes playing tricks" so i look away for a second or two to refocus then look back up. By this time my boy pulls out his phone and started recording it. Again after a few seconds I kno for a fact i saw it wiggle again side to side. One of my boy's you can tell immediately got shooken up as he asked to leave 3 different times. We watched this thing fly directly over us from west to east. As it crossed over it we watched go until it was nearing the tree nd high peak behind is and then poof it simply disappeared!! I am convinced 100% it wasn't a normal craft. I won't mention one of my friends name as he works for an orginization I'd rather not say but I will say this. He's an aircraft mechanic and now an investigator of plane crashes. If anyone can officially rule out what we saw as an aircraft it would be him...a professional at hand. We went ther hoping to see something maybe just out of excitement but honestly didn't think we would. We got something waaay more than we bargained for and something we'll never forget. Probably not the best idea but we're already talking about goin up again for the night in a few weeks.
