{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-06 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484538","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75286","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/538/mufon-5484538.json","updb_database_id":5484538}
{cak} Slow moving space shuttle like object that changed directions and shape/color

I was sitting on my deck relaxing, I like to watch the planes go by as we are in the flight path to our airport. I noticed an odd looking plane that was not in the flight path. It was moving east slow so I watched it for a few minutes. It looked like a space shuttle but odd. It was one dimensional. It looked like a paper cut out. I could barely see the edges. It was white and a bit darker around where the real shuttle would be black.  

I called my husband out to see it. I asked him what it was. He said a plane at first, then looked longer and changed his mind. He decided it was somebody's drone. That had crossed my mind also, but at that point we had been watching it for well over 10 minutes and wouldn't the drone's batteries have died? I was about to say that when all of a sudden the object changed direction and changed shape and color all in about one second, changed back into the shuttle shape and kept moving on west now slightly faster. We both cursed loudly and stood in shock watching it, and decided it was not a drone. 

It is hard to describe the transformation the object performed as our brains are wired to believe was we witnessed it not possible. The "shuttle" had just suddenly paused for a slight split second, and then it looked to have imploded and then ballooned out into a red glowing blob with a bright intense halo of wavering light around it. The light grew to bright and when it left it was the shuttle again. 

We watched it for about 5 more minutes when it became obscured by distant trees. My husband went back inside. I kept watching. About 8 minuted later I saw it again many miles further headed north-east this time at a higher elevation and it soon got lost in the clouds.

We have 3 major military aircraft bases close to us, so we are now thinking it is some bizarre experimental thing from Hurlburt, even though we both believe in Extra-Terrestrial life. So later that day we are at my grandparents and we tell them the whole story. I end with my theory about it being military.  My grandfather surprised me and said it was more than likely Extra-Terrestrial. He has never been a person to talk about such things. He is a stoic and militant man. He was a cryptographer in military intelligence and that suggests he knows things. He would not discuss it any further are answer any questions other than that one, but 'that one' shook me up!
