{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-19 22:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529538","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25982","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5012,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/538/mufon-5529538.json","updb_database_id":5529538}
A solid Blue and Red lighted craft circled the western sky for about 30 min in a perfect circle path.

At about 10:33pm Arizona time I was feeding my dogs in my backyard and as I walked over to turn on the water faucet I looked toward the western sky and noticed a tiny blue light between a break in the clouds. I dismissed it as a star at first but after turning on the faucet I looked back in that direction and realized it was moving. It then got lost behind a cluster of clouds. I then thought maybe it was just a plane. The more I thought about it the more I thought maybe it wasn't moving and it was just the clouds changing direction and moving fast. I thought it was kind of weird for the clouds to change direction that quickly but there have been stranger things to happen in the weather. So I kept looking in that general direction to see if I happen to catch a glimpse of it again. About 2 minutes later I see a much brighter solid blue and red lighted (Blue on its right side and red on its left side) object headed east so I figured it was a plane and not the same thing I had seen just a couple of minutes before. That object started in the same exact circular pattern, veering to the left, as the last object I had seen and it went from a solid blue and red to a lighter blue and smaller light. As this light circled around in the same exact path that it had done just minutes prior it remained the light blue light. I took notice that there were no blinking lights on this craft at all. In fact there were a few planes in the sky at the time of this event and I noticed there was a significant difference in size, speed and lights. This craft would make this exact circular pattern occasionally ducking behind the clouds for about 1/4th of the rotation. After the craft's second rotation I viewed I immediately called my wife out to see if she had an idea what the object could be or if she could witness what I was witnessing. Something strange thing that my wife and I had noticed was that there was a cluster of clouds that a plane had gone through and we lost sight of for a few minutes as to where this object went through the same clouds and was completely visible. The object was definitely within the cloud because there was obvious distortion but we never lost sight of the object in those particular clouds due to its brightness. However the clouds further west that were much wider we lost the object for a couple of minutes. When the craft made its circular motion and headed back in the opposite direction the light blue light remained. The only time the red light was visible was when it was in a head on position. Again...I saw a few other planes around the area when this event took place and they look nothing alike. In fact I live near Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport and I can assure you this looked and acted nothing like any plane I'd ever seen. This craft made this circular pattern for just about 30 minutes (roughly 5 to 6 rotations at about 5 minutes per rotation and what I would think was at least 15 miles in diameter and if my math is right 47.12 miles in circumference) from the time I started viewing. Note that this is a rough estimate and that my calculations could be way off...but I do know that this object was moving much faster than any conventional aircraft and covering a significant amount of distance in a short period of time and much too precise to be any man-made craft I'd ever seen. Eventually the object went behind the clouds one last time and as I looked to see when it would come out again I seen 2 fighter jets shooting straight through that exact airspace. I waited around for about 8 to 10 minutes to see if the object would come back and circle the area again but it never did. The time I noticed as the jets came through was 11:02pm Arizona Time. I had no real significant feelings other than disbelief that I was seeing this strange happening. I did however attempt to video tape it but my camera which was previously fully powered now had a dead battery and my digital camera couldn't catch an object that far off in the darkness. I do have to say though just as the object ducked behind the clouds that one last time one of my dogs who is deaf began focusing toward the east and barking and howling like crazy. My other dogs just sat & stared at him as he did this. That isn't typical as where if one dog starts barking they all would usually start barking.
