{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-17 14:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493538","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65974","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2762,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/538/mufon-5493538.json","updb_database_id":5493538}
{dr}My wife and children were on a drive heading north into Idaho to take pictures of old barns. We got into the Preston area and I looked into the sky to see a 747 airplane leaving a chemtrail and parallel to it was something making an eraser type mark.

My wife and I was on a drive into Idaho to take photos of old barns. We were traveling north about the city of Preston when I looked into the sky and saw a 747 leaving a chemtrail and directly parallel to the plane was something like erasing the sky and the clouds almost like it was tracking the 747. I stopped the car and got out so I could focus better on the event. When I got out I noticed another plane start to climb real rapidly near where the 747 was and noticed an Object that was not a plane ascending into the clouds. The size of this object was so large, you could have placed 7 747 wing tip to wing tip inside the diameter and still had room. When I tried to get a picture of it, it took off and disappeared leaving a hole in the cloud. We did manage to get video of the other anomaly. I am not one to admit that I saw a UFO or want any attention for what I saw. The rest of the ride home my brain was confused and tired from what I saw, I know what I saw but had a hard time admitting it to myself. Upon our return home we learned about some geese that fell from the sky near where we were and tried to google pictures or videos of what we saw and haven't had much luck. I can't definitively state that what we saw caused the death to the geese but it is very coincidental. I honestly don't know why I am contacting you especially two and half months later but I will upload our video and you can decide. If you notice in the videos you can see almost an eraser type phenomena happening in the clouds parallel to the 747. Sorry if this is a waste of your time and thank you for checking it out. Sincerely X
