{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-01-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464538","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96303","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3569,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/538/mufon-5464538.json","updb_database_id":5464538}
Black and Round with what appeared to have prominent spikes all around it, pulsated red and white then remained solid black.

I was returning to the United States on a bus with our family and extended family after a 2 month vacation down in Michoacan, Mexico with family for the holidays. We took a bus there at the end of November of 2000, and returned the first week of January 2001 on a bus. During our trip back, my brother inlaw got my attention to look out his side of the bus through his window, saying "Hey Bruja, ay esta uno de tus pinches UFO's". I leaned my head down to get a better look and saw what he pointed at. The object was fairly large, solid Black, round with what appeared to be prominent spikes all over it. The other family members witnessed this as well once my brother inlaw got my attention to it. We traveled North towards the U.S. border and were about halfway there when we saw this object and it seemed to be stationary, but it also seemed to stay in the exact same spot for approximately 1 to 2 hours before disappearing entirely. I would guess that it moved slowly, as we were moving steadily, but it stayed within sight out the same window for that amount of time. While we were in Mexico, several natural occurances took place ranging from an eruption of "El Popo" Popocatepityl volcano in December I believe, an earthquake in our area of Huecato, Michoacan prior to the eruption, a hail storm during a wedding we had attended, and on two other separate ocassions, I witnessed a "dirt Devil" type twister coming down a dirt road and through a mountain valley while our husbands were harvesting corn for the families there and then a small dust devil at another location...but again near a corn field. All seemed very unusual to be happening all in close proximity to one another while we were visiting, seemed a bit fantastic to me, but amazing none the less. We were there to celebrate my husband's turn to hand the statue of the Virgin Guadelupe over to his brother as a sort of 'passing of the torch' ritual. While visiting there, the family took me to a spiritual temple, where an unsual occurance happened with me and one of the "healers". The woman performing the "healing" and with her eyes closed, she proceeded to ask me why I was there that day and as I began to explain the reason of my visit, she interrupted me, not once but 3 times repeating the question...'No, "Brother", WHY are you here". Each time I tried to explain, then she finally said that 'I was supposed to be doing what they do there (which is healing) stating that I was like them, a healer'. She asked me to observe her, how she was dressed in a lab coat (to appear more professional as a healer I assume), and said 'You are a healer like we are'. I left confused, but intrigued. All the events seemed numerous and totally fascinating. I just remember thinking that if I were a healer, then why couldn't I heal myself. :) Anyway, life changed a good bit after that.
