{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524538","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31304","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4815,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/538/mufon-5524538.json","updb_database_id":5524538}
3 of us watched starlike crafts fly in crazy patterns, then I saw a light show

I went out with a friend of mine, to a park to watch the skies since the power was out everywhere nearby, and the only lights at the time were the occasional headlights of passing cars. What I originally thought was a star, began flying round and round in large circles. I took out my L.E.D. flashlight and tried to communicate by pointing & rapidly flashing light towards it to get it's attention. When I took out my lighter, to light a cigarette, I tried to use both the lighter and L.E.D. flashlight to communicate, trying to convince it to land at the park. It did not land, however, though I did notice that it began flying in whatever direction I held the flame. If I held it to my right or left, it flew that way, and if I held it still, it stayed still. It somehow continued this, as it flew steadily and slowly away from us. Once out of view, my friend left to go into the house, to tell his girlfriend about it. She eventually came out to see, but before she did and while I was alone, I noticed that I was getting swooped by some sort of enormous black bird. It made absolutely no sound, looked something like a bat, but was more the size of a large hawk or an eagle. It continued swooping my head until my friend's girlfriend came out to see what was going on. (I didn't see it again until she went back to the house later, and I was alone again.} When she came out to see, she had already missed the first one.. I noticed another one by radio towers, which I also at first mistook for a star, not so much moving in nice circles like the first, but in more jerky directions. I immediately began using my flashlight and my lighter, trying to get it's attention. Just like the first, this one began moving in whatever direction I held my lighter, but unlike the first, this one didn't seem to want to fly too far from the tower. (When the power finally came on, I went inside and I never saw it leave. It was still there when I went in.) I tried my best to convince it to land, using the two light sources I had, but it never did. The two of us watched it fly around for a while, and then she decided to go back inside. After she left, and I was alone again, that huge silent bat-like bird began swooping my head again. I still continued trying to communicate with the star-like craft, flashing my L.E.D. light at it, and finally I got a response.. I saw, in the woods, about a quarter mile from my location, and about a mile or so to the left of the towers, what appeared to be something resembling fireworks shooting straight up from the woods. It was absolutely silent and far more beautiful. Fireworks, for example, shoot up to a certain height before exploding with a large bang, leaving smoke. What I saw, was super bright pink, yellow, blue, purple, and green colored light which began from the ground and lit all at once like a totally silent, yet beautiful tower of rings and balls of bright light, with no smoke whatsoever. Then the same thing happened again, but this time it appeared to be closer to the the tower. This one was even brighter and more magnificent, though, since it was further away from me and the location of the first lights, it appeared to be the same size. (I went online that night, trying to find something similar, and the closest thing to what I saw, that I found on the web, is the huge multi-colored light show that happened in Texas. On YouTube, look up FANTASTIC ALIEN LIGHT SHOW 5/11/11) After that happened, I saw a helicopter fly over-head. I couldn't tell whether it was black or not, but it seemed to be very interested in what was going on. I also saw a plane fly by that had two red lights on it's wings, and a white light in front fly over-head. At first, I didn't think anything was strange, until the red lights disappeared. I don't know anything about planes, but I just thought I'd throw that in there in case it means something to somebody. I tried to get a video from my phone, but I just got a new phone, and realized that it doesn't have that capability. I did take pictures from my phone, but I can't zoom or anything and all I got was a super tiny dot on the screen. Sorry.
