{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-19 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284538","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118879","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2313,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/538/mufon-5284538.json","updb_database_id":5284538}
UFO sighting on Pensacola Beach, FL

On July 20th, 2021 my roommates and I decided to go to the beach around sunset time to swim and have a good time. The three of us watched the sunset and were talking while the stars started to come out. We were far out down the beach where there are no buildings, no boardwalk and no people other than the three of us. We were all facing each other when simultaneously we turned our heads to the East and saw this bright yellow-orange object in the sky that kept getting bright and brighter until it just shut off and wasn't in the sky anymore. We all felt uncomfortable, not only from seeing that, but at the fact we turned our heads at the same exact time almost like we were being called or told to do so. We all looked at each other and talked about how weird that was and then to the South above my roommates head it was happening again and we all turned to look at it. The object did the exact same thing as before but just in a different spot over the water. At this point we started to get really freaked out and started packing out things to leave. It happened one more time in the same South area right as we were leaving so we started to run towards the car being fully freaked out at this point. We tried telling ourselves that maybe it was a shooting star but it lasted longer than a shooting star and it wasn't moving the way a shooting star does. We thought maybe it was a star-quake or an exploding star but those don't happen very frequently especially not in the same spot within minutes of each other. Pensacola beach is known as an "alien hotspot" and many people in our town talk about their sightings and experiences. I guess I can add mine to the list of others.
