{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-18 12:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460427","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100822","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4455,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/427/mufon-5460427.json","updb_database_id":5460427}
{jpg} Observed bright white flying object for over 2 hours while alone in the backcountry in the mountains.

I was alone in the back country in the mountains doing some recon work for my job. I had just driven down a jeep road to a spur road that lead to a couple of mine features where I stopped to eat my lunch. While sitting under a tree eating my lunch I looked up to the southeast, and just above the ridge line I observed a small bright white object stationary in the sky. There was no sound coming from the object. I immediately thought this was very strange, so I grabbed my camera and took some photos and some video. I watched the object for about an hour from this location. The object was somewhat tear drop shaped, and appeared oblong when I zoomed in my camera. It appeared that the object was wobbling and moving a slight amount.

This was a very strange sight for me. I am a private pilot and aviation enthusiast in general, and I have never seen anything like this in the sky. I was really a bit weirded out by this, especially since I was alone and about 25 miles from the nearest city, which was Deming. At first I thought it might be a drone, but after observing it for over an hour I knew that know civilian-grade drone could fly that long, unless it was powered by a gas engine, and there was no engine noise whatsoever, which you can observe in the videos. I even called my boss and told him about it, as this is a unique back country location where we can still get cell service. I wasn't sure if I should continue to finish the work I had left to do, but I finally decided to get on with my job since I had traveled a long way to get some things done there.

I walked up the spur road to the northeast leading to the other mine features I needed to look at, a distance of about two hundred yards. I kept view of the object while walking up to the features, but as I was doing my recon work on the feature the object appeared to be moving north also.  It seemed to be somewhat closer now, but still seemed to be a good distance away. It eventually came to a hover again when it was to my northeast , and was now closer to the ridge line. This really made me uneasy, because it seemed to be following me. I spent about an hour finishing up my work. I walked back down to my vehicle, and the object remained above the ridgeline to the northeast. I drove to the bottom of the mountain, and when I got to the bottom I got out and the object was no longer visible.

I do understand that the border patrol in Deming operates a large aerostat balloon. This is located to the southwest of Deming about 5 or 10 miles. From the location I was at, that aerostat would have been almost directly south of me, which I verified by looking at the locations on Google Earth, and about 40 miles away.  So there is no possibility that is what I was seeing. However, after doing some research online, I understand that the border patrol may also be operating a mobile aerostat system now, and this may have been what I saw. Here are some links showing that system:

[links moved to FI Section/CMS/jpg] 

However, I am definitely not sure that is what I saw. I have read that they are limited to how high they can operate these mobile tethered aerostat systems (I think 1500 feet AGL), and it seems that if they were operating that on the other side of the mountain that it would be well above that altitude for it to be seen above the ridge line where I saw it.
