{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-05 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288427","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114940","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/427/mufon-5288427.json","updb_database_id":5288427}
An unbelievable sighting, a visual craft orbing with an orange glow made 3 manoeuvres, then a speed burst right across the sky until out of sight.

Leaving my residence at 9:30 pm on my bicycle , I immediately noticed a bright light in the sky which was a glowing orbing orange colour . I stopped and jumped off bike and noticed it made a manoeuvre which it banked on an angle and turned towards the ground and started flying on a downward angle towards me and the ground. I shouted at the top of my lungs, “Is anybody seeing this !! LOOK !! It then banked on a slight angle and levelled off flying approximately 250-300 feet over my head. I directly saw craft shape and complexity of the design, it looked like no craft I ever saw, I knew what I was looking at was NOT from earth. It made NO sound at all, was controlled by something or someone obviously by the manoeuvres it made and then the grand finale, a final manoeuvre in which it banked slightly upwards on an angle and did a speed burst which was right out of a movie, literally, it looked that amazing, no sounds, it just sped across entire sky in seconds, right out of sight. The g-force that was created by speed burst would have turned humans to mush, so I am sure it wasn’t one of “ours”
I must also mention that at the time I was going through serious financial problems, was riding bicycle for transportation and did not own a cell phone nor a smart phone. I mention this to clarify and explain why I did not film in any way, if I would have captured this on video, I WOULD BE THE MOST FAMOUS PERSON ON EARTH WITH A VIDEO MORE FAMOUS THAN ZAPRUDERS JFK FILM. That is the truth, what I saw changed my life forever I will never be the same or look at the world we live in the same. The craft I seen was so advanced in appearance and capabilities that I had a hard time coming to grips as to what I saw. The implications of a race so advanced is scary, especially when looking at our history of how we treat other races and each other as well as species so below us. 
I swear this statement absolutely true.
Darren Kadwell
