{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-14 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285427","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4110,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/427/mufon-5285427.json","updb_database_id":5285427}
10ish starlikes, 1 sneaky grn orb, small sneaky leaf maybe othersf

09/13/2021 11:00 p.m.4 yellowish starlikes In mid altitude is my best guess, moving erratically, but all staying within their own little patches of sky fairly small patches the sky. Very easy to pick out of the sky even when lots of stars out because they or sort of yellowish color instead of the whitish starlight and, plus they didn't twinkle like stars. We're still out when I went to bed at 3:00

09/14/2021 when I got home around 11:00 p.m. I immediately noticed and this skyl around the house roughly 10 yellow star lights I spent next three or four hours trying to get footage the best footage I could of them, despite their appearance of the naked eye when on video and zoomed in they would turn into a semi-transparent orbs or circles that would expand and contract, but the naked eye their appearance would still not change upon reviewing the footage I noticed things that were were caught on camera nearby me that I had no idea were there at one point softball sized orb I think it was green it's hard to tell appeared on the left side of the video but only noticable if the screen brightness is up, it had chosen a time during which I was messing with settings on my phone while trying to film a starlike. this orb made a turn possibly toward the camera, and left, and then less than 1 minute later, reappeared like earlier, again it seemed appear after I became distracted and neither times I noticed this thing was there he must have been roughly two feet away from me at most and just above head level. It seemed like a lot of the things that I saw that night like it wanted to be seen it wanted to be videoed but I didn't want to be seen directly by me. Many of the objects I saw seemed to not only want filmed but also somehow knew if they were within the screen and if I would turn my phone they would make rapid adjustments to not leave my phone screen, at least the playful seeming ones would do that. I seem to find more and more objects as I review videos of which I have several and not finish reviewing. I noticed another time where I set my phone down a picnic table but left a recording on accident and then not check the video until much later when I did there was this white kind of leaf shaped like thing it was a shapeshifter some kind and it would just start back and forth in and out disappear pop. Also there's a small bluish orb at one point that seemed very hyperactive and seemed like it like to spin very fast. Half a block away from my house was another star like except unlike the others it seemed to be also kind of a show off like some of the other objects tended to do, in doing so would play in a much larger area of sky than the other star likes. It was a lot like having a party with a bunch of stuff that nobody I know believes can exist. But it was actually a really great time too it's actually one of the best times I've ever had a lot of fun
