{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-18 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282427","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7781,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/427/mufon-5282427.json","updb_database_id":5282427}
Two glowing orbs of yellowish-orange light

Information first sent to GEIPAN, copypasted here for expediency.

My friend and I were driving back from dinner which we had had. We were driving back from a location in Delhi called Khan Market to Gurgaon (Gurugram). When we reached the flyover (overpass/motorway/highway/expressway) which can turn off to T-3 (Terminal 3 of the IGI Airport) and were descending enroute to our final destination (around 10:50-11:10PM), I noticed a yellowish-orange light hanging above in front of us (go to link : https://www.shutterstock.com/image-photo/yellowish-orange-background-620780570 for a rough idea about what the light looked like). I looked at it for what I imagine to be about a minute or two (or more, it was like as if time seemed to slow down as I was concentrating on it) at the light, to try to understand and determine what it must be. At first I thought that it might be a plane coming to land, and it did seem as if it was doing that, but then I realized that that might be a subtle optical illusion due to the movement of the car. When I tried to concentrate on what the light might be, and we came to a more straight part of the road, it still seemed to hang there, although the illusion of movement had gone (if it were an illusion, I can’t say for sure). It couldn’t have been a streetlight, even though they were there on the flyover, this is because, you have to be close to a streetlight on its side of the road, even so the light flashes past on your windscreen, it doesn’t hang there. Similarly with a car light, there generally is a glare that increases in intensity as it washes over you, it doesn’t just hang there. It’s unlikely that it was autostasis, I thought to myself, it was a visible light, but it wasn’t « bright », there were no stars out too, due to the light pollution. I hadn’t drunk (I don’t drink) that night(or taken any other stimulants except sugar, even that only about 150-200ml of ginger ale), I had slept not long back and my depression is getting better, so it couldn’t have been a hallucination due to stimulants, chronic fatigue or depression). After doing this initial quick analysis, I looked over to my friend and said, « do you see that light ? », he said, « yes ». And we just sat there looking at it (or atleast I did) for a short while. The light then seemed to move away in a kind of staggered/graded manner which followed a curved path [like the descent, ascent of a (half) sine wave], as it became smaller and then blinked out of existence( blinked out of existence as it was retreating and climbing, but it was what I imagined was a relatively slow move, it may have been fast, but it wasn’t hyper-velocity as you hear in stories or indeed my first sighting). There was no sound either, that could be due to the distance or lack of it (can’t be ruled out, as at times planes that seem near are silent), so it doesn’t preclude a helicopter or plane as the explanation, but they usually have more lights, so it’s unlikely, but not impossible. A possible mundane explanation ? Some joker with a cargo helicopter is going up and down as mischeviously over a highway just for hilarity’s sake alone and then turns off a searchlight, and it just seems that it was faraway. That’s sort of how autostasis was discovered, some goof with a pesticide plane started buzzing a field just to give the appearance of a UFO, although there its lights counted as a bright light against a starry sky. This light was visible, but not as bright as you would imagine if someone said « bright », but it did stand out and was noticeable, amongst all the surface level lights and light pollution, but you did have to be looking at the right place at the right time (which I was fortunately). Maybe it’s some consciousness like Jacques Vallee describes or some higher intelligence willing to be found out like that movie « UFO » with Gillian Anderson, although more mundane explanations should be considered first. When the light was ascending and retreating, there did seem to be a small bulb above the initial light, just about visible when I think about it. Does that invalidate the cargo helicopter theory, or does that mean there was a smaller searchlight over or adjacent to the bigger one ? It still doesn’t explain why the light had no glare and was warm.

Although of course, the real question we need to be asking ourselves is why would entities from another world or dimensions spookily roam around randomly appearing and disappearing ? Do they want to establish contact, or do they just want to survey us, endlessly ? When are they going to be forced to write papers by their scientific establishments as SETI@Home feels the need to after 20+ years of signal searching ? Or have they already ?

Could it be that this light is a plasma UFO ? An atmospheric phenomenon where plasma is created in the atmosphere from say residual lightning or some internal cloud friction which discharges and leaves a trapped charge and this charge follows the geomagnetic field of Earth, which could explain its erratic movement and dissipation. Of course this further asks the question, is yellow-orange lightning and plasma generation possible on Earth (didn’t they have a similar explanation for the Hessdalen Lights, but where is the geological battery and the electrodes and the electrolytes) ? I imagine it’s usually white or blue-white. Yellow-Orange lightning would imply a lower temperature . Signs of residual lightning which have cooled down as they were trapped ? Of course, this requires clouds, and the sky was clear except for air pollution and light pollution. Of course one humourous or possible solution is light reflected off from haze from light pollution, but this wouldn’t be concentrated in one spot, it would be more diffuse.

Unknown, worthy of further inspection and research.

If repeating, easier to study, if not, more difficult.

PS : Chinese lanterns have become more common in India (since 2009), but they are not widespread. If there’s a marriage house near this location (or among the plenty of hotels), it could be that snuffing out or burning up.

Any ‘x ‘ number of possible events and phenomena that I don’t know of, so I have not considered.

Maybe its strangeness is magnified by my odd angle of view, the nighttime and my lack of knowledge about the aeropyrodynamics of Chinese Lanterns.

(Addendum, post-submission, the two blobs when they started to move away just before they disappeared, separated from each other)

(Addendum part 2 : But the speed at which the two blobs moved away from each other, which was slower than what you would expect two balls of fire dissipating in the atmosphere, for me precludes my chinese lantern explanation, unless there is some mitigating factor that I am not aware of. So, truly, for me, this object is unexplained.
