{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-10-30 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517427","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3095,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/427/mufon-5517427.json","updb_database_id":5517427}
Dome shaped, reflected ambient light, center light on bottom with slow rotating lights around it.

I had reported this years ago to MUFON but could not find it here. On a Saturday night before Halloween I had attended a Halloween party at my church. After the party, myself and 2 other kids were playing around in the parking lot while our mothers were cleaning up the room to prepare for Sunday school the next morning. It was around 11:30 at night. We saw unusual lights in the sky close by the church entrance and ran there to get a better look. About 100 feet from Church (Metropolitan Baptist Church at the time, long gone now) entrance was a fairly busy intersection at Gilmore Lane and Preston Hwy. with a considerable amount of lighting from streetlights and local businesses. We saw an object that was round and domed. Its height seemed to be almost equal to its diameter which was clearly visible due to the ambient light. There was a center light on the bottom that was larger than the lights on the perimeter. The perimeter lights were located on the flat bottom and slowly rotated counter-clockwise around the center light. It was completely silent. Its hard to determine the altitude but it seemed low and that if it were to have landed, it appeared it would have taken up entire intersection of about 5 lanes. The 3 of us just stood there watching it for several minutes and debated about crossing the street to get closer (we decided our mothers would kill us if they knew, so we didn't). It hovered there for several more minutes before moving slowly east along the path of Gilmore Ln. until it was out of sight. I wasnt clear of the date until I looked back at a calender for 1976. Our party was the Saturday night before Halloween, which that year was the 30th. When I got home that night I called the airport and a local tv station, no one else had reported anything. I also told my best friend about it (she wasnt with me that night)and while she was skeptical, I don't remember that much ridiculing. 
Almost 3 years later, in the early summer of 1979, my best friend came running into my house and was very excited. I could hardly understand her but she was telling me that "that thing" I told her about years ago was back and she saw it. We went running out of the house and up the street towards Preston Hwy (I lived 2 streets way from the original sighting at the church). It was in the same spot moving in the same direction as before. I had an additional witness on this one!
