{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1961-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5179130","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1122zvt","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5179130,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Report of Russian tact missiles being fired on UFOForm: 97NCP
Date: Updated 19 Feb 2006
From: Francis Ridge, Coordinator
Cat: 10
Distribution: NCP, CE, SHG, Media

Nuclear Connection Project
NCP

Subject: Missile Battery
Fires At Disc, Summer 1961;
UFO Stalls Electrical Apparatus Near
Moscow

Francis
Ridge:
By the 1960s some extraordinary stories - largely
unsubstantiated -
had reached the Western media. According to science writer Alberto
Fenogho, in an article in an Italian journal devoted to missile and
space research, which was subsequently condensed and translated by
Robert Pinotti, claims to have obtained his information from Soviet
sources in the West, including a well-known diplomat. Here is what
Timothy Good reported about one incident from "Above Top Secret",
page 227:

"In the summer of 1961 near Rybinsk, 150 kilometers from Moscow, new
missile batteries were being set up as part of Moscow's defense
network. A huge disk-shaped object allegedly appeared at an estimated
altitude of 20,000 meters, surrounded by a number of smaller objects.
'A nervous battery commander panicked and gave - unauthorized - the
order to fire a salvo at the giant disk,' reported Fenogho. 'The
missiles were fired. All exploded when at an estimated distance of some
two kilometers from the target, creating a fantastic spectacle in the
sky.
The third salvo was never fired, for at this point the smaller
'saucers' went into action and stalled the electrical apparatus of the
whole missile base. When the smaller discoidal UFOs had withdrawn and
joined the
larger craft, the electrical apparatus was again found to be in working
order.'

"What are we to make of these sensational stories? In translating
Fenogho's original article, Robert Pinotti noted that skeptics would
point to the anonymity of Fenogho's informants and conclude that the
reports are a pack of lies. Yet the stories are no more sensational
than those reported in the West, and it seems unlikely that a respected
journal would have published Fenogho's material unless there was some
substance to it."

NCP Home Page
