{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-22 02:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5501984.json","updb_database_id":5501984}
Entity at foot of bed, paralysis, attempt to abduct thru window, light orb was in room.

I have experienced sleep paralysis on average 2 times per week since approximately 1994. I have become accustom as to what to expect with sleep paralysis, what type of entities visit, and what that particular experience should feel like. In recent months, the events that occur alongside with sleep paralysis have been different and I feel it is of extra-terrestrial nature.

Although I have had several experiences that I associate with extra-terrestrial occurrences throughout the nights, I will detail the most recent experience, which happened on March 22, 2014 around 2am.

I was falling asleep and sleep paralysis occurred. But something was different this time. Usually my eyes are open, and I wiggle my big toe, the entities go away (if any are present), and I wake up easily. The entities usually either are at the side of my bed ready to attack me, or just provide an evil presence at the door or at the head of my bed where I cannot visually see the entity. 

This time the experience was different. I was laying on my back with my eyes closed (my eyes are usually easily kept open). I started to wiggle my toe to wake myself up - but I didn't wake up. I realized my eyes were closed - so I opened them. My eyes were unusually heavy, and it was a struggle to keep them open. 

At the foot of my bed there was an entity (usually the entities are, as mentioned above, not at that location).The entity was wearing a dark cloak which covered its face. It was approximately 5 feet tall. The skin was of darker shade and darker eyes. 

Usually with sleep paralysis I do hear sounds (for example, footsteps, papers shuffling, voices, etc.). This particular occurs had no sound whatsoever. No sounds from the entity, and no sounds from the light orb which I will now describe before I describe more detailed events of the entity. 

As the entity stood at the foot of my bed staring at me, I noticed a light orb at the intersection of my ceiling and door. My eyes were still heavy and it was a struggle to keep them open. The light orb was made up of about 20 small balls of light about the size of marbles. I "think" they were white, yellow, and blue. The light orb hovered silently. It glowed. It was beautiful.

My blankets hovered off my body with the entity still at the foot of my bed. At this point I start to think that there are so many things different with this experience than what I am accustomed to. The sense of evil presence was not there (whereas with sleep paralysis it always is there)- it was a rather unique experience. I was not afraid. My body began to hover about 2 feet off of the bed. I "think" my body made 2-3 spins in the air (in the motion a ceiling fan would). At this time I am hovering at my window. I remember my bedroom looking rather long and narrow than what it is supposed to look like. The entity is closer to me now but not touching me. But there is a struggle of some sort at the window - not a struggle with me, as I was paralyzed from the start of the experience , but a struggle with the process. My eyes got so heavy I could not keep them open. That is all that I remember. I would love to know what happened next - I woke up in my bed, with my blankets off. This is strange, as I am a person that even in the heat of the summer, I always feel that I need to have many blankets on me - and the blankets tend to always stay on me. This time, again, was different.

I did a watercolour painting of this experience. I will include if requested, however have not included it in this report.
