{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-17 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101435","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3230,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5459984.json","updb_database_id":5459984}
{tjd} On two consecutive nights a single triangle shape craft passed overhead. It appeared on both occasions to be escorted by

I am ex-military (twenty years Army / Airborne) I consider myself a trained observer with a long history of interest in and work around all types of military and civilian aircraft. I did not recognize the craft I observed. It was clearly outlined against the early evening twilight as it passed almost directly overhead. I immediately noticed it was odd. When it dawned on me what I was seeing I studied it for any features I could recognize. This was what they taught us in the Army. Wings to fuselage ratio, width / length, wings straight or swept?, number and type of engines, etc... This had no engines. It was a solid triangle with one large constant white light at each corner. There was a large red light that appeared to strobe inside a dome protruding from the center bottom. I could not observe the sides or top. The edges were smooth. 

I was sitting on the back porch facing East waiting for a full moon to rise over the Blue Mountains. I heard a deep rumble coming over the house from the West which made me look up. It sounded to me like the sound a jet engine makes when it lands and reverses thrust. I lived and worked around airbases most of my career. I pride myself on being able to identify an aircraft by sound. They all sound different based on the engines they use. This was different. It didn't have the high pitch whine that commercial aircraft have. 

I knocked on the window and yelled at my wife; "UFO, UFO!. She came out and saw it too. It wasn't moving very fast. Another odd thing; slow, deliberate flight. I tried to judge speed; the question I can't answer is height. Obviously it would appear to move slow if it was high. If it was high, say 5 to 10 thousand feet then it was huge. I've watched planes fly over at all kinds of altitudes. Everything about this was odd. We watched it slowly move in a straight line and disappear over the mountains.

I didn't see them when it was overhead but both the wife and I began to notice "fireflies". Small lights (white) would appear and disappear at random intervals and locations in the vacinity of the craft. It was like it was being escorted by a fleet of drones.

On the second night my wife walked out on to the back porch at twilight and made a joke about "it's about this time the UFO showed up..." and we heard the rumble and there it was again. Same, same. West to East, same height, 'fireflies' present... I made a point of watching the night sky with a camera ready on the third night but of course, no show.
