{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41117","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5516984.json","updb_database_id":5516984}
{nd} close to aircraft single landing light very bright approaching my house N.E. direction,3 separate events 1 minute apart and same event the night before,same time,within 500 ft. of house they blink out.

started late june,early july the wife and I go outside to break for a smoke at night. couple of nights a bright red light was observed moving northeast about 1000 ft. growing in intensity turning yellow to white and the light turned off. We began to watch more closely the following nights whenever we would take a break and we began to see white landing/approach light type of light in white about the same alttitude and different directions at night. the lights would always move a short distance and then dim and vanish. then comes july 22 breaktime on our deck for a smoke and here comes the light right over our house and blinks out just overhead. This time under 500 ft. Now we live 20 miles from international airport and live right under twin glide paths for that airport for air traffic landing to the south and no we didn't confuse this sighting with normal air traffic as we are well aware of flight characteristics and FAA regulations. anyway we were discussing this close encounter as being very strange and a second light came over as UPS plane was descending on approach over our house moving south,light was moving northeast same direction as before and about 1000 ft. from UPS plane and below at about their 2, 0 clock position and the light again blinked out just before crossing under UPS inbound plane. As my wife and I pondered this event here come s a third light,same direction and altitude and it blinked out over our house. End of event that night,but you know we would would pay attention the next night so we told our son and asked if he would like to see something weird the next night and he agreed. I did not expect to see a repeatof that event,who would,but one can hope. Comes the night of july 23 about midnight and me my wife and son were waiting and here they come again same time ono by one,3 total and each one blink out right at our house. Ther were aircraft on approach landing again this night. Were going to try it again tonight july 24 and see what happens,maybe this could get interesting. for the record I am former ARMY Airborne and am a trained observer and have knowledge of all types of aircraft.....
