{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-28 02:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3687,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5480984.json","updb_database_id":5480984}
{nd} I saw the ufo hovering in a hidden Valley near the road I was driving on, it was below the horizon.

I was forced to leave my hunting camp near Buzzard Creek where myself and my friends had been archery hunting for elk, it was opening weekend. I have an old back injury from my time in the U.S. Army and it had become very painfull because of the previous day of riding an ATV in search of an elk. I awoke at 2300hrs august 27th on my cot curled in a ball, sweating profusely, I had unbelievable pain in my back and abdomin. I layed on the cot a few hours waiting for it to pass but it only got worse. I'm a registered nurse and after considering that I may have a gall stone or twisted bowel, the pain made it difficult to function. I packed a few of my things and told my friends I was leaving and heading to the hospital, they all had their kids and families, so the only option was for me to drive myself. I was driving north on the Silt Cutoff towards I-70, which was approx 45 miles away on a remote and mostly dirt and mud road. The road crests near a location called mud hill, then it drops into a large valley filled with steep canyons and oak brush, the road zig zags down this steep section of road. I had gotten about half way down the zig zags and came out of a section where the road is covered with tall oaks and I saw this object about 300-400 yds away, hovering with multiple lights that almost looked like colored windows, while it was stationary, it appeared to slowly tilt in different directions. This is the second time in my life where I've had such an encounter, so I wasn't very nervous, but my pain was very severe and all I could think about was getting medical care. I stopped and watched the object for a minute or so and then wanted to make sure it wasnt a structure on the hill, it wasn't, it was free floating. I attempted to film it from inside the cab, but the ambient light from the dash wouldnt allow for zooming. I then stepped out of my truck and filmed it and was able to get 23 seconds of good footage. I couldnt stand the pain anymore than that and decided to continue to get help. The object remained there even after I drove away. I could see it in the rear view mirror as I was driving, I wanted to make sure it didn't follow me. I could have gotten much more footage had I stayed. I'm no stranger to this type of thing. I actively do Bigfoot research and have had many terrifying encounters with them, so this was easy for me to deal with. I was just relieved that this time I got some footage and I have to say, it is quite impressive. As usual, the camera makes it appear furthur away than it actually was. I could see it was a solid structure surrounded my flashing and changing lights. I do wish I hadnt been sick, I cant imagine what I would have filmed had I stayed.I will attempt to attach the video, but have had problems with that due to file size. If attachment fails, please call me and I will gladly get it to you somehow. Thanks
