{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-18 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71668","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3106,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5487984.json","updb_database_id":5487984}
{rjl} 2 lights 1 bright blue (left) 1 bright red (right) pulsing hovering left right up down no sound

1 the back yard of my home walking to the car in my car port to search for a pacifier.
2 Hair stood up in the back of my neck and something in my mind told me to look up
3 A UFO
4 It hovered over the treetops roughly 50-100 feet shot left 50 feet or so hovered back right and began descent I left the object briefly to get my wife to witness it when we both came back it was behind the tree line at that point it was a bright blue (left) and bright red (right) level object that pulsated
5 During the sighting I immediately knew it was a UFO I was extremely excited and a bit scared. I used a lot of profanity and remember saying 'GD! this is it GD!' I attempted to take some video but for some i couldn't find it in the camera I switched my phone over to photo and and snapped a picture but still couldn't find it then my phone died unexpectedly. I then ran to get my wife brought her to the backyard and she witnessed it as well but from behind trees. Roughly 1 hour later I heard a whiting sound and my wife and I could hear my oldest son who sleeps In the room next to us crying. I went to check on him and it appeared he had woken from a nightmare. I brought him to
The bed with me and my wife to calm
Him and When I asked him if he had a nightmare he said 'no.' When I asked him what was wrong he said he was scared. When I asked him if he had a goosebumps television show dream he said 'no I was awake' so I asked him what are you scared of he said 'I don't want to go to the Stars' and my wife asked me if that was something he saw in the goosebumps movie today and I said 'yes' but it wasn't I lied so I would not scare her. At that point I thought my
Son may have been asked to go to the stars by something' after a minute passed I confessed to my wife that nothing like what my son was describing had happened in the movie and that I just said it did so I wouldn't 'freak her out' 

I asked my son why he was scared of going to the stars because he has a sticker mural of the solar systemI
In his room and he said 'because it was too high'

6At first I lost sight of the object because I ran to get my wife to witness it. She did witness it but at that point it was just a light behind the trees
