{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-04 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64469","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5618,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5494984.json","updb_database_id":5494984}
{nd} Witnessed a light in the sky that moved back and forth before as I was atop a mountain

It was the morning of April 4 2015 at about 0600; or right before the sun rose above the mountains in the distance.

Psychedelic use was involved so let that be known. That said I have had a lot of experience with psychedelic medicines and I had taken a very low dose and was not in a state where I would see objects that weren't there.

This was the shortly after the lunar eclipse had maximized. I was waiting for sky spirits to come and was actively asking them to visit us (my brother an I).

First I see a light that's blinking. About the size of a light of a plane that you would see. This light is the only light that appeared for hours in the sky. At first its far away then I comes straight towards us and eventually goes overhead and past us towards the direction of where the sun rises. 

As it was overhead we were also watching the lunar eclipse which was in the opposite direction of sunrise. Before it past us I witnessed a shooting star as well. So it passes us and goes FAR into the distance toward mountains in the direction where the sun rises.

Later we see another light coming from a different direction. It starts off going towards Lake Elsinore; going along the "mountain chain" that we were atop. Then as I'm talking about sky spirits and joking with my brother that it might be one, it begins to turn abruptly and then goes off in a completely different direction (towards the mountains in the direction in which the sun rises)

We continue to watch this blinking light. Then I start to noticed a weird electronic interference in the music we're listening to on my phone. As this is occurring I see another light start to blink in and out in the direction where the previously mention light was going. Note: at this point the light is miles away.

Then out of nowhere I hear the loud wind sound of something passing by overhead. When I look up I see a bright orb of light moving before me. Still at least around a mile away and note we are on top of a mountain so it's hundreds of feet above us and we're already hundreds of feet above Temecula Valley. 

So as I'm watching this light I feel a spiritual and emotional connection to the light. I mention to my brother if it was a sky spirit why should it have to prove itself to us? If it was one I could only imagine that it would find it ridiculous and disrespectful for a human to demand it to prove itself that it is itself. 

Anyways as I'm saying this, and we're watching the light, and I'm feeling connected to the being, my phone changes the song randomly to a remix I had created with a talk by Chief Golden Light Eagle / Standing Elk about the key to happiness. 

I was in awe. I felt connected to the spirit, and I believe it changed the song to remind us and help us how to live a better life. As the song is playing the light is moving in arcs before us (albeit at least 1-5 miles away) watching us. Nearly as soon as the song ends the light begins to fade away and head off into the sunrise.

I should note a couple of things. This object had a strange trail; almost like a comet. Also I should note that the other two blinking lights we witnessed had since disappeared as we had stopped watching them as the other light was much closer and demanded our attention. 

Another thing of note is that my brother witnessed all of this as well, but the last objection we saw he witnessed as a dark sphere with a strange trail/tail. So we both witnessed some kind of strange flying objection; however I witnessed a sphere of white/yellow light and he witnessed a dark orb. 

Another thing I would like to note is that we have witnessed strange things like this a handful of times atop said mountain during other astronomical events such as meteor showers, full moons, etc.

Lastly I should note that while we were under the influence of 2g psilocybin mushrooms; I don't feel that that discounts what we saw. Anyone who has experience with psychedelics will tell you that 2g of mushrooms does not occur hallucinations; it causes visual distortions. I should note that I am quite experienced with said medicines and I was in a very mild state of the medicine. 

My theory on psychedelics and ufo/spirit contact is that it opens you up to them. On top of that psychedelics seem to raise your energy/aura so to me it makes sense that it would cause us to be almost like flares that signal the sky spirits; especially considering we were on top of a mountain during the full moon during a total lunar eclipse.

That's all for now. All I know is that if you want to have an experience like this climb to the peak of one of the mountains in the Temecula Valley area (especially those that border the Santa Rosa Plateau) during an astronomical event (full moon, new moon, meteor showers, etc) and if you're not against psychedelic use take a little bit of mushrooms or something and wait all night and you may witness something.
