{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97973","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2613,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5462984.json","updb_database_id":5462984}
{jpg} invisibility cloak, electrical antigravity engines, aircraft carrier size, 3 engines, triangle

I was delivering a pizza. I noticed the light and tried to identify the vehicle as I do with all lights in the sky. I thought it was an odd exterior light for an airplane. The object could not be seen and the light was odd so I filmed it on an Iphone. At this point, all I could see was the light. Suddenly, the ship and the engines could be seen at only one angle and I was standing at that spot. A large triangular plate bottom with no features and 3 globe engines with faintly lighted electrical arcs in the center of living room sized globe filled with liquid metal that hummed like high powered electrical lines overhead. The vehicle moved at 26 miles per hour towards me, actually hovered for a second before it just started moving at a 90 degree angle and resumed a 26 mph speed. The change in direction made it easy to estimate the size of the whole craft. The engine I had thought to be the craft then blinked out. The vehicle moved in the direction of the now brighter engine. I got the heebie jeebies when it was about to move directly over me and got the heck out of there. When driving away I saw something unexpected, 2 more of the same crafts shooting down out of the upper upper atmosphere at high speed and slowed quickly to the 26 mph speed at the point where I started filming the first ship. A caravan of UfOs. I know the speed because I paced the first craft from almost underneath it while fleeing. I can identify the exact decent path and can speculate the landing location. I did not lose sight of the object, I fled from the object and so would have you. Unless you are at the right spot and angle all you can see is the very faint glow of probably one engine. You would think the engine is the whole vehicle. I got such a good view of the engine I am pretty sure I have a good idea of how it works now. The invisibility of the craft itself....I have no idea how they did that. I have video of it.
