{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-07 21:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3399,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5495984.json","updb_database_id":5495984}
{cak} Large bLack triangle shape with very bright flashing alternate color lights

Large bLack triangle shape Flying Object with very bright flashing alternate color lights (matched description the description of the person who reported a Flying Object over Baskng Ridge, NJ). 

I was out in my side yard walking the dog when I heard a very strong rumbling hum coming from across the street. I turned around and saw a very low flying aircraft coming over the tree tops of the field across the street. I stood there and watched it approach me and fly right over my head. I was looking directly up into its undercarraige. There were extremely bright colored flashing lights in varying colors of red, blue, white and maybe green. 

I could feel the vibration of the rumbling hum just like you would "feel" a low flying helicopter thumping overhead. It did not have a sound of propoltion; it was more of a hovering sound. Even the dog looked straight up in the air to see what he was hearing and feeling. He cowered a little, but didn't bolt.

It was movin very slow, I worried about it falling out of the sky onto our heads. 

Its size was large like an aircraft. There is 50' of grass between the edge of our house and the woods next door. The aircraft going over my head spanned that entire distance and more. It was only maybe 50-100 feet above the tree tops and roof (two stories). It continued across the back of my yard and across the next two neihbor's (no trees/a few acres) back yards; when it reached the next treeline it turned south. I never took my eyes off it. It took several minutes before it was out of my signt. 

I never felt threatened by it, just curious about how something could fly so low and slow without falling. 

I immediately asked my husband if he had heard it, but he had earbuds in his ears for his Ipad. The next morning I called my neighbor to see if they had seen it (it went right across their yard). She said she didn't see it but she and her sons had heard it just after 9:00 and they commented that it was flying very low. She added that her two sons had seen it the month before while outside in their hottub (the same time of night and also a cloudless night). They came in and told her about it and that it was not like any normal aircraft (there father is pilot and they watch and identify planes all the time). 

I had heard it the month before as well, but by the time I got to the back of the house to look it was already over the neighbors yards but was low and had the flashing colored lights.

We assumed it was some military training aircraft from a local Airforce Base. We are under their training route. Frequently military aircraft pass over here.

I did report it to the state and their response was that it was probably a military aircraft.
