{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4193,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5510984.json","updb_database_id":5510984}
Yorkshire A19 near thirsk towards mboro sighting three bright lights and another

I was home from visiting friends I was microwaving my leftover chinese i went out for a quick smoke.
I don't like to look at the sky for long these days as i recall on holiday on two seperate camping sites last summer seeing bright hovering craft which looked spherical and moved bizzarly with bright lights moving across the craft. Each was seen in two camping sites over a period of nights around the same time. I recall a man posted a youtube video similar to what i saw a few miles from where i was staying in one venue down south. 

So moving onto today I go out for a quick smoke (cigarette not weed) 
I have my mobile to check my messages, I laugh inside at my caution that im afraid ill see another ufo. (Sadly i am abit psychic like that) 
Suddenly i hear what sounds like a roar im afraid and then i see three lights sounds like a jet engine its soo low down and roars im busy swearing in fear and trying to grab my rubbish phone with bad quality camera, this bright thing goes over the garden the lights of it light up the sky, it goes in a matter of seconds my phone only picked up the roar. I will try see if anything else came out. But its a cheap phone unfortunately. :( 
But literally seconds as the first flies over the ground shakes and im ducking its so loud and low and it darts off into the distance another with a different pattern of lights darts by and disaperes into the distance or ducks under the large hill in the distance i don't know they move at such speed. I am of sane mind i have no history of mental health i am on pain relief for bad legs but not enough to cause vivid hallucinations that light up my garden and i don't drink or take drugs. 
I've seen alot of orbs in the sky previously in camping and a variety of usual lights. But tonight there seemed to be orbs like these ones in nearly every direction flashing but remaining stationary unlike aircraft which have flashes but slowly move across the sky often orange or white lights not this. I wonder if the orbs...,? if they were observing these two super craft that flew over me, I only heard the one that was low and shook the ground and was so bright. It was almost triangular? three bright main lights. It was so bright my eyes hurt. And the other more circular pattern with no noise just darting. Now the a19 road is near me a few fields acres away and i recognize lorrys and vechicles roaring up the road this sound was different. 
I am sorry my typing isnt great in this as i cannot see the small text in writing on this site my eyes still hurt from the bright lights in the sky and i have limited dexterity in my fingers so please bear with when reading this many thanks kind regards. If you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask me. If you also see something strange in north yorkshire or saw something weird near devon or cornwall you can skype me; fairyofdeath1 
I also saw a strange hovering item a few weeks ago hovering above a hedge at looked like a mini weather ballon i really couldn't tell. It wasn't big. 
I have seen similar on youtube. 
I hope Mufon can tell me what these strange things are. Bit shaken up.
I have seen ghosts, i have seen ufos now I don't want to see anymore. :( 

I am writing this on my kindle please contact me if you would like to see my rubbish quality video you can hear the roar engine loud and the lights show very slight a purple flash almost on my phone i can't work it out. I am not very tech savvy i can try upload the video. Let me know if that helps.
