{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3992,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5525984.json","updb_database_id":5525984}
Red firey/flickering object flew across the sky in random flight patern, very bright in the middle of the day

Its almost a year later recalling this story, but I still remember it like it just happened. The wife and I were camping up-north @ Onaway State Park. Unfortunately the park was pretty empty; every one showed up the day before the 4th and left the park the day after so I'm not sure if anyone else even saw besides us, we were the only ones on that half of the campground.
 On one of the last days we were there I came out of our tent in the middle of the day and, don't ask me why, I looked at the horizon through the trees in the direction of the lake and saw a stationary red glowing/flickering object. At first I thought it was a jet or something... to be honest I wasn't sure. I called my wife over and asked her what she thought it was, her first answer was 'UFO'. Although I do believe in this sort of stuff, I'm also a very rational person and never though I would see anything of the sort. I know that there used to be an aircraft base within 50 or 100 miles of the campground (I'm almost positive that its inactive now, however if someone can confirm this or not) as well as a few airports here and there; at this point I'm running through a list of what kind of jet it could have been.
 I've seen lots and lots of jets (childhood hobby) including a F16 go sling wing right over my house just to disappear FAST... that's not the same glow this was, before or after, not even close. It just hung in the sky at first and seemed to take forever for it to start moving although I'm sure that it was only a matter of 5 or so seconds after we noticed it. It traveled across the horizon varying in elevation at a moderate speed (not extremely fast) an inch or so up and down one or two times from my perspective (it was way out there and very bright, another reason why I didn't think it was a jet). It's movements seemed random, not extremely quick, but sudden. My wife was a bit "freeked out" so I sprinted down to the water just in time to see it disappear, literally disappear. I did loose sight of it for several seconds (10-20) running through the woods to get to the water. Again I did see it disappear AFTER I got to the water.
 I wasn't sure how to react or how I felt about the situation, I had some skepticism, but then was skeptical of my skepticism. I said "its a jet" only to say that there was no way that color matched anything I had ever seen (I'm no expert). Tossing that out the window, how does a jet just disappear without the jets/visuals getting smaller and eventually disappearing? I took fireworks into consideration for about a nanosecond due to how the object acted as well as how long it lasted. I'm yet to see a firework travel horizontal.
 After seeing the Dan Akroyd documentary and hearing about this site, I had to share. I only recently even shared this story with my co-workers after one or two of them shared a similar story. I, at this point, am convinced that it was no known man made craft. Looking at some pictures while writing this paragraph the color was IDENTICAL to the red lights that seem to appear on the big deltas although I only saw one light and it was flickering for sure. As soon as I saw the pictures and that shade of red, I got chills and my eyes got watery. I may just be convincing my self of what I saw... but I'm convinced.
