{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-16 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292984","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110332","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2233,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/984/mufon-5292984.json","updb_database_id":5292984}
Gray are taller than green

Leave ringing in my ears and very loud discussions. Hatefulness and threats. Disgusting sexual manipulation physically felt and threatened when refusing advances. Choking, cutting of neck, needling to bring you into the human they are using as a puppet, conversations of who to abduct and they use people who they feel has something to hide. They find out anything about you and repeat it over and over to scare you into their way of thinking. They spread disease, heart attacks are the choice of the main threatening vice. They give commands on who to sleep with through your own body to hear and affect another living being-that may not even be human. They combine homes, businesses and even other longitudes and latitudes-grid one or more on top of one another and take over/affect that portion of that specific measurement. They have a fake Jesus, Satan, Lumanti (that is called to back things out they don't want) and Lucifer to puppet people in a literal software that can go on with constant ridiculous commands on a person's brain until you can barely move. Vehicles turn into airplanes, Helicopters, small two engine and small planes (8453 Goshen Road, Edwardsville, IL 62025 and that entire area flights were seen) Baxley, Georgia and now Oswego, Illinois and Yorkville IL. People who are affected, abducted and or are not people at all....walk oddly, skin looks rotting, sporadic movements, thinning hair, bad health, affliction to devices (as cellphones are used the most). I have seen in daylight a large gold flying saucer with windows and recently small iridescent ones. The largest one was not visible.
