{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474118","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86223","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3103,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/118/mufon-5474118.json","updb_database_id":5474118}
{rjl} It appears to be 4 or 5 foot tall, almond shaped black eyes,two holes for a nose, shining luminescent type skin,and it's difficult to see if it even has a mouth.The body is covered by some kind red oddly shaped suit or something it appears to be wea

Six years ago my wife and I witnessed a ten to twenty foot diameter silver sphere just above the trees. The sphere was moving slowly and wasn't more than a hundred yards from us.(completely silent) I turned to get my father s attention to look at this thing and by the time turned back it was gone. I immediately took off on the four wheeler to try and find it, I couldn't find it anywhere. Now ,six years later. I am an avid whitetail deer Hunter. That being said I do use my trail camera quite often. I move it around alot to get a good idea of the animals using the area. I have collected thousands of picture of many different animals using this method. About a week ago 8/14/17 I captured a picture that sent chills down my back.The picture was taken at night but my the camera didn't use it's night vision as usual. it usually gives a black and white picture at night.This picture is in color with an unknown light source shining down through the trees on to this entity. This entity or being is facing the camera only 15 feet away. It appears to be 4 or 5 foot tall, almond shaped black eyes,two holes for a nose, shining luminescent type skin,and it's difficult to see if it even has a mouth.The body is covered by some kind red oddly shaped suit or something it appears to be wearing.Also there are two animal skulls with it,one small skull on it's shoulder and another looks like a deer skull at it's feet that it appears to be hanging onto. It looks like you can see a hand and a foot coming out from under the red garment it's wearing. Very strange.I have before and after pictures and I have looked over the area good but there was no evidence left behind.There really is no other explaination for what this could be. I am a quiet ,reserved family man/ Carpenter. I have no idea what to do with this picture or who to tell. I did share it with a local law enforcement officer but only because he is a long time friend.It spooked him,he said I should send it in somewhere.but I don't know.maybe you could help me. I forgot to mention that the ufo and the picture happened in the same area. Its an 11 acre wooded piece of property off the Oswegatchie River in Ogdensburg Ny. It a summer camp. Thank you for your time,I hope to hear back from you
