{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-17 17:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463118","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97838","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/118/mufon-5463118.json","updb_database_id":5463118}
2 objects brightly faded into view while on Wilmington bridge. Headed north better safer veiw. Stopped was able to briefly film one but had to move, traffic. While moving they disappeared.

While riding my motorcycle west over the Cape Fear Rivers Northern Wilmington bridge, I noticed 2 strange bright objects appear in the western sky. One seconds after the other. They were bright and fat cigar shaped and appeared to be hovering. They appeared far off, 3 to 5 miles and approximately 2000 to 3000ft AGL. The sun had gone down and the horizon was a pinkish purple and absolutely cloudless with no contrails and void of any aircraft. It was extremely clear. The objects seemed to have there own somewhat bright white light about them that covered their entire existence.
  Not being able to stop on the bridge I turned north on US-Hwy 421. After traveling 1 or 1.5miles to a spot just beyond the Eagle Island Country Store, I pulled over and began to film with my iPhone. One object was visible and the other was partially visible through trees. Was able to film the one to the right for 39 seconds before realizing I was in a dangerous place. I stopped filming to try and get further off the road but in doing so the objects had vanished. 
  After being around aircraft all my life and having a passion for planes, I could not relate this to anything I1ve ever seen ie: strobes, landing lights, search lights, NAV lights, flares, halos etc. And there was no reflection due to the sun was set and not visible. If it had been up, the objects would have been backlit as well. The atmosphere seemed strangely empty with only the pinkish purple hue that was visible oddly in all directions.
