{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-28 20:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508118","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50386","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4789,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/118/mufon-5508118.json","updb_database_id":5508118}
{cak} Solid Yellow Light (no blinking) appeared, traveled side to side then straight away

I want to start by stating a few things. I have lived next to major international airports, small municipal airports, executive airports, air force bases, and the national guard. I have observed just about every type of flying craft in the air at one point or another, including satellites, weather balloons, high flying flocks of birds, launched spacecraft, military jets, bombers, etc. and feel that I am able to recognize something out of the ordinary in the sky. I also have spent most of my life in the desert southwest of the USA and have seen my fair share of military aircraft, both experimental and not. I am an astronomy buff and a photographer.

I was driving to a store, traveling almost due west. I am always looking up at the sky watching the approaching and departing planes coming to and from Henderson Executive Airport and McCarran International Airport. This night I had been watching the planes on approach as where I was driving they both had approaching planes coming in pretty low and there were quite a few due to the upcoming weekend and holiday. I noticed an object much higher than a plane due to the fact that it first appeared by becoming visible by fading from a deep orange-red to a yellow-white light in about a second. Since I have seen a lot of these objects in the skies over Vegas I watched knowing it would most likely do something odd. Once visible it moved to the right a bit (south), stopped, then moved to the left (north), and stopped again (these objects always remind me of bugs in the way they move and dart around). I had been approaching a red light as I watched this, so I grabbed my iPhone and began recording video once I had stopped (FAIR WARNING, MUTE SOUND ON THE VIDEO. My stereo was cranked and I didn't have time to turn it off). At this point the object began to move slowly to the East (going from about 80 degrees West to almost directly above me at 90 degrees). It seemed to slow and pick up speed. Once the red light changed I quickly pulled over and tried to spot the object again, but in the twenty seconds it had taken me to get off the road it had already vanished.

Video notes: The object is located in the middle of the screen, slightly towards the bottom when the video starts. There is a visible star in the upper right corner that you can use to track the object against. Again, mute the sound. I had my stereo blasting and had no time to turn it down as I was recording while stopped at a light. My apologies for the quality. This was taken with an iPhone.

When I first starting seeing these objects (sometimes individually, sometimes in groups) it really freaked me out. I first saw them in a group late at night and their behavior truly reminded me of bugs. Las Vegas is a very heavy light pollution area, so when you see what look like stars (except they don't twinkle) moving around very slowly in various directions, stopping, then moving in different directions, you notice. Since then Ive been trying to record video and images of the objects I see (including others of different descriptions, including a few odd ones during the day on 8/9/13 and 8/10/13). Ive obtained a very nice DSLR and telephoto lens and have purchased a tripod for my iPhone to help assist in capturing video. A new camcorder in also on my list. Id say about half of my sightings have been witnessed either by my boyfriend or someone else in the city (as Ive confirmed by seeing other peoples reports after the fact). I don't really get freaked out anymore because this has been so common.

I have five images from much earlier this same day of another of these objects moving across the sky at about 4:45am. I was using my new DSLR and telephoto lens to take pictures of the stars and noticed one moving from East to West (I was facing NNW). I was lucky enough to have the camera already on the tripod so I quickly snapped a few shots. As this is unlikely to be the exact same object, I will submit these images in a separate report.
