{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-20 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510118","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48293","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4674,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/118/mufon-5510118.json","updb_database_id":5510118}
{dr}White/Yellow light, moving slowly. Stops for a few seconds, light dims, then streak of light with a tail going up into sky

Me and my girlfriend were in the driveway of my parents home, about to get into our cars from a night of dinner and visiting with them. Just before she got into her car, I gave her a hug and held her, during which I noticed a light up in the sky out in the distance beyond her above the tree line. I should mention my parents live in the middle of the city, not in the country. Just a typical suburban setting. Id say... At first there was nothing unusual about this light. It reminded me of a plane, and for the first 1/2 second or so that was what I thought it was, as it was a regular, plain yellowish/whiteish light. However, in the other 1/2 half of that first second I noticed it was moving, in the direction of where I was located, but not as fast as a plane should have been going. My next thought was it could have been a satellite in orbit. Following that thought was that could not be the case, it was much too bright for that and too close. As mentioned earlier, it was far enough away and high enough in the sky I thought it was a plane, and did think so for the next few seconds....

About 4 or 5 seconds into watching this "plane", the light dimmed. It was still visible, but by now it was much smaller in diameter then before, Id say about 1/2-3/4 of the size it was. It was still yellow/white in color. But what was really incredible was what happened next! As I see it getting dimmer, there is a time, which Id say was less than 1/2 a second again, where th dimming stops as well as the light itself quits moving. Remember, this whole time it is moving in my direction very, very slowly. In the next.... 3/4 of a second I see in the area brighten up really quick and shoot up, creating a tail. It reminded me instantly of a shooting star, except it was out into space, the tail was angled up , not straight up but at an angle as thought to get into space. The head of this "shooting star" had what I thought was some blue in the light, while the tale had some hints of orange. 

Mind you, this all happened very quickly. I would imagine from me first seeing it to the ending lasted no more than 15 seconds. My poor girlfriend, I was huging her and she was talking to me, bless her little heart when she noticed I had a look of "what on earth is that?!?" on my face, and realized I was not paying attention, turned around and saw the shooting star going up and out into space.

As mentioned, at first I thought it was a plane. After seeing it was going too slow I thought itwas something else. What I first thought of was the soap opera "Guilding Light", in which the lantern or light or what have you, is rotating. The light was also not a round light, not a perfect circle. In fact, it was somewhat box like, not quite 100% but had some.... Hard to define edges. That was another reason I thought of that soap opera, it did for some reason bring up a light in a lantern for some reason in my mind.

As it shot up into the air, I couldnt believe what I was seeing! Sure, planes might turn off their lights for whatever reason. Objects can slow down in the air or maybe it was a helicopter or blimp, who knows. With Whitman AFB only 60 miles southeast of where this is located it wouldnt have surprised me much if it was one of those guys. We see the B-2s fly around here once in a blue moon so you never know what to expect. HOWEVER... I have NEVER heard or seen anything do what I saw last night. The little 8 or 9 year old thought it was pretty cool, but the grown up in me kept thinking "what the hell is that!"

Please feel free to contact me regarding this event. It happened so fast I didn't get a chance to get a picture of it. However I did get the time right after, 10:40pm on the dot, and my compass app on my iPhone had the approximate direction as West North West. I then texted myself a description of what happened within the first 5 minutes, and posted this on MUFONs site as soon as I possibly could.
