{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-09-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498118","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61137","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2789,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/118/mufon-5498118.json","updb_database_id":5498118}
{dr}Returning from skating when I noticed lights. Pulled over, exited car to watch.

I had taken my children to the roller rink in Jacksonville and after leaving to head home,I had just started to enter the ramp to the Main Street bridge, when bright lights to my right caught my eye. They looked strange so I pulled off and stopped the car. It was late and I saw no other traffic and it was pretty dark on the side street. My children and I got out of the car to watch the lights. We heard no sound but the object appeared to be a row of windows. It looked like several small squares of bright light in a row. At the time we first observed it, it was stationary, and was hovering across the river from us. That was where the Jacksonville ship yards was. The squares of light began to rotate counter clockwise and move forward for several feet. It would then hover for a few seconds and then move clock wise and move backwards. The light was sort of blue white and we could not see inside the craft. After approx. 10 minutes it started to move east and in the blink of the eye it was gone..I was amazed. My oldest son was 12 at the time and I didn't think to tell him not to say anything to anyone. The next day when he came home from school he was upset. He had told his science teacher about the sighting and his teacher had laughed at him.  My parents believed us but we didn't tell anyone else. We have kicked this around the family over the years and my cousin joined the Air Force and he became a colonel. When he would come for a visit we would kid him and ask about Area 51 or Groom Lake. He would just smile and say he didn't know what we were talking about. He did finally tell my son that he had to sign something saying he could not talk about any of his job for 75 years. I told him he would be dead by then and he said that was the idea. I was just sitting at home tonight and I happened to see your program on the history channel about the pilot sightings in the 50's. It was very interesting. I have always wondered if anyone else had seen something that night. I guess it is impossible to know at this late date but I always wanted to tell someone who would not think we were nuts.
