{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-06-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493118","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4456,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/118/mufon-5493118.json","updb_database_id":5493118}
{nd} was on devils mtn and was observing the sky. Just saw the stars fade as it passed uder them

I was up on Devils Mountain with friends. while they were around the fire I moved off to the peak of the mountain which was about50-100yrds away from the camp fire. I really enjoy viewing the stars and wanted a better view away from the fire and the rest of the group. When I looked to the north I noticed that the stars seemed to fade away. I didn't give it much thought for a bit. Was looking at a constellation just to the north when the stars were fading out and a bit later come back. AS this event continued I began to see what might be a outline of something in the sky. When it was nearly over me I was able to see the outline of this object. Soon after that I was able to detect a boomerang shape to the object. I had to really look to see this thing as the body of the ship just seemed a dark area in the sky and if you were not trying to see it...you wouldn't. This ship made NO noise, nor wobble, nor shift direction. It was going straight south. I saw nothing come from it or enter it. No lights of any kind. What I saw was a boomerang shaped very very large object going from the north to the south, in what seemed at a very slow speed. Once it was going past me I noticed two things...first, It was in fact going at a fast speed and second it was very very large..did I already say that. once it had passed I just stared at the sky wondering if I had really seen something and do I tell anyone. After a brief period I realized that I had really seen a UFO and that I could not tell anyone. Back in the mid 60s one didn't tell anyone of things like this as you would be laughed at and put down..the funny farm for you. I thought about this event every day for a long time. I knew I had seen a ufo because 1. the size was far far larger then anything we had or anyone had..I know, Ive already said that. 2.once I realized the speed I knew that anything we have that could go that speed was a jet fighter. This object was many times larger than a jet fighter(I began to realize it was hundreds of times larger then a fighter..no one had something like this)..OK I said it again, but it was LARGE. 3. the silence of this ship was even quieter than a blimp...NO noise period. 

 Over the next few days I started to wonder many things. Where was it going, where did it come from, do we need to be afraid, who was in it, does anyone else know of this, can I tell anyone about this, I really really really want to see this craft up close, in the day time, on the ground. I want to go inside, go to mars and Saturn. I want to see the people and talk to them. Maybe get a gift from them.

 That was how I felt and do to this day when I think about it. My hands are shaking and I feel cold. After 50 yrs I still get goose bumps when thinking about it. Still wonder what they were doing and does our government know about them, and should I say anything...just keep my mouth shout like Ive done all these years.

 I am sorry I could not or would not say anything until now. I didn't know what would happen to me or my family. My Stepdad scared me, the government scared me a lot more. As I know "they have very long arms"

 I wish I could tell you more but it would be going over the same thing I just told you. It was dark, the object was dark, it lasted just 5mins or less. thanks for having this site for people like me. I really hope more people come out. I want the government to tell the truth, so it bothers some people..get over it. The Catholic church has even come out and said there are others out there. WE CAN HANDLE IT. Ok then..just tell me. Let me see those aliens you have and the documents you have and the films. I wont tell anyone..really. Like that well ever happen. 

 Thanks again and keep up the great work. Best wishes, Dan
