{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-17 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520118","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/118/mufon-5520118.json","updb_database_id":5520118}
star like shape amoung the stars rushing in different directions.

Hello everyone hope you would believe my story.
As usual every evening after dinner i use to watch the star and i can remember that friday the children were doing their homework as i could easily hear them as i was on the terrace speaking to myself and the temperature was high it was a hot evening . while watching the stars i found one star like object going south n at first i thought it was a falling star so i wanted to make a wish but suddenly i noticed its keep on going so i said to myself its a dream or something really going out there, i kept gazing till its dissapeared then when i turn on my left side i noticed another one going slightly to the north west direction i was shocked but happy also as its only in science fiction film that we see these things. curiosity strike me so i began to search up there i can still remember the pain on my neck and i could also another one going in the south direction. I didn't tell anyone as i could not believe my eyes.

The next day again i keep an eyes on the star at the same time 7.30 pm and the same things happen. I told my children and they saw and we were afraid and perplex don't know the real words as my english is horrible . Every evening we keep a watch on it and we see the same thing thats is star like objects rushing sometimes to the north or the south. FRom that date till now I still watch it from my terrace and its a pleasure watching it. As for my hubby he saw it and said its a satellite i don't believe him as he didn't watch it like we did every evening. still today we watch it and don't know what to say. Is there anyone to explain it i don't know if so let times tell.
yesterday after watching it again i said to myself lets investigate about it and then i found this site, so here i am.
hope someone will beleive my story its real i can show it.
