{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-23 06:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491055","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68516","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2381,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/055/mufon-5491055.json","updb_database_id":5491055}
{rjl} Distant unmoving object

I was heading home from work in DeKalb on Peace Rd. when I noticed two objects in the North to North East sky. Their distance appeared to be at some point North of Sycamore; perhaps within a mile of the more northern crossing of Peace and Rt. 23. and more in line with Airport Rd.
I watched them to see if movement was apparent. The sky was relatively clear and not much for markers to judge with. when they didn't seem to be moving, I considered they might be helicopters checking high tension lines, but there are none in that area and they were too high to be doing that. I couldn't identify any structure indicating a tail or wings either man made or natural. At the distance I was at (approx. 3-4 miles away) they looked to be little more than circles or balls. They didn't reflect the sunlight and there was no flickering to indicate movement or lights.
Other possibilities that I dismissed were kites (being so early I highly doubt it), paragliders (again unlikely due to time of day and also lack of movement), and hawks (no movement as if they were riding the thermals)
The first object was perhaps 1000 ft up at most. The second was about equidistant between the first and the ground and was more East from the first at an angle of 30-45 degrees.
I watched as long as I could and even took a more rural road over to Airport rd. to maintain eye contact, but the trees eventually obscured them as i got closer. By the time i reached Rt. 64, and have a relatively unobstructed view, they were gone. I even went out of town and searched the skies with nothing but open fields and still found nothing.

I'm not willing to call these UFOs but definitely an Unknown. I hope someone else will have seen these as well and be able to collaborate this event.
