{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497055","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/055/mufon-5497055.json","updb_database_id":5497055}
{dr}Four bird shaped(triangle shaped?) objects glowing white moving from right to left across the sky until out of site no more than 10 seconds before gone

Despite the fact I was at a new years party, I was standing outside with two of my friends who were smoking cigarettes. I was looking up at the sky like I always do in hope that maybe I'll see something usual, but figured it would be like all the other times and not see anything.

AT FIRST this is what I saw before trying to process any of this. 
It was 4 bird shaped objects in a straight line pointing to my left, separated in between by bits of the sky, the center of the objects were just white, but towards the edges it would get softer as if they had a glow around them. Yet, you could see completely the outline of the objects. It appeared to my right then quickly moved to my left then suddenly gone. 

Now, I've been to this place so many times, looked up at the same sky, seen spot lights, seen air planes, seen helicopters and every single time I could hear the roaring over the music or there would be red or green blinking lights but never moved this fast. The spot lights shoot way too low and are way too big for the size of the objects I saw and not even come close to how vibrant they were, PLUS there were absolutely no clouds in the sky. Now, I've told myself, always be a skeptic before claiming anything, try weighing out all potential possibilities. Now my first response was, the spot lights were reflecting off of birds flying in the sky, but that couldn't explain the speed they were traveling at. I give myself the benefit of the doubt and say, they weren't traveling as fast as I might think they were, but still giving myself that from the time they appeared and disappeared it was 10 seconds AT THE MOST. Honestly, part of me says it was a shorter time span than that. I can still see what i saw in the sky perfectly in my head and thinking about the sizing, i could fit at least two objects within a penny with the space still in between them. There was no colored lights, none blinking, just a glow around the edges. 

when i got home it came across my mind and i tired looking up similar sightings, which brought me to this site. As filling out this whole thing, it made me think about the whole situation in more detail. They could of been triangles such as < < < < (the spacing in between is actually on point with what I saw) 
but white in the center and the white glow around each separate object. 

Now honestly, by submitting this, I am hoping someone responds back giving me a logical answer to this whole situation. I want someone to prove me wrong.
