{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-08 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522055","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34040","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2792,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/055/mufon-5522055.json","updb_database_id":5522055}
possiable contact of entity

sitting in my chair watching tv. my fifteen year old son was upstairs sleeping, my wife was at work, for she was on midnights and i altered my schedule to sleep with her. my dogs started to carry on outside as if someone or an animal was outside. we live in the country, so when they carry on there is usually something out there. i have had chickens being took at night by a fox or some predator, so i put on my shoes and my coonlight and grabed my 22 pistol and went out to investigate. very quiet, not the usual quiet for out here during winter, but very quiet and no breeze, it kind of bothered me, but my first concern to check my chickens. i have a very bright light on my head for spotting coon in trees, this has been a childhood hobby. the chickens were fine, so i scanned the sheds, vehicles, house, to see if i would catch any eyes of whatever they were barking at. they seemed to bark towards the house. i shut off my light and got the dogs quiet so i could listen. i caught what looked like a camera flash come from the front of the house. thought someone is playing or messing around out hear, so i ran to the front, scanned with my light, nothing, as i was looking towards the west, i caught a shadow of what i swear looked as someone running by me but no one was there that i could see. after a bit more looking decided to go in. i sat down in my chair, and then heard feet upstairs, thinking it was the boy, went up there and checked, he was asleep. as i came down stairs, sounded as if something was in the walls. got down stairs and sat down, as soon as i did, something large was moving and making a lot of noise in the drop ceiling in the kitchen. i grabbed a ruler and started poking at the tiles to get whatever it was out. it stopped and then heard more noise from my chimmeny which goes to the basement, mustered the courage and went down to see with of course a weapon, checked all around, but nothing, noise from upstairs again, went back upstairs locked all doors and sat and listened, after a bit no more noise. so i went on with my night. havent had anything like that happen out here before. your guess is as good as mine. i know it wasnt a coon.
