{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-23 14:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485055","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4029,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/055/mufon-5485055.json","updb_database_id":5485055}
{rjl} Anomaly caught on camera while taking pictures of the triple rings spotted around the sun (too close to sun to observe with naked eye). Pics were taken within seconds of each other.

Yesterday, my 4th grade daughter squealed about seeing tripple 'rainbow rings' around the sun. We were walking to our car from her class after school. I looked up to see what she was so excited about and immediately pulled out my phone (Android Galaxy S5) to capture the anomaly in pictures. I was moving my phone around to different sides of the sun as I snapped picture after picture to try and get the biggest ring in the shot (It seemed like the rings were outside of my vision with the camera screen because they were so big and bright). The photos were all shot within a 10 second period. We were amazed by the beauty and strangeness of the sun rings but could not look for long because of the brightness. There was no humidity in the air which is the typical meaning of rings around the sun or moon. The weather was a dry, warm 801. As soon as we got into our car we looked at the pictures and to our amazement, we had captured a strange orb with layers of color around it in a couple of the shots! As we zoomed in to the object we could plainly see several white spots on the orb that changed with each shot. The orb started almost on the sun (upper left side of sun) with the most color around it. I then zoomed in as close as possible for the next shot (where it had already moved South West of the sun in the picture). Then I zoomed back out for the 3rd shot (where it had suddenly moved closer to the sun again almost at the middle West position). By the 4th shot the orb had moved up to the outer 2nd ring of the sun and no longer had colors around it (but if you enlarge the orb on your screen, you'll still see the white lights on the orb). The last picture (taken literally one second after the 4th picture) the orb had shot down to the opposite side of the sun (SE) and was already starting to disappear. Not sure what this was but it was exciting to capture on camera as it would be impossible to capture with the naked eye. My daughter and I were feeling blessed that we caught it...what are the odds?! Later that evening at sunset, there was a strange spherical orange beam between the clouds that we observed as well. Not sure if it was another anomoly, but we decided to capture it anyway. This was shot from downtown Los Gatos, California (Silicon Valley).
