{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489055","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3373,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/055/mufon-5489055.json","updb_database_id":5489055}
{cak} 3-6 red lights on a mountain ridge at 7,500ft

My friend and I were camping with my dog at Pine Mountain campground off the 33 past Ojai, CA. The campground is on the ridge of the mountain so you have views of behind and in front of the mountain. Behind is a valley with farming and in front is a national park called Rose Valley and you can also see the ocean in the distance. From where our tents were the hill continued to go up and peaked at a rock formation which we went to see the view of our surroundings and to observe the stars before we went to bed. It was pitch black out, there are no lights up there, and the valleys below on both sides have minimal light. I was facing the direction of the ocean with my dog and my friend faced me, looking the opposite direction down into the valley below. The mountain range continued at a level height on either side of where we were so you could see (during the day) through the trees quite a ways. However, at this time we could not see 5 feet in front of us. My friend said "Hey, do you see those lights?" and pointed behind me. I said "That's not funny" as I turned around to look below and told him it was probably a house or a car in the valley but he pointed next to us instead and said "No, over there through the trees." I looked to my right and said 6 red lights moving around, side to side, and around each other almost in the shape of an infinity sign but they started morphing into each other going from 6 to 5 to 4 to 3 and then back up to 6 for about a minute or so. We observed them and at first I thought it was another camp ground but this ridge was above any of the designated camp grounds and we only saw campers in the other direction during the day. Once they started moving I knew it wasn't a camp fire due to their fast movements and they were about 5-10 feet up in the air. After a few times of them increasing and decreasing in number they suddenly stopped at three, got in a straight line, and then seemed as if they were coming closer to us, as if they centered in on us and were coming closer. They must of only been about 200 feet away but at that point I got scared and my dog started growling so I ran over the rock formation back down the hill to our tents and yelled at my friend to follow. Our tents were only 30 feet from the rock formation but I got into my tent with my dog, and my friend went into his tent, and we tried to fall asleep. As I layed there my dog kept looking in the direction of the lights and growled every so often until I fell asleep. Today, I was watching UFO hunters, the episode on the Tinsley Park lights in Illinois and honestly what I saw was so similar in shape and color that I am once again amazed at what I saw and also what people world wide have seen.
