{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-23 01:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457055","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104521","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4744,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/055/mufon-5457055.json","updb_database_id":5457055}
{cak} Saw a Earth- Joint ET Alliance SSP Mothership

Told person about it downtown and seeing as air force researches and whole planet organizations as a whole have sci-fi tech and research and develop abilities this isnt fake. Ive been nervous about submitting this as i know this site is monitored by various groups off and on including blue origin reverse engineering the spacecraft on here to lol..
Anyways this thing i was told was around 12 miles rough... telepathically...
and just slightly under 1 mile in width.  
I feel they showed the ship because it purposely de-cloaked and re-cloaked in under 1 second. 
To be friends and stuff. 
Although i just went outside to look around at the sky
and saw this in space not sure how many miles out.. 
But looked like it may have just completed a docking with a earth cloaked orbital space station and was heading out towards mars or beyond....
Told we have around 13 or so of these. Apparently we temporarily loan 1 or 2 other civilization alliance.... 
Feel it was part of Solar Warden but without much info might be Radiant Guardian.. 
Anyways some pepole may think im just bullshiting but this literally is a real ship im just using cgi pictures because it literally looks exactly like the ones for the Above Majestic Implications of a secret space program.. It was the exact movie that allowed me to see it after 2 or 3 weeks later as everything you experience alters how you percieve things... Weather you want it to or not... 
Ive seen lots of other stuff i haven't bothered reporting... i have dreams where i meet space friends and others... everything is real not just space peoples... 

oh honestly i thought my brain was malfunction after i saw it and thats why it cloaked as they instantly felt my emotional shift and actually we are so powerful if they didn't u can subconsciously /or consciously actually cause temporary damage or malfunctions on spaceships just with ur thought ..
i know it wasnt just im around pepole who never really fully get me and maybe never will i look for acceptance honestly to much outside my perceived physical body anyways this was quite amazing! 

oh and every branch of global militaries like usa and many huge aerospace companies have space divisions even the united nations! 
always felt stargate sg-1 was real this really proves it lol 

craft had protrusions for couple smaller things on hull looked like communications and a bridge had the viewing ports to not sure of material some kinda silverish gray more advanced then titanimum material. hull looked pretty thick to like maybe 40~100 feet or so? 
some other stuff probably didn't notice but hey challenging to remember and memorise all that..
some mother ship has some slight design differences but that model overall looks pretty much same far as i know!? these built im told in massive underground facilities out in the middle of nowhere ... 

the huge things running along either side are quantum warp drive engines.. 1 of the beings on the craft tells me it is capable and seems kinda mocking me about 10x speed of light being nothing and there's craft go much faster so he says about 5x the 10x and about 50x speed of light? maybe slightly under ... anyways im certain minimum at least slightly over 10x speed of light or warp 2.  top speed. it does by hyperspace jumping that way u dont have to worry about the entire ship blowing up ramming into stuff.. 

looked more like cgi pics then what i drew but looks great!
