{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484055","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75788","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4513,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/055/mufon-5484055.json","updb_database_id":5484055}
{cak} saw a white polar bear on it's hind legs - not moving

ok quick story - have mostly kept it to myself for 50 years - but just watched the mufon history channel UFO shows from 2014-15.Just wanting to see if anything like this was seen in Oakland or other places?
I was a kid of 6-7 years old at the time - Grandpa had a 20 acre farm in Oakland somewhere since 1955 ish when he retired - so i was like 6 years old in 1964. My mum and dad and myself had gone over to visit grandma and grandpa for the day from San Fran. - we got over to their place and Grandpa wanted to go to the store and do some grocery shopping - anyway - mum and dad went with him to the store and I stayed at the house with grandma. So I was in the house for a bit with grandma then went out the back door to the back yard area to play or explore or whatever and ran around the side of the house and I saw this white polar bear standing there near a tree - bushy pine trees were around the back yard - not too tall trees - maybe 20-30 ft high - but big backyard area bordering the farm area. Anyway - this white polar bear was standing there on it's back hind legs just looking at me or watching me and or the area. I stopped dead in my tracks and just stood there looking at it myself for maybe 1-2-3 minutes - not sure how long but not more than a couple of minutes or even one minute watching it. The "bear" was a good 8-9-10 ft high standing up - but I was a small kid but it wasn't making any noises or anything - I think I remember it having one arm and paw up in the air straight - then maybe brought it down - but it was just standing there near a bushy pine tree on the back side of the house - I was maybe 20-30 ft away from it. It just stood there and was either looking at me or away but facing me slightly angled from me - not standing straight on. It wasn't coming at me or anything - just standing there and I remember very still - not moving at all really.
So I didn't feel held in place or anything - and do not think I was getting any mind telepathy either - just that i stared at it for a minute or two - then I ran back inside to tell my grandma that there was a white bear in the back yard area and to come out and have a look. Well grandma said maybe I saw a fox or something... I said no way it was a fox - it was this big white bear... so after a minute or two of talking to her she agreed to come outside and have a look - I think she grabbed a stick or broom or something and we go outside to check - and of course the bear was gone... anyway - she looked around a bit and brought me back inside and told me not to imagine things or tell fibs about things I see... so anyway that was my white polar bear experience at 6-7 years old in Oakland Ca. supposedly the farm is now condominiums - but was not way out in the countryside...at the time it would have been not too far out - maybe a suburb area now. 
just wanted to put the story on file with Mufon for the record...pretty sure no polar bear had escaped from the zoo but who knows... it sure was not a fox I saw like grandma thought.

anyway - keep up the good work - thought I had to impart the story - am 57 years old and have told the story a couple of times... if it was not an escaped bear from the zoo then it was something else - looked like a full grown big white polar bear standing on it's hind legs and not making any noises or anything. I just googled it and do not see anything about a polar bear escaping. Definitely had an effect on me at 6 years old and to this day I still wonder what it was if not a real white bear escaped from the zoo - which i still do not think it was.

anyway - just a kid and put in the back of the mind but it is still there and I thought I should tell mufon about it anyway.

thanks for all the UFO info and really liked the history channel shows! am American but living and working in Thailand now for many years.
