{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-06 17:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464055","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2453,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/055/mufon-5464055.json","updb_database_id":5464055}
{jpg} Driving home it was cloudy saw a low flying huge grey v-shaped object followed by 3 fully armed , low flying air force jets which seemed to be circling the area where i saw the object.

Driving home with my girl friend in the car, about 1 min from the house at approx 5:35 pm I saw a low flying, very large, dark grey, V or chevron shaped object. The object appeared to be the size of 3 737 air planes and had no visible means of propulsion nor did it make any sound as it crossed in front of us at about 800 to 1000 ft of altitude. What made the object stand out in the failing light is the bright visible lights, I counted 3 1 on each of the corners. The sighting of the object itself was about 5 secs and then I lost view of it over the tree line. The object's texture and alloy could best be described as exotic, appearing silky and seamless, unlike anything that humans are capable of building at this time. When I saw the object I couldn't believe what was passing right in front of us so much so that I had to keep asking my girl friend was she seeing what I was seeing and she kept confirming that she was and that it was exciting. About 45 seconds after we saw the object and arrived at home we saw 3 air force fighter jets flying at about the same altitude as the object and they were very loud to the point that I could barely hear my girl friend talking, and they were fully armed as I could see the missiles underneath the planes as they passed directly over head. The planes made a circle and left. My neighbor was outside when we pulled into the driveway and she said there were 5 planes total but I didn't see the other 2 so I can only confirm the 3 that I saw. My neighbor did not see the object though. When we got inside the house it was all I could talk about for the rest of the night was how awesome and exciting the whole experience was.
