{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-27 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473362","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87025","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2347,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/362/mufon-5473362.json","updb_database_id":5473362}
Almost a dozen lights traveling across the sky individually then zapping into a triangular position

At approximately 930 last night. I saw lights in the north east sky. The sky was partly cloudy. I held out my hand and they were about the size of my thumbnail. They were white with maybe a slight tinge of blue. They were all the same size and same brightness. They were brighter in the center and faded towards their edges. They were moving quickly in a regular pattern with 1801 Instantaneous direction reversals. Some were tracking the same path, and others had individual paths. They were only visible when they had a cloud pattern behind them. When they passed through clear sections of sky, they were invisible. This continued for 5 to 10 minutes, and then in an instant, they all merged into a triangular pattern with three lights only. They stay this way for about 10 minutes and then resumed the traveling patterns. After another 10 minutes or so, they resumed the triangle formation. One or two of these lights would flash on and off rapidly while traveling. After another 10 minutes, they begin the traveling patterned and then, in an instant, united as one lyte, this time in a completely different location. Whenever they stop their movement, they united always at the edge of a cloud, imperceptible if you were not looking for them. The incident lasted for at least 30 minutes. At their final resting place at the edge of a cloud they slowly faded away over about 15 seconds. By the way, at one point I went inside to get my phone to video them, came out, held up the phone to the sky and they completely disappeared. I said out loud, "OK, I'm shutting off my phone and I will not videotape you." After about five minutes they reappeared.
