{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495362","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64080","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2553,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/362/mufon-5495362.json","updb_database_id":5495362}
just hurry up and do something

curtains were opened in lounge area , i saw big blackish thing sit there then take off. went out to see what it was then another one or same one was hovering south east about tree top level then took off real fast.
my mouth is still sore from last attack from them. now my mouth have not much control over it, i hear them laugh i hear them talk english . saying they want my power what power i dont know i guess woman hormones. 
im not letting them ave what they want i dont know what to do
i dont like them its ugly to me. that bug came back and when i looked in mirror looked like it was coming thru my mouth i dont know what they did to me or what there after ..they keep using my tv i catch them looking then it goes way . i have to turn my tv round so its not facing me just to feel better .
and they typed in my laptop when i was typing to mates on facebook 
they typed  "werehere"
and a whole album was bought from itunes not by me.
everyones internet went crazy then. and one song was installed on my itunes 
said in words when i listened to it
SOME BODY STEPPED INSIDE UR SOUL SOMEBODY STEPPED INSIDE UR SOUL LITTLE BY LITTLE UR OUT THAT SOUL SOME ONE ELSE IS IN CONTROLLL........
and with them attacks to mouth then mouth doesnt move properly 
i am thinking they want to possess to contact or talk thru possessing im thinking it im not sure 
and tried to move again from here and first time housing messed up with my bond second time cyclone marcia 
i am trying now for third time to get out of this place creepy place 
so many people have died here since them things showed up here
younger than me and older than me ...
more thn six so far in a year
i told govt something is wrong but nothing no one cares.
most people are sick here very sick 
and my hands still glow and sparkle and still hurts like hell.
