{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-04-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505362","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5985,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/362/mufon-5505362.json","updb_database_id":5505362}
{cak} Abduction

I would like to start off by saying this event happened in 1996. The past five years have been a nightmare for me. Im completly stressed out and desperate need help. I force my self to stay awake till the sun comes up. I wont sleep in bedrooms anymore. I have to make sure all windows and doors are locked. All the lights in my house are on at all times. When Im in a room I find myself always towards the corner so I have vantage points.It is effecting my whole life and Im at the point where Im emotionally spent. The fear is uncontrollable. The parts I remembered always are fresh in my mind. Even after 17 years I remember It clearly. This is what happened...

I was 16, I came home from playing basketball with a few of my friends around 12:30 am. My whole family was on a cruise so I had the house to myself. I ate, took a shower then went into my bedroom. I got into my bed and was sitting with my back against the wall. All of a sudden my bed started shaking. Eventualy it was basically jumping around only having. One foot on the floor at a time. This lasted for about 15-20 seconds then just stopped. To be honest I was really scared at this point. I thought it was just a ghost even though I don't really believe in them. about 10-15 seconds after my bed stopped shaking I turned to my right and saw two aliens stairing thru my window. My bedroom was on the second floor. outside my window their was a roof for the first floor deck. That is what they were standing on. They were about 3 1/2 tall. one was about 3"-4" taller than the other. When I first turned to look at them I immediately locked on to the ones eyes. I looked at them for only about 15 seconds. Then I turned to my left and looked at my bedroom door which was closed. The bottom of my door was a little too short so their was a gap at the bottom. I had left my hallway light on so light was coming thru the bottom. I saw two pairs of legs step to my door and just stand there. My reaction was to throw my blankets over my head. I remember being under the blanked for about 20 seconds. The next thing I remember is waking up in my livingroom the next morning. Two days after I thought I saw a shooting star. I watched it come across the sky. Then it stopped right above me in the middle of the sky and stayed there for 30-40 seconds. It was far away. Then in a blink of an eye it shot across the other half of the sky.

After the abduction I felt a burning sensation in the shower. At the very bottom of by back. Right at my butt. There was a something there I would pick at it would burn like crazy when soap would hit it. I never ever even though about what it was from. I started looking for help with abduction online about two years ago. I came across a women who had the same story about the scar and burning sensation. She said her tailbone was removed. I was absolutly shocked to read that. My girlfrend felt around and said my tailbone was not there. I felt hers then mine. I have do definitive proof of that being connected with the abduction or if I ever had a tailbone.I havent had health insurance in a while and when I do this is something I would like to look into. Also right after the abduction I had severe constipation. I lost my job because of so many doctors appointments. I missed school. I didn't go to the bathroom for about two months. Once again Im not sure if its connected to the abduction but I always wondered.

In 2005 I woke up in the middle of the night with me already sitting up in my bed with a can of soda opened, upside down in my hand. It was pouring all over me and my bed. I was completely paralized and could not move till the can of soda was empty. I don't know how or why that happened but I always felt it was abduction related.

When I was a kid I always had dreams aboult fleets of ufos outside my window. I had that dream most of my childhood. I often have sleep paralasis but not sure if it has anything to do with this.

Im telling you my story now because I feel like Im at my breaking point. This effects every aspect of my life. I cant even walk in my own house without looking over my shoulder or hesitating to walk into a room. I always feel like they are right around the corner, or close, or listening. Its not a good way to live. Im confident Ive been abducted more than once. I only remember one time but am almost sure its happened over and over. And If im wrong about that then I was only abducted once and it messed me up big time. 

2 years ago when I started looking into help I would join forums. Everyone would tell me to pray and to give myself to god. That really pissed me off. So I started looking into contacting experts. I found a lady Kathleen Marden. We emailed for a while and eventualy spoke on the phone. 
She was helpful because I never talked to anyone indepth like that before. She suggested I might have post traumatic stress dissorder. I don't know. What I do know is that I don't want to live the rest of my life like this. Im jealous of people who can just go to sleep because they are tired and not fight it every night. Or not being scared every day. I thought about sending mufon my story before but was scared. I felt like I already knew too much of my abduction and didn't want to dig deeper. At this point I feel i have nothing to loose. Im willing to do anything to help me live a normal life.
