{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-03-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524902","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/902/mufon-5524902.json","updb_database_id":5524902}
Orange orbs - appeared out of this air - possible Government contact

Please listen to my story,this is exactly 100 percent as I witnessed it with no over doing it what so ever,Here is 110 % what happened"-

March 20th 2010 Gaylord Michigan,I was 18 years old at the time. I along with my twin brother and Grandmother were at Wal-Mart shopping. We came out of the store and got in the car and noticed a group of people in the parking lot looking up in the sky and we didn't think much of it. We were driving home and stopped at the Shell Gas Station. As soon as we pulled in to the shell - to our left about 400-500 feet of the ground out of nowhere appeared 5 to 7 orange orbs,they hovered stationary for no more than 4 seconds and disappeared into thin air,10 seconds later the orange orbs appeared in a totally different formation about 15 feet to the right and hovered again for no more than 4 seconds and disappeared. About 1 minute later a single orb appeared out of nowhere and hovered for a few seconds and this time my brother had the camera out "Sony cyber shot" and he filmed this orb which again disappeared into thin air. So next we start driving home,in the middle of the woods literally following our rout on the left side of the car appear again 5 to 7 orbs,they floated for a few seconds and disappeared,we witnessed these 3/4 times in the woods while driving home - over a length of a half a mile. We get home and in front of our house 25 feet in the middle of the woods was a single orange orb-we were scared by this time and ran in the house. my brother went to uploading this video on youtube and I went out front to see if I could see any more orbs,peeking out the front door I see 2 Black fancy cars just flying down our street. Never do people go so fast down our street,This was out of the ordinary. After seeing nothing else orb wise I go back inside and my brother has the video uploaded to Youtube - literally 30 minutes later we see a light coming through the blinds and we jumped up thinking it was another orb,me with camera in hand,we open the blinds and 25 feet directly in front of our house and 30 feet off the ground was helicopter shining a spotlight directly in our window blinding me and my brother,Now all we could hear was a silent swooshing sound - Now Ive flown on a helicopter before in Florida and it was loud. How can a chopper 25 feet out in front of us be so silent? I don't know much about choppers but I didn't think they had models that were so silent. After seeing the chopper out there we shut the blinds and were scared to death,1 minute later we hear this absolutely odd screeching high pitched drilling sound right outside our house - it sounded like someone was drilling or sawing the side of our house. Alright by that time I had it - I went and grabbed by 7.62 Russian rifle,My brother was horrified and called the police screaming at the dispatcher to send the police to our house that second and that someones outside our house,my brother an 18 year old adult was crying he was so scared. my Grandmother during all this was in her bedroom sleeping,by the time she got up my brother was on the phone with the police and she took the phone from him and talked with the dispatcher,The dispatch told my Grandmother - oh it just the military doing maneuvers. So is part of military training sending a chopper out to someones house to hover 25 feet in front and 30 feet above shining a spotlight directly in their window?????? I don't think so. I myself believe somehow they knew we filmed those orbs and seen the video on Youtube. I don't know,what I do know is that someone in control of a chopper was sent to scare the hell out of us and they succeeded in their job. The noise.... I'm yet to find out what in the world that was,Never before or again have I heard that noise. my Grandmother also heard the noise from her bedroom. The call from my brother has to be documented in the police archives here. After it all settled we deleted the video from youtube. It is seen on youtube now however,a while later we got the video uploaded to youtube again and have not had any problems yet. Now I did some research online and fellow people here in Gaylord also reported seeing these orange orbs the exact same date and exact same time as we did - March 30th 2010 around 8:00 pm. We seen the orbs an additional 2 more times over the past year and my Grandmother seen them by herself just a few months ago. I have recently purchased an HD camera in hope of catching these orbs again,There is something very very strange going on in our little city of Gaylord. Thats my story 110% as it happened with no nonsense attached. I just felt I have to let someone know what happened to us that night,I cant hold it in. And I am scared reporting my story to this website,Let me say I'm going to be watching my back after I submit this... Thats my event and it changed my life.
