{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-29 21:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509902","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48512","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5331,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/902/mufon-5509902.json","updb_database_id":5509902}
{rjl} Sun had about set. Driving on busy street. Observed angular triangular dark grey object against somewhat lighter sky. Pulled off road to get better view but did not see it.

I was driving to meet a friend. I was running somewhat late and while looking to my right I saw the object in the sky. The sky was darkening but there was enough light left as I looked to the northeast that the UFO was dark against the lighter grey sky behind it.

I think what I saw was a 3/4 view with the object angled somewhat towards me. It was traveling very slowly (if at all)in a southeastern direction.

Unlike the triangles so often described, this did not have a flat bottom but rather looked like the typical, standard Star Wars Star Destroyer but with no detail-- just the general shape including the vertical section between the top and bottom. So what I saw had basically an exact symmetry top and bottom. Also, unlike the Star Wars vehicle, the object I observed did not have that command bridge at the back. After three-quarters of a mild rise from front to back, the top and bottom both angled back to the top and bottom corners of the center section respectively.

Now, if I am wrong about the angle of the object in the sense that it was going parallel to me, it resembled (and I am sorry about the geek factor here) the Tholian ship from the original Star Trek series.

I thought two things when I saw it. First, given the overall shape and angles (slightly darker grey lines) on the side, I wondered if I could be seeing an F-14 Navy plane with its wings folded back. But, that wasnt possible as it was barely moving and too big. Plus, there were no lights and no exhaust. There would have been no way for me to know if there was sound as my windows were rolled up and I was driving-- plus, the object was far away (I am guessing three miles).

Let me be specific about the lines on the side. It was hard to tell, but just as with a Star Destroyers vertical center section, there seemed to be a demarcation where a different angle above it joined in and below it where the opposite symmetrical angle joined in. So we are talking two lines more or less for sure that were ever so slightly darker than the rest of the object. There might have been another line above, but it was hard to tell. Also, given the distance it is possible all three lines were canted somewhat down as they proceeded from the back of the craft to the front of the craft. I say this as I did have the impression of an F-14 from a side view with wings in supersonic configuration (back). But, again, this was no standard aircraft. There were no wings whatsoever.

I liked how in this interview sheet a lead color was listed with the grey. Lead is a good descriptive term for the shade of the grey.

Then, I thought, could I be seeing a kids model of a Star Destroyer that was somehow tethered or being flown. Well, no to this one too--as it was not there seconds later when I turned off and left my vehicle to look. Plus, unless the kids toy was inflated or some new type of kite, it could not have been stationary or very slowly moving like what I observed.

The object was about thirty-six degrees above the horizon. My guess is that it was at least two miles away and at an altitude well below airliner level. My best guess is ten thousand feet.

Given my brief observation, I cannot say with one hundred percent certainty that the craft was moving. I could not focus on the craft long because of traffic that was coming up behind me on this well-traveled road.

When I pulled off there was a police car in the parking lot of the apartment house that was parked there. He was next to a row of bushes so there was no way for him to have seen what I did. Plus, the police in this area are sometimes not the best people to interact with. So, I did not approach the officer to report anything or ask anything of him.

As I left my vehicle I did look to the southwest and saw what seemed to be a plane approaching slowly at a moderately low altitude. The plane was fuzzy to my view and primarily a light the color of sodium street lights as they can be before the lights become differentiated. My guess was it was a commercial airliner but it could have been anything, even a helicopter. I couldnt stay to find out. Altitude for that aircraft, fifteen thousand feet as a guess.
