{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-22 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489902","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69701","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3846,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/902/mufon-5489902.json","updb_database_id":5489902}
{jpg} While going for a drive, I noticed two objects that had 4 colored lights, coming above the tree line at dusk went over me, thought it was 2 drones

At or about 7:50pm or so, I decided to go for an evening drive, due to the pleasant weather in my convertible. I was driving north on Randal Rd., in Aurora, Illinois,upon coming to Indian Trail Rd I made a right turn & headed east. After driving about 0.35mi I noticed to objects, that seemed to be coming out above the tree line to my right(50 ft) and in front, on the south side of Indian Trail, on a path SSE to NNW. I immediately slowed down, also at the same time looking out for traffic behind me. Within seconds I noticed the colors they were eliciting from underneath the objects; 4 bright colors, red, white, orange like I think blue, but not sure; I thought to myself who in the hell would be flying drones at this time of the evening; As they approached me overhead, I was mesmerized by the vibrant lights, and then after they went hovered past me (crossed the street), and were behind my left shoulder, I realized that they were emitting no sound, thats when I realized that they were not "helicopter drones" and actually could be "something else". I immediately knew I had to try and get a picture of it, so I quickly made a left turn, to almost the wrong way into Golden Oaks Pkwy., I pulled over, to get my phone camera ready, looked to my left, looking west but did not see anything, due to the row of houses. I then quickly made a u-turn, went back to Indian Trail Rd., made a right turn & headed west very slowly going past the houses, but did not see the 2 objects,I had lost sight of them. I continued driving west and went into the Walgreens on the Northeast corner of Randal Rd & Indian Trail Rd. I parked just a few yards from the Pharmacy pick up window, the northeast corner of the Walgreens lot. I got out, looking straight east, & scanning that horizon, within a minute or so I saw two white lights, orbs like, with no colors, ascending out of the SSE, behind the water tower, that was about 100 ft away and then held a path going NNW to N or so. I saw a total of 7-9 of these objects, solo(see video), in twos, & one of three objects at the same time, it was like a parade, and they kept coming from the same location.
For some reason after the 2nd clip, my phone camera froze, would not respond, so I had to do a forced restart. By the time I restarted the camera I did not see any more objects. 

During this whole incident I was euphoric, I do have to say its one of the major highlights in my life. I am a skywatcher.

Just a note that about a mile east on Indian Trail Rd is the FAA Midwest Regional Air Traffic Control Headquarters.

There is also a lot of air traffic around this time over Aurora, most of it heading to O'hare Airport. None of the objects I saw had any blinking lights.

[location coordinates moved to investigator section/CMS/jpg]
