{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-01 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471902","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/902/mufon-5471902.json","updb_database_id":5471902}
{cak} Healing visitation from grey beings

I went to sleep Friday night with a bad migraine. I woke up from a dream that night (early Saturday morning) and felt like there was something in my room. My daughter was sleeping in my bed with me and I hid us both under the blanket. She stayed asleep the whole night, including during this visitation. I was under the blanket when I suddenly felt a finger press down on my forehead between my eyes. It wasn't a small finger, it was as if my dad (a large man) was pressing his finger between my eyes. I started to panic and reluctantly came out of the blanket to grab my cell phone beside my bed and call my mom (when there's something scary in your room at night and you're half asleep, what's your first reaction? "Mom!"). When I peeked out of my blanket, IC saw something in front of me. I could tell that there was something in front of me, but it looked like a mirage. I could see through it, but I could tell there was something there. I started panicking even more. I told myself that I was seeing things and reached my hand out to prove that there was nothing there. I was wrong, and my grabbed onto what felt like a thin arm. That really freaked me out, so I started frantically grabbing for my phone but it was dead and wouldn't turn back on. It was on the charger so this made no sense at all. Suddenly I was back into a dream state and a character from a TV show that I enjoy was standing in front of my trying to calm me down, but I felt like it was a being just appearing as something I am comfortable with. Then I was back asleep and having a dream that my daughter and I were on a beach and I looked down into a tide-pool on the beach and saw some red and blue tigers eye stones, so I picked them up and put them in my pocket. When I woke up again, I checked my phone and it was turned on and the time was 4am. My migraine was completely gone. The next day, I felt a bit off. Maybe a little traumatized, but the truth is that it was not scary. I didn't feel threatened or hurt, it just frightened me to wake up from a dream to that happening. I'm not sure how to explain it but as soon as the finger touched my forehead, I saw in my mind's eye that it was a long grey finger. So, I believe it was a grey that visited me.
