{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516902","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41204","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3001,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/902/mufon-5516902.json","updb_database_id":5516902}
{flg} Emerald Green light looked like a star, through Celstron binoculars appeared as two green square-like lights.

It was 12:33 when I walked outside of my apartment to retrieve something from my car. When I had everything in hand I began to head inside and routinely let my eyes be roll towards the stars. 

I had to shut my eyes to attempt to readjust to the darkness above my porch light. I thought my eyes were playing a trick because there was a green speck in my vision.

I opened my eyes again and this bright emerald green light, slightly bigger than a typical airplane still was in my sight. I stood staring for a moment, perhaps five seconds waiting for the blink of a plane. Well, it blinked completely out for about three to five seconds and then came back on. It did not appear to be moving at first. I immediately ran into the house to grab my binoculars that I have waiting around for this very situation.

Maybe twenty seconds later I was back outside trying to find the green light with my naked eyes. It wasnt there. I was so frustrated because I thought I might have missed something unique. It suddenly came back on and blinked in a random rhythm on and off three more times at about the tempo a plane blinks, and then it stayed lit bright green for a bit longer. 

I looked through the binoculars and the object now appeared to be two separate lights. They did not blink for a bit, but they did shut off again while I was peering through the binoculars. This type of pattern, turning off and on and then blinking in extremely random sequences (sometimes twice, three, or four times or six times) continued until the object suddenly and slowly began to move south until it blinked out once more and I no longer could see it. 

I live in a city with an international airport. As someone who regularly looks at the sky and desperately wants to spot that really crazy UFO, I have mistaken my fair share of plane lights for something spectacular and unknown. That being said, over the years I have really tried to take note of what a plane is and is not, how they can and cannot appear in the sky. The strangest thing about this sighting to me was the fact that these lights were GREEN and the remarkable randomness of the blinking. I have never, ever seen anything with a green light. I only wish someone else had been with me to see it. Also I just saw this so it is fresh in my mind. 11
