{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-27 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529902","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2795,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/902/mufon-5529902.json","updb_database_id":5529902}
A single white light traveling at unbelievable speeds in the sky.....obviously NOT an airplane or shooting star.

September 28, 2010

Last night we had a storm that knocked out our power for 6 hours. Before going to bed we decided to take our dog for a walk since the rain had stopped.

This was at about 8:30 pm. As we walked the sky was strange. It was as if the sky had been split in two as the low pressure system and dark clouds took up half the sky while the other was crystal clear with a blanket of stars.

Since all of the street lights were out the clear part of the sky was incredible. I paused for a minute and looked up. What I saw was a small white light traveling extremely fast through the sky. It was apparent that this light source was extremely high in the sky. 

At first I thought it might be a plane, but it was moving at a speed much faster than a plane in the sky. It was a single white light with no blinking red or other colored lights. I watched it for a second or two then commented to my son and husband about the light.

My son looked up and immediately saw the light. He agreed with me that it was traveling at a much faster speed than any airplane you could see in the clouds. Several seconds later my husband saw it as well.

We watched it go on a trajectory from West to East and it probably only took about 30 seconds to completely cross the night sky. We lost site of the object when it appeared to cross lower in the sky. The light faded in intensity. This could have been due to the storm clouds that were still in that portion of the sky. It was as if it faded away. As long as we were able to see the light it continued at this incredible speed.

I1ve seen lots of airplanes in the air. I1ve seen the shuttle take off from the Cape in Florida. I1ve NEVER seen anything move that fast in the sky. It was completely unexplainable.

This was not a shooting star or meteor.  It had no tail or anything following it. Just a single point of light traveling at incredible speeds.

I never felt threatend.....or afraid. Just mystified about what I was seeing. There were planes in the sky that we were able to easily identify. This was nothing like a plane.
