{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468902","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/902/mufon-5468902.json","updb_database_id":5468902}
{rjl} Witnessed brilliant light's hypersonic descent from high altitude to below treeline (no noise or deceleration); highway crossing; and close encounter (approx. 75 ft)

Night-Time UFO Encounter Along I-64 Near Clifton Forge, VA on Oct 19, 2015:

On Oct 18, 2015, my Son and I had gotten a late start on the inaugural camping trip with our new camping trailer. We had intended to leave several hours earlier on our journey to Douthat State Park from our home in Fairfax, VA. However, we didn1t leave home until after dark and found ourselves on I-64 near Clifton Forge, VA after midnight (approx. 12:15 to 12:30 AM on Oct 19). It was a pitch black night with few if any other cars on the road. My Son was driving while I was talking to my Wife on my cell phone, reassuring her that we were safe and near our destination (we had passed a road sign stating Clifton Forge exit would be coming up next 1 once we enter Douthat Park cell service is spotty at best). Suddenly a brilliant white (transitioning to flame orange) vertical bolt of light appeared momentarily in the sky ahead of us, originating high in the atmosphere and terminating below the tree line on the left side of the highway. Although it originated high in the sky like lightning, the bolt of light had no other similarity to lightning.  The bolt of light was a single linear streak that transitioned from brilliant white light high in sky to partial flame orange approximately half way down and all-flame orange at lower leading edge. (My Son saw a 1lick1 of flame on leading edge 1 I did not discern that detail).  Bolt of light just 1hung1 in the sky for approximately 1 second 1 about the time it takes to say the word 1one1. Although the 1leading edge1 had to have been traveling at hypersonic speed, there was no sonic boom, no explosion as you would expect from an object hurtling to the ground at those speeds. In fact there was no sound at all.
As my Son and I struggled to explain what we had just seen (it was unlike any meteorite entry I had ever seen on video: It descended much, much faster; there was no visible smoke/contrail; and it had a nearly vertical descent), my Son subsequently noticed a strobing bright light crossing the highway ahead of us (from left to right) at approximately twice tree-top height.  I was preoccupied describing our 1bolt of light1 sighting to my Wife on the cell and did not see the strobing light cross ahead. The 1crossing1 sighting occurred an estimated 45- 60 seconds after the 1bolt of light1 sighting. 
About 15-30 seconds later, as we continued to drive toward the location of the sightings, my Son exclaimed 1It1s not a shooting star, it1s a UFO!1 He slowed down as we drove by a large strobing ultra-bright 1object of light1 hovering at tree top height on the right side of road. The strobing object was roughly elliptical in shape, estimated at 10-15 feet along the horizontal axis.  Unencumbered by driving, I stared at the object and was able to discern some dully lit branches with leaves within a few feet of the strobing object and thus was able to place it in close proximity to forest leading edge (object approximately 75-100 feet from our vehicle). Strangely, the light itself was as bright as welding arc (my Son is a welder and that was his comparison), yet the object did not illuminate anything more than a few feet away from it. The object strobed with an estimated periodicity of one strobe per one to two seconds. As we continued to drive by at reduced speed, we witnessed another strange phenomena 1 after the object strobed four times, a second illuminated object, identical to the first, appeared out of nowhere, simultaneously strobing in unison (for one beat) with the original object and then disappeared. The original object continued to strobe.
As we drove away from the area of the sighting, my Son looked in the rear-view mirror, witnessed continued strobing, and said 1It1s still there1. My Son hit the accelerator.
