{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-09-03 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546902","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19930","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6117,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/902/mufon-5546902.json","updb_database_id":5546902}
A disc shaped object passed directly overhead near sunset, estimated at around 20' diameter.

Date: Thursday, September 3, 1987
Time: Between 7:30 and 8:00 P.M.

Location: Outside a mobile home residence in Bartlesville, OK

Weather Conditions:
Temperature was estimated between 85 & 90F, no clouds, somewhat hazy. The sun had set at ground level where I was located, but the sky was still bright and well illuminated.

Sighting:
I was at this location to inquire about about an automobile for sale. The owner was first to observe the object as it approached from a southeasterly direction. He was facing that direction while we were talking. He kept mentioning that there was something strange approaching which he thought might be a bird since it appeared dark in color. I did not observe the object until it was directly overhead.

Shape: The object appeared to be perfectly circular as witnessed from its bottom surface. Its bottom side appeared to be very dark, almost black, however I concluded later that the bottom was in the shade as the sunlight struck the object from its west side. 

The object passed directly overhead and proceeded in a northwesterly direction. As it continued on (at an estimated rate of speed similar to a light private airplane of 100-120 mph) we both noted that its top and bottom surfaces were flat. During this period of time, I saw the sunshine reflect off its west side. It appeared that the object was constructed of a metallic substance which had either been burned or perhaps it was its natural color as areas appeared charred or tarnished. Some weeks later a fellow worker showed me a sheet of titanium which looked much like the outer surface in color I witnessed on the saucer.

As the object continued to fly away from us we were able to see more detail on its upper deck area. There appeared a vertical beam (or beams?) ontop of which rested a horizontal beam which was shorter than the diameter of the object itself. The horizontal beam was oriented at a normal to the direction of flight such that at a far distance, it made the object appear similar to a biplane. 

Size: The object was much smaller than a full moon (at its zenith). Because the object appeared very sharp in an otherwise somewhat hazy sky, I deduced that it was quite low (in altitude). I would guess it was flying about 500-700 ft. above ground level at the time we viewed it.  It flew steady, completely silent with no indication of navigation lights of any kind (though it was daylight of course).  

During the following weekend I attended a local "flyin" of private aircraft held across town at our airport. I was able to observe various aircraft flying at varying altitudes which helped me estimate the over all size of the object we sighted that evening. My best guess was that its diameter was about 18 ft.
The object appeared somewhat smaller than the wing span of a Stearman biplane in my estimation (which is 20 ft.) but about the same as a Pitts Special (single seat) biplane.

Construction: The sun briefly illuminated the West side of the object revealing an outer surface composed of a metallic substance. I had the impression that there no plates or rivets showing though they may have not been visible at that distance. It appeared to be seamless, similar to stainless steel liquid nitrogen tanks in service today. However the outer surface of this object did appear to have been oxidized (burned or scorched).

Flight Characteristics: The object flew a very stable path, straight and level from a southeasterly direction to a northwesterly direction, directly over our heads. This object appeared to be moving at a rate of speed similar to private aircraft such as Cessna 172 for instance (100-130 mph). We heard nor saw any wobbling, spinning, lights or noise of any kind. One might expect that the beams we witnessed on the upper deck would have created some sound due to wind noise at the speed it was traveling. But we heard nothing at all.

Conclusions: This saucer shaped object appeared to contain no aerodynamic surfaced deemed necessary for flight in our atmosphere. Also it appeared to have no external engine or propulsion system we could see, no down thrusting fan or engine mounted on the saucer shaped object. There was no way to estimate its weight (or mass). Of course it could have been filled with a lighter than air gas such as helium or hydrogen for all I know. 

My Qualification as a Spotter:  My experience as a spotter/observer of aircraft began at the early age of seven (7) just before the outbreak of WWII for the US (1941). I was raised in El Paso, Texas which served the military as the "southern flyway" during the WWII and the Korean Conflict. Consequently I had the opportunity to witness a steady progression of US technology during those periods from 1941through until I left El Paso in 1958. 

I spent much of my youth outside when the weather allowed and the weather was most generally very good there. Since we had no TV or air-conditioning in those years, we found many things to do outdoors. Many of us became very good at identifying WWII aircraft, both Air Corps and Navy (since El Paso served as a cross country refueling base for the Navy). Also, I was there during the Korean Conflict, when the sky was again full of both navy & air force aircraft. I never ever saw anything day or night that looked like the saucer shaped object I saw on that late afternoon in early September of 1987 before or since that time.
