{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492095","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67455","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3094,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/095/mufon-5492095.json","updb_database_id":5492095}
{jpg} UFO FLASHES BLACK HELICOPTER AND UNMANNED DRONE

Filmed using a Panasonic W-850 with Infrared. 

Clip164: I was outside shining my laser pen into the sky, (there were no planes at all) and in the South a massive UFO brightened it's lights. It turned its lights on brighter than the stars around it. I could see the surface of the UFO and it was a dull grey colour. I also caught on camera, intelligent white flying orbs, which would change their direction and stop in mid air! these were swirling around my head. Or coming from the direction of my body. 

CLIP BRIUFO : 2 UFO's I lightened the movie in Imovie. I have the original if you request it, it's just easier for you to see, less fussing around. All I did was increase the exposure. 

I spotted a UFO pretending to be a star, it was much brighter than the stars around it. I spotted this one in the South West , I was thinking at the time "My neighbours are going to see this! as they are outside looking up too! then as soon as I thought that, they went indoors and came back out again after the incident. 

My neighbours were outside looking up into the sky and then abruptly went indoors. I have no idea why they went inside as soon as the UFO's showed up. They were certainly very very visible, due to the light of the moon and no cloud cover. 

I felt that it wasn't a coincidence, they only seem to show up when no one else is around. 

These 2 UFOs each miles apart in distance, travelled diagonally from SW - East. I filmed them for a while until they blinked out. 

The next day I saw two black Helicopters. 

CLIP BLACK HELI - black helicopter flying over the tree line in the same spot I saw the UFO's last night 

CLIP HELI / DRONE - Same Helicopter comes back this afternoon and flies low over the house , an unmanned drone is in the distance snapping photos of me. (We never see those drones around here, I've never seen one before) 

Please check my name and address, I have uploaded many UFO video's to MUFON.
