{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-11-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515095","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43087","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4215,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/095/mufon-5515095.json","updb_database_id":5515095}
{cak} Big round orangy red ball that looked like the setting sun in the north sky

My husband and I moved into an apartment in Gary about 20 min from my parents home. We had a baby, September 1969. My husband got a job where he worked late hours. I wasnt used to being left alone and with a new baby I was uneasy. I thought it would be a good idea to stay at my parent1s home in East Gary, Indiana (Now Lake Station) and my husband could pick me up on the way home from work. All went as planned for a couple of months. My husband would usually pick me up about 11 pm. One night in November of 1969, he didn't pick me up until 2 am. I was so angry that I wouldnt talk to him. We drove away going west on Central Avenue in silence for our 20 minute ride home. While on the road, my husband asked me to look at something in the sky that he was looking at on the driver1s side (north). I wouldnt look because I had my face turned away from him. I was still angry. He started to get really excited and finally yelled at me to look. I looked and saw a big round ball of orangey-red light in the clear chilly November night. It was really big. I told him it was the setting sun. He told me to think about what time it was. No setting sun at almost 3 in the morning! I watched it and it was moving along with the car for another 10 min then the ball of light stopped in the sky. My husband stopped the car and backed up the car until we were even with it and he pulled over on the side of the road. At the same time, I noticed that a man in a pickup truck had also stopped right behind us. I started getting a little nervous about the guy in the pickup truck. There were no other cars on the road. I never remember being nervous about the light in the sky. I took my eyes off of the light in the sky and watched the pickup truck behind us. The man looked around our age (20). He got out of his truck and started running back and forth. He seemed very agitated but then something else got my attention. The light in the sky was now moving over us to my side of the car (south side of Central Avenue). While it was directly above the car, it seemed to block out the entire sky...it was so close to us. It did a sort of arch over the car and made no sound. It moved again in an arch back to the street side (north) then it stopped right in front of the car. In those days, Central Avenue was a very rural road. It was paved but there was no traffic at night and almost no houses along it. A few seconds later The giant sphere started moving straight up, made a complete 45 degree turn and started going over a neighborhood in a northwest direction from the main street we were on (Central Avenue). My husband said 1hold on, Im going to follow it1! We started driving down through the neighborhood for a few minutes until it stopped again. This time it shot straight up and in a very fast rate of speed disappeared from view in seconds. We just sat there for a minute. I don't remember what the guy in the pick up truck did because he wasnt around anymore. I told my husband that I was going to call someone and report it. He told me not to because they were going to say we were nuts. We went home and listened to radio to find out if anyone else had reported seeing it. We didn't hear anything about it. The strangest thing about that night was that it took us over 3 hours to get home. We lived 20 minutes from my parents. We followed the light for about 15 minutes to half an hour. I don1t know why we walked into our apartment as the sun was coming up around 6:30 in the morning! The baby in my lap never made a sound.
