{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-10 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488095","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2939,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/095/mufon-5488095.json","updb_database_id":5488095}
{cak} While driving east, I looked up to see an one object, lost sight for 30 seconds and then there were 2 objects.

My brother and I were heading eastbound on US 2, on the outskirts of St. Ignace, Michigan. It was sunrise last Saturday morning, October 10th, 2015. It was a beautiful sunrise with very few clouds other than right at the horizon. I am driving and notice a single boomerang shaped object at about the ten o'clock position. It was not crisp and clean but seemed to me "fuzzy" like seeing something a bit out of focus. It was very difficult to say how far it was away from us as there weren't any clouds remotely close to it.

I pointed it out to my brother and asked him "What is that?" and his reply was immediate and clear "That's a UFO."

We observed this unidentified object for a couple of minutes and then lost sight of it temporarily as we dipped behind a row of trees. We had lost sight of it for less than 30 seconds and as we came up out of the dip and out from behind those trees, we were amazed to see not just one object, but now two objects and each were identical to each other. Fuzzy looking boomerang shaped objects, each exactly alike, at the exact altitude and appearing to be moving east towards Canada over Lake Huron. Looking at the "boomerang" shape, they would have been pointing upward with the top flattened out. They were dark in color as the sun was rising in the east.

We were now in the business community of St. Ignace on US 2, with my brother telling me to stop and take a photo of the phenomenon. I told him we were almost to the Big Boy restaurant and I would when we got into their parking lot. About a half a minute later I pulled into the parking lot as we watched these two objects disappear moving east south east. They had to be moving a very high rate to disappear in the distance so quickly. It just was difficult to judge as there was nothing to reference their speed moving away from us nor to actually know the exact size of each object.

Now of course, I wish I had listened to my brother pulled over and got my camera out. But I really didn't want to take my eyes off to what we were seeing and I misjudged the time we actually had to see them.

Nothing in my experience gives me a "logical" explanation to what we saw. 

[Name removed/cms/tg]
Ishpeming, Michigan
