{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486095","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73623","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2944,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/095/mufon-5486095.json","updb_database_id":5486095}
{nd} I looked to Berkeley hills driving home. Green ball/white center enters atmosphere over hills, stops, leaves straight upward.

I was driving home from work down the 80 toward Oakland out of Berkeley . Around 2am. I looked toward Berkeley hills because I've seen curious lights around that time once before, to this day I always look toward them as I drive. Earlier in that week I had seen something odd, odd enough to ask my boss' opinion as well as text my mother and next eldest brother. This time however was undeniable. The curiosity of anyone having shared this encounter or the overall questioning my own two eyes kept me searching for explanantion. And months later here I am sharing the story at the only place I know it will not be automatically dismissed. I saw a green ball, white in the center like a burning aura come STRAIGHT DOWN into our atmosphere, stop momentarily, then leave in the exact path it came. The look of it was unsettling, how nimble it was and the speed at which it moved also. I saw a cop later that morning maybe 8 hours later while i gassed up and asked HOW or IF I should report this. Maybe it's a threat to security for all I know. He shrugged it off and stated "yeah, we get this once in awhile". Months later I think of it often enough to Google "how to report a UFO sighting" and take the time to write this. I assure you "the green fireball" IS ABSOLUTELY SOMETHING THAT EXISTS. I am not a "storyteller" nor do have a reason to write this other than to share it with ...someone. cop stated there were no other reports sadly. I will say Lawrence Livermore labs test site is relatively close, and after 3 strange things I've seen total in 2 years living here , I can only chalk it up to having to do with them. This is the nearest thing I have to an explanation. I WILL SAY.. to anyone listening, that there a lot of strange things happening in this bay area over the last year. If you were to spend your focus anywhere "in hopes of seeing something", this place has more than enough should you have the patience. I count myself lucky in an innocent game of roulette , looking over at the right times after slightly being on the lookout since the 1st strange light I saw. Hope this helps or gives somebody else peace of mind that mightve seen the same thing as it fell on deaf ears like it did for me.
