{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-15 21:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479636","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80448","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2515,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/636/mufon-5479636.json","updb_database_id":5479636}
{cak} Another black triangle almost identical to last report - 79485

Another black triangle almost identical to my last report - 79485

I was driving on the same road as last report - 56 going West. As I turned from Black Mountain Road onto the 56 west, on the ramp before even merging I saw the craft at a VERY low altitude just south of the highway. As I was heading home from work, at a little before 9:30, I saw a black triangle hover and incredibly slowly proceed almost directly above me. I could see it perfectly as I lowered my driver's side window. It was a little SW of me and then proceeded across the highway really really slowly with no sound whatsoever. This craft is about the size and shape of the stealth bomber, except that it has a different set of lights, it moved at about 5 miles and hour and an altitude of approximatly 500ft. 

What's truly bizarre for me is not so much the craft but the NO other cars reacted. Truly people are blind to things RIGHT infront of their face. No other cars even slowed down! It was glaringly obvious if your eye just glanced at it. And it was not hard to notice. The triangle had two white lights on two corners and inbetween the two lights what looked like a set of three highbeams that made it glaringly obvious. The triangle was not leading the pointy side of the triangle bit with the back part. Like it was going "backwards". Clearly it can move in any direction. So it looked like the edge of the triangle, with a white light, a set of 3+highbeams and then another white light and the other edge. There was also a less noticable red light somewhere on the bottom or third corner. 

Since this is my second time observing the craft, similar time, similar flight path, I have come to believe it is a military craft. It looks almost identical to the stealth bomber except it has additional either anti-gravity or mass-minimizing technology. Very nice aircraft.
