{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-13 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546636","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"21550","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/636/mufon-5546636.json","updb_database_id":5546636}
Bright object rapidly changing colors.

On Wednesday the 13th January 2010 I had stepped outside my place of work to have a cigarette. As I was standing there I looked up at the night sky, which was very clear with a lot of stars being shown. There's a military airfield near by, and often times at night airplanes can be seen flying over head, and it helps pass the time watching them. On this particular occasion I had saw what I believed to be just a normal airplane flying over head in the distance, slightly above where Orions belt would be. 

What made this object different than any other ones I saw was the rapidly changing color of light. It had a stark bright white color to it, but you could see it change colors very rapidly (kind of like a flashing led) between red first, blue, and than green. As I watched this object I saw it clearly go from just moving straight across to going down almost like a slant, following Orions belt. It vanished momentarily, but I could still follow it by the faint flashing light.

It had than made it's stop near a radio tower that stands right across from me. The radio tower has a series of red lights that will flash on and off in order to warn incoming planes. In this particular case the object which I saw was "standing" near the lowest point of the light, which is rather odd for something that would be an aircraft, not to mention it was just sitting there.

I watched the object for approximately 15 minutes as it just stood there, flashing it's colors very rapidly. At that point my break was over, and I figured it was just a star, or my mind playing tricks on me, so I headed back inside.

After that night I continued to watch the sky, trying to see if I could find the object again to assure my self that it was in fact a star, how ever I had no such luck spotting it again.

The reason I am just reporting it now is because I wanted to make sure it was not a star, and also because I was listening to a podcast that had reported similar events in other states.
