{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-11-10 04:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489636","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69975","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4167,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/636/mufon-5489636.json","updb_database_id":5489636}
{dr}Humming noise over the house about 11:30 pm. Looked out window but couldn't see because of very bright light, then disappeared quietly.

My story is in several parts. Since I have discovered MUFON on television, I have decided to report my story. I have had an alien contact.
One night back in the fall of 1991, my wife at the time & I heard a loud humming noise outside of our bedroom. There was a very bright light that made it very difficult to see out the window. Then within about a minute or two the noise stopped and the light disappeared. We thought it may have been a police helicopter shinning it's light looking for someone. But, the next day my mother in law who lived about 2 miles away, said she also heard a loud humming noise and saw some bright lights, but never heard a helicopter sound or heard about any activity with the police. Very strange, so we all just let it go at the time.

Then about two weeks later, one night, I couldn't sleep, so I went into the living room and fell asleep in my recliner. I was awakened by some shuffling noise or movement sounds behind me down the hallway back near the bedrooms. I looked at the digital clock on my stereo near the television and saw that it was 4:35 am. I knew I was awake! I said "what the" and all of a sudden, I heard footsteps running toward me from behind down the hallway. I was about to get out of my chair when this being ran by me, tapped me on the elbow and continued to run past me and turned left into another room out of my sight.
This being was about 3-4 feet in height, dark in color, with a narrow body, skinny dangly arms and fingers and it's feet were both pointed outward and appeared to be clumsy. I was frozen in my chair and couldn't move. Looking at the clock, it was now 4:36 am. I tried to release the handle on the recliner and couldn't. I finally yelled and pulled up on the release and I was on my feet. It is now 4:37 am and I started toward the room which was our den that had a sliding glass door. Our dog was lying on the outside and of course the door was still locked. I flipped the light switch on, looked around the room and found nothing. I then looked back at the clock which was now 4:38 am. I yelled for my wife, she came running and I told her there was something in the house. She then turned on the other lights and started looking and asked what are we looking for. The time was now 4:40 am. When I described what I saw, that was it, she thought I lost it and told me to go back to bed. Of course, she didn't believe me.

I don't know how it got into the house or out. I just know it scared the hell out of me. I talked with some people in Paso Robles later that week about strange UFO sightings that were in our area and was told that Camp Roberts which is a nearby Military Facility has been conducting secret operations for some time.

I was introduced to some people at a private residence that also have had UFO experiences. I told my story and was asked if the being was a dark grey or light grey. I described it to the best of my knowledge what it looked like and was told the light greys were good and the dark greys were bad. I never saw those people again and have hardly ever spoken about this in fear people would think I'm crazy or I imagined it. I have told family members and a few close friends. Most now believe me! 
I didn't ever know who to report this to that would take me serious.
After watching your program on the History Channel, and after almost 25 years, I believe now is the time. Thank you for listening to my story.
