{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488636","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71005","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2909,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/636/mufon-5488636.json","updb_database_id":5488636}
{jpg} Looked like sky cop pulling someone over (lights).

Wasn't much more than a month ago that I saw orbs... and have felt pretty lucky to see that. A friend I was with also witnessed this. Since then, needless to say, both of us have been sky watching quite a bit more than usual. About a week ago, my friend came back over with binoculars and told me to look closely at this star. At least, it seemed like a star.. but it was flashing red and blue and I think white.. but the flashes were so sequential.. it did not seem random at all. Could not quite make out what it was... really, it had looked like a star.. but a big star.. but have not seen it in the sky since. I looked up star strobing colors on Google and was surprised to find quite a few people reporting this, going back to about 2010. Perhaps there were some even earlier than that. But some people described it like a disco ball... and yes, it could have been described like that. I am not saying it is a ufo, but I have never seen a star do that. I know that stars can scintillate colors.. but this looked more like a strobe... or a cop's lights when they pull you over!!! Could this be some sort of satellite or drone? I just don't know.. but I am sure keeping my eyes on the sky. Of all the reports I have read about such a star like thing, I haven't read any definitive answers as to what it might be! I watched this star a good 15 minutes, then came in and went to bed. The next night it was not there. It had been completely stationary (that would not be the case if it was a satellite, would it?) If it moved, I sure didn't detect any movement.. other than the strobing lights. I would love to hear some feedback on this. Any of you skywatchers out there... check out the stars with binoculars.. and see if you can see anything like this. I hope it comes back. It occurs to me that these things COULD be revealing themselves to certain people.. who are open to it.. because I have noticed many people who have seen a UFO have, in many cases, seen others later on, as well. What are the odds of that happening? I mean, yes, once you have seen something, you tend to look at the sky more than before.. but still.. for people to see, not one, but two, three, four.... either they are very fortunate... or hallucinating, right? Always Love, Twister
