{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-19 23:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482636","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77319","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2815,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/636/mufon-5482636.json","updb_database_id":5482636}
{jpg} Bright Green UFO Over Deer Valley Road

On the night of 6-19-16 at 2318 hours a UFO of the above description was observed through the front windshield of a parked Prius. I had just placed my lunch pail onto the back seat and had started the vehicle. I was about the take my foot off the brake pedal and was looking straight ahead. A large green UFO immediately came into view and crossed the exit lane travelling West about 20 paces North of Deer Valley Road. I later stepped off the distances from my location to the sighting and it was 100 paces from where the vehicle was parked. The craft was just above (3) short palm trees but became obscured behind a row of Eucalyptus trees. Upon sighting the UFO I sped down onto Deer Valley Road and jumped out of the Prius to further observe the craft. I observed the following as it headed down Deer Valley Road at the same elevation as originally observed. The rear of the UFO had (2) lights on the left and right, a white light above a red light the outside corners had a radius. The green light was like a green mirrored sphere however the light was moving like liquid mercury, most beautiful thing I've ever seen. The craft had a ring around the middle, not a narrow ring but a thick ring that was serrated like a quarter. The serrated outside edge had flat spaces between the serrations. The ring was a semi transparent and diffused white glow but not bright white light. The size of the craft could be judged because the road was like a measuring tape. The craft was slightly wider than the (2) way road. This craft proceeded down Deer Valley Road and disappeared from sight due to the low elevation and turning Northwest around 135th Ave.

The video shows the eerie lights on (2) different stucco light columns as the UFO was moving. This is security camera on IR, a camera in the best location stopped working at 2316:22 hours for reasons unknown.

I also observed a similar UFO on 6-25-16 at 2115 hours that was reported and can be found online under Green Glendale UFO. I did not report this sighting but observed this UFO with another person.
