{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-12-31 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472636","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2824,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/636/mufon-5472636.json","updb_database_id":5472636}
Rocket shaped object seen

My wife and I were travelling by car from Sydney to Canberra on 31-12-92, intending to spend New Years eve with relatives in Canberra. It was a clear sunny day. At approximately 1-30 pm we were approximately forty five kilometres from Canberra, and close to a vineyard called Lake George Winery. I negotiated a bend in the road, and immediately saw an object in the sky some distance ahead, at a low altitude. My first thoughts were that I was observing a head on view of a Boeing 747. This aroused some consternation, as I knew that Canberra airport did not have a runway capable of handling a 747, and I could not understand why a 747 would be at such a low altitude. The road lapsed into several bends with some trees, and I lost sight of the object. After negotiating the bends, the road was then straight for a couple of kilometres. As soon as I came through the bends, we both regained our view of the object, only then, it was a full side view, and we both were astonished to see a rocket shaped craft, hovering at approximately 100 metres above some low hills to the north, with these hills in turn, approximately 190 metres above the road we were on. I have calculated these measurements using Google Earth. I stopped the car, and we got out and further observed the object. We were approximately 800 metres from the object. The object was a classical rocket shape, approximately 45 metres in length, approximately 6 metres in diameter, slightly tapering towards the rear. It was a grey colour, and there was a single row of windows for nearly the full length. I do not recall the exact shape of the windows, only that they were there. There were no protrusions whatsoever on the outside of this object. There was a cloud of steam like vapour around the tail end of this object, no sign of pressure, more like steam from a parked steam locomotive. I had a cam recorder in the car and retrieved it, and attempted to take a movie of the object, and my camera would not switch on. Yet I used it later in Canberra without a problem. Suddenly the object just disappeared, one minute it was there, and then it disappeared. The cloud of steam like vapour stayed in the sky for a few more seconds before disappearing.
