{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-25 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527636","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27991","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/636/mufon-5527636.json","updb_database_id":5527636}
Triangle with 3 white flahing lights

I was at work and work and live by the airport. I work graveyard and see planes coming in to land all the time, although I cannot actually see the airport itself from where I work. I saw what I at first thought was a plane coming in to land but it looked much bigger than any other plane I had ever seen coming in to land....It had 3 white flashing lights as if they were on the corners of a triangle. When I can see planes going towards the airport, they are as big as if you hold your arm out to the sky and they are about the size of an inch between your thumb and finger...This thing was about the size of 3 or 4 inches using the same method. I realized it was not a plane when it got way too low way too quickly and ALL the lights were white AND flashing. On an airplane, only the back 2 lights flash and there are a multitude of different colored lights. This object was traveling level to the ground and was maybe 500 ft away at 100 feet in the air but its hard to estimate.... It got really slow and continued moving behind some trees and eventually went behind a storage unit that was in the foreground and I had to help a customer so I couldn't watch it anymore, plus there were just too many trees around. I do remember thinking if it was a plane, it was way too big, way too low, and traveling so slowly that it would have dropped out of the sky. I live by the airport and see planes taking off and landing all the time. This was not a plane or a helicopter or anything I know of. I listen to coast to coast am and mysterious universe so I hear stories about these triangular craft all the time and was just so astonished to actually see something. My mind was fighting with itself trying to explain what I was seeing. It seemed like it was pretty close to some apartment complexes and thought the lights were so bright that many people might have seen it, but then again this was at around 3:30 am.
I have seen other anomalous things...once a "star" was following me and my boyfriend while we were walking home and when I pointed at it and said "is that star moving?" It took a 90degree turn without slowing down and sped up and got so far into the sky that it eventually disappeared. This was about 8 months ago. This event happened while I was telling my boyfriend about these 2 "stars" I had seen in the sky about a week earlier that I thought were just 2 stars. I had gone outside at 3am or so to smoke a cigarette and looking at the stars. ( I like to try to find satellites) and these 2 stars started moving at the same time in a slow arc and eventually got so high/small into the sky that they disappeared.
