{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463636","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97298","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3613,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/636/mufon-5463636.json","updb_database_id":5463636}
{tjd} Stationary nonreflective craft with approximately nine green/gold/white lights around border. Remained directly above for five+ minutes. Disappeared while I went inside to get husband.

The approximate time of my sighting was November or December or January of 2009 or 2010. Very clear, no clouds, no wind. I've always enjoyed looking at the stars at night and in winter everything is very clear. There were no leaves on the trees; otherwise I couldn't have seen anything. It was around 9:00 p.m. I usually stand in the driveway just outside the side door. Some lights drew my attention to the sky further up the driveway (westward) just past the garage door, and I walked over, stood, and continued looking up.

I could clearly see a black triangular object, stationary, completely silent. I could only tell there was something there because of the nine or so green and gold lights which were evenly spaced around the outside edge and which defined the isosceles triangular shape. I stood for at least five to 10 minutes, a long time. It was cold. I wanted my husband to see it but thought it would probably disappear while I was trying to find him in the house, so I just stayed there. 

The object did not make me feel threatened or anything other than curious. My initial thought was that it was a B-2 Spirit Stealth Bomber, but it was the too small, the wrong shape, and the lights certainly weren't in line with stealth. Besides, it wasn't moving at all or making any sound, and I don't think the B-2 has either of those capabilities. 

I repeat, there was never any movement from the object. It never made any sound AT ALL, no hum, nothing. I have far beyond excellent hearing. There was no audible disturbance of any kind, no air movement. The object did not appear to be very high up, perhaps less than 60-90 feet. It was not large. I made the "find your dominant eye" shape with my hands above my upturned face, and the object fit inside the triangle made by my hands.

Finally I ran into the house because I wanted someone else to see it. I shouted for my husband to come out. Instead of coming, he said "what is it" because I didn't sound panicked or scared. 

I said Just Come Out. 

Immediately I returned to the spot I had been standing in, but the object was gone. I felt distinctly irritated. I looked all around the area of sky that I could see from that position, and there was nothing there. I walked down the driveway and looked in every direction. Nothing. 

My husband FINALLY came out. My desire to share this with him was a wasted effort. Next time he can find his own UFO.

For many nights I went outside and looked in every visible area of the sky from our driveway. I never again saw that object or any other object. 

Note: I remember thinking the craft's lights reminded me of Christmas Lights, which is what makes me think it was probably in November or December or January. It was definitely after 2006. My approximation of 2009 or 2010 is just what sticks in my mind.
