{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505636","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53208","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3463,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/636/mufon-5505636.json","updb_database_id":5505636}
{rjl} Stationary for 15 min, descended with lateral track behind the mountian

We were dining with friends at our house. my wife and one guest noticed the light poised over Mt. Ashland wanting me to photograph it thinking it was venus. i snapped 4 pictures from my HTC one cell phone in dusk light and continued to observe it for a few min. i thought it was an unusual size and intensity for venus as well as suspecious about its position so I went into the kitchen to get the binoculars. In the few moments I was away, the object moved to the right and descended to a new position in hover, so that when i returned it was no longer posing over the peak of Mt. Ashland. i quickly put up the binoculars to have a better look. As soon as I aquired the object in view it began to move slightly erraticly, somewhat slowly for the range but the object must have been quite large and in perspective the speed would have been tremendous from an aviation point of view. The descent was seemingly deliberate, to the right and down the back side of the mountain pausing at tree top level for a moment before it decended from view. I got the impression it knew it was being observed.

That mountain peak has a large weather radar dome on its peak as well as several communications antenna that can barely be seen by the naked eye from our house about 20 miles away. the object appeared to be slightly behind the mountain so some distance greater than the Mountain peak. Through the binoculars I could not make out a defined shape as the object began moving as soon as I had it in view but, it had to be huge as it dwarfed the equipment on the mountain, surrounding terrain, forestry and ski lift equipment and was much much larger, brighter and than aircraft that commonly fly over Mt Ashland on an instrument approach to the Medford (MFR) airport. Of course arriving aircraft do not hover for 15 min and the descent angle I observed was pretty much parrallel to the mointains slope to the right, much much too steep for a commercial aircraft.

My wife reports that she and our visiting friend observed an bright orange belt parallel to the horizon illuminate not flash and sustain intensity for a few seconds before she called for me to come and look at it and get pictures.

Photos were taken from an htc one phone, without flash, in various levels of onboard digital zoom... i am sorry..
