{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519781","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/781/mufon-5519781.json","updb_database_id":5519781}
Following the ISS was a large (smaller than the ISS) UFO with two smaller ufos

We had been watching the International Space Station (ISS) for a number of months as it made passes over our area. In fact, once we got to witness the shuttle chasing the ISS at about 7 seconds behind the ISS as it passed over us. This is one of the coolest things I had ever seen in the sky.
The viewing of the ISS had become an event we looked forward to and we tracked the ISS path on the computer so we would know when to be outside and looking up.
I remember that it was not long after the shuttle program had been canceled that we noted via the ww net that the ISS was going to be coming over again where we could see it. My wife and I, along with our adult son, were out on the deck when we spotted the ISS come into view heading west to east across the northern portion of our sky. When the ISS had traveled about one quarter of its visible path I noticed that there was something following it. The trailing object appeared to be about ten percent the size of the ISS and following very close, less than a second behind. (To note; the shuttle we sighted months before appeared to be about 30 to 40 percent the size of the ISS and was following far behind the ISS.) As the ISS progressed on its flight path there appeared two much smaller spots of light. These smaller objects flew very radically around the ISS and the training object, passing both, darting back behind, pacing along side and seemingly orbiting the ISS at about mid point all independently. The impression I was left with by the erratic behavior of the smaller objects was they acted like a couple of mad bees or mosquitoes trying to enrage or provoke their prey. During the full flight path of the ISS the smaller craft maintained its distance very close to the ISS as the tiny ones danced and all left our viewing area.
