{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512781","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45522","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/781/mufon-5512781.json","updb_database_id":5512781}
{nd} Frequent Lights Over Wells State Park or New Boston Road Area

These lights have been seen by myself at various moments during a 20 year period. I remember them when I was a teenager and I have taken an interest in them now as an adult. Now I live in the same house with my husband, and he also has seen these lights, as well as my brother. The lights usually appear in the western sky or south-western sky. They do not appear to be all that far away....perhaps a couple miles or maybe under 4-5 miles in distance. Where we are located, you have an unobstructed view to the west and south-west. This is the direction of Wells State Park....our property borders the State Park. After checking a map, the lights appear to be past a tree line, and through a small neighborhood and past Walker Pond. There is a small mountain/hill there and just beyond is New Boston Road. The lights appear to be around the mountain area or just beyond, perhaps New Boston Road area. The lights are usually extremely bright, like lights on a plane approaching a runway, but then they dim or even fade out so you cannot see them at all. They hover for long periods of time....and then descend or we see them ascending. I have checked local radar and these are not commercial planes from a distance. They do not seem to get much closer than the State Park area....NEVER just above us or close to the house. Distance could be deceiving because of the clear view....it could be greater than 4 miles. I am not sure. They do not exhibit any other signs of strange activity such as search lights or landings that I know of. However, they do exhibit very bright lights white or red....orange once. We have experienced military helicopters and unidentified military aircraft passing overhead. These are always at night. Once it passed so close to the roof of our house it shook. The closest military base in in Eastfield, MA. Currently, I have heard a plane noise that passes alwasy overhead around 3:00-3:30am....most mornings. That is also unusual.
