{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-26 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286781","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116601","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2591,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/781/mufon-5286781.json","updb_database_id":5286781}
Red orb, in distance. Rose vertically. Held position perfectly still for ~2 minutes, while intermittently pulsating. Then descended vertically.

I live close to the I10 and 610 intersection in Houston, TX. I went for a walk with my dog around our housing development at ~10.15pm The sky was relatively clear. As I walked facing towards the west (i.e. looking away from downtown Houston towards Katy along the I10 corridor) I noticed a red orb / light rise vertically from behind local buildings and rise to a height in the sky that I estimated to be at 45 degrees from horizontal relative to my position. The light held position perfectly still for nearly 2 minutes, while it appeared to pulsate sporadically. It then dropped back down vertically and disappeared from sight behind the same buildings. From the perspective of where I was standing the light appeared to be at least a mile or more away from my position, and rose to a few thousand feet in the air. The nature of the light was unusual - it was nothing like any aircraft I had seen before. There are numerous aircraft and helicopters in the night sky at that time around Houston when I usually walk my dog, and I'm very familiar with the patterns / sounds and trajectories of their lights. This one struck me as unusual due to the perfect vertical ascent and descent; the stationary hover position held, and the unusual pattern with which the light faded or pulsated - there was no rhythmic pattern typical of navigation lights of an aircraft. I discounted a helicopter or drone as the rate of ascent was too fast, and the pattern held was not at all typical. There was no sound heard. I also discounted a flare as the stationary hover position was too perfect and long for a flare to maintain. I do have mild color blindness, however the color appeared to be distinctly red to me (I usually have no trouble making out the colors of the navigation lights of airplanes). I have no idea what I saw, but pretty sure it was not a typical aircraft.
