{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-04 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498781","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60386","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3127,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/781/mufon-5498781.json","updb_database_id":5498781}
{nd} small object, masked by bright moon 2 people witnessed object.

After exiting out our hotel room, we walked to the common area of the hotel. We found the darkest part of the common area to relax for the evening. It was a very clear night and the moon seemed very bright. We were facing south on two lawn chairs observing the clear night sky. The moon was about @35 to 50 degree above the horizon to the south. After observing a couple of planes moving from the SW to NE pattern @ 30 degrees to our right. after about 10 mins of watching the skies. I lifted my hand up and blocked the light from the moon. After doing this, i noticed a small star above the moon. I watched it for about a 1 min and noticed, it was blinking. thinking it was a satellite i continued to watch it. And then it moved it moved up then in a arc to the left then moving upwards then to the right. It never repeated the pattern then it would stop. after it cycled about 2 times. I told my girlfriend sitting next to me to. block the light of the moon out and try to find the same object i was looking it. It took her less then 10 sec to locate it. And i waited for her to see the object move. It did without fail. So she confirmed everything i had observed without me telling her what i saw. At the point, i ran back to the room and grabbed her Nikon d3100 DSLR and tripod and my GoPro 3+ black. After returning i turned the gopro on and faced it up and let it record. Then setup the Nikon to take night shots with different ISO setting. The object continues the move in random left,right up down but never moving very far from its resting point. After another 15 mins of watching and recording. We stop and head back to the hotel room. Once at the hotel room i get my Samsung GS5 and open up the Google sky map app to get idea of what this could be or what it is. Google sky map no help, I open up the ISS locator app to see if this is the ISS, NOPE next ISS pass was for 21 hrs. Alright last hope of trying figures this thing out. i open up the Satellite AR app and select All satellites. NO hope again. But this did allow me to track its position in space. 

Object was located when facing south. Between Navstar58 and GeoTail sats. 
between star m15 and M2 and to give a little better or closer the bent leg of the Pegasus constellation to the right of ENIF. 

In short we witnessed an object moving randomly for a period of about 2 hrs in the night sky. I am still reviewing and willing to hand over all videos and pictures, i just haven't gone though it.
