{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-01-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283781","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119651","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6002,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/781/mufon-5283781.json","updb_database_id":5283781}
first approached by some kind of floating mechanical device then later an entity

In 1971 I was helping a friend work on his family's new vacation home site in the mountains above Montery. I camped out by a creek on his property. I'm from Alaska and camping alone in the wilderness is very natural to me. The first encounter began when I was laying on my cot under large oak tree looking at the Starrs through the branches. I was thinking about what I would do after this project was over in about three weeks. A tone came from the dark just on the other side of the tree. It was a very clear and loud "boop" the a second or so later another different tone then two more and from there it escalated to a constant stream of tones similar to computer generated music and sounds overlapping in a complex pattern beyond my complete comprehension. This torrent of sound built in intensity so much that I could hear it echoing off the hillsides on each side of the creek. This went on for at least 10+ minutes as I lay there. My head was sticking out from the side of the tree but it was pitch black so I could see nothing of the sourceI. I could tell where it was and that was a spot less than 10 feet away and about 7 feet off the ground. I debated approaching it but decided for safety to just listen. The sound began moving away and I could tell when it went down the bank to the creek bed. It was floating slowly away at about 2 miles per hour, walking pace on flat ground but this was very rocky and difficult to traverse on foot. Also in the direction it moved was a 4 foot high wall of tight brush and a layer of dried oak leaves that would be impossible to walk through without making a tremendous amount of noise. I was there before dark so the device arrived silently after nightfall. The device continued down the creek still emitting the sounds (music, message ?) but the complexity was decreased. I listened to it move down the creek and into a gully that branched off the creek less than a hundred feet away it moved up the gully and grew fainter with distance but just before it died out I heard the neighbors' dogs, several hundred feet up the ridge begin to bark furiously. They eventually stopped. I'm "WOW THAT WAS AMAZING". I just lay there a bit stunned but eventually drifted off. You might wonder why I didn't go running out of fear but I mentioned that I'm from Alaska and had faced down large animals both herbivore and predator on many occasions. I even grew up with an African lion as a pet. Even at my campsite I faced down and intimidated a mountain lion that chased some horses into my area. Fear and panic are not a big part of me. Also I have believed since childhood that we are not alone and the future is in the stars, an avid science fiction reader. I kept this to myself but tow weeks later I was in my cot sleeping and awoke and began looking up the creek in the moonlight. I noticed a pale blue light mov ing towards the bridge crossing the creek. I realized that it was a figure with an odd walk. It was hard to make out the details because the figure's form seemed to be indestinct like there was some kind of visual distortion on the surface of the figure. It walked down towards our main cooking site out of my vision then after a few moments it walked up the path to my campsite. The blue glow had subsided to a very minimal to nothing but I could still see it fairly clearly in the moonlight. I was just laying there without fear or concern which was odd. The figure approached me and walked around to my other side, between me and the oak. It was very typical of a grey but the details were a little different. It was about 5' tall and slender with a dull metallic jumpsuit as best I could tell. It may have had an equipment belt at the slender waist. He leaned over me and looked into my eyes. I felt myself being drawn to him like falling into a vortex. He did not go into my mind but I went into his. I do not remember what went on but when I came out of it he was still leaning over me looking into my eyes but was drawing away. He then put his hand on my chest then stood up. He walked a few steps turned to look at me for a moment them walked to a log I was using as a table and did something that I could not make out. Then turned and walked away out into the dark and I drifted off to sleep. In the morning I was very concerned because what I tried to write off as a dream was as clear as myself sitting there. I did not mention it but a few days later the land owner said to me "I had the weirdest dream last Thursday night that I was sitting here in this chair by the cooking area and this short slim man walked up to the edge of the cook site stood there looking at me with large glowing eyes for a few moments then turned and walked up the path to your campsite then I woke up in my bed up the hill. I just about choked because Thursday was the same evening as my experience. I then told him my experience and we both went WOW. There is more to this and another witness who heard the sounds the device made. My opinion and from the understanding I have now from experience and education is that there was no aspect of hostility or exploitation in the entity's actions or intentions. Thinking back I believe it was more like what a cultural anthropologist would do in an investigation. I did get an impression of concern for our planet and civilization.
