{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-09 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522781","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33230","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/781/mufon-5522781.json","updb_database_id":5522781}
white, cigar shaped moving slowly, no sound, reflective surface.

I was cleaning my car at about 11:30 A.M.on 11/09/2011 and I happened to look up into the sky. I saw a white cigar shaped aircraft moving slowly from a NW to SE direction. There was no sound and no exhaust trail of any kind. I noticed that there were no wings on this craft which was the feature that made me stop and look more closely at it. I tried to determine if it was a blimp, but it was moving in a completely straight line. I did not have my phone or a camera or binoculars of any kind. It was high up in the sky but it was not above any cloud cover. The day was beautifully sunny with a blue sky and just a hint of cloud formations at random in certain point of the sky. I followed the object across the sky for approx 2 minutes, observing a reflection off of the surface of the craft which I presumed was from the sunlight reflecting off of it. The sun was straight up in the sky and behind me so I was not looking into it. I then thought to look in the trunk of my car for some binoculars. The trunk was open because I was cleaning it and I looked down, moving some stuff around to see if I have my binocs. When I looked up, the object was gone. My initial feeling on this craft was that it was a balloon or some kind of blimp. It seemed to just float across the sky. Approx 5 minutes later I observed 3 aircraft, all planes (I could see their wings and exhaust trail) moving in the sky in the exact opposite direction (SE to NW). These aircraft were obviously planes with wings and exhaust trails. They seemed to be at 3 different altitudes in the sky. I believe this because they all seemed to be different sizes and the exhaust trails were different depths of thickness. I know this is a generalization but I made note of it to determine how far away they were from one another. The first aircraft came across the sky followed by the other two a good distance behind. The two behind the first one were separated by a good distance as well from N to S. I followed these aircraft until they passed above my house and off in to the distance to the N. The whole thing from beginning to end was about 20 minutes or so. I have seen other strange things in the sky here before because we are in a very rural area and the sky is very open to us in most all directions. This is the first time I have seen this type of craft in the sky and also the first time I have seen something unusual during the daylight hours with the sun shining brightly and a clear sky. As a follow up, I have lived out here in the country for 15 years now and am familiar with the wildlife. This was no bird or living creature.
