{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-01-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500781","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58306","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/781/mufon-5500781.json","updb_database_id":5500781}
{rjl} I am reporting for my Father who was a United Airlines Pilot for 35 years. He and flight crew all saw the same thing. They communicated to ground about it, because it appeared so close to the plane they were flying at 35,000 ft.

Okay. My Father is deceased, I am reporting for him. He was a United Airlines Pilot from 1958 to 1986. One day in the '80s my brother asked him, did he ever see a UFO. To our utter surprise, he said yes. 
 First of all you should know this man, [name removed/CMS/rjl], was at that time a co pilot. He flew without incident all those years,(except for a hijacking, but that's another story.) Before that, was an Air Force pilot as well. He was a pilot's pilot, a real safety nut, a go by the book person in all aspects of life. He was also very truthful, and demanded truth from us. This situation put him in a kind of a bind. 

In the early eighties,while flying a domestic run across the United States in a 737, at night, at 35,000 feet, the crew observed what they supposed was another airplane flying nearby. They radioed ground control and asked, casually, "Who is that flying at our 2 o'clock?" Ground said; "No one is flying at your 2 o'clock." Crew replied, "Well, we're staring right at it." 
Ground again repeated there was no traffic in their area at that altitude and position. 

My Father said ground asked them for identifying marks. What they replied was something like, "We see lights and a cigar shaped object." After more back and forth, ground asked that deadly question; "Would you like to make a report." Off mike, the crew quickly discussed among themselves. By crew I mean the navigator, the Captain, and my Father, copilot. They replied that no, they would not like to make a report. That was the end of the discussion. The object flew alongside of them for another half hour, and then disappeared. 

As you know, the reason the crew would not make a report is that they would then have to take all their psychological tests over again, and have the incident written into their permanent record. It was a distinctly black mark to report such things and very much frowned upon.

My Dad only discussed this with us once. He died in 1993. I am sure he would have liked to have added this to some database somewhere had he the chance. 

This is really as good as I can do. I can't remember the color of the lights, just that the thing was on my Dad's side of the airplane and he was thoroughly exasperated by the fact that there was so little they could do about it.
