{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-22 03:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451781","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109865","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3902,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/781/mufon-5451781.json","updb_database_id":5451781}
Row of 18 descending lights following exact same near vertical path

At 3:07 a.m. on June 22nd ( the early morning of the day after Father’s Day, 2020, my significant other and I were relaxing in the hot tub. She’s a nocturnist (night doc) so we are often up late. We have a clear view of the eastern sky. I was wide awake and gazing East. She was dozing. 
Suddenly, in the due East sky about 45 degrees above the horizon, I saw a descending light, like a shooting star but much slower. ( We had seen shooting stars earlier in the evening. They travel quickly and burn out fast.) This light was traveling almost perfectly vertically, only a slight tilt to the north of due East. 
Then I saw another, and another, and another, all following the exAct same linear path. Not parallel paths, but the identical path was being traversed by all of them. I excitedly said, “ look, look!” My girlfriend snapped to and watched the parade of descending lights. As the lead light descended, it faded out, and another one would simultaneously appear on the end of the train of evenly spaced lights. Four or five were visible at any one time, but the train kept renewing itself, with the lead light fading out and another taking its place at the top end of the trIn of lights. 
I counted a total of eighteen lights before they all faded out, one by one, as they got closer to the eastern horizon. I jumped out of the tub and ran into the house and checked the. Time on the clock on the stove: 3:08 a.m., June 22, 2020.
I am very familiar with meteors. I taught astronomy for 32 years. These were traveling much slower, descending nearly vertically toward the eastern horizon, not across the sky parallel to the surface as meteors tend to do. Not only were they traveling slower than any meteor I have ever seen, but the illuminated points of light were all traveling the exact same path, the front one always faded away, and additional lights simultaneously appeared on the trailing end of the linear trajectory. 
Re-entering satellite debris follows a single direction of travel, but is spread out. It also flashes brightly and leaves a trail of glowing debris like a meteor. These objects had no tails, no flashes of glowing debris, and no wake. It was as though We were seeing an organized formation of objects entering the atmosphere on the exact same flight path. 
The Travel vector is approximately consistent with Mt. Adams, some 60 miles distant. 
I called my pal Rob Johnson the next day. He studies this stuff. He thought it might be a comm satellite or a string of such things being released by Elon Musk’s Space X thingy, but he checked and could not find any record of launches on Father’s Day weekend. Also, if it was a satellite launch, it didn’t go well because the objects were descending toward earth. 18 objects is a lot of satellites. Repeat: they were not incinerating due to friction with the atmosphere. It appeared to be very precise and controlled descent, all on the exact same vector. I have seen satellites and space stations travel the sk at night. They travel parallel to the curvature of the earth. These bad boys were entering the atmosphere, heading almost straight down, and in the rough direction of Mt. Adams or another peak in the crest of the Cascades.
Hope this helps.
