{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486781","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72912","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2426,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/781/mufon-5486781.json","updb_database_id":5486781}
{jpg} Dark triangle with star like object with it cloaking off and on .. No sound

I went out on my back porch for a smoke by myself and just looking at the stars and off the side in the cow field I saw something dark and low to the ground slowly moving closer to me and I had to just watch it I was completely in shock and I could not move! I could not hear it as it slowly started to go over my roof and then over my head and I could see like bright star like object inside of it floating .. My heart was racing and it went over some trees and it disappeared I ran inside my home and grabbed my boyfriend and told him what I just saw and we ran back outside and it was gone we sat there for about an hour talking about it and out of no where it was gliding back over my roof again and this time my boyfriend could see it!!! I started to get scared and it was gone again and few minutes later it was back again! We watch turn sharply and seen the stars leave the dark mass and go back inside of it ... It would show it self then it would like cloak and disappear and then show back up again over and over I was crying because I know they was watching us and I was very afraid of them getting to close to us I kept running inside telling my boyfriend get in the house! But he would not listen to me. We tryed to get video of it but when we watched the video we can't see it .. It's just to dark to see it right in front of us. I have never been into UFOS but what I saw was unmistakable it was something strange and I can't say it was human no human could have been in this thing it was like it was alive .., it was not from this world ! I wish for someone to just confirm what I saw and maybe someone else seen it too. It was truly amazing and I'll never forget what happened that night and it changed my mind about UFOS they are real!
