{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-02 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525225","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2522,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/225/mufon-5525225.json","updb_database_id":5525225}
Gliding

(Note: My location is in historic downtown of Cheyenne)
 I stepped outside in the backyard to smoke a cigarette and noticed the starry night we have tonight, with light clouds rolling through occasionally. As I observed the sky above, (my body was facing towards the east)I took notice to this object that appeared to be gliding across at a somewhat high rate of speed.(Sort of how satellites appear when moving at a low but rapid speed.) At first I thought it was a satellite just very low in the sky, but then I noticed that the color of it was due to the reflection of the city lights which I then realised was way lower than a satellite should be. It was dim but had a reddish/amberish glow(the same sort of color/glow you see on clouds when theyre generally passing over a city that contrasts a lot of light.) It almost appeared as if it were gliding across the sky heading towards the south-west. As it moved further away, the reddish/amberish glow of the object became more dim which I assume is from it moving away from the city and as it kept gliding along, the dim faded out completely and I lost site of it. The object appeared to be moving at a set speed, faster than an airplane or helicopter, therefore I couldnt "identify" what it was, also as it moved along in a SW direction, it seemed to start heading in more of a western direction before the dim glow of it faded out. After that, I looked around the sky to see if I could spot any other odd things but decided to head back inside after spending another 5 or 10 minutes obvserving. It was very odd and sort of caught me off guard especially being outside with no lights on and put me in an eery mood. It seems I always spot these weird occurences around this time of year and of course I am never close to a camera or video camera to catch it! If anybody in Cheyenne or Wyoming has spotted anything strange in the sky, report it! We want to hear about it!
