{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504225","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54671","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/225/mufon-5504225.json","updb_database_id":5504225}
{cak} bright lights zigzaging acoss the sky

I was at my mothers house and I had been watching the sky since December 21 2012.I noticed blue stars in a circular formation. All of a sudden a yellowish orange star flashed and took off at an incredible speed. It didn't accelerate! It stopped almost directly over the N.O.R.A.D. towers. In 30 years of life I've never seen any planes or helicopters buzz Cheyenne mountain the way this light did. Then 3 more "stars" take off towards the 1st one.they seemed agressive like...bees. Im freakin out. Grab my camera then drive about 10/15 miles to the 7_11on B Street outside of Fort Carson. And thats when the whole front range starts to light up. I have over 20 hours of footage of these lights on the ground and in the air...... I do understand why the government would deny such things.First because the average human being will seriously FREAK OUT. And I mean FREAK. I honestly felt like I was going to jump out of my skin. Any way I put the video the stars flying away on Facebook 2 orange stars at high speed in formation. And the mountain activity on YouTube."me my girl & U.F.O.s" and "mountain lights in Colorado springs" I have 38 gigs of the "mother ships" the yellow "FAC" "ships" that seem to blink signal to the other "stars" . I know aircraft and NOTHING can move in that fashion. Aircraft arnt allowed to fly that closely to each other accept military aircraft but these things would shame the blue Angels and thunder birds. Ive seen F22 Raptors F117s B2s Ospreys meteor shower and all sorts of attack and transport helicopters. (AFA Graduation)I even got a call from a woman claiming to be from the N.S.A.. telling me to stop "hyping people up". What's scary about that is she used the title special agent not to many peopleare smart enough to say "special agent" if it was a hoax and I only had 4 views on YouTube when I got that call.I'll stop taking about it if I was absolutely sure that was actually a government official but I honestly have no way to confirm it... Please id love to send u these sd cards with the camera focused on the blue stars(its crazy)but nobody seems to know how to dub them. They hide in plain sight. If you respond ill send them to you anyway, their just collecting dust. Please Please Please at least view the YouTube videos. "Me my girl & U.F.O.s" and "mountain lights in Colorado Springs" please....
Ps they arrive at dusk and zip off at dawn but the big ones.. the blue stars just fade as day light approaches. Like their always their and they don't move with the constilations when the earth spins.maybe it's a new type of drone. But I don't know why they'd test them over Colorado Springs instead of like area 51 or over the plains. Why test something over a city???
