{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-29 02:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491225","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68346","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4482,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/225/mufon-5491225.json","updb_database_id":5491225}
{rjl} i got the impression she was a human female though I did not see her

I was up late. Saw what I thought was lighting flashes. Ignored them at first but when I heard no thunder I walked outside onto a screened in porch. Another short flashed directed my attention to the tree line by the house and an object just above the trees which then settled behind the trees above a large ravine. I just looked at it a moment, not knowing what to do. Then I felt an energy around me; I could not see it but felt it. From a certain angle I could see a laser of some kind, not the whole time, it came on and went off a number of times as the energy began to make my hairs stand on end. 

Then I began to have thoughts of her in my head. This is hard to explain. It was not as though she was communicating with me telepathically, it was as though she was planting memories of conversations in my head, memories of conversations I had not had with her. She was human, I could just tell.
She warned me that time was running out, specifically because a "true" globalization was milestone of some kind, that was incompatible with our economic system. 

She told be "divine creature" only meant social being, that social beings were meant to live in unified tribal society, without separated elite and the labor classes, that our tribal culture was split by a mistake long ago by a rebellion they wee responsible for, that they were sorry for all the suffering they caused humanity, that they had fought a war to free us, so that we could choose to return to tribal society again, but we did not choose too return to tribalism. We were betrayed by people who decided to claim the kingship of the beings who had enslaved us. They cannot intervene again. We must start the next rebellion to free ourselves from the ruling elite before they can aid us. Our tribal culture was split and it must become unified again before we can ascend a join the celestial tribes. 

I have wrote everything down I could remember but I a starting to forget, but I got the impression that what the Christians might call Armageddon is more like a global rebellion of labor, followed by an act of suppression by the ruling elite, the final battle is a like a labor strike writ large.

The final battle between good and evil is a battle between tribal good and the evil of feudal slavery. We are not suppose to have a riling elite that owns and labor class that works and must turn over the wealth they create to those who claim t be entitled to it. She spent a long time on that point. The tree of knowledge is the knowledge of feudalism, and the feudal scheme. The forbidden fruit is the transfer of wealth from labor to the elite owner class; it is the fruit of other people's labor that the first false kings (or feudal humans) were forbidden to consume.

Feudal humans are a hybrid, we are tribal beings living in a feudal society. We must return to feudalism before globalization occurs since the feudal economics are incompatible with a "closed ethical" system.

The feudal slavery is the "serpent" that entered the tribal garden. Capitalism is a feudal economic system, capitalism is the snake grown large. Capitalism is the Midgard serpent, the evil wrapping around the earth in the final days. Its all real. 

The Eucharist was meant to teach us that we cannot take each other prosperity and call it interest and profit. To understand how bread and wine can be turned into flesh and blood, you only need to understand flesh and blood are first turned into bread and wine by the work of labor working with their own hands. To take claim the prosperity of people and consume it is to consume their lives and livelihood and cause them to suffer. It is a form of cannibalism. 
We are not brute beasts. We are social animals confined in a feudal cage. We must become tribal again before it is too late
