{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-08 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493225","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66292","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2697,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/225/mufon-5493225.json","updb_database_id":5493225}
Bright orb light seen while driving near Sheffield. Then just completely disappeared.

June 8th 2015.

Yesterday evening I was driving in Crow Edge, near Sheffield. It was around 7pm but still a bright evening with no clouds in the sky. 

I usually have my head in the sky these days due to a similar sighting a few weeks ago at home. I was driving on a section of the road that was pretty straight, and in my eyeline I saw what looked like a bright star just straight ahead but seemed to be high in the sky. I usually would have passed it off as a bright star but it was way too sunny still for there to be stars even of that calibre. As I kept on driving I noticed it shimmy to my left a little bit, but I'm not sure if that was an illusion as I was still in motion at this point. Some trees then blocked my few of it for about 10 seconds, and without turning a corner or anything (I knew where it would be in my eyeline) after the trees revealed the sky again, it had vanished, that was my jaw-drop moment. I then focused very hard to try and see anything around that portion of the sky that it might have been like a plane or copter, but there was nothing there, and the sun was behind me so I could easily see the portion of sky that it was occupying. 

A similar thing happened a few weeks ago while at home in Barnsley. It was a similar time in the evening, maybe dusk, a bright yellow light appeared in the sky moving slowly across to my right, I tracked it for about 2 minutes and saw it just fizzle out, this time I had noticed nearby where it faded that there was a large dark helicopter near it's path. I don't know if this had anything to do with it, but it was moving away from my position so it is unlikely it was a searchlight or anything [searchlights aren't usually that yellowy in colour, I should know as I work in lighting as part of my job].

I have read stories about what happens when people start seeing these orbs in the sky and I'm not sure if I like where it is going, although I am still curious.

Will report anything else I notice.

Keep your eyes in the sky folks :)

AWT
