{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-02-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528225","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/225/mufon-5528225.json","updb_database_id":5528225}
Flew low to the ground, glown red light over houses and trees about 80 of the ground

Cadillac Quebec is a small town up north. I don't remember much of that place as Being memorable except my UFO encounter. My Brother and I were coming back from a friends house about 9-ish that night. I was doubling him on my handle bars. We were talking about school, girls..things 14 year old boys talk about.

The area of this town was dark, but there were plenty of houses around.We were near home, We were looking at the ground (since riding a bike in the dark is tricky) and suddenly the ground around us was illuminated in red light. Now I don't remember if my memory serves me right here, but I recollect the lights near by fading just before it hapened. We both were immersed in the red light. We looked up quickly and saw a Cigar shaped UFO flying really low to the ground. About 80 feet to the roofs of the houses below them.The object was going 40kmh (aprox). The UFO had to be 30-40 feet long. It passed over our house which was a few yards away from where we were standing,The UFO lit everything below it in a red light. What still amazes me today is: thinking about it, the fact that there wasn't a single sound. Like, it didn't have a motor/engine of sorts or displaced any air.

The undercarriage of the object looked more like molten lava which is where the light came from. The top wasn't visible much because the light from below blocked a clear view. 

It made a straight path to the tree tops of the forest a few feet away from our yard. Always in a straight line, no sound.

I am 29 now but in my mind I still see it as it passed over the trees. Every branch of the tress lit up. Revealing every detail of the tree trunks and branches in Red light and then as it passed the return of the dark. Gives me the creeps.

I must say that since that day, I have a keen interest in UFO/Alien subjects and research it like you all do. I just wanted to tell you what I saw and how I became "aware" I don't like to use the term believer.
