Case No. 1092 18042020

Date: An indeterminate day in 1994 or 1995.

Approximate Time: Around 23:00 local time.

Weather: Not applicable, given the nature of the case.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: G. M. F.

Description: The witness reported a multiple sighting of anomalous aerial phenomena that occurred near the Presidente Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Airport (SCCI), Punta Arenas, on a date he could not specify in 1994 or 1995.

He described what he saw as three ships, each the size of “a small bus.”
a large passenger plane, about 80 meters long", with green lights and red and blue lighting, which he perceived as windows. He detailed that their shapes were elongated rhombuses and where the wings of a conventional airplane might have been, there were "green balls on their sides that left a trail of the same color."

He noted that the phenomena flew silently, just a few meters above his head, moving at a constant speed, slower than a plane landing, and heading towards the Strait of...
Magallanes, whose waters they submerged in.

He explained that upon arriving at the Aerodrome, he was able to enter the Control Tower as his father was a DGAC official and the on-duty Air Traffic Controller (ATC) knew him.
He added that while discussing the incident with ATC, they heard a radio transmission from Porvenir stating "one or several UFOs passing over them." Finally, he reported that
"No more information was ever heard about the incident. There are no apparent records of what happened. But I know that communication records remain in the..."
"DGAC".

A user was contacted, requesting a more specific date of the incident reported and inquiring if they were aware of any kind of record of the witnessed event.

They responded that only the reported incident existed.

Images: The witness only provided their testimony.

Conclusion: The case was closed based on points 2d (audiovisual supporting media for the case) and 2e (case studies over one year old only if audiovisual supporting media are available) of the Technical Instruction on Procedures.
from the CEFAA Research Department, since there are no study means
that allow going beyond the reported account.
