Case No. 1609 05082021

Date: February 27, 2021.

Approximate Time: 12:15 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: R. A. M. C., 47 years old.

Description: The informant stated that he photographed an aerial anomaly at 12:15 (HL) on February 27, 2021 while located in the rural area of Cuncumén, Coquimbo Region.

He described what was reported as having an elongated shape, gray or black coloration, and was approximately 400 meters away. He estimated that, in comparison to
The present trees, this object had a size of 3 meters. Additionally, he pointed out that, in 4 seconds, it appeared from the northwest and disappeared towards the north, flying in a straight line.

The testimony ended as follows (sic): "Take 2 photographs of the hill with a desertic characteristic when reviewing the photos, on the second there is something that was not on the first photo. difference between photos 4 seconds."

Marked with a yellow arrow, Figure 1 shows what was reported in the first photograph of the case.
Figure 1. The reported object is indicated by the yellow arrow.

The two images that supported the report were analyzed through ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery) analysis, confirming they were not digitally altered. The study of the metadata contained in the files confirmed their originality, but corrected the reported date and time to 14:19 (HL) on February 26, 2021.

The user's location at the time of the images was georeferenced.
photos of the case at the coordinates 31° 53’ 13’’ S, 70° 37’ 13’’ W and 1.142
meters above sea level, north of the settlement of Cuncumén (Figure 2)

Figure 2

Figure 3. Distances.

According to this location and what is visible in Figure 1 and the distances calculated in Figure 3, the reported object moved in front of the photographer, in a general north-south direction, less than 10 meters away. Therefore, it was closer.
Even though smaller than indicated, this is consistent with having been only seen upon reviewing the photograph, not when taking it, as the user was focused on landscape elements farther away, and the exposure lasted 1/801 seconds.

Figure 4 shows what was reported at 300 magnifications.

Figure 4. What was reported seen at 300 magnifications.

Considering the above, the analysis of the photographed raised the hypothesis of being in front of a flying insect, slightly deformed longitudinally by its movement.
Figure 5 details its head (1), thorax (2), abdomen (3), wings (4), and flight direction (yellow arrow). For these reasons, specialized entomologist advice was requested from the National Museum of Natural History.

Independently, the entomologist advisors indicated that the reported sighting was a specimen of the Hymenoptera family Crabronidae, tribe Bembicini. Due to its elongated and pointed posterior abdomen, with a pattern of yellow and black spots, it possibly corresponds to a specimen of wasp from the genus *Bembix*.
the genera Bembix, Bicyrtes, or Zyzzyx.

Usually, these insects are known as "sand wasps".
                                      Figure 5


                             Figure 6. Zyzzyx chilensis.

Images: Two photographs in JPG format.

Conclusion: Based on the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographical, forensic, and photographic studies, along with the information provided by the consulted advisors, it was concluded that this case originated from the photograph.
Unvoluntary sighting of a drone from the family Crabronidae and tribe Bembicini, possibly from the genera Bembix, Bicyrtes or Zyzzyx.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained".
