{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477557","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82597","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/557/mufon-5477557.json","updb_database_id":5477557}
The triangular object was far away at first and it kept changing direction when whe looked again it was very close behind us heading towards us hovering in weird directions and then it hovered higher and moving North looking like it is going to land.

Me and one of my friends were sitting outside at about 07:45 just talking and drinking some tea when we saw a flickering object near the moon as big as a star and we thought it was just a plane,but it Didn't make a sound. When we looked again it changed direction and hovering in weird motions. That's when we saw it was triangular in shape with red and white flickering lights on each edge. We didn't pay much attention to it since we thought it could just be a satellite,but that's when things got weird,we turned around and saw the triangular black object hovering right behind us and it was huge,it seemed quite impossible since it was so far away in the sky and now it was right by our side. Me and my friend looked at each other shocked and confused we thought we lost our minds but the object was right there! The object changed direction again above us moving higher from the ground going in a North direction again moving towards the ground like it wanted to land. We lost sight of it behind a big tree infront of us. It made no sound at all and it was hovering at a low altitude with Flickering lights. We still can't believe what we saw and we felt scared and confused we thought we lost our minds. We kind of felt hypnotized because we just stood there in shock,doing nothing at all but just staring. We wish we took photos for evidence because no one wants to believe us but at that moment we just stood there not knowing what to do.
