{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-16 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515557","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42597","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2307,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/557/mufon-5515557.json","updb_database_id":5515557}
observed two objects hovering in the sky blinking multicoloured lights for 2 hours

I woke up around 4:30 am this morning and noticed what I at first assumed was a plane outside my window. Then I realized it couldn't be a plane because it was hovering in the sky, not flying. I got up to take a closer look and saw another "plane" lower and closer. 

I observed the lower and closer object for a while, again, not flying, just hovering - it was moving side to side, so it couldn't be a star or a planet. It was very bright in the sky ( much brighter than any of the stars in the sky - and the other hovering object which was further away) and it was flashing blue, white and yellow. 

When I couldn't figure out what it was, I woke my husband and got him to take a look. He couldn't figure it out either. He got the binoculars out and we were able to take a closer look - the lights weren't just blue, white and yellow, they were every colour of the rainbow and they were pulsing in what appeared to be a random pattern incredibly fast. It was really bizarre - definitely unlike anything either of us had ever seen before. It also appeared to change shape - from triangular (which it was most of the time) to crescent shaped to more oblong - like it was flattening out, if that makes sense. It was really far away, so even with the binoculars it was hard to see, except for the lights, which, as I said were so bright and pulsating so fast! I tried to take a picture and video of it on my cell phone, but the screen only showed pitch black.

I observed it for about two hours (it could still be seen through the binoculars even in daylight.) I left to go to the bathroom and when I returned, it was gone.
