{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-11 07:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506557","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/557/mufon-5506557.json","updb_database_id":5506557}
{kt}black objecet flys west to east then close up southwest. emitted bright light

I was traveling to Bluefield State College from my home outside of Beckley WV. After passing the Flat Top Underpass headed southbound on I-77 I decided to Take pictures of the mountains with the fog settled into them. You can see for probably 60 miles the elevation is a lot higher than the surrounding areas. I snapped a few shots down the mountain at which on point the suns bright rays nearly blinded me (so I believe). As I approach the bottom of the dip I thought I seen something with my peripheral vision down behind the trees but thought nothing of it till I got home. On that evening I was uploading pictures from my phone onto my PC. First I noticed The ball of light in the last pictures and the bright light I thought was the sun. Checked a couple pictures before and noticed an object fly east(right to left in the picture) and drop from the clouds behind the mountains. In the later pictures There is a light so bright you can hardly make out anything in the picture. Then there is a ball of light heading left to right (then flying south/southeast). Had some kind of red something coming off the sides which I don't know if it was caused by the bright flash of light onto the lens of the camera on the phone. The object continued to move in the same direction and drop behind the trees seen in the last picture. That is when I seen something out of the corner of my eye. I never seen this thing the whole time I was driving and was amazed when I went through my pictures. My truck window was down so I know it was not a reflection. The first (black) object in pictures I believe to be the same object seen in the last pictures. I believe the suns light was reflecting off of it making it appear as if it were glowing. I know for a fact it was not a plane or helicopter from experience working at Atlanta National Airways (GA), Dulles Airport(MD), and Oceana Naval Base (VA).
