{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-11 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491557","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68008","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3022,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/557/mufon-5491557.json","updb_database_id":5491557}
{cak} Six orange-red stationary orbs in half an arc formation above Lake Toho.

This happened on July 11th, at approximately 10 pm over Lake Tohopekaliga. I was driving down Pleasant Hill road as I usually do at least 3 nights out of the week with my brother in the passenger seat. The sky was absolutely clear, there wasn't a cloud in sight. As the road adjusted to face N-NE, the strange orange-red lights in the sky situated prominently in half an arc configuration caught my eye. Off slightly to the left of this arc was what looked like a relatively normal aircraft, possibly a helicopter flying right by the lights. Instantly I thought that there might be some kind of military aircraft exercise going on, but quickly changed my mind when I realized the lights weren't moving, they seemed to stay exceptionally stationary and there were no blinking lights like that which you usually view from normal aircraft, these lights were solid and not moving.

My brother thought they might be flares, but I've never seen flares to get up that high and hover for over a minute in a single position. Nor should there ever be a reason to have 6 flares up at once in that strange formation. He also put that notion to bed. Given that July 4th wasn't too long ago, that was also a thought that crossed our minds, but no one has fired a firework for days now and again, the behavior was not like a firework... it hovered for a long time and didn't explode.

The formation of lights were pretty uneventful as we witnessed them for well over a minute before the lights got behind us and to the right and disappeared behind some tall trees when we pulled into a street to turn around and get some video which unfortunately we simply couldn't get. It took us 30 seconds to get back, but the lights were all gone except for the aircraft which was still in the area.

Initially, as soon as we saw the lights we were asking each other what it was, then decided to get the camera (phone), but it was too late, plus we didn't think we could record it at night. I'm still shocked at the notion of having witnessed a UFO and coming online only to be met with images and video of exactly what I had seen tonight! Not to mention, there was someone else who reported a sighting on MUFON of the same thing that I've described here almost exactly a month ago, at almost exactly the same spot and the same time and the same characteristics! Fascinating!
