{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-28 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499557","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59578","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3154,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/557/mufon-5499557.json","updb_database_id":5499557}
{dr}saw what thought was plane but didn't move over an hour. saw lights with and without binos. saw possible fighter jets then object flew off to nw.

I was in bed and my husband, a former Marine and now SWAT leader and Lt. over investigations, came upstairs to tell me he had been observing what he believed to be a UFO. He told me that he had been watching the object for approximately 20 minutes. He came to get me at approximately 2220 hrs. He said that it caught his attention because it was very bright in the sky where we had never seen a star before. We live under flight paths for Hartsfield Jackson Airport, but we have never observed a plane flying toward us directly from the west before. He thought maybe it was a plane anyway. He noticed as he continued to observe it that it never came nearer or distanced itself, as he thought it might have been a plane coming toward him. He noticed that with the naked eye, he could see red, green and yellow lights moving from right to left horizontally across the object. Then the lights would pulsate one color at a time in no particular color pattern, but still only red, green and yellow. I came downstairs and observed the same as my husband. I watched it with the naked eye and binoculars for approximately 20 more minutes. At approximately 2245 I asked my husband to have my brother come outside so he could see it too. My brother came out, witnessing the same as my husband and I. We got out one of my husband's sniper spotting scopes and could see the same as before, but nothing was much clearer. It appeared that when the lights were in motion, they seemed to be moving around an object. When the lights pulsated, it seemed orb like, or rather the lights were larger. After observing a few more minutes, we noticed two planes that we assume we fighter jets because they were at an altitude of approximately 70,000 feet. They did not have a defined flight pattern as one flew under the object from north to south then banked east and flew east northeast over my residence. When wwe noticed the other plane, it was flying west southwest toward the object, also flying over my residence. When we noticed the two planes, the object started moving. It flew north (possibly north northwest due to it becoming dimmer) from its location. It took it approximately 2 minutes to get behind the treeline and exit my field of view. We watched the next night to see if maybe we were mistaken and maybe it was some sort of star, but we have not seen since, nor had ever seen before, anything like what we saw that night.
