{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-05-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492557","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66977","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3756,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/557/mufon-5492557.json","updb_database_id":5492557}
{rjl} WWII air dog fight in the sky

I was waiting for mu husband to come home. It was late and I was upset that he had not come home yet. I went to the front of the house and sat on the arm of the sofa looking out of the big bay window watching for any signs of his car pulling up into the driveway. I was looking up at the stars as some appeared to be exceptionally bright and a little bigger than the surrounding stars. As I kept starring at them, then suddenly began to sort of drop, then one, then two, then many, many more.  They began to move in a motion that appeared to be like right out of a Hollywood movie of the WWII air fights with the Japanese planes. I watched for many minutes trying to figure out what it was that I was watching. I then realized it was too high for our planes to be doing the type of maneuvers they were making. I wanted to go to the phone and call my parents to look out their windows and see if they could see the same thing, but it was before cordless phones were popular and my dad had to get up at 3:00 a.m. to go to work for the post office and I was afraid to wake him up as well. I was afraid that if I left the window I'd lose sight of them, so I stayed and then, as quickly as it started, it stopped.

My heart was racing. I thought, OMG, is this the end of the world??? I recall anxiously grabbing the morning paper to see if anybody had reported the sighting, but there was absolutely nothing in the paper. Nothing on the news at all. I called my Mom the next day and told her what I saw. She said I should have called her so she could have witnessed it too. 

I have had a couple of other sightings of UFO's. The next was up in the foothills of the Sierras in Calaveras County. We were outside sitting by a camp fire watching the skies over toward the direction of Area 51. We saw many objects that were start like move quickly from East to West and from East to North West in a matter of a mili-second. Some would appear to be a single star-like shape, then would spilt into 3, then they would all fly off into different directions.

The last sighting was what I call, a giant mother-like ship that was black, like a shadow. Again in Calaveras County approximately in the late 1990's. We were all out on the hot tub deck looking outside when we saw an object flying very low, perhaps just above the tree tops. It flew very slow, but what was so weird was it had a spot light and it was in a search like mode. Moving in a slow, sweeping motion. It would come on, then the light would go out. The ship moved continually forward from the North towards the South. It flew directly over the house. We would see its under belly. No windows, no lights. It looked like right out of the Star Wars movie. Not smooth at all. The search light was off until it moved passed the house , then came back on looking for who knows what???? There was NO wind, NO sound, nothing. It was huge. Then, it flew over the ridge and out of sight, but then in about maybe 20 minutes, we saw it again further East of us doing the same thing--search light and moving very slowly North. We watched it fly out of sight again, never saw it again.
