Case Number: 1774 02052022

Date: May 2, 2022.

Approximate Time: 05:16 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Autumn.

Witnesses: C. P. S. G., 24 years old.

Description: The informant reported having witnessed what she considered to be two
Air anomalies at 05:16 local time, on Monday, May 2, 2022, from Viña del Mar, in the Valparaíso Region.

The reported phenomenon was described as white lights. No further details were provided.
appreciation of their sizes, but they had indeed been visible for more than one
minute, always to the east.
The user concluded by stating that (sic): “My mom went to pick up my partner and me at my room around 05:15 AM in the morning so we could see the lights in the sky. We were all awake at that time. The experience was surprising, the lights were very large and bright. We live here and had never seen those lights before. They were notably large compared to the other stars. A plane flew underneath and the plane looked incredibly small. We spent a few minutes looking at the lights and then went to bed. We did not..."
"We saw when they disappeared but they are not there today."

Two photographs and a video were uploaded to the SEFAA reporting platform.

Figure 1 shows the reported phenomenon enclosed in a celestial circle as it appears in the first of these files.

                                    Figure 1

The user's location was georeferenced in Viña del Mar, in the Valparaíso Region, in an area 186 meters above sea level. (Figure 2)

                                    Figure 2
The images that supported the report were perused with computer programs, confirming they were not digitally altered.

Upon studying the astronomical situation at the time of the photographs, the visible presence of the planets Jupiter and Venus was determined. (Figure 3)

Figure 3. The astronomical horizon visible to the user at the time of capturing the image.

Only the planets Jupiter and Venus were directly visible on the astronomical horizon depicted in the images, whose risings occurred at 03:55.
and at 04:01 hours, respectively.

Images: Alongside her report, the user uploaded four audiovisual files
with two photographs in jpg format and a video sequence in mp4 format
of the same situation. Two of the photographic files are of the same
photograph, which was uploaded twice on the SEFAA platform.

Furthermore, according to its name, the filming was captured
approximately 5 minutes before the photographs, and according to the
user's testimony, she had had difficulties in uploading it to the
due to the size of its file. This explains that the material was
Cropped at 19:08 hours on May 2, 2022 and for that reason in its
Information manifest this change.
Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the
geographical, forensic, photographic, and astronomical studies concluded that it
Júpiter and Venus were reported.
Therefore, the case was closed and classified as
"Explained"
