{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-10 22:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514383","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43840","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3345,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/383/mufon-5514383.json","updb_database_id":5514383}
(GS) Multiple sightings over Illinois

I was home when my son called me to go look at this object him and his friend had been tracking for a couple of miles. It was long and bright with bright white lights that was moving West coming from the East. The lights which were changing in some kind of sequence at times the object looked triangular and at other times it looked like a cross. This object traveled for about 45 minutes. While looking at that thing move I started checking out the rest of the sky I turned around looking West and I noticed a big yellow bright light hovering over a house about 100+ meters away and I stared at it for a while and thought that maybe it was just the light post light reflecting off a big antenna or something so I turned around to look at the previous one but I was still curious so I turned back around and at that point this object began ascending over the house and the trees, i urged my son and his friend to turn around and look and we saw this thing ascend,stop and take a very quick flight over us!! it went North west, on a path that no airplanes go, it was big and it had multiple lights underneath, it had a dull whooshing sound which was only heard when it past above us and it just disappeared left no traces of smoke or anything. We were shocked and excited. After that we went back to observing the other one which was now a bit off the path it had been at and suddenly I noticed this row of lights appear out of nowhere. It was south of the traveling object,traveling in the same direction at what seemed to be a slower speed, and it was flashing red and white lights. Both objects kept going stationary and the move...after a while we realized there were 4 more of these rows of lights in the sky in different positions all had white lights blinking in some sort of sequence. It looked as if they were communicating SOS style. This went on for a while. My sons friend took pics and of course they look like bright things in the sky but when we zoomed in we could see the details on these objects. One had green/white/red lights and it was round in shape and the other one was kind of triangular/roundish...it was an amazing experience. This is my 3rd time witnessing ufos in Illinois and my second report here.
