{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512383","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/383/mufon-5512383.json","updb_database_id":5512383}
being observed by a 3 points star under a camouflage or mist/cloud.

I always said 11 I wish I can see at least one -ufo- before I dye 11, and the funny thing, even that a few days after the event I actually told some one about what I saw, it took a while for me to actually accept that I did see a ufo..
I guess it was so natural that it did not register as a sighting, and only tonight, several months after the occurrence that I came up with the idea to report it.
I1m French Canadian from Qu1bec so my wording might lead to questioning..or laughing.. ;)

So1 first I must say that I have been a remote model airplane pilot for about 23 years, I recently move back from Ontario to Quebec. As you might guess the sighting occurred at my flying field, the club name is Amidair.. As my type of flying 1111 a mix of 3D and precision1111 require steady concentration I prefer to fly alone, so I usually get to the field very1 early 05:45 get set up and usually do several flight in a row before the crowd gets there. 

That morning the sky had several patches of gray clouds and I was doing my usual bag of tricks with my plane, and after I did a rolling circle I notice that some thing was occupying a previous empty spot in the shy at around 2 o1clock, honestly, I must admit that I had the feeling of being watch.. I also had the feeling that it was closer to me then the other clouds, we all know that doing a distance evaluation of object in the sky is very difficult since there is no point of reference, as a remote RC pilot like me, it1s some thing you learn the hard way as you think that your plane is in front of the three just to see it disappear in the back of it.. 

So, I1m flying my plane and with time my brain send me a few red flag so I get really interested and I want to take a good look at it so I go in an easy flying mode, doing some long and slow climbing that give me a few good five second to stare at it. The more I look at it the greater my interest grew and the harder it was to fly my plane..

The shape was very surreal, basically it had a center point with 3 long point sticking out, if I remember well one was at 12 o1clock one at 4 oc and one at 8 oc. The surreal part was that it was camouflage like the other cloud with a wad of cloud around the spike and center mass so I never saw any metal or hard surfaces just a 3 spoke cloud1 now I remember thinking 11 that1s the proof.. 3 point clouds don1t exist.. so I kept flying in a survival mode so I could keep my eyes on it up to the time that it did start 11 I guess11 to move away from me, I say I guess1 because with the same outside look, it just shrink smaller and smaller. So if it was going away from me it must have done it in a very.. straight line with me, if it did, that denote some intelligence that it knew that I was looking at it and try to confuse me by not having a lateral movement, I looked at it until it totally disappear then I scan the sky for a moving object, I do think that I saw some thing reflecting the sun doing a small curve but I1m not sure.. 

After that, while I was still flying my remote plane, 2 big 747 did a very1 low fly by right over my head, it seam that they where coming from a take off from the Mirabel airport that is fairly close to my flying field.. They both appear in front of me at a good distance going left to right did a long u turn, came over my head, they where so low that I got uncomfortable flying my plane.. the first pass was right over my flying field the second was a bit wider to my back.. I1ve been a member of this club for a few years now, we see our fare share of plane passing over our field on approach to Mirabel airport, we have what I call the FedEx express that come in like a clock in the morning, We also see a special 4 engine plane with a turbine engine, strap to the right or the cockpit , for engine testing purposes I guess, but never I saw a 747 or two for the matter at such a low altitude.. What crossed my mind for the 747 is that the government is doing some monitoring on ufo, that seems to have.. from what I can read, a weakness for airport traffic..

So there you go.. I now can dye happy because I finally saw one1too bad it took me so long to realize it..
