{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501383","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57674","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5577,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/383/mufon-5501383.json","updb_database_id":5501383}
{cak} Object observed beneath moon opposite July 4th fireworks. Pumpkin-colored glowing (like Chinese lantern) motionless. Disappeared.

I was attending the Dublin, Ohio 2014 Fourth of July fireworks display with my daughter and the family of her friend, including her friend's mother. We were set up in a grassy area outside the Dublin Coffman High School stadium. It was exceptional weather for July 4th--cool, very clear, with just enough breeze to move the smoke from the fireworks away. A while after the fireworks began @10PM, perhaps 15 minutes in, I heard the friend's mother who was seated next to me say "What is that?" I'm unsure whether the mother or her daughter were the first to notice the object, or really why they did, since it was a full 180-degrees opposite the fireworks we were watching, and required turning one's back to the display. When I turned around, it was very easy to see the object. I immediately realized it was nothing one normally sees in the sky. The moon was at about 1/4 fullness, and was above the object in the sky. The object (if I understand elevation correctly as 90 degrees straight overhead) was at about 45-50 degrees in the sky, beneath the moon. A few stars were visible and relative to the object, much smaller lights. The object was not a single point of light but clearly had dimension and definition of a round to oval shape. If you held your fingers up to the sides, it would have appeared to be about 3/8-inch across. It was not possible to say how distant it was, but it seemed relatively close--much closer than a high-altitude jet would look, for instance. As we continued to look at the object, it clearly was stationary--there was no movement whatsoever. I have lived in the past under the approach path for Port Columbus Airport, and am very familiar (say, one plane about every 25 seconds day and night) of what conventional aircraft look like when approaching from assorted angles in the sky--this was nothing like that. I am also aware of the phenomena of an aircraft approaching you in a direct line appearing to be stationary for a time--but they do eventually move, normally look like a point of light, and the lights normally appear clear white to bluish-white. I also used to live blocks from a police heliport and within a couple miles of two hospitals with medical transport helicopters and have seen those in flight countless times. This was also nothing like that. Additionally, the Goodyear Blimp, and those of other companies, make regular visits to the area, especially during OSU football season--this was no blimp. I would also emphasize that the object was OPPOSITE the area where the fireworks display was occurring, and no sparks or other burning material from the pyrotechnics were in that area of the sky. Also, there are often small planes noticeable in the sky during fireworks shows--I know what those look like too, and this was nothing like that. The most curious aspect to me was the color: the object uniformly glowed an unwavering distinct pumpkin-orange--rather like a Chinese lantern that is lit from within. (My bemused mental image of the object now is a floating lit pumpkin--an uncarved jack-o-lantern.) Unlike aircraft, there were no other lights of any color, nor was there any blinking. Also, again, there was not a light ON the object, rather the entire object was lighted. I have a sense that there may have been faint darker lines in the surface, but that perception is a little vague. Those of us looking at it turned away to speak to each other a couple times, and turned back. This was over the space of 1-2 minutes. (It was a little distracting, since the fireworks display we'd intended to watch was going on during this and we couldn't look at both). So, turning back and forth, after a brief time we tuned back and there was no sign of it. It was just gone. Except for lower-hanging smoke from the fireworks, the sky was clear. The only accounting for it disappearing would be if enough smoke had drifted up to cover it, but it didn't seem to be quite high enough to do that. Once it vanished, the mother said "We've seen a UFO." And, since I can't explain what we saw, I guess we did. We were making jokes that they'd come to see the fireworks, that we'd have grey visitors later that night, etc. Our main emotional reaction was curiosity and interest, and perhaps amusement--nothing upsetting. The major aftermath for me is a mystified irritation, as having read and seen recorded accounts of UFOs for literally decades, I am dumbfounded that I sat there with my camera in a tote at my feet, and NEVER thought to reach down for it and attempt a photo. What was I thinking? I'm left shaking my head, as this was the most distinct exposure I've had to a craft I cannot explain and I cannot account for my utter lack of alertness to realize this was something I might want to try to record. I'll be interested to know if there are other reports from the evening of similar sighting.
