{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521383","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34876","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4961,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/383/mufon-5521383.json","updb_database_id":5521383}
I saw a very large triangle shaped craft that was see through but its edges were illuminated by bluegreen light. It was hovering/moving very slow then took off very fast leaving a trail. Then i saw a starlike light traveling in a different direction.

I was at my friends house with my girlfriend and we were having a fire outside. I kept having a feeling like i was being watched or something strange was going on. I walked out from the backyard out to the road to get away from the fire light and to look around. I went back to the fire to get my girlfriend and took her out to the road to see what she thought and she felt like someone was watching her as well. We noticed a star/planet that was extra bright. I jokingly pointed up at it and said," Look there they are!" That second there was a flash or something behind me that immediately made me turn around. When I did I saw a VERY large triangle craft that was "see through." You could see stars behind it as it moved. Seeing the stars through it as it moved was kind of like looking at a fish in a stream, when the craft passed the stars they kind of jumped positions like refraction was taking place. The three points of the triangle were leaving a bluegreen trail behind them. this light illuminated the edges of the craft. The front two edges of the craft were also making the air glow but not like the 3 points which were leaving a long trail. The craft was silent and moving very slow. Then all of a sudden the craft moved very fast in the direction it was heading. The apparent size of the bluegreen trails that is was leaving behind was only a few inches, however when the craft "took off" the bluegreen trails stretched across the sky almost to the horizon. the two lines coming off of the the "wing tips" were converging as it got farther away and looked smaller and smaller, but they never met/came together. All of a sudden it stopped or disappeared. It could have just stopped and i would not be able to see it as it was "see through." When it "took off" it looked just like it does on the movies when a ship goes "warp speed" or whatever. the trails it was leaving instantly stretched across the sky. Next my attention was drawn to what my girlfriend was looking at which was what looked like a star moving very fast across the sky. Then while it was traveling in a straight direction(about 90 degrees from the path of the triangle)it moved in like a semi circle and continued in the same direction it was heading, as if it was going around something in its path. Very strange to see something move like that. It looked like it had no inertia, traveling the same speed as it made the turn as it did when it was going straight. It was a very fluid motion. Then it traveled about the same distance i saw it travel up to when it made the turn and it "went out." It was no longer glowing at least. I then asked my girlfriend if she saw the triangle n she said she was watching the second object i saw the whole time. I then exclaimed "No ones going to believe us! That was Crazy!" I told her about the triangle craft in detail and asked what she saw. I was in disbelief and was excited to have seen such a huge craft. The triangle was probably wider than a dozen 747s! We kept watching the sky the whole night but only saw airplanes with strobe lights. Fourteen of them to be exact. they kept flying all over the sky the rest of the night. Fourteen planes traversing the sky. When it became light out the sun revealed chemtrails all over the sky! I don't know if you believe in chem trails but when i was young planes did not leave lines across the sky behind them like they do now. if they did then there wouldnt be any point to sky writing because all planes would leave trails behind them. Well anyhow i had never ever seen so many "chemtrails" in the sky before or since. They were dozens and dozens and dozens of them. It looked like a hundreds of rockets were launched in all different directions. I can find out an exact date for this as well as the address it took place at.
