{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-10 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490383","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2858,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/383/mufon-5490383.json","updb_database_id":5490383}
{cak} Hovering Triangular UFO with pulsating blue/green lights

Around 3:00 in the morning I found myself laying in bed with a strange and peculiar feeling. I couldn't sleep so I decided to walk outside and smoke a cigarette. I live in the country so I am a frequent star and sky gazer. Every night I follow the Ursa Major over the tree line and across the sky. Well this morning as I found the Ursa Major I spotted a much brighter light in the sky. The craft appeared to be a bright star at first but as I further investigated it I found that it was emitting strange blue and green lights. It also appeared to sway back in forth while hovering. Never completely still of visibly taking a course. I assume that it is monitoring the Air Force base close by. I immediately called my skeptical step father out for a second opinion in which he stated "it must be an airplane, or a star changing colors". I completely disagreed considering even while i tried to lay my head against something to make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks on me the craft still appeared to change colors and continued to sway back and forth. My step father and I went inside to try and find a device that could record it. We don't have a camera so I went outside with my laptop with built in webcam and started to record. I was visibly shaken and feeling lightheaded, as if I had just ran a marathon after smoking a pack of cigarettes. After recording the craft I walked back inside to review it and heard a strange electrical buzzing and hum that wasn't audible to me while I was recording. I went around the house to make sure nothing was on that could give me any sort of feedback and went outside and recorded a second video that had more of the strange feedback. At one point it even appeared to either give me a sideways view of a triangular craft (3 separate yellow/white lights in triangular form) and then they almost seemed to meet in the middle to make one object again blinking blue and green lights. The dogs in the neighborhood were barking and my animals didn't want to stay outside. It stuck around for almost 2 hours before completely disappearing. I tried to upload my videos but my laptop has been on the fritz ever since. I will try to upload later maybe through email.
