{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-06 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282131","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3891,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/131/mufon-5282131.json","updb_database_id":5282131}
Spheres in the sky coming to observe

On Sept 6th 2021 late afternoon /early evening 4-5 pm approx..I had walked outside to join 3other family members doing yard work and talking. I noticed what appeared to be a round object In the west pulsing red up in the sky, It was on a straight trajectory going East. It was slowly descending and made a directional change towards my property. It flew very slowly over towards my barn and then proceeded to fly over my barn roofline and when it came to the end it went just past and lowered down a bit..and came to complete standstill at approx 20 ft off the ground and 20-25 ft away from where we were all standing. It did not bounce, wobble, or move in any way. There was zero sound. The color then pulsed from bluish, to red then back to bluish..Colors appeared to come from inside the sphere. I pointed it out to everyone but one person acted like it wasn’t there, the other two watched with me . One person suggested it was a drone..but it could be CLEARLY seen and there were no propellers , or appendages of any kind and no sound. My observation is this object actually seemed part mechanical and part alive..it seemed to slightly change shape from round to oval and seemed to have ability to change its size ( unless that was optical illusion because of the lights) But to me I felt as if it was alive , intelligent , and seemed to be observing and listening. It seemed to be stationary approx 30 minutes..but now I’m not sure.. then i noticed two more objects off in the distance to the East . These two appeared to be white in color. And much higher in the sky. Finally the one that visited finally started slowly moving off towards the other two in the East. As it approached the other two that circled around each other ( like dancing) and seemed to join together to make one large white ball. We watched this object for approx 5 minutes until we lost site of it heading north behind some trees. 
I happened to then notice 3-4 more Of the same objects Again heading east and several broke off from this pod and was heading towards the barn.. we all decided we had enough and went inside our homes. I contacted the police , reported what I saw ( made no reference to UFO) and enquired if they had any other reports of these objects, or perhaps the military Was testing new technology ? The police actually got back to me and said no to all my questions. The other odd thing is that all four of us were outside WITHOUT our cellphones ..people may laugh at this..but that has never happened before and not since.. so no video unfortunately . 
This area is known for high strangeness .. I’ve also seen what appeared to be a flaming red object streak across the sky..( no reports of crash’s, or meteors) my husband had a brilliant white light follow him on his way home late one night and it veered off suddenly and went into the water. There are often what appeared to be stars and They will descend towards our home .. 
The person who stood next to me the whole time has seen many weird things and is actually very frightened. The one person who was doing yard work witnessed the entire event but has zero memory of it and the last person who stood most of the time observing with us has very fragmented memories .. which I find interesting ..
