{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-28 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292131","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111195","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2327,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/131/mufon-5292131.json","updb_database_id":5292131}
Orb of light changing path high in night sky.

While swimming in lake at dusk I notice a bright star or airplane light very high in sky, but then noticed it was moving. It wasn't in a straight line, it moved straight then stopped and made short sharp horizontal and vertical turns. It also made some swirling or curving movements. I started to think I was causing the movement because I was floating on my back in the water, so I got to a point where I could stand still and it was the object that was moving. It was very high in sky, only other light was 1/2 moon and maybe a few other visible stars. There were people at the lake other than me, but I didn't know them and they sounded drunk. While I watched it seemed to be a little harder to see, if I looked away it took me a second to refocus on it, because of that I stayed still and didn't want to turn away. A boat was approaching me at the boat launch and I apologized for being in the way. It was a couple and I felt I had to explain my odd behavior so I said to the woman "I was watching a strange light moving up anddown, sideways ect... the older woman didn't respond to what i said, just looked around at the "drinkers" and said "a lot of people here tonight." Then i didn't go back to watching, people were turning on car engines and lights to leave. The motion of this one light reminds me of a time when i was 12yrs old (59 now), at home, night time around 10p, Dec around Christmas- 2 balls of light appeared in my bedroom and moved in circular path almost playful with each other, I didn't feel afraid (I was the only person home)... but I never forgot it and have shared my story with friends over the years... the house was in Preston Ct on Swanton Rd 06360.
