{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-02 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286131","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117260","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2458,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/131/mufon-5286131.json","updb_database_id":5286131}
A craft followed me for a few miles on my way home from work

While returning home from my shift in DC I observed a reddish light in the sky off to my right just above the treetops. It had the similar color and brightness of a radio tower, but I knew there weren't any there. As I traveled south on Route 5 from the initial sighting at Deborah Drive the light seemed to pace me. I noted no strobe lights a typical aircraft has. I also noted there weren't any other vehicles out either. As I traveled South it edged closer until I reached a red light at Route 5 and New Market Road. It was a timed light so there weren't any other vehicles around but me. The craft was very large, I'd guess about 80 feet from tip to tip and it had a V shape to it. It was facing North and it hovered over the bank maybe 100 feet in the air. It had 5 red lights that were now very dim. It was a starry bright night, and I could make out the profile of it very well. It made a very low-pitched humming sound. I sat at the light for about a minute, and I then realized I was sitting at a green light, so I slowly crept off. As I did it slowly crept back in a Northernly path. My phone was in my center console and for whatever reason nothing in my brain said to take a video or a picture. However, several months later I worked up enough courage to talk to an Exxon attendant and the County First Bank employee filling them in since they have security cameras. I left my name and number with both and neither called back. I did not go to the library which would have the absolute best view because I had already been humiliated twice. If you google V shaped craft on google the first image is exactly what i saw. I've never seen anything like this, and it took me a long time to go a formal route with this but i would be intrigued to see what the security cameras may have captured.
