{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-17 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460131","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2780,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/131/mufon-5460131.json","updb_database_id":5460131}
{rjl} Disappeared behind cloud.

Driving home from work. Many large billowing cumulus clouds in the sky, also very sunny. I was heading uphill stopped in traffic, with a very broad Vista of the horizon before me. I noticed what I perceived to be a large plane crossing the horizon, moving east to west. This object caught my eye, something about it didn't seem exactly right. In my area Northeast of Atlanta, we are very accustomed to seeing airliners in flight as we are in an approach pattern to Hartsfield Jackson IA. Again, this object caught my eye. It was white or silver, but o could not discern wings. I thought this might be due to my viewing angle. I watched what i thought was an airliner cross left to right across my field of vision. It flew behind a large cloud and passed out the other side. Again, I discerned that I could perceive no wings. There was a large dark cumulus cloud directly in the center of my field of vision, with significant blue sky clearance on either side, left and right. Again, something didn't seem quite right about this object I perceived as an airliner - I think it was the size/speed/angle of flight/inability to make out wings. Again, I was stopped at a long traffic light. Just before the object passed behind the cloud moving left to right I did perceive some variance in the color, a flash of gray or shadow. At the speed that the object was moving, it should have taken no longer than 5 or 6 seconds to reappear. It was moving in a consistent straight trajectory before it went behind the cloud. The object never reappeared from behind the cloud. Given the time I was at a standstill and the clouds position centrally in the sky with open sky on either side, it was impossible that I missed the object exiting the cloud cover. Given the objects size, speed and straight trajectory left to right, I see no way that a normal airliner could have executed a turn to remain hidden behind the cover of this cloud. Again, I am very accustomed to seeing airliners in the sky - something about this one caught my eye/attention as 'not quite right' and I am 100 percent certain it did not reappear from behind the cloud which was isolated in the sky.
