{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-29 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459131","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102385","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3080,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/131/mufon-5459131.json","updb_database_id":5459131}
Two objects observed following plane during flight to Mallorca

On Wednesday 29th May 2019 around 9.30am I was on a Jet2 plane with my family on our way to Palma Mallorca. I had just swapped into the window seat with my son as he wanted to play on his phone. We were seated on the back row of the plane on the right-hand side. I sat looking out of the window and within 5 minutes I could see two objects in the distance, I watched them for some time, they seemed to be staying at the same level as the plane. One moved in a rapid movement up and then down but then stayed at the same level as our plane. I have no idea how long they had been along side the plane before as I had only just swapped seats with my son. I did get my phone out to zoom in so I could take a closer look at them as they were a distance away. One was a cylinder-shaped object with a slight curve shape to the body, it was metallic in colour because I could see the sun glistening off the metal. The other was a disk or a upside down mushroom shaped object, again this was also metallic from seeing the suns reflection hitting off it. I watched them for around 30 mins and kept zooming in with my camera phone, they kept a good distance but always in line with the plane. I managed to take some photographs so I could look at them more closely. After a little time the objects suddenly vanished; I couldn’t see where they went it was as though they had just disappeared. It was like a previous sighting I had experienced not long ago where the objects disappeared too. Whilst I was observing these two objects, I did think how familiar they looked. I am almost certain that these two objects were of a similar shape to what I had seen in a previous sighting near my home with my son when we were in a country park in my home town. I did also previously report this sighting to MUFON which was only recently.
