{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-07-14 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290191","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3340,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/191/mufon-5290191.json","updb_database_id":5290191}
Eyewitness account of Hudson Valley UFO crossing under George Washington Bridge.

On or about June of 1983, I and my then girlfriend where sitting on the hood of my old car and enjoying the view of the Hudson River from a great vantage point on the grounds of a historic site called The Cloisters. It’s located on the Manhattan side about a quarter mile North of the George Washington Bridge. The night was warm and very clear. At first we clearly saw a 300 ft merchant ship traveling by at around 10 nots. We could see port holes, light bulbs and and railings with no trouble. After 5 to 10 minutes things got very interesting and odd at the same time. We at first where confused when we saw a string of lights at a distance stretching almost straight across the river. We thought they where all police boats sailing side by side possibly searching the river. But as the lights came closer we noticed that the lights weren’t on the river but above it. And more they started growing not in brightness but in size! We where mesmerized at the intense but not intense lights as they grew as large as a three story house in diameter. Blue, green, yellow and red. No light was splashing on the water. More like a contained light. Comparable to a curtained window. We saw at least eight across and about 50 to 100 feet above the river. The shape appeared to stretch across the river maybe for at least 1500 feet, maybe more. The thickness seemed to be at a minimum of 100 or more feet, and it took at least three to four minutes to pass us. It was hard to determine the exact shape because it seemed that whatever coated the surface was completely light absorbing. It was more the lights across being blocked from across the river as this massive shadow slowly passed a few feet over the trees following the river until we lost sight of it actually passing directly under the George Washington Bridge. Another observation was that the lights seemed to be facing down at around a 25 to 30 degrees, and it seemed or felt like the lights seemed to be working like a massive viewer or like we would watch a video camera to view the outside world. But three dimensional. It made no sound. Seemed to levitate consistently without up or down down motion heading towards the Bridge. We could see the traffic on the bridge and expected the traffic to stop, but it seemed that none did. It has been many years and the memories of the event resurfaces every time I here or see anything or anyone mention ufo. But I also noticed that this Hudson Valley UFO was never reported anywhere near New York City let alone seen cross under one of the most famous bridges in the world. So we may be the only eyewitnesses to prove it actually reached Manhattan and New Jersey!
