{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-01-01 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504191","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54706","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4893,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/191/mufon-5504191.json","updb_database_id":5504191}
Huge ball of light hovering still above lake at fairly low altitude, started emitting a trail of smoke out of top and disappeared.

Date: New years morning 2001, around 1:30am Eastern (Toronto/New York Time)
Where: Above Ramsey lake, Sudbury, Ontario, Canada
What: A very large white / yellowish ball of light hovering stationary in the sky at relatively low altitude over the lake.

My father was driving my grandmother, grandfather and I back home from a small family new years eve get together on Long Lake in Sudbury. I was 11 years old at the time, but I remember it quite well.

We were driving home when my dad noticed this large ball of light stationary in the sky over Ramsey lake. My grandmother and I saw it too and we pulled over to the side of the road to look at it. It was much bigger and much more brilliant a light than a street lamp, and it was clearly over the water. It was in the sky, but at a lower elevation than commercial air crafts fly. It might have been at the elevation that you'd expect a jet to fly at when doing an air show, fairly close to the ground, but still pretty high above your head. It didn't appear to be moving, in fact it seemed perfectly still, even as it disappeared. 

We pulled over near the now defunct St. Joseph's Health Center (General Hospital) on Paris st. in Sudbury, and my father, grandmother and I got out of the car. We were pretty puzzled and didn't have many words but I distinctly remember my grandmother saying "Madonna!", which is something that she says when she is overwhelmed by something (she is an Italian immigrant). I also remember my father asking me if I had a camera (which I didn't unfortunately).

Within a minute or two, I recall a wavy trail of what looked like smoke rising from the top of it, and then it just disappeared. We were in awe and finally got back in the car and headed home.

The "smoke" was not emitting light but I remember it looking like it I could see the smoke because of the light being emitted from the object.

My grandfather didn't get out of the car for medical reasons (He was very unhealthy, and since passed). 

At the time, my father wrote an article in the local news paper explaining the event. I recall also that he met with someone from the "UFO community" at a local Tim Hortons to share his experience. His name was [Name removed/cms/tg] from [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg] 

:::-- After doing a quick google search, I managed to find my dad's original testimony / email to [Name removed/cms/tg] from 2001 *god I love the internet* --::: 

My dad's original report / letter:

"I was driving home early this morning, with my son and parents with me in the car. We were travelling north on Paris street in the vicinity of the General Hospital (St. Joseph's Health Centre) at around 1:15 a.m. when I noticed this huge light in the sky, over Lake Ramsay, somewhere around the hospital.

At first I thought it was a helicopter trying to land. It seemed that close, but it remained stationary. It was very large and bright. There were no flashing lights on it. I pointed it out to my son and parents, and we just watched for approximately 30 seconds (after I had already observed it for a previous 30 seconds).

Suddenly, we noticed a trail of smoke rise directly upward from this light, and the light simply faded away, just disappeared right from where it was. It was a crystal clear night out, and I have never seen anything like this."

I just wanted to let you know about this, and wonder if anyone else had seen it, or what you make from it."

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

In conclusion, I was young and wasn't into aliens or UFO's or anything of the sort. Having seen that, as I grew up I kept hearing of other UFO sightings that were similar to this (large balls of light either moving or stationary). I'm still perplexed as to what it was. It would be nice if it was actually an extra-terrestrial being, as it would be nice to know that we are not the only technology bearing and/or sentient species in the local stellar area. I'm glad that we were at the right place at the right time to witness this, although I wish we had a camera-phone or camera on hand, like everyone does these days. Thank you.
