{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-05-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490191","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2693,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/191/mufon-5490191.json","updb_database_id":5490191}
Disc emerged from the Sea of Cortez, hovered, with water dripping from it, paused and zoomed at a high rate of speed in a NW direction without making any noise.

I was practicing Memorial Day weekend for the welll-known SCORE Off-ROAD, Baja 500 race to be held the first week of June. Several Americans were in my group. We were sleeping in sleeping bags on the beach N of. San Felipe having practiced the entire day leaving from Ensenada. We ate, and dozed off quickly. Sometime about 1a.m. Something awakened me. I sat up and was shocked to see a silverish colored disc emerging from the Sea of Cortez. It was bright because the moon was shining well enough for me to see the water dripping and glistening from the hovering disc. I do not know why I was not able to alert my companions who were all still asleep in their sleeping bags. I tried to say something, but it were as if my tongue would not work. The object made no noise of its own. I could only see and hear the water dripping back into the sea. i am not sure why I was sitting up as the object made no noise, but something made me sit up. I Clearly saw the disc and had several seconds of direct eye contact. as it hovered a few feet above the water. As I watched it took off quickly, making no sound moving at an angle toward the NW. The object could only have been an UFO as I have not ever seen anything else like it. I was concerned as to why I lost the ability to speak. It was if I were paralyzed for a short while. I never said a word about what transpired during the night to my companions the next day. I was afraid of being razed severely and chose to be quiet. I was the only woman in the group. my all female race team faced plenty of teasing and joking as it was from all the guys. Off-roading is primarily an all male sport so i kept quiet. Now I am much older and i no longer care what people think. I know what I saw, and i recall it quite well.. The object disappeared so fast I knew it was not ofe this earth.
I will admit I was afraid, but since we were not bothered in any way, i did not feel We were in any danger.
