{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-04-15 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521191","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35082","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2390,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/191/mufon-5521191.json","updb_database_id":5521191}
I saw a sort of cigar shaped object come completely out of a cloud as if it accidently sped up.

In Mid April of 2006, I was sitting in my backyard watching my children play. I was also looking at the sky because the clouds were particularly beautiful that day. They were moving across the sky rather fast since it was a windy day, and they had dark bottoms and white billowy tops. I noticed these 2 large clouds, larger than any of the others in the sky going by, and out of the front of the one closest to me I saw a sort of cigar shaped object come completely out of it as if it accidently sped up. It then slowed down to a complete stop and went back into the cloud in reverse as if who ever was piloting it realized it over shot the cloud and was out in the wide open.

The object appeared to be at least 3 times larger than a huge airplane like a Boeing 747. It had around 50 to 100 large windows in 2 rows, one above the other, running along the center axis going down the side of it. The skin of the object had a metallic color, and I could actually see the sun light glittering on it as well as seeing the reflection of the sun in its windows. I had a little less than about 3 seconds to see the object, but in that time I was able to see it in enough detail to know that the front of it looked exactly like the back of it, and it didn1t have any wings on it or a carriage underneath of it like a blimp would. Also, it made no noise.

The one thing that I can say for sure is that it was not anything I1ve ever seen. I don1t think it was of this world. Let me also say that this was a life changing experience for me because prior to seeing it, I thought that there was life in the Universe, but most likely it didn1t make it to Earth yet. Now, I believe the Earth is being visited.
