{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-10 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86815","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5648,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5473565.json","updb_database_id":5473565}
{rjl} 2 huge and monolithic looking ship. See story.

I understand that there are questions to answers here so I will very simply tell you (or whomever is reading this experience of mine) exactly what I saw that night and how strange of an occurrence it was. I understand that It's quite lengthy and my paragraphs might be large and uneven, but I seriously need to get this story out there as weird things have been happening around my house at night ever since. Here it goes.

  I was playing a show at the infamous and long standing venue called "Churchills Pub" with my metal band. Perhaps you've heard of the place? I play Bass Guitar. Anywho, it was 1 in the morning when I decided to leave and somehow I ended up on the Sawgrass Expressway, I was a little new to driving at the time so I guess that's how, however before I proceed with my story, I'd like to mention that me and a couple of friends had been seeing UFO's around my city and out above the everglades since we live so close to it. They still remember seeing them. And I remember the exact date of July4th 2015 where we saw a fleet that was massive and coordinated/intelligent. However, after that day I began to understand that weird things are and were happening around my area and in the Everglades out West. Behind the city I live in. Weird things with *little* explanation.

  Anyways back to my story. I was driving back kind of half weirded/sketched out after what me and my friends had been seeing and I had just got off of I-75 for Sawgrass Expressway. I had just barely entered the Broward county area when I saw the UFO'S again. The same Orange and Red shining/pulsating lights were off to my right as I went over a bridge for one of the exit's and they were what looked to be about, or atleast, 3 miles out. Very far off in the distance. I remember my radio was acting up from what I remember and just as soon as I went to fiddle with it and fix it they were above my car. Yes, from the time it took to look down and fix it then look back up at the road they were above my car. I looked up and there, above my car about 30 feet in the air, were two HUGE alien aircraft hovering/floating above my car with there red and orange lights reflecting off my dashboard.

  I remember looking up at them in utter awe and amazement. I will describe the hull of the ship/design and exterior in this paragraph so I urge you to imagine. They were 10 feet above the center median lights, which I'd like to mention there are NO center median lights on the Express way so I believe that I was taken somewhere, I am seeking regression therapy for a possible case of "Transformed Reality". Anywho, I remember that the hull, or what looked to be like armor, of the ships were colored with a dark-colored Black and Bronze metal and coated with a very thick looking Gloss. Imagine a laminated piece of paper but 100 times over. The Black and Bronze meant that it was some sort of metal or perhaps compound because the only known metal to survive high intensity heat from the atmosphere (Assuming they came from another world which I believe they did) Is Tungsten which is used in military aircraft. So whatever it was made of, made literally no sense. The two ships had 3 parts. The underhull, which looked like a cargo bay that was diamond shaped. The light that pulsated was ABOVE that on what looked like a flat surface. then you had the bridge with black windows. Possible that an alien was looking back at me?. Now for the design of the ship. Bare with me here because this is seriously insane. The design of the ship was truly something from another world and I don't think any UFO reports out there match what I saw. I may have been the first to see such a thing.

  The design like pattern, be it if it was a pattern at all, looked very similar to a 3-Dimensional "Sri Yantra" ,If you don't know what that is then please google it as it will give you an understanding of what it looked like, The ancient spiritual consciousness symbol. Yet at the same time, the more I looked at it the more it made no sense at all. It had HUNDREDS of angles etched all around it, and I can not find a shape in the human geometric system that looked even *similar* to those ships. The Sri Yantra is the only thing that comes even a Quarter close to what it looked like. The design was clearly not from this world. There is no way.

  Furthermore, I'd like to speak more about the surrounding environment. As I've mentioned before, center median lights are none existent on the Expressway but on that night there were lights on both sides for as far as you can see. I went back the following day just to make sure. There are none. I'd also like to mention that there was a car behind me about 40 yards back. When I passed by the aircrafts and went over the bridge I finally mustered the courage after being frightened from what I saw, I looked in the rear view window and that car was gone. He didn't get off the exit for as we BOTH went past it and over the bridge. I must've been taken somewhere.
