{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-12-29 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8966,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5486565.json","updb_database_id":5486565}
{cak} On Dec.29. 1980. approximately 10pm Austin Tx. a large group of helicopters hovering and paralysis in the entire household .

The Christmas holidays were coming to a close on the evening of Dec. 29, 1980, in Austin Texas. I was looking forward to a quiet week ahead getting my two young children back on schedule. I returned home around 8 p.m. from visiting family that day, in the Hill Country about an hour N.W. of my home. 

 My brother-in-law and his two young sons came back from the get together to spend the night with my family. He was going to shave an hour drive off his trip back to Houston early in the morning. I lived about 7 miles NW of Bergstrom Air Force Base. We lived in a 14 X 80 mobile home, in a mobile home park that had another 75 homes. My home sat close to the road on a higher elevation in the park. There were 4 bedrooms total in the home, the children's rooms on one side and master and sewing room on the other side.

 On arrival home, I nursed and put the 2 month old baby in his crib. In the meantime the men made pallets for my 3 and 4 year old nephews in my 2 year old son's bedroom. I tucked the children in, and thought just maybe the 2 year old would go to sleep as he had his cousins spending the night. This was not the case and as usual one of us had to lay down with him till he fell asleep. My husband volunteered and fell asleep with the kids. My brother-in law was comfortable on the couch in the living room and was ready for sleep. I said good night, and went to my sewing room and spent close to an hour sewing, unwinding really. I than took a shower. I headed to the nursery, checked on the baby, and started to wake my husband and decided against it, as I might wake my nephews. I went to bed and fell asleep at approximately 9:30 or 10:00.

  I had just fallen asleep and I heard very loud noise. I was trying to wake up and I could not. The noise was deafening and I kept trying to wake. I felt like I was fighting with everything I had to wake up. I felt terrified of the noise and very confused as to why I could not waken. I fought my way to the surface and my first thought was, Russia has dropped nerve gas on us, as it had been in the news that they had dropped it on Afghanistan. I think this was my thought as I broke partially thru to the surface. I had suffocating feelings or feelings of drowning in a fog and much confusion. I was still rationalizing as I was trying to break free, My next thought was NO, it's a UFO. I was certain of my judgement and I think that with this clarity it helped me break free. . I was totally awake now, but could not open my eyes. The noise was deafening. It was roaring above, right up above me. I was paralyzed, I could not move a muscle in my body. I was frantic, thinking I was dying, but optimistic I was fully conscious. I kept trying to move my limbs, willing my body to wake up. I asked as I was frozen, how many choppers are there? My answer to myself was 11. My eyes came open first. I needed to get to my kids. My body came alive finally and I hit the floor running. 

  My brother-in-law was my best target. In my mind I did not want to wake the children. I screamed at him, "wake up, wake up", he did not move. I jumped on top of him to get to the window, My knees gouging his chest as I swung back the mini blinds behind the couch. I was like a wild woman. I could not see anything at all, no lights. This surprised me, as I could hear them straight overhead. He continued to sleep. I grabbed his shoulders and shook him. All my weight on his chest. I was screaming at the top of my lungs. He never moved a muscle or readjusted his body or breathing in any way. The whole time I was fighting with the blinds.

 I just kept screaming, "wake up, can't you hear that." The helicopters still roaring up above. I went back to the mini blinds, slamming them out of the way, not one person was coming out of their home. I was in position to see 40 homes. I was now in shock as I realized they are all under, the nerve gas or the UFO is putting everyone under? They are in the same state I was in, trying to get to the surface, except they are under deeper.

 Are they ever going to wake? Are my children still alive. I ran to the kids and my husband. Screaming and flipping on lights. No one moved a muscle. I checked for breathing, very quickly, running and shaking them awake but not as rough as I was with my brother-in-law. Not one of them responded at all. I was moving to the baby and somewhat afraid to disturb him as if he might shatter like glass if I woke him up improperly. He seemed to be sleeping peacefully.

 I was getting desperate, The roar above was moving away. I repeated the same routine, my brother-in-law started to waken as I was even rougher, and his words were, "WTF"? barely audible, and he never moved. I had my first relief of the night. They were going to make it, they were going to live. The choppers were moving off in the distance now. My brother-in-law had fallen back to sleep immediately after his response. 

 I was freezing cold. I took another look out the window, wondering why no lights, no movement from all the homes I was looking out at. How could it be? I had expected the men to come out and help.     I was calmer now, reassuring myself, they will wake up. To the nursery lingering over the crib, in the beautifully decorated and warm lamp of the room offering me no comfort. I grabbed a baby blanket, checking one more time on the baby's breathing. I went to my toddler's bedroom and laid down over the floor vent heater almost in the hall, so I could be almost in the baby's room and close to my other child. 

 I started with the Lord's Prayer, promised myself to stay awake the rest of the night and not quit praying till the sun came up. I prayed for Jesus to please protect us and let my children be normal. It was the only time I ever had a 2 month old baby sleep through his 2 a.m. feeding. I am a mother of five. I did not try to waken anyone the rest of the night. I let them all sleep, as I was worried I would hurt them if I woke them. As if it might help to sleep off whatever had been done to anesthetize them.

 In the morning I was so thankful to see the sun shining and the family waking as normal. I did fall asleep a couple of times in the night. I never got warm. I never moved from my prayer spot. I wonder why I never called anyone, a neighbor or police, parents. I think in my shock, I did not expect anyone at all to be awake on the other end of the phone line, or maybe I wanted to leave well enough alone.

  I asked my brother-in- law if he remembered me trying to wake him in the night. He said "yeah, what was that about"? without much interest. He was in a hurry to get on the road. I knocked on doors of neighbors, those I knew and did not know. No one heard or saw a thing. 

 I was disappointed with the reaction of my elder's . I expected the men to do something. They did not really believe me, or just did not take me seriously or did not want to be bothered with nonsense when I explained my experience. Some family members laughed and made jokes. The church had no counsel or interest either. I talked to at least 50 people. I knew nothing of Mufon. In the next 4 months I sold and relocated to a populated area northwest.

  In 1981, I saw a show called "That's Incredible" about the Cash Landrum case and was certain there must be a connection, mainly because of the helicopters. It took me 35 years to report this, as I was asking a young man to report his experience a few days ago. I felt I was making a hypocritical request, as I had never reported mine. What right did I have to guide him to do so? 

 I heard an interview in 2011 that compelled me to share this experience at that time. It brought me one step closer anyway. John Schuessler shared information on the show about the Cash Landrum case. It was the first time I felt my piece of the puzzle in an old case may have value. I felt at that time it may be of no interest to anyone else, but I should at least document it out of respect for Mr. Schuessler's, dedication and compassion in this strange area of life some people have had to deal with. I want to thank Mr. Shuessler and all the dedicated researchers who have spent many years of your life helping the people. God Bless You!
