{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-23 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5122,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5493565.json","updb_database_id":5493565}
{dr}80 ufos in 2 hours

I went on to my deck to record the night sky with my night vision camera system. As soon as I looked up I saw objects flying overhead. They were mostly on a due-north heading, but one flew westward at a low altitude over my position and one stopped directly above. I attempted communication by pointing a laser communicator in its direction. When it saw the laser, it immediately sped off to the west with incredible acceleration. It went from a stop to full speed in about 1 second. That means it pulled more than 90 g's from a stop in the sky! 
A few made course correction changes along the way, but for the most part, all of them were on the exact same path. Since most were on the same northbound heading, they seemed to be en-route to a common destination. They passed overhead in the same location in the sky and were separated by only a few seconds. I'd follow one with my camera, and as soon as it was out of sight and I returned my camera to viewing straight up, another one would come and the process would repeat. At the most frequent, the ones I saw were only 6 seconds apart. On average, they were about 20 seconds apart.
There were a few groups of craft. One group had 3 flying in formation side-by-side-by-side. As that group passed overhead, the one on the right broke formation to go around a slower one the group was passing.
I estimate the altitude of the majority of the craft to be approximately 10,000'. This estimate was reached as the combination of 2 observations. I illuminated one at the end of an IR laser. The laser is 830nm which is not visible to the human eye, but is visible in night vision for several thousand feet. The craft was past the end of the beam (indicating the altitude was more than 50001), but was close enough to be illuminated by it (so they weren1t in orbit). My location is within the controlled airspace of the Oakland County International Airport, and its airspace extends from ground level to 10,000'. I1m guessing they had an altitude of at least 10,0001, otherwise they1d be dodging a lot of civilian aircraft.
They all had approximately the same speed.
I timed one of them and it took approximately 10 seconds to go from directly overhead to 20 degrees above the horizon. If the altitude was a minimum 10,000', the speed calculates out to be approximately 2000 mph, or roughly Mach 3! Other than the occasional nearby passing automobile traffic, I didn't hear any noise or any sonic booms.
Referencing an aeronautical chart, directly south of my location is Wright-Patterson AFB, and directly north is Wurtsmith AFB - which is now closed, but in the middle of 3 active military operations areas: Steelhead MOA, Pike East MOA and Pike West MOA. It seems to follow that a large portion of what I see each night is our black projects heading up to play around over the lake. I'd expect this to be the case with ones flying on a relatively straight path, but the fact that one stopped directly overhead and accelerated at speeds that would instantly kill a pilot leads me to believe one of two things: either they aren't ours, or if they are ours, its technology we took from the ET's.
I realize our military has advanced technology that spawns its share of UFO reports. But, for these to be ours:
1.	They need to generate huge points of gravity outside the craft in order for the occupant to survive the 90+ g accelerations.
2.	The engines are beyond jets and combustion in order to avoid engine noise and exhaust trails.
3.	They need to move through the air without contacting somehow it in order to eliminate the sonic boom
4.	If there is a pilot, for him to see the laser from any angle, the craft would need to be completely transparent to the pilot and have embedded vision enhancements.
5.	If the craft is an unmanned drone, it needs to have enough computational power to be self aware (something we won1t be close to for a long time)
I give the military credit for having more speed and stealth than we are aware of, but those capabilities in a complete package, are hundreds of years away without help from ET.

The full videos are about 15 GB in size, so I'm attaching a short video that contains only a few dozen samples of what I saw.

I don't expect any resolution to this case. I'm presenting it mostly so the people of the world will be more aware of what's happening in the world around them on a daily basis.
