{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-01 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70046","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3001,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5489565.json","updb_database_id":5489565}
{fr}Two witnesses observed bright light very still above radio tower, eventually moved west and up then east and up and gone. Very bright. Non threatening.

I was working at the time 0430 9-1-15 (yesterday). In Fourchon, LA in port Fourchon. A co worker and myself observed a strange light. I work on a boat and am very familiar with helicopters because I fly on them to get to work often as well as satellites, I see them often working offshore, it was none of these, that was discussed between us. So we watched this light, talking about it for nearly thirty minutes before it moved, it moved slightly west and upwards. Then move seemed slow to us but it was a good distance away, probably a mile or more it was very hard to tell. I noticed the light because being a sailor I know the stars and all things in the sky spending much time outside watchkeeping. I alerted the Mate to this. It was well below any star or satellite paths as well as too bright and early for helicopters. A copter does fly by on the video later that morning, you will see it. I immediately thought it was a UFO having seen them before but did try to debunk it and couldn't. After about 40 minutes I went to the wheel house and grabbed some binoculars to see it better. Upon looking through the binocs the object looked triangular instead of round, the light was so bright that it filled the space around it making it look round. Eventually it moved a little more straight up really then back east and up and stopped then moved straight away from us and finally out of view, all of this happened very slowly this took two full hours from when it was seen until it was out of sight. This is the only time I've had a camera with me for a sighting I just hate that it's so small. There is something going on in the gulf of mexico, lately I have been seeing flashes of lights right above the water, hard to describe. I had to cut the video some to get it to send. What I have sent you is 3 videos clipped together and shortened. I have about 7 minutes of video all together on my phone. I am hoping you can zoom in on it somehow and get a closer look. Thanks. the second video is the one clipped together
