{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-19 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5487565.json","updb_database_id":5487565}
{dr}Followed / chased on highway, at times high speeds  Lots of directional changes

Monday October 19 at 4:30 am, my girlfriend and I were heading home from a friends house. We were on a long stretch of highway near a national wildlife reserve so it was very dark and no other traffic or lights from any homes or businesses  We noticed that an object right above the tree line to our left was flying next to us, our speed was 65 headed west. The object would turn all lights out fly ahead and over us (have the video) swoop over the trees down to the highway level close to the back of my suv and start to turn all different colors and lights almost like it was trying to look like a car behind us. This went on for 10 to 15 miles and we would just watch and speed up then slow down just to see how they may be tracking us. About half way through the 45-50 min ride home we noticed that it was two behind us and at one time possibly three.  The movement of all were very quick and rapid constantly changing colors and then shutting off all lights.  As we were getting closer to the town we past two highway street lights blinking red (because of the time of morning) and two caution yellow lights that were blinking ahead of the intersection to warn you to stop for the upcoming traffic light.  When the objects past these lights still behind us they would try to emulate the color and timing of the lights  As we moved away from the intersection we noticed that the two caution yellow blinking lights were getting closer and closer two us. They were obviously trying to blend in and not seem as noticeable.  We saw one fly from the highway over the trees and flew extremely fast ahead of us,  When we made it up the road about two miles I noticed a red blinking light hovering to my left about 40 ft in the air and it was blinking like a cell phone tower about 100 yards away it just monitored us as we drove by.  We were now getting into town where there are houses businesses and lots more light and street lights .  They continued to follow at a slight distance behind but still very noticeable for us to see all there rapid movements and color change.  As we were getting closer to the city and the street lights we noticed that not all but a good portion of the street lights were brighter than we've ever seen them before, so bright that you couldn't hardly look at them We were getting close to home and the same activity around us was still going on we made note of a street lamp very close to home that we passed hundreds of times that was so bright that you couldn't look directly at it.  We didn't want to go home ( I guess we didn't want them to know where we lived or something) so we turned around and headed back in the same direction we came from and we didn't see them again and we also made note that the street lights that were so bright before were now back to normal and some not even on. That was our experience, I'm attaching photos taken from the trip. I couple of the photos I changed the exposure on to see the image better. None of the images were changed or tampered with. The video was to large to load. The last image was supposedly from NASA but the dates match up with mine so....
