{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41551","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4654,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5516565.json","updb_database_id":5516565}
(GS) Observed the same object in 2 different locations (Roswell, GA 1st sighting; ATL, GA 2nd)

The first sighting was from roughly 12am to 4am early this past Sunday morning (August 5). We were in Roswell, GA (my wife and a friend of ours) housesitting for my mother in law when we were outside on the back porch sometime around midnight and noticed a strange object in the sky. At first glance, the object looked a lot like a star, but after watching it for a bit, you could see that it appeared to be rotating and at certain angles, you could see 3 lights which appeared to be in a triangular pattern. At other times, more than 3 lights were apparent and almost appearead to be positioned in a circular pattern. What really caught our attention was when we went inside for roughly 30-45 minutes and came back out and the object had moved a fairly long distance in the sky but was still visible from our same viewing location. The object was now fairly stationary in its new position which, as stated, was a long way away from its original position. Furthermore, its new position was directly above our heads. With time, the object slowly made its way to where it was not directly over us, but in a direction which appeared to be SSW of Roswell. The lights were very bright white and would change in intensity and we would also see red a blue lights flash periodically. The object would also move in a very strange and "controlled" manner,, almost like you would expect a spaceship to move while in space- It would move slowly as it built up momentum and "got going" and then appeared to glide and then would slow down to a new location where it would hover for a while. It seemed to be revolving/rotating in some way because at certain times the space between the lights would be much more clear and in an apparent geometric (triangular) position and at other times, it would look more like one single light and other times it would even appear as if it were a circular ring of lights revolving clockwise in the sky. Another part of this experience that really stood out was the changing of intensity in the lights, and how bright they would get right before it would start to move. The lights would go from very dull and dim at times, to very very bright at others. 



Even stranger, last night (late tuesday, early wed morning) we were at my wife and my apartment (the same 3 people, me my wife and our friend) just north of downtown atlanta off north druid hills rd less than a mile from I-85. We saw what appeared to be the exact same object which in my best unscientific inference, was in the same position in the sky (appearing to be SSW of the city of Atlanta) as the one we had seen a few nights before. With the earlier experience still fresh in our minds, when Victor (our friend) and I were smoking cigarettes on the back porch we saw what at first glance would appear to be a star, but when I looked closer I noticed it appeared to be the exact same object we saw 2 nights previously. I thought this because the lights looked the same, were changing in intensity, and were geometrically positioned in the same trangular pattern they were positioned on the object we saw a couple nights before. We went inside and almost identical to the sighting 2 nights before, when we came back out the object had moved a fairly good distance and was in a different spot but still visible from my porch for a while until it disappeared below the treeline/horizon. The object was moving the same as it appeared to move 2 nights before and we also kept periodically seeing streaks of light shoot through the sky very near where the object was.



What I really found strange was the light positioning, the changing in intensity of the lights, the fact that it was stationary most of the time, but would move in a very controlled manner every once in a while, and most importantly, the fact that it changed positions in the sky over such great distance in such short amounts of time (both times in the short time between going outside to smoked cigarettes).
