{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-05-03 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64903","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8101,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5494565.json","updb_database_id":5494565}
{rjl} I Visited a Blue Angel Crash Site, where I was told by a witness that she filmed the downing, which showed a possible UFO

I traveled from my home to the area near the blue angel crash site on a work assignment. I had been in previous contact with the owner([name removed/cms/rjl],) of the only known video of the actual downing of this aircraft, and was trying to get her to give me an original copy for examination.

When I asked her for a copy, she seemed a bit suspicious, and asked me if I was interested in the UFO, which she had been informed appeared in her video. Apparently she had provided a copy to an investigator who contacted her, not long after the crash, which took place on April 21, 2007. She would not reveal to me who this person who contacted her, was, and she would not give me a copy of the footage. However, she asked me to review it on YouTube, which I did.

I was afraid that she might not give me a copy of the original file, if I said I saw a UFO in the video, so I told her that I thought it could be a bird or a flock of birds. The truth is, I was a little suspicious of what I saw. I later became more suspicious, which it became apparent that the motion didn't see normal, relative to the background and the moving aircraft. It appeared to move in very fast from the right side of the field of view, and then was stationary, disappearing afterwards. I reasoned that only if a bird or flock of birds were flying directly towards or away from the aircraft would I expect this motion. It did not appear to be another aircraft, given that there's no contrail. Could it have been a large cargo plane in the distance? Perhaps, as many take off and land in this facility.
Still, the motion seemed a bit suspect, as did the illumination. I also became interested in the differences in the mirage effect(doubling of the imagery,) due to the motion of the camera. Something could be gleaned from this, regarding the probable distance to this object, also the size of the double, compared to the larger aircraft. I'm not an expert at this but perhaps someone has already studied this in detail to.

I reasoned that whatever the object is, perhaps it moved in front of the pilot, who went down, and that's why he failed to properly tighten his core, or to pull too hard into the curve. I think the pilot may have seen whatever this object was, and was distracted, or tried to avoid hitting it.

I took some photos of the crash site, and while I was there something remarkable happened. I was afraid that I might get run off the site, so I left my car running, while I took photographs of the damage and burned areas, left by the downed aircraft. I hurried back to my car, after perhaps 5 minutes, and found the car locked, with the engine still running. The car is a 2004 Nissan Sentra, and it won't allow you to lock the door from the outside, when you open the door, with the engine running. The mechanism is designed to keep the driver from locking him/herself out of the vehicle, when the engine is still running. There is no way to override this mechanism, and I've experimented with it numerous times since, and had never had this happen in the previous two years of ownership. It's a fool-proof mechanism, or should be. This vehicle does not lock by itself, ever, moving or not. I still own it, and the only way to lock the car while it1s running, is if you have a second keyless entry. 

NOTE: I did not take the keyless entry off of the chain. It remained in the car. I wasn't worried about leaving it running, because both my wife and I had left the keys in it running countless times, while warming it up in the wintertime. IT NEVER LOCKED US OUT!

My brother in law is a master mechanic for Nissan, where I purchased the vehicle, and he said that this should not have happened. He agreed that the mechanism is foolproof, you cannot override it, not by lifting up on the handle when you close the door, either ... nothing will over ride this safety feature, except a second keyless entry.

At first I panicked, because my phone was in the car, and I wasn't near any public phones or places of business. Lucky for me, after a few minutes I recalled having stashed a key in a magnetic box, under the vehicle, and I retrieved the spare key, and was able to save myself a lot of trouble.

While this may seem like a small thing, there is much more to this story than I can or want to detail here. I would only that in person, face to face with one of your investigators.

I'm not a UFO enthusiast. I've never seen a UFO, except in other people's movies. However, I've had personal mystical experiences, which could be considered related to the phenomena.

One thing I will say now is that I was sent to this blue angel crash site by my employer, unofficially. I cannot explain that here.

However, consider this .... In just three years, three of NASA's primary American facilities were directly struck by 3 historic tropical systems. 

Hurricane Katrina - Stennis Space Center 2005 - Historic disaster

Tropical Storm Fay - Cape Canaveral 2008, only single tropical system to ever strike the same state four times in four separate locations. In other words, it made landfall in the same state four times. Fay also sat on top of NASA's runways, spinning, while dropping over 20 inches of rain, over a period of three days. Given this, watching a several day radar animation, you could even say that it appeared to be a target.

Hurricane Ike - Founder of NASA, namesake storm, made a direct landfall on Houston's Mission Control. That's a little weird, in and of itself. What are the odds that a historic storm of that name would do that? Why him, and why there?

No other U.S. military installations have been directly struck like this, in succession, in all of U.S. history that we know of.

Perhaps someone is sending us a message?

I'm attaching some footage, relevant snapshots, from Ms. Richardson film, as well as a scene photo of the crash site, where I experienced the strange vehicle malfunction.

My theory? It's hard to say since I experienced no other phenomena related to the vehicle's performance. All I know is, this phenomena with the car door hasn't happened before or since, and I've owned the car for ten years. In fact, I went out yesterday to see if I could duplicate the malfunction, every way I could, and it would not allow me to lock the door with the vehicle running.

That's it. Please feel free to contact me by email or phone. If you don't get a reply, please call my wife at [Phone number moved to FI section/cms/tg], and ask her to call you back.

I would prefer not to discuss any additional details via phone or email, but only face to face. This is strictly to protect my professional life.

Thanks,

[Name and phone removed/cms/tg]
