{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2640,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5501565.json","updb_database_id":5501565}
{dr}bright light, sharp slow turn, stopped and hovered, moved backwards, took off forward lost as it went past tree line. searched for it, couldnt see it again

Saw a bright light from rt4 as I was nearing my exit. Made a comment to the driver of the car about what was the light from. Neither of us knew what the light was and assumed it was a plan with its landing light on.  As I got off the highway and moved off the exit ramp, I saw the light again and thought it was the plane we talked about earlier. I continued to look at it and noticed something weird, it wasn't moving as fast as I thought it should be and it was very low. It came over my head, about 100 yards above me, I rolled down my window and heard a sound. It sounded like a blow torch. It turned back about 120 degrees on a dime but still moving at a slow speed. It moved about 100 feet and stopped and hovered. It did this for about 15 seconds then turned facing the tree line, it moved backwards about 10 feet or so, then slowly took off forward towards the tree line. it took off slow and gained speed. During this short minute to two minute time frame, the light I was at turned green and I pulled into the gas station across the street and this is pretty much when I saw it go over the tree line. I was not driving and watch this with my window down the whole time. We searched for the object after and couldn't locate it. 

I observed what looked like two engines like a jet, shooting flames out towards the ground as a jet would should out to power itself. These engines were much smaller and much more quite then a jet. 

Some of this might be better told then typed. I have good details on the event. 

What could this have been. Keeping in mind, Quonset airbase is near by, and TF Green airport is also close by.

This event occurred around 12:40-1 AM Sunday morning, 6/29/2014. The time frame is large because it was 1:05 when I got home, I searched for the object after seeing it for a few then drove home. so I think it was probably about 12:50????ish
