{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-14 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106044","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3164,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5455565.json","updb_database_id":5455565}
{tjd} Middle of the day black equal lateral triangle ufo

Black Triangle flying object: March 2015 
In March 2015 my wife and I were hiking and exploring at Devils hole near and in Ash Meadows National Wildlife Management Area. We went there specifically to view the pupfish. I'm a geologist and biologist / naturalist instructor for Dixie State University which makes me very curious so we decided to hike up a Canyon directly east of Devils hole. We parked our black tacoma near the mouth of this canyon and started hiking east up the Canyon. One mile in the walls got higher and the Canyon narrower. We stopped to listen because we both could hear a faint droning humming sound. This was a very unusual noise which we had never experienced before or since. It held us spellbound as the sound was coming down the Canyon towards us, but the Canyon had many bends and curves so we couldn't see what object was generating the noise. Then it came around a tight curve in the Canyon 300 yards in front of us and was a black equal lateral triangle shaped object. It was flying very low staying below the rim of the canyon (100' above the ground) I estimate it was 100 to 120 feet on a side. It saw us and made a 90° turn. As it turned I distinctly observed two inward angled canards on one side of the triangular ufo. The droning humming sound vanished as it shot off north right through a low saddle in the Canyon wall. The lack of noise after it saw us and flashed off to the north leads me to believe it had two sources or kinds of propulsion. I checked google maps and we were approximately between 30 - 40 miles west from Area 51 and area 52. For several years we never told anyone because frankly we didn't believe anyone would believe us. I searched the web frequently looking for similar photos. Finally someone posted a video over Paris France of the exact black triangle ufo we witnessed flying east of devils hole in March of 2015. This sighting was about 2:00 in the afternoon under crystal clear skys with no wind. I'm 99.99999999 % convinced this is United States technology as it appeared to have flown from area 51 and its return flight path was in that same direction. I have read a lot of speculation and comments on whose technology this is on the internet but this sighting to me is empirical data that it is indeed US technology behind this ufo. 
This looked exactly like the ufo object videoed over Paris France except it didn't have the glowing orb light in its center, perhaps because we saw it in the middle of the day on a crystal clear calm day.
