{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-24 20:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480565","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79487","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/565/mufon-5480565.json","updb_database_id":5480565}
What I saw from my balcony where I live on the 7th floor on saturday the 24th. It was triangular in shape and and almost transparent as if you could see the stars through it. you could see red and green lights underneath it. and totally silent as it pass

I was on my balcony where I live when I saw it. I was scaning the sky as I do to watch airplanes go by in the night sky. over montreal there's a lot of air trafic and as I was watching this plane go by I've notice faint lights crossing that plane right underneath it. Its only when it flew at great speed right overhead that I saw what it was or wasn't because what I saw definitely wasn't a plane. It was triangular in shape and look almost transparent either it was black or was in somekind of cloaking mode. there was red and greenish lights around the edges of the craft witch helped me to notice it first and establish its shape because otherwise I woudln't have seen it at all. Even the lights was quite faint but I could see it clearly because my attention zeroed in that thing and my brain was going a thousand mile trying to make sense of it and to sink in as much as i could of the event witch lasted 3 second, maybe four at the most. It might sound like not enough time to see something but believe you me it is more then enough to know this was not normal. And to me the creepiest part of it all is the absence of sounds. it moved in total silence. I was shocked by it and made me uncomfortable like they are stalking us. It disappear in the horizon real quick. It was as fast as a jet fighter. It had no blinking lights like a plane would have. I replayed and replayed my memory of it to try to discredit what i saw but honestly could not. It was a traumatic experience to say the least. when I tried to talk to my brothers and my sisters about it they were all laughing and making jokes about it. I knew then I could not share this experience with nobody and had to keep it to myself, one of the most defining experience in ones life, finding out that there is something or someone out there from another world visiting us and I cant share it. I is a heavy burden and it is taking a toll on me. thank god for MUFON I can at least taking it off my chest to get some relief. I did a composite image on my computer to show approximately what I saw but it give a pretty good idea of what it looked like. If anybody have some answers or better yet seen this thing on the 24th of september around montreal please write to me
