{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-13 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2664,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5292396.json","updb_database_id":5292396}
SEVEN craft flying together at different altitudes- One abruptly switched directions

I have been watching the skies nightly and have reported on two other occasions; once for a fleet of three craft, and one of the starlike objects I see so often. This, however, was the most significant event thus far. At approximately 10:20pm, I was watching the skies as three craft appeared flying south to north all at slightly different elevations. The one on bottom had a rapidly blinking white light. The higher one had a slower and more pulsating white light. A third showed up lower in elevation than the other two. They flew together, a bit staggered in the sky, and then three more came into view. They were spread out across the sky, flying in front of my view of Jupiter & Saturn. The lights were all blinking or pulsating. Suddenly another craft raced in the opposite direction, from north to South, heading straight for one of the northward Flying craft. They appeared to be heading straight for one another and I have definitely never seen aircraft do this before. It flew directly above the northward craft and from my view, you couldn’t even fit an infant’s pinky nail between the two of them. They were almost on top of one another. At that moment one of the craft dove down, leaving a shooting star looking type trail that quickly disappeared. I lost sight of it. The other five craft continued northward and the opposite traveling craft continued south. I’ve never seen anything like this before. They were far too fast to be aircraft. I’ve never seen planes fly directly at one another like this, nor have I seen them abruptly descend or change altitude like this. There was no sound. I checked the flight radar and there was only one plane in the area. I almost wonder if I live under a UFO flight path or something, because I see them almost nightly, just never this many at a time. When planes fly over, it’s ALWAYS one at a time.
