{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-24 22:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56605","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6062,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5502396.json","updb_database_id":5502396}
Multicolored star like objects making worm like movement followed by a few orange/yellow orbs ascenting and circling area

Last night my girlfriend was looking out our bedroom window when she noticed a what she thought was a star that was changing colors. I was in the living room watching tv with my daughter at the time this all started. She called for me to come look at something with an unusual tone in her voice. I came into the room to make sure she was ok. She asked me to look at the object and see if I too noticed the object changing colors. I verified what she was seeing and continued to watch the object for several minutes. It seemed to be hovered NW just above the roof line of the apartment building just NW of our building. At that point my girlfriend went and got a pair of binoculars we just got my daughter for her birthday in April. My girlfriend tried using the binoculars but couldn't get the object in focus. She got frustrated and passed them to me to use. It was at this point things started to get unusual. I watched the object flash different colors, red orange, green, and yellow. From my vantage point I couldn't quite make out the shape of the object but from the color lights it was producing it seemed to be in a diamond pattern. I continued to watch the light flash for several minutes and the object seemed to be hovering in the same location. All of a sudden the object started moving in a worm like pattern. It was glowing red and trails were following it as it moved in the air. I began to feel an overwhelming sense of fear come over me as I realized I just saw something with my own eyes I couldn't explain. I called for my family to stay close to me as I went and grabbed a hunting knife and hatchet I use when we go camping and fishing. I don't own guns so I wanted something to protect my family in case this object came any close to our home. I watched out the window for about a half hour as this object just stayed stationary in the same general location. It moved what seemed like a few inches back and forth every so often but just stayed in that general location. Then a orange/yellow colored orb ascended behind the treeline from the field across the street from our complex. I started really to become scared at this point. My girlfriend said " holy s**t they are here ". My girlfriend has seen these orbs before and tired to explain them to me but I've never seen them with my own eyes. The object hovered around the treeline for about 30 seconds and then moved NW just behind the other apartment building. I watched this same location for next two hours. I saw the orb circle the area of the next couple of hours. As I watch at one point it passed my viewpoint again to the NW behind the building a second one came into sight. I couldn't sleep so I was so afraid. My girlfriend and my daughter both fell asleep in bed. I sat up in bed watching out the window until about 1:30 am when I fell asleep sitting up. I wanted to protect them in case anything came to our home to harm our family. Today I woke up and couldn't stop thinking about what I saw last night. I got ready for the day and my daughter woke up joining me to watch tv in the living room. I needed to go get cigarettes so we took a ride to the 7-11 just past the area where I saw the objects last night. As I drove past I noticed the field has brown areas where the grass looked dead. I continued to the store but felt something wasn't right with the grass in that field. My daughter and i returned home and I wanted to take a walk and check out the field where the saw the objects last night. I noticed the grass as pushed town in areas and it looked like a design was created. I took several pictures of the areas where the grass was unusual. I also took pictures of the area where I saw the object from my vantage point so when I reported this it would make sense. I got home and looked at the pictures, I noticed in the one I took from my vantage point from last night, I captured something flying above the area I didn't notice when I took the picture. I didn't notice the object until I zoomed in near the power lines. I included all the pictures I took for you guys to check out. These were taken from my Samsung galaxy 4 cell phone. Attached file 10 was my vantage point from last night and the same area where I captured the picture of the craft today.
