{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-06-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5002,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5505396.json","updb_database_id":5505396}
{cak} seen an orange colored orb flying over an Air Force Base before or anywhere

Im not exactly certain about the year in which my UFO sighting had occurred, but it was likely 2007 because my daughter was about 9 years old at the time. The one thing I am most certain about however is the exact day and time in which the sighting had occurred because it was the summer solstice--the longest day of the year. The sky was crystal clear outside which made it the perfect night for star gazing. So, in the late evening of June 21st, 2007 at approximately 10:00 PM, I grabbed my telescope and headed just outside the front door of my apartment complex where I was living at the time. My nine year old daughter, even though it was past her bed time, I let tag along with me because just like myself she has always been fascinated with Astronomy.  My daughter headed out the front door first and I followed right behind. I began to set up my telescope on the front lawn of the complex wile my daughter was gazing up in amazement at all the beautiful stars.  Given that there was literally no cloud coverage or the usual smog coverage one would expect at that time of the year the stars were exceptionally visible that night. Suddenly, and excitedly my daughter screamed: "Daddy is that a fire fly in the sky?" At that moment I looked up and noticed an object flying overhead. My mouth about dropped to the ground! I was stunned! I had never seen anything like it before. It was what appeared to be a brightly glowing light-orange colored orb, or sphere, which seemed to be moving at a tremendous speed across the night sky located somewhere between maybe 60 and 80 degrees from the southern facing horizon. Although the object was clearly a great distance away from us, I would have to say that if I had held a Softball up in front of my face, it would be a good approximation of the size required to sufficiently block the flying object from my view. But, what amazed me most all about it was that it did not travel in a straight line like one would expect from a normal jet air craft or air plane passing over head, but rather like a pebble skipping across a pond, or perhaps a jittery insect such as a Fire Fly, etc. passing by. But this was not an insect. Insects usually make a buzzing noise don't they? But the object that I witnessed didn't make any noise at all, and furthermore as far as I know Fire Flies don't exist in California. I had spent nine years of service in the United States Air Force and for part of that time, I was stationed in the mid-western United States. Sure I saw Fire Flies all the time out there in the Mid-west but never have I seen any Fire Flies out here in California. Also during my nine years of military service, I have seen and witnessed almost every type of Air Craft I can imagine, but I have never seen an orange colored orb flying over an Air Force Base before or anywhere for that matter.  The orb continued to fly almost due East toward the Sierra Nevada mountains and I kept my eyes locked on it until I couldn't see it anymore. It must have flown completely over the mountains. Although the entire incident only lasted for about 30 to 60 seconds, it left an indelible impression on me. To this day I still don't know what it was, but I would like to know. Is it possible that what I saw was actually the Space Shuttle still flying in orbit? After all, the Space Shuttle did land at Edwards Air Force Base on June 22nd, only one day after I had witnessed the orange colored orb passing by my home, and that would certainly coincide with the easterly direction of the orange orb I had witnessed. But what of the skipping motion of the orange orb passing by--could atmospheric anomalies make the space shuttle appear as if were skipping across water? And, what of the orange glow, is that what the Space Shuttle looks like when its traveling above our atmosphere, just an orange glow?  And what of the incredible speed that it appeared to be moving. It only took it perhaps 30 plus seconds to cross the entire valley area before it reached the mountains, is that the speed of the space shuttle? And, did the Space Shuttle just by coincidence happen to be crossing near my home in that part of California at 10:00 PM on June 21st 2007?  If the answer to these questions in NO, then I have to consider that what my daughter and I witnessed that night was not of this earth.
