{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-24 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57657","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5379,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5501396.json","updb_database_id":5501396}
{nd} Orange light hovering in the sky at 4:00am in the morning.

On September 24, 2010 I was asleep with my wife and had awakened about 4:00am to use the bathroom. I decided to smoke a cigarette after using the bathroom and proceeded outside to my backyard. As I1m standing in my backyard smoking my cigarette I noticed what appeared to be a single orange light hovering in the sky. I didn1t think anything of it because Cleveland Hopkins Airport is in the direction from which the light was coming; I simply thought it was an airplane. But as the orange light slowly hovered in the direction of my house it changed into multiple lights, still orange in color but illuminating a soft white color from the center of each light. I counted twelve lights hovering along in a horizontal formation; in sync moving as one. And as for how did the formation change occur? Imagine you closing your eyes to blink, just a natural blink like all humans do. But the formation change occurred faster than the blinking eye of a human being. I was visually locked in on this object to say the least.

1The lights continued to move in the direction of my house and soon would be literally passing over it. I1m like wow what can these lights possibly be. As the orange lights traveled closer to my house the formation of the 12 orange lights changed to a circular formation, a ring of lights! 1Again, the formation change occurred faster than the blinking eye of a human being but I wasn1t blinking. The lights didn1t make a sound of any kind, as if they weren1t there. All outside noises that a person would hear, or any sound whatsoever! Period! It was mute. I could hear myself think and that was it. It was as if I and the object were the only two things on this planet. I1m freaking out at this point but at the same time I knew I was witnessing something special. Nevertheless, But just as the lights moved in closer I realized the 12 orange lights are part of what appeared to be the bottom of the object. The top of this object had the appearance of a meteor rock and resembled the night sky. It looked like a floating city. 1It had an odd octagon shape, with 12 orange lights underneath it. The texture of the UFO was transparent, meaning I could see through it and see the night sky simultaneously. 1I1m looking at this thing like for real. This can1t be real! 

As I stare in amazement all of a sudden the UFO makes a subtle transformation and becomes more graphic in detail but it still had resemblance of the night sky. The next thing I know the UFO hovers at a stand-still right as it was moments from passing over my house. I mean it literally stopped! It was if the UFO knew I was watching and wanted me to observe. The size of this thing was at least a half mile long or longer; it was enormous. I started thinking that I got to go in the house and get my camera and take a picture of this. But I didn1t want to move and take a chance of the UFO not being in the sky when I returned. I started screaming for my wife to bring me my camera out of my office. Baby! Baby! Bring me my camera out my office! 

Nevertheless, due to what I was experiencing at that moment I forgot she was sleeping and its 4:00 am in the morning. So, I had to make a decision. I took a real good look at this UFO in its entirety and locked it in my memory forever, than I ran in the house to get my camera. I came back and I couldn1t believe the object was still there. I aimed my camera up towards the sky and located the UFO thru my camera viewfinder. Right before I took a picture I peeked at the UFO one last time with the naked eye. I took the picture and when I took the camera away from my face the UFO was nowhere to be seen. I mean literally gone, nowhere in the sky period. How could something so enormous totally disappear out of the sky from all directions in a matter of two seconds? 

My picture didn1t take properly due to partially dead batteries in my camera. I was very disappointed. During the encounter The UFO didn1t make the slightest sound whatsoever. I mean nothing! Literally! All I heard was pure silence. It was like watching the TV with the mute button on. All details of event occurred in a time span of twenty minutes. The UFO I observed is somewhat like the UFO photo below; UFO photo below was retrieved from the UFO Evidence website.
