{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-02 21:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31462","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3078,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5524396.json","updb_database_id":5524396}
saw 1st light come from west then 2nd appeared approx 1/4 mile beside 1st- 1st one turned south then 2nd  turned to south east til out of sight

I walk my dogs every night before retiring and had one dog tied on her chain while i walked the oldest to the end of our drive way and looked  down the road west toward town.the time was about 9:20 pm cst.
My wife and I have seen the space station go over at times and this time when i looked towards town i saw a bright orange roundish shape coming our way and i thought hmmm i wonder if this could be the space station .there was some cloudiness and not fog but hazy sort of but which you could see stars betwwen smaller clouds.
the orange object kept coming in my direction and i also wondered perhaps maybe the only jet we have here was coming into the local air port.about this instant from the same direction but more over the top of me came a secound orange object over a large willow tree in the yard i would guess maybe 1/4 mile or more abreast of the 1st object but trailing it similar to what i would call a wing man.
I was watching them both when the 1st one turned and started flying to the south almost a straight line away from me and was still glowing bright orange.
The secound one flew almost directly over my head and again i thought maybe they were fighter planes from madison flying a night mission. 
The 1st object was getting dimmer as it got further away from me and then the 2nd one turned what i would say was south east and continued on that course til it also disappeared from view .While the 2nd one was right over head 2 cars went by toward town and i wondered if they were watching this object also but they did not stop but continued down the road.
What really gets me is that there was no sound at all from either object,the color was the same both coming and going away and when the fighters do fly here you can hear them for a very long time.These objects made no sound at all !
i don't have a camera cell phone and don't know what one would have captured if i did have one but this incident has got me.I was in the air force as a photo interpreter in the 1960's and saw lots of things but this one has me stumped and at the same time shaking.
I called the local sheriffs office and told them what i had seen and they hadnt had any other calls .
any one wants to come and chat - i will have you stand where i did and will show you where the objects came from and went to..good luck on this one..thank you.
