{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-26 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30359","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5525396.json","updb_database_id":5525396}
Long object traveled steady speed across sky, west to southeast. Commercial jet banked away from it.

We came out of a program at church at 8:09 pm July 26, 2011. My 9-year-old daughter spotted a bright object in the sky over the building, to our west. We watched it for a minute as we walked to our car. The kids got into the car and I stood watching this object advance towards us, going due east, at a steady speed. The object came into view as a metallic elongated shape, like a stick or a cigar or a rectangle. It was slender. It continued coming directly over us. Size would be approximate, as I extend my arm fully, with my thumb and forefinger separated about 3/8th inch. I kept thinking it would blink like an airplane or would have some identifiable markings but I couldnt make them out like a regular aircraft. We see quite a few aircraft from Milwaukee and Chicago and Minneapolis so were familiar with the flight patterns. This object seemed to sail across the sky, at times glinting in the setting sun, and then we watched it disappear into the east-southeast towards Lake Michigan. 

About halfway through the sighting, directly above us, I was able to discern what looked like two wings out either side, like a double-wing or bi-plane aircraft. But this was bigger than any double-wing aircraft I had ever seen, and higher in sky than they would normally fly. This was confirmed by my 7-year-old son who also saw the craft. I asked him to draw what he saw and he showed a cross-type object, and then said, "But there was another part on top of it that I didn't know how to draw, like another wing." I thought, Aha! Yes, he saw that too.

My two daughters had similar experience. The 9-year-old saw it as a whitish-yellowish rectangular-type object, or rather two ends to the object, with a space in the center. One object held together by something in the center. My 16-year-old saw a rectangular object, two objects flying front to back, with a space in the center where the wings would be if it were an aircraft (only she didn't see wings), and she said both sections were lit up like incandenscent lights (yellowish). My 7-year-old son and I both saw this cross-type object, rectangular, with the two pieces, but we could see faint "wings" on it, like a bi-wing plane. It would be a safe guess to say the object was segmented.

Others who came out of the building at the same time were also looking at this object as it moved. I made my kids get back out of the car to witness this object. At that point, a very large commercial-type jet (Im conjecturing here since Im not an expert in aircraft) appeared just to our southeast. The object continued to sail along in the sky and this jet seemed to bank away from it, to the southeast, like they were pretty close together in the sky. The object appeared to be above the jet but it seemed very close, like the jet was avoiding the larger, slender object. Another mother said, "Thats too close for my comfort," or something to that effect. Thats when I realized there were others watching the object. The jet appeared as if out of nowhere and I was surprised it was so close to the ground, much closer than they usually get. But we have a fly-in locally this week so there may be a good explanation for why it was so close.

We continued watching the long object as it continued east, heading a bit southeast as it went. The jet had suddenly appeared and afterwards, nobody remembers seeing the jet leave the area, just that it appeared almost overhead, making noise, and then it was gone. My 9-year-old daughter said she heard the original object making a humming noise but I don't have the best hearing so I cant discount that. It was pretty high up there. 

We lost sight of the object about 8:13 pm CDT as it continued its steady path east-southeast. There appeared to be a small contrail in the area where we last saw the object.

I was initially not surprised to see an odd object in the sky due to the EAA (Experimental Aircraft Association) fly-in at Oshkosh this week, approximately 25 miles northeast from our location. I thought it was a glider but realized it was too high up to be a glider. Then I thought it could be a satellite, but it was close enough to see: Every satellite Ive ever seen has been a bright dot in the sky at night but not during the day or even the brighter evening light. The cross-shape was interesting but the cross-wings were pretty hard to see and they didn't seem to be there the entire time, if that makes sense. It definitely was no plane. And the jet that showed up all of a sudden and then nobody remembered watching it fly away is troubling too. The long, slender object was not heading in the direction of the fly-in. 

This is a true and accurate account that my 3 children and I saw this evening. In addition, at least three others in the parking lot with us witnessed this object.
