{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-07-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70225","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2964,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5489396.json","updb_database_id":5489396}
{nd} Unknown craft hovered over apartment building

My mother and I shared a second story apartment. The kitchen was located in the back and looked out over the carports in the back. Beyond those carports were more apartment buildings.

I slept in the living room of this one bedroom apartment and could look through the kitchen door to the window. I was sitting on my bed when I became aware that there were flashing white lights reflecting off the second story windows of the far apartments on the other side of the carports. I realized that whatever was flashing those lights was located above the roof of my building. There was no noise.

At first, I was going to look out the window and up, but I became afraid and instead crouched down in front of the sink and tried to hide. In a few moments, the flashing lights were gone, and I then looked out the window. I saw an orb of light, very large and a beautiful sea green color, just floating slowly away, rising to the tree tops and drifting out of sight. This was in the city near the ocean.

The circle of light was contained in that it was solid and couldn't be seen through, but no light escaped it, and it appeared incandescent. It was nothing like I have ever seen before. It floated like a soap bubble but seemed to have a purpose and direction. It was rather like watching a cartoon. I didn't see anything sticking out of it. or any other flashing lights.

I yelled to my mother to look out her bedroom window, but she didn't understand and missed seeing it. The next day, I checked all the local papers searching for mention of anything unusual, but nothing turned up. I told a coworker the next day what I had seen, but she looked at me like I was crazy, and didn't ask any questions about it.

I have remembered this for all these years, as I feel now, being older, I should have looked fully out the window, but at the time I was really afraid. I really think I saw a UFO that night. I remember being absolutely amazed as I watched it leave, but while it was over the roof, I was terrified.

I'll be honest, I was having an argument with my mother, and I have always felt that somehow I attracted the darn thing. Right or wrong, I felt like it had been listening. When we stopped because I began to watch out the window, it left. Needless to say, I showed much more respect to my mother after that!
