{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-01-09 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115980","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2626,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5287396.json","updb_database_id":5287396}
Mother and kids follow triangle ufo around Craig airfield

The year was 1998-99 month not clear. Around 8-9 pm. In Jacksonville fl just around Craig’s airfield. This was before the 295 was completed or 9a at the time. It was just St. John’s bluff rd. 

My mother, sister and myself are in the car. My mom was driving south on St. John’s going towards beach blvd. I was looking out the rear passenger window. And above this church was a cell tower . With 3 red lights. I noticed that they stayed perfectly in view and not slowly moving as we passed it. That’s when I look over and see the real cell tower! And go back to the 3 red lights, I ask my mom, what’s that? She looks and says “ that’s the cell tower. “ I said no, that’s there, so what is that? She then looks to see the cell tower, and is also now confused what the other 3 lights are. She ends up matching it speed, and follows it as it moves across the street over a neighborhood and back to the same rd. She even pulled into a parking lot to watch. Once it made it back to the rd we followed it north . Once we got to the intersection of St. John’s bluff and Atlantic blvd it was over the Craig’s airfield. And it started picking up speed and then instantly shot off NE out of sight. 

It was 20 minutes in all. My observation. Could only see the 3 lights, but I know it was a solid structure because as it moved over the night sky. The star light moved position just a degree or two. Like a straw in a glass of water. And the black of the ship was slightly darker than the night sky itself. And when it took off it looked really.. off, fake, nonsensical. That’s because the 3 red lights did not streak or blur as it shot off. It just moved and got smaller really quick. Years later I seen videos of the same thing on YouTube. ( as in triangle ufo, not the sighting itself ) never seen anything like it since. We never reported it to anyone. It didn’t freak us out. I rarely ask my mom about it just to confirm what I say is what she seen to.
