{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-15 19:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3184,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5459396.json","updb_database_id":5459396}
Star gazing in the Saudi Arabian Desert.. I rarely see stars at night so this was a treat. Wanted to take pictures of Orions belt, but i caught a UFO

Me and 4 others (that want to remain silent on this matter) were deployed to a work site deep in the Desert in Saudi Arabia (oilfield work, I am a Data Acquisition Systems Specialist with a Software development Diploma and several Microsoft Development Certifications).

We were driving down what they call a "skid road" (off road path through the desert, about 6 hours east of Dammam, and about 2 hours north east of Haradh) it is a very dangerous and bumpy road. On the back of the truck we had this very long and heavy hose that was needed for a MPD Job (Managed Pressure Drilling) tied down in the back of a pickup truck. We stopped to check on the hose.

We shut off the truck and killed the lights. It was pitch black, beautiful if you ask me. I looked up into the night sky and noticed i could see Stars (very uncommon especially now, usually there is enough sand in the atmosphere that stars aren't visible only the moon).

I first pulled out a camera we use for taking photos of possible job sites while we do evaluation surveys.. then i pulled out my phone to take some pictures of what I believe to be Orion's belt... and thought nothing of it (NOTE: I have not reviewed the pictures on the work camera as of yet, I do not have it in my possession but will have access to it on the 22nd of July) 

The hose was good then we began out journey. Shortly afterwards.. we took a wrong turn.. and almost hit a well head. We stumbled upon a vacant lease (drilling job site). It wasn't large and square in Nature. We backed up to take the road we thought we entered.. again the area was almost a perfect square.. but yet there was no path (road) behind us.. it took us all 30 minutes to get out "wits" about us and to find the road out of this area and continue to the job site.. we all found it to be very strange.

One day later I was reviewing the picture on my phone and was AMAZED and SHOCK on what I seen.. A UFO coming "down" and making a very sharp turn... It was AMAZING!! I always wanted to witness something of the sort.

The last few days I was contemplating the journey to the job site after the picture was taken... and how confused we were.. this is an assumption but I am assuming something else happened.. maybe contact, information distribution.. not sure. 

Also there was only one good picture on my phone.
