{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-12 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3648,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5497396.json","updb_database_id":5497396}
{nd} Myself and six others saw a red/orange glowing object hover above us, fly and change directions, and ascend at a high rate of speed. We saw the object on three different occasions, within a 20 minute period on the same night.

On 12/12/14, at around 8:30 P.M. Myself, wife, and four other friends were sitting in the backyard smoking cigars. This was at our friend's residence in Galt, Ca. I was facing east when I saw a bright red/orange fireball falling from the atmosphere. At first I thought it was possibly a meteor or a falling satellite entering our atmosphere. I became alarmed because it was close and feared it was going to impact nearby as it was at a low altitude. I alerted my friends and they began watching also. The object came to an abrupt stop north east of our location. It hovered and pulsated an orange and red glow. I estimate it was probably 5 to 10 thousand feet altitude. A commercial jet liner beginning it's landing descent into the Sacramento International Airport flew directly above the object, so it was hovering lower than commercial aircraft. The object began ascending in a north east direction at a high rate of speed until it disappeared. I estimate this entire event lasted 5 minutes. My wife and friend video recorded the object with their IPhone cameras. 

Approximately 20 minutes later the same object reappeared. This time it was lower and came more from the south east. It moved slow and deliberately in a north direction, and began ascending at a high rate of speed until it disappeared. It emitted the same pulsating red/orange glow, and had no sound. The object again was captured on video with IPhones. 

Within 5 minutes the object appeared again in the sky just east of our location. This time it was low, maybe 500 feet altitude. The object was closer this time and moved very slow, stopping in midair at times and hovering. It emitted the same red/orange glow, but because it was closer I could see what appeared to be a cylinder shaped object inside the glow. After less than 5 minutes the object ascended at a high rate of speed until it disappeared. This too was video taped with IPhones.

My friends and I are Law Enforcement and I would consider ourselves trained observers, and very credible. I have a military background and have been around aircraft of all types. This was not an aircraft I have ever seen, nor did it exhibit any typical characteristics of aircraft. We discussed this event over and over and we cannot come up with a logical explanation. One of our friends who was not at this incident suggested it was the Atlas 5 launch. This incident occurred well after the Atlas 5 launch, plus we are way out of the flight path of rocket launches from Vandenberg. I have witnessed rocket launches before. This was not a rocket!! 

When we try to download our three videos to attach with this report it fails saying it is too large. I will gladly supply your investigators with the videos if they would like them and I have no problem being contacted by your organization. 

Thank You.
