{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-07 20:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72269","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2263,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5487396.json","updb_database_id":5487396}
i walked outside my apartment and looked up at the sky and noticed the UFO flying due south.

My girl friend and I were going outaide to our car to go get something to eat and my girlfriend was already at the car when I walked out just in front of our apartment when i looked up ag the aky like i always do and i immediately noticed the object over head and to the west headed due south. I said "oh my god" looked at my girlfriend who was already in the car. She did not get out in enough time to see it. It was so close but the lights were dim and faint but i could tell the object was close. It was triangle in shape with approximately 6 dim white lights in going down each side. The object was too faint to tell if it had a back to it, the lights are what gave it its triangular shape. It was relatively slow moving but fast enough to dissapear behind our apartment. I then ran around the apartment building and yelled at my girlfriend to follow but ny the time i got around i could not see it any longer. Thats what was weird. It was so close but i could tell as it moved it became faint and hard to see quickly although when i initially saw it i had a clear view and line of sight. It was night time, 0 clouds, clear night. It had no flashing or blinking lights. I am an aviation maintenance mechanic and work on aircraft so i know and have plenty of experience identifying aircrafts. It made absolutely no noise at all. And that was the end of it. I did not get video or pictures because i was too in shock and the event was over too quickly for me to react to document it in that way. I clearly and vividly remember the event enough to draw or sketch the object.
