{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-09-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468396","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3898,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/396/mufon-5468396.json","updb_database_id":5468396}
{rjl} Moving object with several blueish lights. Pulled over car and observed for undetermined time

I was driving from a job site around Bodega to my home in Lower Lake. I was on the road directly in front of the schoolhouse which was filmed in the Hitchcock movie "The Birds." This is why I know the exact location. I noticed these blueish lights just above the hilly horizon. I didn't think much of it at first. I drove another quarter mile and the lights seemed strange enough to me that I pulled over to observe because the lights did not appear stationary yet were not moving in a single direction as if an airplane yet were above the horizon enough to appear airborne. I could not determine the true distance from my position as the lights seemed to be changing in pattern, direction, and brightness. They changed from very distinct poinpoints to a hazy blur (possibly due to weather conditions but I couldn't be sure). I remember my main reason for pulling over was that I couldn't determine how close the lights were.
 After observing only a few minutes it became clear that these lights were attached to a dark object. I was never able to determine the exact shape of the object since it simply was something that obscured the sky behind it which was also black/dark. I remember thinking it must be a helicopter as they were not moving as an airplane would. There was no sound at all. As I continued watching I became less and less sure of what this could be. I just knew it was not like anything I had ever witnessed so it held my fascination for quite some time. (maybe 30 min. at most). It seemed very large. I kept hoping it would either dip behind the hilly horizon or in front of it so I could gauge the distance. I remember saying out load numerous times "what IS that?"
 Finally the object made several extremely fast movements left to right and up and down. I remember in the time it took me to say out loud one more time "what the h___ IS that" it was gone. I remained a few minutes more to see if it would return but it did not. I scratched my head figuratively, got back in my car and continued home. I didn't give it much thought other than wondering what it may have been.
 Here is another element which later bewildered me: The drive home was normally about 1.5 hours. I observed the object just after dusk (approx. 6-8 pm). I drove straight home. Upon arrival my wife, who had already gone to bed, asked me what had taken so long. I replied "nothing" then looked at the clock and it was 4am. I again didn't give it much thought and went to bed. At the time I never even mentioned the object and pretty much just forgot about it as I didn't know what it was. 
 Over the years I have often thought about it and just chalked it up to a strange night. I am filing this because it was unidentified, it was flying, and it was an object. That's about it.
 I will also add that I have had numerous nightmares about "aliens" coming in/around my house. I normally don't dream at all, ever, but I have had this type of dream alot (once or twice a year) and it only stands out because as I said I rarely dream at all. I'm sure its nothing and I'm not trying to imply anything. Its probably a common dream subject by many people. 
 Hope this is not a waste of your time. Thank you.
