{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-08-01 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100877","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8271,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5460365.json","updb_database_id":5460365}
{jpg} Myself, my Mom and my Granddaddy saw it. Not first or last time.

This day I was 10 years old. I was in my yard swinging and looked up above a huge pecan tree and saw a craft that was cylinder in shape just sitting there. I thought it may be a plane but as I watched it I noticed it was not moving in any direction but just kept sitting there. 
On our side porch my Mom and Granddaddy were grilling steaks out of view of the craft. I finally called to my Mom to come and look at it. She like most people said ok and waited while talking to my Grandfather. I kept watching it and got a distinct feeling I was also being watched. I became insistent and finally she came and looked. She was immediately panicked and as she watched it different colored lights started pulsating around the craft which had no smoke and no sound. It was like her anxiety was making them react. She screamed for my Grandfather to come quick and he was a level headed pillar of our community and a UFO skeptic. He came over and the lights became faster and as soon as he looked up he had about 30 seconds to watch as this craft took off so fast it was like there then gone. We didn’t see it fly off it was just there then gone. My Grandfather’s reaction made me remember this so well because he was the strongest man I have ever met and he grabbed me up and started running for the house with my Mom behind him. I don’t remember a lot after because he never talked about it again. I can still see the craft from memory but this was just one in a line of events that started before I was born. 
When my Mother and Grandmother were at a family reunion I was told a large disk shaped craft came and hovered over at least 50 people from my Grandmother’s side of the family. My Mother was about 16 years old and she exclaimed how calm the family was. It hovered and left and an older female member of the family said it was a Mother ship and smaller ones come from them. So it sounded like this had been a known phenomenon by this family back to the 1900s.
This was also a point of contention between my Grandfather and Grandmother because he didn’t believe them. 
I was born July 20 1959 so we were of course watching the moon landing on my birthday. My Grandfather was such a skeptic he refused to believe that they were actually on the moon and said it was all faked. This experience scared him and must have made him a believer but he would not talk about it. I wasn’t scared of the craft but it scared him into grabbing me up and running inside the house. That again was what made it so memorable.
My Mom and me lived with my Grandparents and just after this my Grandparents had gone to bed and my Mom and myself were up late watching TV. Again the fear made me remember. All of a sudden the TV cut itself off and it went to the circle old TVs used to do but through the speakers two words came out. It just said Joyce Joyce. I saw the fear in her eyes and I ran all the way to the back of the house to my Grandparents room and jumped in their bed. I woke them up and tried to explain which took 5 minutes plus the time it took for my Grandparents to respond by getting up dressed and in the living room. They thought we were watching a monster movie that scared me so they were not fast going into the living room where the TV was back on and my Mom was gone. 
We searched the house and she was not inside. Finally we went outside and our neighbors were also outside. Joyce was found awhile later outside and remembered her name being called and nothing else. Our neighbors said there was a saucer above our house. Was she abducted? I don’t know. 
When I was about 12 I had a dream but it didn’t seem like a dream because it felt so real. I was taken from my room through a window and I flew over the trees in my neighborhood ( the same neighborhood same house) I was supported in some way but I don’t know how. I just remember seeing the tops of the trees and my neighbors house’s from above. I remember the wind blowing my hair, then I was awake and it was the next day. I told everyone but no one did anything because there was nothing to do. So it was labeled a dream. I think it’s all I remember of a possible abduction. My Mom believed she had been abducted several times when she lost time, but at that time you were not an abductee you were just crazy. She did get labeled crazy by many of the Law family. 
I was watching ancient aliens and I started thinking about ETs possibly altering DNA and that a lot of abducted people are RH negative. I am A positive I think but my biological Dad is RH Negative. He is infamous and I don’t want to get into that but he lived on Calhoun Street which backed right up to our house on Peachtree Street. His IQ was tested several times and it was high. 
Also when my Mom remarried and got pregnant I don’t know a lot about the circumstances except she got sick and they said her body was trying to kill the baby and gave her some type of medicine intravenously. The fear she was going to lose my little Brother was real.
The last time I remember seeing anything was when my cousin and me went to the next town to watch a movie. We were in high school. When we were driving home he said “there is something following us” I looked out from the back windshield and saw a glowing yellowish orange ball about 100 ft above and behind us. It didn’t matter which way we turned it was steadily following us. It followed us all the way home so over 30 minutes. My cousin was terrified. I don’t remember feeling fear when I should have. 
I grew, married and had 5 children. All are exceptional and 2 skipped high school and went straight to college. They married and had children. 
These children are graduating early, playing musical instruments, composing music and have art that is just amazing. Not one but all. Then I thought about something I was joking with my children about and then I realized it may be significant in DNA manipulation. 
Starting with one of my children and almost all of my Grandchildren they are missing adult teeth and all our babies including mine had such a big head that extra images were taken to make sure they didn’t have abnormalities. We were worried at first but 12 Grandchildren later we stopped worrying about the comments of the Drs saying our children had unusually large heads. We were used to it.
That and missing adult teeth I teased my kids it was because Joyce was abducted and their children were hybrids. It was a joke until I have changed my mind watching the conference with all the military and relatively normal people saying this is real. 
I never told my children our family has been monitored by aliens because I never wanted to scare them or sound crazy.
They must have lost interest in us the last real thing I can say may have been another ET was after my brother was killed in a car accident my youngest and the one missing adult teeth said my brother came to her (she was about 8) She said he told her he was OK and for her to look that he can even fly like he always wanted to do and flew around her room. 
I don’t know why I am reporting all this just now. I guess because I will be 60 this year and everyone else has passed away and I don’t want these incidents to die with me because I know they are important. 
I am not looking for any publicity or really anything. If one person reads this and believes me it will be preserved. We moved to Utah and I have not seen anything else since the glowing orb followed me home. Thank you for your time and the work you are doing to make me feel like I am not crazy or making stuff up for attention.
