{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-19 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64077","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4984,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5495365.json","updb_database_id":5495365}
{cak} Extremely fast aircraft with short contrails at 20,000 ft

TO:Morgan Beall, State Director Mufon Florida
I took Rocco for a walk at a usual time during late sunset. As I explained earlier, Carl Paulson explained to me that after the sun sets the rays that are still shining light up into the sky, light up these crafts and they cannot hide from it.

So I intentionally walk every day at this time and look to the west to trap "UFO1 potential activity. 3 years ago I caught a Plasma powered cigar maneuvering right in front of me in the setting sun. 
I reported this to Mufon and Carl Paulson explained its propulsion system and reason for its uncloaking.

Fact: yesterday, March 19, 2015 @ sunset I am reporting two in echelon formation machines traveling from the NW sky toward the SE at 20,0001 these 1aircraft" were in routine echelon formation to each other. 
The one on the right was .25 miles forward and .25 miles to the right of the trailing wingman.

These machines were traveling at approx twice the normal airliner speed and making the very same small contrail signatures the plasma powered cigar I saw 3 years ago did. They were clearly over the northern tip of Sanibel Island and coming over land toward me and in a SE direction.

I immediately surmised they were Experimental USAF pilots on a training mission going towards the Upper Keys. But their speed was incredibly fast for a landing approach.

However, USAF/USN planes do not leave contrails. USAF/USN planes are not allowed to break the sound barrier over land and they were way past that speed. In fact, I waited for the sonic boom after they would've
past my position and heard nothing. 

They made my "strange list" and I stopped in my tracks and studied the sky waiting for them to pass my position.

Fact: these machines did not exhibit any coloration like the orange/yellow plasma colors I have seen on 2 other occasions. The short contrails were white and did appear similar in size and diameter of what I witnessed before on the Plasma powered ET craft reported previously.

Fact: Under tight turns USAF will generate turbulent atmospheric conditions that will appear white. However, these machines were moving in a straight line and much faster than Mach1. 

Fact: these machines were silent. However they were not past my position and the sound trails aircraft. So is this fact fuzzy? Read on please. 

Fact: here1s were it gets more strange, as they crossed over ground OR as they approached a purplish/pink cloud they disappeared contrails and all.
I assumed the setting sun1s rays could no longer light them up and waited for them to come closer to me to get a visual. They were no longer visible at all. Wow.
They were gone. As if the were never there. missing from the sky, no contrails no sound, no physical objects on the trajectory they were traveling in1. nothing. Gone

IF: they made a turn at the speed they were traveling at the pilots would1ve died from extreme G forces. Also, I would've had a better chance to see them with their wingtips up in the arc of the turn. 

Conclusion: I still remain that these machines were USAF because of the common formation flying position. However, I have a nagging suspicion that 20% of 100% surety that they were Extra Terrestrial.
          Reason is because they are unknown and I have no data to determine origin one way or the other. I offer a 20% option to ET is because of the overwhelming statistical data that does not allow common repeated ET sightings. 
          Most sightings are misidentified aircraft, USAF/USN alien reproduction vehicles, atmospheric conditions etc leaving very little room for the 5% unknown potential ET sightings.
          Question: does the military have sonic boom avoidance technology and cloaking capability for high speed aircraft? Answer: very likely military or Black Budget capability exists and American citizens are not in the "need to know" loop.

          I am reluctant to keep reporting these sightings but the number of strange machines in the sky is increasing and undeniable. I am a sober, military trained observer and do not seek any publicity or adulation for any reason whatsoever. 
          In fact I consider this an intrusion in our airspace and wish I did not see these machines at all. These things are real and seem to operating routinely in our skies.
