{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-15 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2339,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5530365.json","updb_database_id":5530365}
Possible UFO hiding in a

I was in the southwest end of Las Vegas heading west on Russell Road at I-215. As I was stopped at a rather long traffic signal, I noticed that there was only one small, normal-looking cumulus cloud in the western sky against the hills of Red Rock Canyon. I don1t know why I kept staring at that cloud, but maybe I was bored. After about 10 seconds of noticing it, the 1cloud1 began to do some truly amazing things that I1ve never seen a cloud do before.

The cloud started out looking rounded and puffy just like a small, normal-looking cumulus cloud. But it suddenly started to slowly elongate itself from left to right until it became a skinny, sausage-shaped cloud (and this was not a windy day.) This change in shape happened over the course of about a minute. Then this sausage-shaped cloud started rapidly collapsing in on itself to form an abnormally round ball-shaped cloud. When it was a perfect white circle, it continued to keep shrinking until it suddenly disappeared. The entire transformation that I saw probably took place over no more than two and a half minutes total. When this cloud disappeared, there was nothing in the air in that direction, and visibility was very good.

By the way, before and after the above-mentioned event, I saw no planes, helicopters, or any kind of objects other than the weird cloud on that bright, sunny afternoon. This was definitely not a vapor trail either.

I was reminded of a remark that a ufologist (whose name I can1t remember right now) said on one of my UFO/government coverup DVDs. He mentioned that if you ever see an otherwise clear daylight sky with only one cloud in it, you can bet that it1s a UFO. After seeing this particular cloud, I think he was right!
