{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-24 22:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3410,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5481365.json","updb_database_id":5481365}
{rjl} I was looking at section of sky for 15 minutes, and noticed a star that looked just a little bigger than a average star. After 15 minutes, it started to move left to right (12 sec), then changed direction slightly upward and slowly vanished (3 sec)

1. I was at my house. It was about 10:20pm EST, and I could not sleep. I saw on the weather app that the sky in my area was labeled 'clear'. I went out on my deck and saw the most clear sky I have seen in a while. Since the view was so clear, I went back inside and grabbed a beer and went back out on the deck. I was staring at this spot of sky for at least 15 minutes and did not see anything out of the ordinary, except the stars. 

2. This object which I thought was just one of the stars in the night sky, began to move slowly from left to right, and that grabbed my attention immediately. 

3. It had the motion of a man-made satellite, because I have seen satellites before in the night sky. But any satellite I saw in the past, was always in motion when I noticed it in the night sky. However the object I saw was stationary for a good 15 minutes before it moved.

4. The object looked like a star, and was in the sky motionless for at least 15 minutes. During that time I thought nothing of it, and just enjoyed the view star-gazing. Then the object began to move, left to right in a line that looked to go with the curvature of the earth. At this point my eyes were locked on the object and immediately I was thinking, is this a satellite? The movement, left to right, was slow but at a constant speed. It moved in a slightly curved line for about 10-12 seconds before the object changed direction. When the object changed direction, it was still in a curved line, but now opposite of the curvature of the earth, but still left to right. If I had to describe the path, I would say a really stretched 'S'. When the object changed direction, the size of the dot slowly got smaller and smaller before disappearing. This took about 2-3 seconds. The speed of the object during this time was constant.

5. My first feelings were super excited! I have always wanted to see a UFO, and I almost could not believe my eyes. When I saw this object I was fixed on it, would not leave the area to get anyone, just kept staring at the object. I was trying to rule out what it could be in my head while watching it in motion. Once it vanished from the night sky, I kept looking at the sky waiting for another sighting. My adrenaline was pumping! I called my friends and some family members almost immediately. 

6. The object changed direction away from the earth and the white dot got smaller and smaller and smaller, until it vanished.
