{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-13 01:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49066","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5509365.json","updb_database_id":5509365}
(GS) 3 blankness like light to force turning right, blanken memory, left video

left Saturday at 4am for east PA to test an alternative health invention on willing recipient, SE of Harrisburg route 72. Great perfect session had dinner and headed back on RT322/22 to converg with I80. nearly at I80 when Dr. Pete calls with big hardware problems so we needed to divert and find a meeting spot which ended up at exit 48 on 76 in pittsburgh. Turning into a long trip and nearly 2am when finally met up at the exit 48 MacDonalds.
We had a perfect but long session, caring some cyrstals for advanced research and our electronics. first strangeness was at the 322 and route 15 i was hit with this blankness on the left and extrem need to turn to the right once going north but easterly toward i80 frank points out the GPS map and we turn around back to the 322 westarly but just before 2 strange men with black glasses and short hair maybe older types in a completely restored 62 dodge van very slowly passed us and looking constantly at us like we were an attraction. a 62 dodge painted blue and white stands out. then we are on I80 and i open my mouth by saying all we needed was to have a cloud ship reveel itself to us! Well Dr. Pete insists on meeting and we divert through Dubois South rt 119. While in town the blankness makes me suddenly turn right into a blacked out part of town but we noticed the GPS wrong area and went around the block to return to the correct intersection and South 119. A very dark and curvy rout with 55mph signs right next to 35mph signs with curves that were much slower with hills and dale wow.. out in the middle of the country with no lights other than that guy who was following much of the time with brights on so i flipped the mirror but the on comming traffic kept their brights on so it was a difficult stress full to see section. The third blankness turn to the right was at maybe 536 / 36 136? east west with no forward road orther than blackness... It was impearitive that i stear right. The intersection was litup with rolled berms that were painted with the florescent white in a stripped pattern so i went right but this time stopped on the right ramps right berm and remember putting the car in park. it seemed only a couple of minutes frank the other inventor checking the GPS and Dr. pete is on the phone wondering where are we? strange how the lights were still behind us and they did not pass.... then.... we think the memory wipe reset / video made and the lights dissappeared happened here. We just seemed to anwser the phone check the GPS and went around the intersection to the South and onward. I worry about the video because the audio sounds like a train which there were 3 trains at the MacDonalds at x48... although to have been taken there you would have seen myself , Dr pete, the 2cars, 5 lanes of traffic and the area was well lit up.at 2am many people came to the drive through passed by us and looked directly at us toward the the trains?? Acouple was making out under the lights next to their car but on the side away from us as well as a person had acar hauling truck come by to service there car. the blankness is like what you see after a camera flash in the face.... nothing! always above and to the left and impossible not to react to. hope you can anaylze the video, trying to send it to john. ... OK i will need to do a follow up on this page as soon as i can find the video again, gees
