{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-08-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97582","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5463365.json","updb_database_id":5463365}
{cak} watching tv at night around 8 or 9 pm my tv shut off by itself. My son who was I think 10 yrs old was in his bedroom. I heard loud strange noises beeping also lights flashing a lot all lit up. I was in my living room and ran to my picture window m

I wasn1t afraid I was elated as I have always been interested about ufos so I made a decision to leave my apartment. Got my son out of bed and walked out the back door to enter the yard where the spaceship still was. Then no recollection of being anywhere except I felt we were in some kind of vacuum that was extremely powerful powerful pulling us up up up. When I awoke I found myself sitting with my son in my lay and we were alone in a HUGE spaceship. I mean bigger than 12 cars pit together with window everywhere. I looked around and purposely said in a loud voice. This is BEAUTIFUL. Then don1t remember anything until one of these aliens brought to me a girl of about three years old. It look exactly like me when I was three but I screamed because half of her body was composed of what kill looked like worms. Yikes at some point we woke up in my apartment and my son and I were sitting across from my living room sofa and I looked at the sofa and didn1t see anyone but just knew the Alain1s were there I knew it. They must be able to read my brain. I just truly felt they knew every single thing I was thinking. Then my tv came on and they showed me what I thought was the distraction of this world. A huge bomb blasting I mean huge. I felt like they were showing me the destruction of the world. This has bothered me for years. I was very excite that I had this experience but difficult to live with people think I am mentally ill they think I am delusional so of course I stopped telling people as I lost friends. I couldn1t make this even up if I tried. There is one more thing. Since this happened to me I have been in many scary situations where I could have died. Have had at least 15 odd things happen to me and I always know something bad is I know I am in immediate danger before anything happens to me. And each episode I could have certainly died if I hadn1t taken action right before this could have happened. For example one morning I went out into my yard and got into my car and turned the motor on and I don1t understand why I decided to turn engine off. Was perplexed for sure but Something told me to shut off engine and get out of car so I did. I don1t know why but something told me to look at my four tires and lo and behold all my tires were loose. Someone loosened the lugs which held tires on. I know I would have died if I had driven the car or whatever. Scary stuff have tons of weird things. Still happening I fell very very protected by someone or something. Ithings keep happing. Always to do with me being in danger. Never was like this I am now 75 and stuff still happens. Sorry so long in the tooth. Sincerely maureen guarino at jaymoe12@comcast.
