{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-08 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90133","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2849,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5470365.json","updb_database_id":5470365}
{jpg} Spotted triangular object with 3 lights in night sky.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
I was driving on Polk Road 74, near Mena, Arkansas, at the Ouachita River Bridge about 8:30 pm, on February 8, 2018, when I sited a large triangular object in the sky at about 1000 feet with 3 yellow lights at each point, about 100 feet wide and 150 feet long.
2. What made you first notice the object? 
I just noticed a bright yellow colored light that I had never seen before in the sky.
3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
I thought the object was a large triangular aircraft, or maybe 3 planes flying in formation, but then I noticed that all 3 lights stayed together when the object moved, and that's when I started to think if was a UFO. 
4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
All I could see was 3 yellow bright lights formed as the points of a triangle. I did not see a craft, but it was the 3 lights that appeared to be on the points of a black object. The object moved extremely fast, best way to describe it is when you're following an airplane, and it disappears behind a cloud, you expect to see the airplane again at an expected location when it reappears from behind a cloud, but this object did not act that way. The object seemed to move more side to side instead of a straight line. I saw it appear 3 times. It appeared, then disappeared, and unlike the airplane, it reappeared where I did not expect to see it. It was like it was moving in 2 directions at once. It was flying more of a southwesterly direction from my location. 
5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
A felt a state of awe. I was driving and tried to follow it. The object seemed to be heading in a southerly direction toward a small community called Board Camp or Nunley where there have been other recent sightings. I called a friend, [name removed/CMS/jpg], who lives there to see if he could see the object. He told me later that he did and would report it.
6. How did you lose sight of the object?
The object just disappeared while I was trying to keep up with it during driving. I drove 5 to 7 miles trying to follow it before I lost sight of it.
