{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3539,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5503365.json","updb_database_id":5503365}
{cak} First noticed at the intersection of Kilbourne and Wadsworth; noticed pulsating orange light;got closer and realized it was hovering stationary above trees

Sometime in late January to early February, I was driving west-bound on Wadsworth Road in Lake County Illinois. I noticed an odd pulsating orange light way ahead of us by what appeared to be the intersection of US Highway 41 and Wadsworth Road. I continued to drive thinking it would move or grow distant, I assumed it was some kind of plane. When I got closer I noticed it wasn't moving at all, I got my boyfriend's attention and he saw it too and we stared in shock at this thing just hovering in the sky. When we finally got up to the intersection of 41 and Wadsworth our belief was confirmed. It was sitting in the sky right above the treetops of the patch of forest diagonally southwest from us across from the Shell gas station on 41 and Wadsworth. It didn't move or project any kind of vapor, smoke, gas, electricity, no current, no sounds, no trails or smells of any kind. We drove past and stared at it. We were in such shock that we didn't think to stop and take pictures. Cars began honking at us so I continued on down Wadsworth to Dilleys and whipped a U-turn while keeping an eye on it in my side mirror. I saw the lights begins to fade, no flash, no sudden noise or abrupt interruption of any kind. None of our electronics were affected but when we headed back and looked for it, it was gone. Vanished without a trace, there were no clues and it was late at night, around 9:30 I'm guessing. It left no trails or anything there was no way to tell what direction it went if it went any direction at all. It was just gone. I will forever regret not taking pictures. The feeling I was left with was unease. My instincts told me that this thing, whatever it was, was unnatural and unexplainable. It was watching that entire area I'm sure of it. I would bet that if the area was investigated meticulously and thoroughly something might be found. I find it hard to believe that no one else saw it though everyone else around us seemed to not see it but I have to believe that someone did. I tried looking for any sightings reported online that might be similar. There is a site called ufohunters.com and there is a small blog with no real membership required where you can log in using your facebook and a girl reported an object in the sky on 173 headed towards 41 with orange-red lights. It is the only description that is even close to mine and she reported seeing it with her boyfriend the previous December in 2013. I have no idea what its purpose was or why it stayed for as long as it did (about five minutes). All I know is that we are definitely not alone and I would like to be able to talk to someone about this to try and either explain it debunk it or have someone tell me I'm not crazy. I am not lying, I swear on my LIFE that this happened. It changed me...forever.
