{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-04 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2815,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5452365.json","updb_database_id":5452365}
~ 7 Stationary Lights (straight slanted line formation) appeared for ~5s, 3x moving pulsations from one light to the other and then and went out.

Strange line of lights appeared in the sky around 9:40pm on June 4th, 2020. It was a straight line formation of about 7 lights, solid, not blinking, slanted at a about 20 degree line angle, high in the sky a bit towards South, up above, at about 55 degree angle (if looking up in the sky, and how I saw it from my location). They were stationary and appeared for about 4-5 seconds. It was an overcast sky and it looked like it was just behind the edge of the overcast clouds. (the lights were therefore at high altitude and just right on the edge inside of that shallow overcast) The lights appeared (or "came on" one by one about half an inch spaced apart, if looking at it relatively from where I was standing, in perfect slanted line. They were not tiny star size or pinpoints, but they had a substantial "orb" size and glow. After they were lit up, the "formation" did sort of Christmas light pulsating moving line pattern, where one light goes out and then it moves to the 2nd as the other one goes out and the precious one lights up, it did about 3 cycles like that and then just went out. You could see the haze of the overcast lit up around it as if like a halo around them. Given the distance and the light size, it would have to be a very big (or long) object. It looked surreal and something like out of a Hollywood movie, as nothing on earth I have seen that looks like that. As I walk all day today, it doesn't fit in my mind.

I took a picture of the sky and the angle at which I've seen at and used PHOTOSHOP to RECREATE/DRAW the lights last night as closely as they appeared. I tried to show in the 3rd light the moving pattern of the lights going out a bit and moving from right to left. Back in the day I used to be interested in UFOs and have seen many pictures etc and a lot of the reports are usually mistaken objects, but this did not look "man made" as to say, it actually looked like CGI of big UFO craft light that you see in movies....
