{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-30 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120073","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2498,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5283365.json","updb_database_id":5283365}
I saw a bright pulsating red light in the sky. With a smaller faint white object to its right.

I had just returned from work and as i was getting out my car, i saw a large pulsating red light low on the horizon. As i walked up the street i noticed there was a fainter white object to its right. I took my phone out and filmed the two objects for about 47seconds( the larger object appeared white in the video footage, but was break light red to the naked eye). I walked up the street and around the street corner to try and get a better view but lost site of the objects. I returned home and drove in the direction of the sighting, tried to reach higher ground to see if i could spot the lights again, but did not. On returning home, half an hour later, i ventured into my back yard and noticed two very low bright red lights static in the sky , roughly in the same area of my earlier sighting. They looked simliar to aircraft warning lights you have on pillars or a high mast. I thought intially they might be from the nearby Aldersley leisure stadium as they have bright flood lights( i realised later the lights were in wrong postion to be from the stadium). I got my binoculars and saw the lights were not attached to any mast or pylon. Then to my surprise the larger red object descended at some speed and moved to my left behind trees and rooftops, the second object just seemed to blink out. I really wish i had filmed that or taken a picture as it all happened so quick and i thought the the lights in my back yard were identifyable, until they moved,!!!...i was like WOW!. I spent the next hour and a half checking to see if they returned but no luck. I hope someone else saw them and got good footage.
