{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-07 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72302","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4012,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5487365.json","updb_database_id":5487365}
{nd} Two lights interacting, one point source, other parabolic with undefined edges, two lights in cones meeting and interacting.

At about 6:45 pm my buddy and I saw lights to the left of Highway 80 last night while driving towards Auburn CA. We were coming from Nevada. It was well above Auburn, but I am not sure of exactly where we were, certainly above Colfax.

What was observed was definitely over the hills.

It was much more intense and strange than the one reported in San Diego but occurred at about the same time. The one reported in San Diego looks like the upper point light source.

It started as a single extremely intense point light source where the emitted light turned into a cone then in maybe ten or twenty seconds later another more diffused light source formed below it, at maybe a 30 degree or so angle to the left.

When forming the cone from the upper light, the light seemed to move slowly outward, taking a few seconds. It didn't just turn on like a flashlight light.

Then the two light cones met in about the middle, the one from the point source, and the one from the diffused lower light source, met in the middle between them. The two light cones were well defined and seemed to be confined into cones. The upper light looked like a high flying point of light, almost like a search light while the lower originally looked like it was coming from the ground or above the ground. I first thought it must be coming from ground level but later realized it was coming from above ground, in what seemed like empty space. The lower light source was more diffused, not a single point source, but like a soft parabolic shape with the opening pointing towards the point source above it. There was no light pointing in any other direction, just confined to a parabola. Hard to describe since I have nothing to relate to. It was directed towards the upper light.

The thing is that the light beams were confined and as the upper point of light moved away, the light where the two cones of light interacted seemed to stay as a diffused light source in a mist. It was like a glowing cloud of light that slowly diminished as the upper light source moved away while still giving off a directed light that almost looked like a search light, but not quite, pointing down at maybe a 20 degree angle from vertical.

After the interaction between the two light sources, during which time the point source was stationary, the upper point source moved from left to right over the freeway, at quite a distance, and continued going until it disappeared into the distance, taking a couple of minutes.

The light seemed to be controlled and where it should have diffused, it was contained in a defined shape and got narrower rather than wider in a parabola.

Where the upper and lower light cones connected, there was what looked like a toroid of light, not just the two lights hitting one another, but like they were interacting in some way and the toroidal light seemed to emit even more light. It was like the two cones of light hit one another and interacted in what would probably be a circle if it was observed from either light source. It just seemed to interact at the edges of the cones, but not in the area of the formed toroid. It was just the edges that interacted.

We pulled over and there was another gentleman who also saw it. Didn't get his name and just talked about reporting it.
