{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-25 18:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512365","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/365/mufon-5512365.json","updb_database_id":5512365}
Very fast-moving, closely-spaced lights above the clouds.

NOTE: MENUS DO NOT INCLUDE US VIRGIN ISLANDS FOR LOCATION. I ENTERED ALABAMA BUT THAT IS NOT CORRECT. USE ZIP 00820 TO LOCATE SIGHTING. TIME IS IN ATLANTIC STANDARD TIME, AST (UTC-4).

Looking up to the southeast in the early evening while the sky was still light, I noticed a small fast-moving object well above the cloud tops, which extended to 7500 feet, with clear blue sky above. I could not see a surface, but the 3 or 4 lights and their sizes indicated a cylindrical object, pointed at the front. The bright lights were in this configuration: small bright whitish-yellow light at the front (direction of travel), then a larger bright green light, then a dark space, and last a whitish-yellow light. Though I could not see a surface or object, the lights were very closely-spaced and moved together. I thought it was a plane at first, but the lights were too bright for navigation lights on an aircraft and did not conform to the usual arrangement. I see high-flying jets all the time and have never seen this bright a display from an aircraft before.
I first saw it moving E to W, south of the zenith and about 651 altitude in the ESE. It moved at a constant rate, very fast. Im an Iridium flare and satellite watcher and Ive only seen this kind of speed from very low-flying military jets whose structure was completely visible, accompanied by lots of jet noise. This UFO was totally silent, well above the cloud tops and moving in a straight line and what appeared to be a constant altitude to the west. Ive never seen anything move this fast at altitude. It did not pulse or strobe, left no trail, made no sound, and was lost to view when it was obscured by the cloud tops.
If it was low (under 10,000), it was about the size of a jumbo jet fuselage & silent; if it was much higher it was quite big and moving way too fast for a plane.
