{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-03 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520943","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35454","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3750,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/943/mufon-5520943.json","updb_database_id":5520943}
Large object, multiple lights, triangular shape, changed direction and descended/ascended multiple times; hovered; slow speed then rapid acceleration.

On Friday February 3, 2012 beginning at approximately 7:45 pm EST, my wife and I were driving home from dining out, travelling west on US Route 33 from Elkins, WV past Buckhannon, WV to Interstate 79. At approximately 8:00pm EST we first observed unusual lights in the sky to the south of US 33. This would have occurred in eastern Randolph County or western Upshur County. We both observed these lights for approximately the next 25 minutes. It was a single flying object that moved at varying rates of speed, in varying directions and at varying elevations, and briefly stayed fixed at one location before accelerating away. However, the objects general flight path was from the SE toward the NW. At times the object appeared to be approx a mile to the south of US 33, then several miles to the south, and occassionally a little to the north of US 33. The object appeared to vary in altitude, generally from approx 500 ft to 2,000 ft above ground, until it began climbing to maybe a mile or more in altitude at the end of the time that we could observe the object.

The object was unusual for two reasons: 1. its varying flight path, as described above; 2. the odd variety and geometric shape of lights on the object.

The object had three distinct types/shapes of lights that stayed fixed in relationship to each other on the flying object:
1. A single very bright continuous light (or perhaps two lights close together) near the "top" or uppermost portion of the object. This light was a very bright white to yellow-white color, and did not blink nor flash.
2. A large continuous string of lights, approximately but not exactly, triangular in shape. These lights were also quite bright, but not as bright as the light listed in 1. above. This triangular shape of lights appeared to be very large, easily 200 to 300 ft in each direction of the triangle. This triangle shape was always pointing toward the ground, and always appeared lower to the ground than the light described in 1. above. These lights were a blue-white color, and did not blink nor flash.
3. Two continuous strings of lights in straight lines that appeared to be approx 100 to 200 ft in length, that seemed to angle out of the center of the object. These lights were by far the dimmest, and were only visible when we were at our closest point to the object - approx one-half to one mile away from it. These lights were a bright green color, and did not blink nor flash.

We lost sight of the object, at approx 8:25pm EST, because it accelerated rapidly away toward the NW and climbed in elevation. I estimate the object flew over I79 at about 8:20pm EST, somewhere around or just north of Exit 99, heading NW at a rapid speed and climbing.

Neither I nor my wife has ever seen anything like this flying object, nor have we ever seen an object before that we would definitely classify as a UFO. I have two engineering degrees and manage a technical consulting firm. My wife has an accounting degree and works in banking.
