{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468943","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3618,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/943/mufon-5468943.json","updb_database_id":5468943}
{rjl} Traveling highway at night. Witnessed 3 amber orbs in triangle formation flying low and slow and silent

Traveling south on highway 318, from Ely heading twards Lasvegas. Before (north of) the "narrows" which is just before the town of Hiko; i noticed a light in the sky, i wasnt driving my buddy was. So i said to him "look someone is on top of that mountain" to which he looked and studied it and replied "what mountain?" So then i re-scan the pitch black sky and realize hes right, there is no mountain there, so as we keep on headed down the highway at 75mph, i notice the 1 light was now 3, 3 amber orbs in triangle formation. So i tell my buddy, "look dude now there is 3 lights!" He replies "no shit, what is that?" we contine down the highway. When the first light was noticed it was southeast of us, we are driving south. (So object is east side of the highway) 
Eventually we came to be close to this thing, i would estimate it to be the size of 1 football field. And not very high in the sky. As we got closer and closer. We decided to pull off the highway and investigate, luckily we had all our hunting gear with us. So we had 2 pairs of swarovski (high-end) binoculars and a spotting scope. We sat in the complete silence and observed this thing for about 15 20 mins. A few cars pass by during the time but its a realitivaly dead highway. I was suprised that the orbs or craft was moving very slow, and doing so silently. Apon using the binos to get a closer look i realized its 3 amber colored orbs. I say amber but really i couldnt describe the color, amber is the closest i can get, but its not just a solid light, it appears that some sort of liquid or gas is swirling in the orb. In the middle of the 3 orbs. Nothing, pitch black, couldnt see any stars past it or any actual structure of it. It began to drift away from the highway, or viseversa, as it stayed traveling in a relitivly straight line(SE), the highway curved west, we watched it go at about 5mph, untill it was kinda far away. We tried taking photographs initially, but all we had for a camera was our phones. And the in the pictures it just looked like stars. Lots of stars visible from northern Nevada. And the pictures didnt turn out. So we spent the rest of the time staring at it through binoculars. Was about 20 minutes the thing traveld maybe a mile in that time, and we decided to get back on the highway and make up for our lost time. It seemed to dissapear behind the mountains east of the highway as we continued down the highway. I usually dont tell many people this story, but i happend to catch a peice of a documentary a friend had on at his house last week called "pheonox lights" and the documentary stated in like 1997 or somtime in the 90's over 10,000 people in arizona witnessed the same sorta thing but with 5 lights in triangle form. I was born in 96, i had never heard of this until last week!. It motivated me to share the story and hope it collectivly helps us understand this phenomenon
