{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-18 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526943","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":12140,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/943/mufon-5526943.json","updb_database_id":5526943}
various appearances nightly for 21 months (began 6-19-2009)

I feel badly waiting this long to remember to come tell you about this. I got a lot of flak and was ignored at the beginning of this but have had enough people witness these craft that I understand it is not necessary that it conform to anyone else's belief system. After I figured that out life just kept rolling along and I lost track of telling someone who might believe somnething without a photo.

The first New Mexico appearance of one of these craft was in May of 2007, when I lived in Las Cruces. I have seen things here and there in the years before this happened but will tell you about those occuring here.

One night I was looking toward a very vivid sunset and saw a small golden orb north of the sun where it was setting. I got my neighbor and her daughter to come to look as it appeared to be a comet coming straight at the earth. I wondered why we weren't hearing about something like that on the news. I went in that evening, not waiting until the end of sunset to see what would become of the object. I never did think to stay out but that proved to be okay as it happened. 

The orb was there again the next afternoon, obviously a little bigger and I got the neighbors again. They again witnessed the craft and went back in. I watched for a while and went back in. 

That craft appeared there for six afternoons in total, a little bigger each day. On the sixth day it moved to the south until it was due west of me and still substantial in appearance. It then began to recede into the distance and I watched until it was a very, very long way away where it made a series of three movement. First it zipped to the left and up a little way. Then it zipped to the right and up, very near to above the point where it began the series. The third move was to the left and up again, this time very, very rapidly moving into the distance and out of sight. 

Soon after that I moved to Deming, 60 miles west of Las Cruces. That summer I saw two craft but thought they were satellites at the time. 

Then on October 11, 2008 I went out to give a neighbor's dog a treat. The dog took the treat but kept his eyes looking up past my head. It took me a minute or so before I finally got up and turned around enough to see exactly where the dog was looking. Just north and west of where I was, visible over a row of pine trees next to my yard, a craft was hovering. It had a large light lit, in appearance like a LED but casting no light. As soon as I looked at the craft the large light which was pointed down at me moved smoothly and quickly up to the front of the craft and the craft began to move in a south southwesterly direction. I stood watching it, noting the lights around it and the very dimly lit red lights that appeared to be in a random pattern nearly covering the bottom of the craft. It flew behind a group of fruit trees which blocked my further view of it while I stood, repeating, "There's no strobe... there's no strobe..." I was so stunned I didn't think to walk past the trees to see where it went. 

One week later, as I was walking the mile and a half across the desert east of me to get to the truck stop to see some friends, the same craft appeared just south of me a ways and at about the same altitude as the first time I saw it. The large light on the craft did the same movement from pointed toward me to facing forward on the north facing side of the craft. It then began to move in the same south southwesterly direction as it had the week before only this time I was able to see it go off into the far distance where it did the same series of movements as the one near Las Cruces had in 2007-to theleft, to the right, and gone! 

Though I was often outside watching the sky after that, I saw nothing unusual. Then on June 16th, 2009, while looking east when the sun was beginning to go down, a large light very high in the sky just a bit due east of me caught my eye. I looked up thinking at first, "What star is that," then immediately was thinking it was too bright for a star and had to be a planet when I got sight of it. Jupiter was in the sky then, close to the east horizon so I knew it wasn't Jupiter. When I looked at it, the craft nearly immediately began to shrink until it was a very tiny light which moved south for a second before shrinking out of sight. 

On the 20th the same craft flashed in the sky just north of me as I lay watching the sky just outside the trailer where I live. A friend I'd told about the first sighting told me to be certain to wave. That afternoon, about sunset again, I remembered to wave. Just after I did the craft did that single flash. 

Following that a number of sightings began, nearly all of which I have recorded in a notebook. Early on I missed writing about a few of them, I was so uncertain of what I was seeing that I didn't commit to recording the sighting. That's really okay for me, personally, as I remember each one but just don't know the exact date. I could tell you about each one still in good detail.  

Since that time I have seen them more than four thousand times. The number of craft I see varies. There have been nights when I didn't see anything, though the skies were clouded over on those occasions. I have seen them on cloudy evenings. Sometimes they would appear in a break in the clouds and, in the early days, those were the occasions when they would be low and/or close. I write them down each evening after I see them. On a clear night, I've seen as few as one (though not but a rare occasion just one) and as many as twenty-two. I also go out in the morning as often as I can do it (much more often now than in the winter, that's for sure!) as I see them fly in the morning when I'm out there. Since these sightings started I have only missed three days in a row one time (just too cold) and only missed two days in a row twice (sick with the flu). I'm out every night, all year, if I can be.  

There was a period I wasn't writing them down each time as I went up the mountains near here where it's much darker than where I am, though it's certainly dark enough here to see a lot.  Up to that time I'd recored 2399 sightings. Up at Spring Canyon, in the Florida mountains near here, I saw very, very tiny flashes that proved to me that the tiny flashes I often saw, and which I thought my mind was inventing somehow, were flashes from who I now call 'my friends.' After two months I started writing them down again as there seemed to be fewer of them to write about when I wasn't writing each one down.  

Sometimes the flashes are very bright and sometimes very dim and between the brightest one and the dimmest one has been just about every different brightness and intensity in between. 

When they fly over-which is many, many of them-they range from very bright to very, very tiny. I am thankfully able to see them when they are very nearly not even there. On some occasions I thought I was seeing the atmosphere they were displacing around them rather than the craft itself. In almost all those cases they made themselves visible enough that I could be certain there was something there. On the rarest occasion I'm left to ponder but that is part of the beauty of this, it is never the same from one time to the next.

Sometimes they light up just briefly when they're flying and sometimes they light up and go dark again in a stationary position. Some light up and dim down across the sky, some light up and dim down and add flashes and some are lit and have flashes. The variety is lots of fun.

Often I see the same craft again! I know a number of them by what they do and how they do it. I have named them F (for friend) 1, F2, F3, F5, F7, 9 ,11, and 15. There are more than that I see more than one time but I stopped naming them because I might see them tonight and not seem them again for a while. Some fly for days and days in succession then not again for a long time. I consider it my duty to be the observer though I do sometimes miss seeing a particular craft fly by and, often enough, it soon does fly by again. 

I have watched UFO Hunters and Ancient Aliens until I know the whole show I'm seeing again and did send an email to UFO hunters (which soon was cancelled) and to one of the people who often appears on Ancient Aliens. Since SETI is fairly close I wrote them but got their standard response indicating that my experience is impossible because all creation is limited to SETI's best guess of what's possible. I have come to believe that SETI's "Wow" message was the pilots of these craft pretty much thumbing their noses at them. 

I have had some information from casual conversation that others have seen the show in the sky here. Thank goodness! I often wondered if anyone ever looked up! And some of the opposition I've encountered has been because I say these craft are flying for me. But they are. If I go thirty miles east to a parking area on I-10 at the 111 mile marker, they fly there. If I go 30 miles west to the closest west bound rest area, they fly there. Both those places are in locations far from area lights (the parking area has no lights) so the view is good there. I have other experiences that were certainly for me-daytime sightings and two times evidence they were on the ground-so that I no longer try hard to convince people to come watch with me. I ask them to come here because I see them all so I can show them, too. Sometimes I'll be looking the wrong way and a very small craft will flash a tiny flash just big enough to catch my eye so that I don't miss it. 

My feeling is they're some nice beings. I speak to them often because I'm sure they can hear me. There have been many instances when there can be no doubt they read my thoughts. There was a period when I would look at a point in the sky and be absolutely certain I had just seen the very tail end of a light going off. I called those 'illusions' and saw them until I was finally able to grasp that they didn't just know where I was looking, they knew where I would look next. 

I call them 'guys' and refer to each one as 'him' when writing about a craft. Unfortunately they've chosen to let me see them and I'm not smart enough to figure out what it means. It may be possible no one could understand that. The possiblities are fun to consider though I'm always aware that my thinking isn't binding on anybody.

Hopefully you'll be able to understand the enormity that strikes me when I think of all these things going on here. I hope someone will be exicited enough to want to see this. I haven't met anyone here who is interested enough to continue watching with me. I think seven people have seen some evidence though none seemed to be too impressed. I can't see how anyone would fail to want to see this as often as possible but here it's difficult to get people to even consider it true. 

If anyone-a UFO investigator or someone just passing by-wants to see what I'm seeing, they are welcome to stop by. It is a much better bet to call me as I rarely come to the Library to use their computers. My laptop and camera were stolen in October and with those went all my pictures of the treats they left for me on the ground and I'm very sorry about that. Except that I became aware that I was spending way more time online than I ever wanted to since the dawn of the computer age, I'd replace the computer. 

I would answer questions if it were possible, if MUFON can tell me how to work that out.
