{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-01 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460026","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101374","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4379,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/026/mufon-5460026.json","updb_database_id":5460026}
{rjl} Entity tried to call me down but was met with resistance , then I woke up back on the ground in the presence of FBI agents who then fought with me

Woke up to a silver cylindrical drone beckoning me from my sleep on the couch, then walked outside where I met an fun agent snooping around . Proceeded to fight with agents for trespassing, then a black helicopter showed up and hovered over me until I opened fire with a disarmed agents sidearm. Helicopter then flies away when I spotted the drone . The drone was aware of me and at the vocal request of the agent, a blue beam then lit up all around me and I got severely I'll and physically felt in fire. This lasted approx. 2 minutes. Then I managed to get up and run into a field where I was then met by another agent in full camo. I then fought with and disarmed the agent made my way back to the other agents at gunpoint. Still confused about why they refused to acknowledge the drone, I then raised the rifle I had taken from the camo agent and fired a single round at the drone which then crashed into neighbors property and exploded. The neighbor then became hostile and walked over to myself and the agents where his dog attacked the agents and was shot dead. Suddenly I noticed the clouds separating where I could then make out a craft which became very visibly clear. Something was then used in the neighbor to block his memory which started working instantly. At this point the craft moved over into the feild, just above the ground and then several military personnel and a single unknown entity met me instantaneously. Still unsure how I was moving because I felt paralysed against my will. The agents were responding to the drone cleanup while the entity and two military personnel shuttled me onboard the craft. I was then communicating telepathically and verbally with these three. I was assured everything would be ok and then suddenly released from whatever was making me feel paralysed. I took the very first moment to swing a punch which did connect with and injured said entity.Gray alien with reptile eyes. Suddenly I woke up next to the agents car where he was laughing. I jumped up to attack him and then saw my wife and two girls in the porch where another agent was pointing a gun at my family telling me to drop my weapon. I then realized I had the agent by throat and his own weapon to his head. I told them to release my family and take me or we all did here and now. The agent with me then promised that if I ever spoke about this they would return and Erase us all.I then asked if he was going to erase my memory like my neighbor and he smiled and said yes. The next thing I know I'm walking up the driveway and back in the house where I fell asleep and didn't remember anything for a year or so. Then it slowly started coming back to me up until now I couldn't remember details, just foggy dreams I thought. Then ³ days ago I remembered almost everything. I contacted the Fun and they say there's no record of them being here. My wife and kids still don't remember if believe me. Heartbreaking but also in thankful they cant, because it terrified me.It's ruining my life cuz I can't talk to anyone about it. It is very real and Did happen. It's scary to think but they might try to kill me when I upload the videos. One video lasts 34 minutes and does show the drone crash and the agents and the use of D.E.W. My life is at stake but this must be stopped. They must be aloud to get away with this. Please help me identify the agents in the footage because I will be dealing with 3 of them personally. So now I'm prepared for the next phase. They here my story, then return to silence me... But I've found some allies of my own. We each have particular skills, and we are waiting. See you soon.
