{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490026","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69574","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2689,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/026/mufon-5490026.json","updb_database_id":5490026}
{rjl} these were 6 to 10 star like lights miles in the sky that were shooting back,forth,up,down and dancing around each other

I had dropped my girlfriend (my now wife of 25 yrs) at her mom and dad's house (witch is in the woods)after one of our first dates,We were standing on the for the porch just talking and getting to know each other better we then noticed so star like lights moving around in the sky,they were all at the same time but in different directions moving up,down,left,right but we're in a cluster in the same direction but moving in different directions. When we first saw the objects we knew that they could be nothing else but ful's we looked at them and looked each other and immediately knew nothing like this was from this planet(they were to far away and moving like nothing in this world). After watching them for at least fifteen minutes or so we said to each other that this was so weird and that nobody would ever believe us, so at that time we made a packed never to tell anyone or discuss it again. So we watched them doing the same thing for another fifteen twenty minutes when we decided it was getting late and we left each other, they were still there when we left. We never really discussed it again but this secret I believe helped the trust in our relationship. Now this is the weird part years later after we had our first child(about 10 12 yrs)in a different location we were walking into an applebee's restaurant, while walking through the parking lot we saw the same exact thing this time there were a few more witnesses. This time I knew more about ufo's and abductions so as fast as they were moving and the distance they were covering I was scared, it just felt like they could be in front of us so fast I had a weird feeling like we could be abducted. I don't know what that felling was so we stopped watching and went in to the restaurant. We never so this again, i could show the exact places and directions they still are there. I have never seen this on any tv shows,magazines or books.I would love to know what they were or any thing about them.
