{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-08-27 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282026","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121445","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5306,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/026/mufon-5282026.json","updb_database_id":5282026}
-Information Only- Son and friend

During the time period, we were residing in the northeast quadrant of Amarillo, TX, and on the particular evening, I was relaxing and watching T.V. in the home, and during the dusk-period, my son and his neighborhood best friend suddenly stampeded breathlessly into the house. They began excitedly trying to get me to accompany them back outdoors, with claims of a huge, black, triangular aircraft with lights had been spotted hovering in the air above a large cow-pasture area to the general NE, before it "spotted" them, and "chased" them to the residence (was more like "stalked"). By the time I exited the residence out onto the front porch/deck, to examine the area of sky indicated by the children as the object's last known location, I could not detect any object. After proceeding down off of the front porch/deck and walking farther into the yard away from the house, I did a 360 degree visual scan/sweep of all area skies over the low rooftops of the housing area, also with negative results. Still concerned about the reported silent nature of something in relative close proximity, described as huge and able to hover/pivot/move/descend, upon reentering the residence, I sat each child down at opposite ends of the dining table, provided each with pen/pencil and paper, and had them attempt to draw a sketch of what they had observed. My son's friend started first, but quickly became frustrated at his own sketching inability, passing it on to my son for his version/rendering. My son took his time, and rendered a triangular-shaped object with bright, glowing, whitish lights at each apex point, and a triangular "grid pattern" of smaller, dimmer, individual lights of the same coloration arranged upon what was perceived as its underside. The object was described as "huge", wider across than the wingspans of commercial airliners, was flattish in its side-profile, was black/dark in its body coloration seen between/around/supporting the various lighting, and was completely silent. When first noticed, the object was at a range of approx. 1/4-1/3 mile distance, was hovering at approx. 3,000' altitude, with one of its apex points positioned southward. It was reported, that after casually, curiously observing the object for a period, they saw it slowly pivot-in-place, pointing its formerly southward apex point in their direction to its SW, and begin to slowly proceed in their direction, while also slowly lowering in altitude. Upon observing this, the children reported thinking that the object had "noticed" them staring, pivoted in their direction, and started after them. Realizing that the object appeared to be headed towards their location/direction, both children began to energetically run away from it, headed to seek refuge inside of the residence, with occasional, rearward glances to track the object's progress. Reported that the object appeared to have dropped down to approx. 2,000' altitude, and that when they began to run westward in their flight pathway towards the residence, the object made a slight apex turn to westward also, and seemed to slightly increase its speed. Both reported that as they rounded a corner-turn at the northern end of the housing area lane/drive, now running southward, the object was observed to speed up a little more, while itself still headed westward, until shortly after the children were into their southward running, where it was observed to come to a halt and resume hovering, at a position a ways to the north of the housing area lane/drive they were fleeing southward upon. Reported that immediately upon coming to a halt and resuming hovering, the object was observed to again pivot in place, more rapidly that its original pivot, bring its leading apex point southward, in the direction of the fleeing children. The object remained in the position/location thereafter, and through the children's clambering stampede into the residence. Both children reported thinking that the northward positioned object was "watching/staring" at them as they ran away, and that "they" probably thought the whole thing was "funny/hilarious". After collecting up and recording pertinent information/sketches, I later escorted my son's neighborhood friend back to his own residence on the opposite side of the housing area, taking note of the various report-related directions/locations, and gave brief explanation/caution to the child's single-parent mother. Sketches/map available.
