{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-09-20 20:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549026","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/026/mufon-5549026.json","updb_database_id":5549026}
Saw object to my right in sky just appeared out of nowhere lights underneath glowing rotating a low rumble sound as vessel went overhead toward NW

My mom Ruth & I were both in shock after I called out to her in the next room to come see what I heard as a low rumble noise of a ship or a triangled shaped vessel that appeared out out the south east. Was what seemed like it came out of a wormhole cause it's appearance was so sudden, hard a big swooshing sound at first one moment there was nothing then there it was in the evening sky clear as day. This ship slowly moved forward northwest towards the Arkansas river, Oklahoma border in the evening sky. The vessel was very visible at a approximate altitude of no more than 400 yards up this ship was huge about 2 city blocks wide or more. It was like it came out of a wormhole cause right before it was there I heard a big swoosh sound or something as I stood on the porch and looked up over my right shoulder. Wow there it was I called out to my mom in the next room and at age 70 she was as much in shock as I was eek!..I freaked at first. Oh my God I said to her there it is mom, as I told my family several times I had I had seen strange vessels cruising the skies. I hurriedly walked out to the street corner for a clearer view as it went over my head towards the NorthWest. As it went out of my view the evening sky suddenly went from light evening to almost dusk, and it felt very eerie as the night went to a lighter shade dusk lighter than the left top photo sample. I have tried not to tell too many people about this even family, but I feel I must speak out via the web to try to bring light to this event. This has really traumatized me in many ways as I hardly sleep nowadays, and yes I watch the skies most nights as I listen to coast. Let me just tell you my life has completely changed after viewing this event, I also have had two other encounters with alien visitations, and it had taken me years just to recall those events. What I always knew existed in my heart has become so very real to me not only in the visual sighting of this ship or vessel.

Let me just say I was got very excited I left my elderly mother standing there as I ran from the porch to the corner of N 8th and Q Street, then I stood there in awe under the street light as it went over my head, and yes I was very afraid at first but for some reason I had to get a closer look at the event. Something else very unusual occurred to me several days later this sighting, I began to itch profusely on my skin, and did not know why I began to itch, and just did not pay much attention to it at first but as several weeks went by it got worse. Maybe, possibly I was exposed to some kind of radiation or something I'm not sure what an I hope not, however; I'm still feeling the effect of this exposure from this event. I not one to embellish any report at all, and I did send a report about this to Art Bell at CoasttoCoastam featuring Mr. George Noory. I've received no response from coast to date Feb.07, but note a few days later another strange thing happen to my computer hard drive when I tried to boot up to windows, I simply could not boot it up. I later found out my hard drive had been completely erased by something or someone, and all e-mail's has been deleted as well from the mail on my mail server at at&t online services not long after I reported the sighting. A web address about the 2005 sighting: http://personalized-pc.com/agent/ufo_vessel_sighting_over_fort_smith_arkansas_sept2005.html

thank you for your help, James
