{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-03 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495026","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64427","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3069,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/026/mufon-5495026.json","updb_database_id":5495026}
{dr}Bright glossy red orb appeared, path with directional change, dimmed and vanished mid-flight.

My brother and I walked to the beach in Siesta Key FL from our room at the Jamaican Royal at about 9:45pm on 4/3/15. I started observing the sky once we arrived and I saw what I believe to be an airplane NW of my location. The plane looked very far away. It was below Orion's Belt but above the horizon line. This is not the object in question. 

I was almost constantly staring at the sky/stars since we arrived, when at about 10:01pm I suddenly noticed to the left of the airplane that a bright red glowing ball of light was just suddenly there in the sky. If I had a ruler in my hand at arms length it would have been about a foot away from the airplane and to the left of it, at the same elevation. I did not witness it enter my field of view by crossing the horizon line or anything else; there was no red light in the sky, then I look left, and when I look to my right again it was suddenly there. It did not have any flashing lights on it, it was rather a single ball of red glowing light that once I noticed it seemed to be moving down the coast line NW to SE at a brisk-to-moderate pace through the sky. As for its elevation in the sky, it was also above the horizon line but below Orion's Belt.

The object was at first moving in a straight line and I thought it was some odd airplane that I had never seen before; one that only had on one bright light. About halfway through my sighting it began a very slow and gradual slope upwards, although kept to its general direction of movement.

I started thinking to myself, that I have never witnessed quite such a light in the sky before; I have worked at two airport's in times past. I said to my self, "If it disappears suddenly, only then do I know I have never seen anything like this before." About 15 seconds after completing that thought, the objects light started to pulsate slightly and dim until it just vanished in the middle of the sky. The time from which it began to dim/pulsate to when it vanished was about 10 seconds. The entire duration from when I first noticed the object till it vanished was about one min 45 seconds. I find it odd that the object never made a sound as it seemed to come closer to us. The entire event was eerily silent. 

Once the object vanished I knew I was looking at something I had never seen before in person and it is my interpretation that the ball of light was a UFO.
