{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-14 03:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522026","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5555,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/026/mufon-5522026.json","updb_database_id":5522026}
Wyoming recent sighting December 2011

I check the database for recent sightings in my state of Wyoming just to see if there are any sightings that were similar to mine in October of 2010. The recent sighting that was reported in Wyoming just today (12/16 0r 17) sounds very similar to mine which I have reported through MUFON before.
 I happened to step outside for a cigarette on October 14th of 2010 if I can remember about 330ish am, when I noticed a star like light flickering to the north of town. I used to live in an apartment building across the street of the Cole shopping center Safeway, which it was across the parking lot, nrth of town that I noticed this star like object. From my view point and location it appeared to be in the area of where the water tower north of Cheyenne is. I kept my eyes paced because it would rapidly change colors from green to red, white, purple, blue back to green, at a rapid pace, sort of how some stars in the galaxy do so at certain elevations from the suns reflection. The thing that threw me off a bit was the fact that it looked like a star, but too bright for where it was located, which from my perception was right outside of town. It was just too bright and too close to be a "star." As I watched the beautiful show of color change happen, I took notice to movement of this star. Throughout the Safeway parking lot are light post. It was set up slightly to the left of one of them from my location. As I observed, this star like object appeared to slowly move to the right, right behind the light post and stopped. It was very odd, but I didn't want to rule it out as a "UFO" since it had star like features. As I moved over to the right so I could see it it my view again, it then moved over to the left very slowly, right behind the light post again. At this point I was pretty creeped out, thinking that this was something other than a star because you don't see a star move left to right, right to left at slow speeds. To reassure myself that I was seeing what I was, I moved back over to the left for this "star" to be back in my view. Next thing you know, it moves again over to the right, right behind the light post again! It was off in the distance but I strongly felt that whatever I spotted knew that I had it locked on. I couldnt believe what was going on, so I ran inside to get another witness (my girlfriend) just to reassure that I wasnt just seeing things like some sort of lunatic! I woke her out of bed and had her come outside to view this occurrence. As we stepped outside I pointed it out and it was stationary, sitting dead still like a star would. She sort of got upset at the fact that I dragged her out of bed to see a "star" but as I told her to keep watching, probably about a minute or so later, this "star" started moving again, slowly towards the right and slightly upwards (eastern direction.) She took notice right away at the fact that it went from dead still to moving towards the east at a somewhat faster rate of speed than I saw it move earlier. She then stated "It looks like its moving towards the right..." and no sooner as she finished that sentence, this light stopped dead still again, rose, and disappeared as if it "beamed" out. I felt like falling over from being highly overwhelmed at what I just saw and she became highly uncomfortable as if something was watching us. I didn't want to have that feeling at the time I witnessed it before I brought her into the picture but I in fact in the back of my mind felt like this "star" knew that I was watching it. I couldnt believe what I had seen, and as we went back into the our apartment, I was pretty uneasy and just in shock at what had just happened. I had seen strange occurrences before that, but nothing as in the flesh as that, and to this day almost every single day that pops up in my mind, therefore anytime I step outside, I tend to gaze to the sky, day or night to see if I witness anything as spectacular and unexplainable as we did that early morning. 
As I stated before, I can relate to this recent sighting made in this month (December 2011) because I in fact feel that these star like/lights know that you are watching and that no matter how far away you are, etc... itll do whatever it can to "blend" in as a star or some sort of man made aircraft and once somebody actually takes notice, that is when you notice its evasiveness. 
 I also want to state that I was contacted by Wyomings MUFON investigator through an email, and as I replied to the email that I received, which I believe was back in January or February, I never received a reply back about this occurrence. I have had within this past year and a half, about 3 or 4 other occurrences happen, all that I have reported on. All I can say is, keep your eyes peeled at the sky and don't be afraid to speak up about anything odd that you see but know how to decipher something that is man made opposed to unidentifiable.
