{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-03 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120190","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6077,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5283250.json","updb_database_id":5283250}
UAPS all summer every clear night for 2 years with numerous varied laser/light interactions..less active in colder months and ongoing to this day

I first saw a star-like object traveling north to south a couple summers ago, silently, very high in the sky--no blinking. I had never seen anything like this and I have been looking up at the stars many nights of the year for over 40 years. I didn't think much of it at first--thought it might be a satellite not knowing at the time that satellites don't orbit north to south. I saw another minutes later traveling from the NW in a SSW direction in the same fashion. I saw another coming from another direct but heading basically south. I live with my parents in our family home and spoke of them to my father who suggested they may be satellites since they had no blinking or sound like a plane and since having traveled so high from horizon to horizon it couldn't be any kind of conventional drone. I thought, at the time, that that was a reasonable explanation but still seemed odd since there were three so close in time-span. Since that first night, I have seen anywhere from 1 to 30 of these in as few as 1 minute to 1 hours time on at least 90% of the clear summer nights over the past two years. On 6 occasions over the past two summers, on six separate nights, one of these has flown directly over me at a significantly lower altitude, seemingly below cloud level and completely silent (we live in quiet country)--and my father was present during the last visit. These looked extremely bright and perhaps ethereal and 6-8 feet in diameter. One was intense blue-white light (my father saw) and the others a super warm white-yellow-orange. Not long after my first sighting, two summers ago, I started documenting things until I got tired of it. I would flash my lighter in threes and spirals and the light would pulsate back very bright in threes--some would pulsate and disappear--some would do nothing--some brighten and stay that way. I bought a powerful laser and lead them in their unwavering straight-line direction and the response would vary just the same but there would be more fading out and 'disappearing'. I think these may be ethereal objects if I had to guess or perhaps silent drones that make absolutely no sound which suggests they may incorporate a technology not produced by 'we' here on earth. On one particular evening in July of 2020, I witnessed one after another of these appear from the same position relatively, nearly directly over me, and head West. Every 5-10 seconds one would appear and head West after the one before it. I witnessed and counted this repeat and stopped at twenty while another 6 or so appeared and went west after i stopped counting. I have seen similar/same starlight entities filmed and featured on a couple tv ufo shows. I have seem them when I was camping in Colorado also--every night for five nights. I enjoy interacting with them--especially when they mimic my laser and pulsate very bright. The six low altitude visits I was only able to watch in awe, jaw-dropped. I typically only use a lighter anymore to signal/interact with them. My father has also seen a couple dozen or so nights where there are the more typical high altitude ones. I have one possible theory as to what they may be if they are ethereal, based on a description of ethereal beings called the Luminaries, found in the Book of Enoch. Enoch wrote of ethereal beings who record everything, who travel their course in their seasons. These seemingly ethereal beings are definitely way more active from later spring until mid-September. I see more, more often, in a shorter duration in the warmer months. I have experienced two other types of strange phenomena in our skies but I have posted what is most prominent in presence, frequency, and contact/interaction. I would gladly share more. I had a contact when I was a toddler in a basement laundryroom with two short grey physical entitiies. I had completely forgot this experience until the memory revealed itself a year ago and it was like it happened yesterday in my mind. Until I saw these starlights, and then the military f-18 videos, I believed the idea of aliens or intelligent life beyond humans was an abomination. I am convinced now that there is so much we don't understand. Tech that is beyond our dreams. A mastery of physics that is mystifying. Who can even guess what they may be able to manipulate on a spiritual level. I have immersed myself in the UAP/extra-terrestrial 'field' for over two years and have seen/heard evidence reported in all forms. I have read about many of the ancient creation stories from the ancient sumerian tablets, the maya, inca, aztecs, Dogon, Inuit, Chinese, Japanese, Hawaiin, egyptian, Native American, etc. and have seen the pertinent evidence that supports these stories and where it all overlaps--whether it be geological, artifactual, biblical, verbal tradition, even cosmic in the case of the Dogon. Please contact me if you wish to discuss any of my experiences further at [phone number moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc]. I do not know much about your work at MUFON, but I believe your intentions are good and may be part of a plan, and I thank you for whatever hard work and resources you have dedicated to this important study, which is great, I am sure. I also hope something in my report may have contributed in some small way to your research. Let me know if I can be of any help, please.
