{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-07-13 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68321","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8264,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5491250.json","updb_database_id":5491250}
{rjl} Found alien in my bed and pushed it away.

I was 6 years old (now 19) and I shared a room with my parents.It was very hot and humid in the summer in Boston and my parents left the window slightly open. Since it was so muggy, muggies than I was used to since this was our first summer in Boston, I could not sleep and I was fussing in bed. I believe my parents had fallen asleep since they don't remember this incident. I remember feeling more fussy than usual and the lights of the city outside our apartment in the 3rd or 4th floor were bothering me so I kept trying to get under my bedsheets without letting them heat me up (but on top of it as a kid I had a phobia of not being covered by anything in the night so I was still under my bedsheets. For some reason I remember that the wrinkles in my bedsheets combined with the lighting and my imagination looked like angry faces so I turned away from them and towards the closet. Between my bed and the closet there was a walk space (about 3 feet wide, the floor was light wood). As I turned and opened my eyes I noticed a figure under the covers- my head my under the covers and as the covers settled there was something else under them but far enough for some of the covers to settle between us obscuring my vision. Immediately I moved the covers (they were pink and the lights outside as I remember them were strong enough to shine through and allow me to see this body, so now as I'm retelling the story I wonder if the sheets distorted the color of the body). When I created enough space under the covers to see the figure I noticed the following things: 
1. I was not particularly panicked which is strange since alien stories freaked me out as a kid. In fact for the time that I observed it (a few seconds before I reacted) it all felt very natural, even less shocking than if I had found my mom next to me, just startling and unexpected.
2. The creature had skin but it seemed moist the way a human's does when sweaty from a harsh fever but on top of it cold, very muggy maybe even mucousy. It was a bit wrinkly around the face/head.
3. It was moving in a way that reminds me of shivery breathing but I don't remember a nose or whether or not but was actually breathing the way we do. So I felt as though it were experiencing something like cold sweat fever chills.
4. It's eyes were closed and the eyelids were very large, wide set, wrinkly. I could tell the eyes must portrube a bit from its forehead.
5.The shape of the face and head was kinda cat like if cats did not have fur. Particularly because it got larger and wider toward the top, and I could dimly see two folds of skin at either side that were tucked wrinkled against the main head structure. I describe them to myself to look like car ears if they had no cartilagous structure, were not perky and were set further to the front of the head. I'm not even entirely sure if it had a nose or mouth because I could see the skin had a different fold around those areas but I could not distinguish if there was actually any openings.
6. The creatures body was very thin and insubstantial, he must have been around the same size as me (4 feet?), it looked bipedal but I didnt really see anything below its (waist?).
7. Arms were limp and folded in front of it, it had digits that looked thin and long but I don't remember how many, just that they were also folded at the wrist and curled.
8.The skin color was light grayish-greenish, and shiny again as if it was very sweaty.
9.I knew it was alive but had a sense its health was not well, it seemed barely aware of me if aware at all, almost as if it was passing out or extremely exhausted.
10. It was not wearing any clothes of any sort.

Continuing the story after this recognition, which only happened within a few seconds however adrenaline must have kicked in because my heart was beggining to beat faster as I was realizing how unusual it was, and yet in my memory everything seemed to slow down. After that moment, I reacted by pushing my arms out in front of me and flat against his very narrow chest. I heard a thump on the ground proper to something organic hitting the ground (not a solid thump like when a phone falls nor a squishy one like when food falls, it sounded like a moistened body). I felt as though telling my parents would be too much trouble or as if telling them would not comfort me in any way, I just accepted what happened and thought that it was such an indescribable and unusual thing that I would always be alone with it. I know that after this I quickly turned around toward the window again, however I cannot imagine that I could have slept immediately- I've always been one to lie awake recounting and analyzing thoughts, especially from something this eventful.I have no recollection of falling asleep or anything. The next thing I am able to recall is that I woke up later than usual and everyone including parents and brother were up. This was strange because they would normally wake me up to begin the day with me, it was a Sunday. When I got up I went to look at where I had heard the body fall and noticed a (estimating 2 feet long, half a foot wide) moist pring on the floor similar to the one a person might leave if they had sweat on a shiny floor. I touched it and it was muggy and cool. I went to wash my hands and don't remember any textures... I just avoided the "thump" spot after that. I asked my mom if someone had spilt something but when she said no I simply did not want to bring up the subject. I did not expect anyone to validate my experience for what it was and I put it off from my mind. I remember and have written the experience down periodically so the details do not become obscured. But the ones I have written here come to mind clearly without having to look back at things I wrote as a kid. Since then when the conversation of weird childhood experiences comes up with my social circles I have retold this experience,but my parents only seem to remember me telling them this a FEW times. My dad and I both remember that once we really went in depth with the experience while eating pizza at a Costoco's and they asked me to draw the alien on a napkin. I don't have that napkin in my possesion. I have only written down details that I feel confident I remember and left out any ones that are too hazy or that I'm not certain of. In my life after this experience I have had other very very hazy memories that I could not be sure of as real or not. I just have the feeling that was not the only time I had an interaction with a non human intelligent being. None of these feel negative. I have another slightly clear memory when I was 15, but I will not report it because I'm not sure it wasn't a dream- but after it I had a weird skin reaction that I still get sometimes, and things in my room felt misplaced. At that point in my life I had been a vivid dreamer for some time. So I feel as though it is all too inconclusive to report as a certain and solid memory. Anyway, I am finally reporting this experience so the details do not get fuzzier, and because I finally felt more trusting of MUFON.Thank you so much for taking this experience, I am very interested in that it serves a positive role in the purpose of understanding these phenomena. I am willing to be contacted and interviewed, asled to redraw my imopression of it (since I dont have one at the time to submit) but only at my permission and if it is clear no negative repercussions may come of it. I appreciate this truth-seeking purpose very much. I would also be very interested to know how this report is used and if I can access any media that utilizes it.
