{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-06 01:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64194","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3858,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5495250.json","updb_database_id":5495250}
Witnessed a UFO in backyard, also appeared to stalk me. Video Evidence attached.

I was in the house when I had the urge to look outside and I saw two red flashing lights and a vague outline of a craft. I grabbed my girlfriends ipad2 and began to film it. At first it was virtually soundless, I filmed for almost a minute and it wasn't flashing red anymore, it actually had a bright white light and seemed to flash a yellowish/red light (must see video), and then disappear or shut off. I waited about 20 seconds for it to reappear, and then shut off the camera, and thought I hope it comes back. About 30 seconds later I saw it again about 50 feet from where it shut off, at this point it started to come towards the neighbors house and kind of sat there for a few seconds above their house and watched me with just the white light on, bright like the moon. At this point at around 15 seconds of the August 2014 2 video you can see the object defy regular flying capabilities, almost like a pendulum swinging it defies gravity (seemed like anti gravity). It hovered above the neighbors house for 30 seconds or so and then over my girlfriends house and eventually over my head. I tried to flash the back house light at it, and when I did the loud noise started, it sounded like humming, a sewing machine and then a helicopter and finally a jet from the distance. The strange thing is up until now at only 25 feet away at the most (probably less) there had been no sound. So after I flashed the lights at the craft, the red flashing lights started again, this time with the white light on too, it hung over my head about 25 feet up for about 10 seconds and then slowly went to the left of me and over the garage. At this point it really started moving weird and erratic as the video shows. It also sequentially flashed the red lights back and forth for about 30 seconds or so, I felt it was communicating with me. Anyway it was one of the weirdest encounter's I have had, besides the entity and landed craft visual my girlfriend and I witnessed at a lake in Sudbury Ontario in Augast 2012 (also submitted to MUFON). I felt I lost at least an hour of time, as it was about 1 A.m. when I went outside and it was 2:40 A.M. when I came back in. Must watch video closely at 53 seconds as it is over my head you hear a loud noise, almost unexplainable and the camera shakes and and I say UGH, which was strange cause I don't remember that part at all. I feel something else happened but I only have the video evidence and my memory to go by. Please watch carefully and if you slow down the video or zoom in, you can make out the craft's shape. I thought it was disc shaped but it may have been more sphere like. Also if you watch closely near the middle of the video, you can see the lights seem to move and change color from the same bulb or light, very strange indeed. Attached is the second video I took and a close up zoomed picture cropped from the video, will save the first video for proof, as I don't want to use too much of your storage, the second video is the best one.
