{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-04-15 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31629","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3281,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5524250.json","updb_database_id":5524250}
Walking toward dormitory and heard comotion coming from dorm windows. I turned around and observed a cluster of glowing orbs hovering over the football stadium.

I was a student at the University of Maryland and was walking back to my dormitory, Easton Hall, after working at the Library. The Library closed at 10:00 p.m., so I estimate the time to be between 10:15 and 10:30. As I entered the dorm complex quadrangle between Denton Hall and Elkton Hall and continued to walk toward Easton Hall I began to hear a commotion coming from some of the open windows in Easton. The voices were excited about something and guys were pointing at something up in the air above my head. I first looked up and saw nothing. I then turned around and immediately saw a cluster of bluish-white orbs hovering in a geometic formation over the enclosed end of Byrd Stadium. I had a clear view between Elkton Hall and Denton Hall since I had just entered the complex quadrangle. 
 The main grouping of orbs remained stationary, but from time to time a single orb would move out and away from the group, stop and hover there for briefly and then swiftly return to its place in the formation. Then another orb would move out in another direction and hover briefly then return to its position just as the previous one had done. This activity continued for approximately 60 to 90 seconds. Then the entire formation suddenly took off and moved swiftly and silently off to my left over the trees in the direction of the Cambridge dorm complex. 
I was understandably shaken and excited. I ran the rest of the way back to my dorm floor, which was below grade on the front side of the building and had no windows facing in that direction. I told my friends what I had seen and, of course, they laughed and accused me of having been out drinking and had a lot of fun at my expense. 
The next day there were articles in both the campus newspaper, The Diamondback, and the Washington Post about the sightings reported by dozens of people and said Andrews Air Force Base had scrambled a few jets to investigate the incident. A few days later the papers printed a followup article saying that the source of the sightings had been "Swamp Gas".
 Unfortunately the articles, which I had saved, were lost in the months following the incident and I've not been able to track down the evidence or pinpoint the time frame when it occurred. The event date I entered above is just a wild guess. Any assistance you could give me in tracking down some documentation of this incident would be greatly appreciated. 

                Thank you,
               (name and phone number moved to FI Field) CMS 09/08/11 07:12 fgl
