{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-30 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5515250.json","updb_database_id":5515250}
{dr}First noticed very fast flashing of one object, then later noticed a second object in the video

I was on my sun deck around 1am on Sunday, September 30th 2012 talking on the phone. While lounging back, my head against the back of the chair, being very still (listening to someone speak on the phone), I gazed up into the sky and focused on what I thought was a plane with its lights shining in my general direction. I realized this was not a plane, as it was wobbling up and down, right and left, and emanating some sort of what seemed like energy, or particles. Imagine holding your finger across the end of a water hose; the water fans out in a fashion which looks very similar to what I witnessed. As soon as I realized that I was looking at something incredibly shocking, I told the person who I was speaking to on the phone about it. He lives about 30 minutes southwest of me. He went outside to try and observe what I was seeing, and as soon as he went out to his back yard, he immediately noticed a massive halo around the moon. I checked Twitter, and apparently a lot of people also saw the halo, as it was seemingly a "ice halo" around the moon. It was massive, but didn't seem paranormal in any way. Shortly after directing my attention to the halo, I went back and looked at the UFO. The person I was speaking to also saw the UFO, and began to describe it to me just as I saw it. Shortly there after, he began to feel sick, "like vertigo." He was clearly distraught, as was I. After looking away for a period of time, and the back, we noticed it began to fade slightly over a few minutes. It then disappeared completely, and coincidentally, at the exact same time (with a few seconds), the moon/ice halo disappeared completely, as well. To me, this was very odd.. as I don't exactly believe in most coincidences. 

Around an hour later, still discussing the event, I noticed a very fast strobe-light like flashing near a cell tower east of my vantage point. This was a totally different light, flashing through many different colors. I took a video of this (see attached), and watched as it slowly, then very fast, rose to a hight around three times that of the original height at which I noticed it, and off to the left of where I originally saw it by what had to have been miles; around 15-20 degrees difference from when I first noticed it. Later reviewing the video (after sending it to a friend), I noticed a second object to the top right of the stroke-like light that was wobbling like the first UFO that I was, described above, which was emanating the energy, or particles. I lost sight of the strobe-like light as it faded away after about 35-40 minutes. All three lights appeared to be roughly the same size.
