{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-02 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116126","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5287250.json","updb_database_id":5287250}
Four football shaped bright lights

A friend and I were sitting in back yard watching the stars. About 10pm we saw a very large unusually bright shooting star. It had a long tail and flames that wrapped around the front of it. We both commented on how unusual it was. This made us watch for more. In about 20 minutes i looked up into the sky to the southeast of were I was sitting and saw what I thought was another! I pointed and said there is one and as fast as I said that Three more showed up. I yelled " there is a bunch". They looked like they where going to collide! Just as I thought they would collide they went into a tight bright loop around each other for a split second then one shot out towards the NW. Followed by another and another and finally a little slower than the others, another. The lead one seemed to maintain a steady course while the others maneuvered up down and sideways, with the fourth one seeming to have more trouble than the others to keep up, until they were in a straight line across the NW sky. I lost sight of them at that time but my friend, who was at a better angle to see the northwest sky said they just took off, were gone! When they were in a tight ball there seemed to be what i can best describe as sparks that were emitted. There were not a lot of sparks. And again after they broke to the NW the fourth object seemed to emit a few sparks as it caught up with the others. They were as bright as headlights and shaped like the profile of a squashed football or an eye. There was sliver in the middle that was darker. From my perspective they looked as wide as a passenger plane is long. I estimate they were somewhere between 6000 and 8000 ft. I base that on cloud ceiling reports I could find on the net. Just after they disappeared there was a plane that passed to the south heading east at high altitude. There was only sparse scattered clouds at the time. Mostly clear.
