{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-11 01:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101045","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5460250.json","updb_database_id":5460250}
{cak} UFO sighting. Object moving west to east directly above me!

I was feeding my horses, as I was passing my nieces window I was talking to her., I heard a clicking sound and looked up at the apex of the house and noticed an old motion detector was clicking on and off, but there was no lights in it at the time so I went a little closer to see if it was the actual motion sensor clicking. No sooner than I did that a REALLY bright light flashed like a light bulb, it was in the corner of my eye but I continued to stare at where the light originated from. Then boom, again the light flashed, this time I was looking straight up at it and again it was like someone used a flash bulb and it literally blinded me for a second. I could see the object, it looked cylindrical but it was extremely obscured by the night sky it almost disappeared and I had a hard time taking it. I see then another bright flash, but it wasn't very far from where it flashed prior and then the light pulsates, which made it much more easy to track, the pulsing light was much dimmer than the flashing light.

As I was watching this I noticed it was extremely high, way more high than airplanes travel and moving VERY slowly. I had perspective as a commercial jet liner was traveling the same direction and this thing was not even close to the speed of the jet. 

As I kept watching it the light would pulse then go out, then I would lose sight for a moment then a pulse would come again then disappear, then it flashed again, really intense light, then it went back to pulsing. I watched this thing for approximately 12 minutes and in that time it barely moved and again it was flying super high, like edge of space high. I have never seen anything like this before. It then just dissappeared and I could not see it anymore. It did not make any sound either.
