{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-07-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5242","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4220,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5549250.json","updb_database_id":5549250}
started flyin towards us in the sky a distance away at first it was only two lights parrallel from one another then it seems like it hovered higher and thats when the third light created a triangle and all three lights were erraticall flashing

it was july 22 of 2005 when i saw my first ufo. we left from laredo tx, at 9:00 pm we were on our way to visit relatives in california, it was my Dad,Brother,step mom,& two step sister's. I stayed up the whole way because we made it a plan to stop in Marfa TX to see the mysterious lights. well it was 4:00 am and we were at the viewing point right before u get into Marfa TX. WE all got off our suburban and there were very few so called,(Mysterious Lights out). I had been passed there about 4 years before. well it got boring so i suggested that we just hit the road, I was sitting in the middle row of the suburban looking out the left door window when we pulled out i stayed looking out towards the mountains looking at the (mysterious lights) still. And as i was gazing the whole range out of no where i noticed two lights blinking at just 1 pulse both lights at the same time just like a plane parallel the lights were,low it looked like it was floating very slowly. And i then said out loud "look, check that out is that a plane". but i had a feeling it wasnt because i'v never seen an airplane move that slow. Then My dad and I were both looking out driving when i noticed it had raised way higher in the sky and thats when the third light came on and all three lights started flashing (like strobing) These light were in the shape of a triangle. When it started to flash eratically i told my dad to stop so we could record it on video camera and i was the one who was recording. As i was recording one car did pass by looking out too, driving, by really slow. These triangular Lights stayed flashing for about 20 mins, i recorded my first time about 10 to 12 mins and then my Father said lets just go so we left i was still trying to record while we were driving , But we told my dad that this was rare to see something like this we had to stop to see what else it would do. So we stopped again and i started recording again and i noticed that it had rotated while we were driving the first recording i remembered seeing 2 lights at the bottom and one at the top, the second time i got down to record i noticed it was the other way around. During this whole expearience i was thinking of how nobody was going to believe me, during the whole recording i was saying its a F****** UFO this is crazy, and then we had enough seen enough to know so we got back in the suburban and hit the road again and about half 3/4ths a mile it decended back to the way i had seen it the first time very low and the 3rd light was like it was never there. the object drifted or floated the opposite way for a long ways we drove a couple of miles and when i looked back i could still see the two lights smaller of course  but they were still flying our skies. when we got to california we showed our family my older cousins the video there was one good frame where u paused the video and u could see 3 white lights like a triangle. well my dad took the girls to disney land and the girls recorded over the 20 mins of footage. i would of put the video on this website i am very upset. (but to this day i have seen another strange light appear in the sky out of no where huge ball of light in one spot, slowley start to dim but as its dimming its starts flying east like the light slowley turned off like a (dimmer)). Thanks for letting me share my expearience with Mufon i will try to get You all a video.
