{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67297","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6713,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5492250.json","updb_database_id":5492250}
{jpg} Noticed 3 large objects that seemed to follom my vehicle

I was returning from a business trip for Enterprise Product Partners and was returning form Albuquerque to Farmington NM. It was late at night around 11:00pm as I was traveling north on HWY 550 just outside the town of San Ysidro when I noticed that the stars were particularly bright in the eastern sky. I didn't think anything of this as the stars are often quite bright in New Mexico when one is away from city lights, especially during colder weather. As I crossed into the Jemez Rez. I noticed that there was a ringing in my ears. Again I didn't think anything of this as I was driving home after a long flight from Louisiana evaluating large Natural Gas Processing Turbines at a Processing Facility and figured that I had been exposed to a bit to much high frequency noise. I turned on the radio and searched for a radio station out of Texas that is the only one receivable in the remote area to drown out the ringing, only this time there were no AM Station that my Truck Radio could receive. I turned off the radio and noticed that the radio was still making a humming noise. Again I didn't think much of this as company vehicles often have electronic accessories such as Lap Tops, Cell Phones, Booster, etc. that can cause this issue. Although this problem didn't exist until then. Again I didn't think anything about this as I just wanted to get home and had a long drive ahead. There were no other vehicles on the Highway either north or south bound though this to is not unusual on 550 at time of night. I was trying to organize my thoughts to the report that I was to file the following day when I noticed out of the passenger window a group of what seemed like 3 stars on the horizon above the mountains that were almost keeping pace with my speed. My first thought was they were aircraft. Shortly there after there was a 4th light and again I didn't pay much attention as the 4 Corners area often sees multiple commercial aircraft passing overhead. About 5 mins later another light appeared then another and again another in the shape of a horizontal arc. I have seen many odd lights at night during my career in the Oil and Gas Ind. so to me it was just another curiosity. The lights however didn't go away and continued to pace my vehicle. I pulled over at a turn-around to relieve myself and noticed that there were 2 other shapes with the same pattern of lights that seemed to be at different altitudes slightly to the northeast and the southwest. At this time I noticed that they were no longer moving but seemed stationary. The lights to the northeast seemed to have a shape that was illuminated by what I assumed was the city lights of Santa Fe to the east. I truly believed that this was a cloud or something that was playing tricks on the eye at I was tired, so I entered my truck and opened a soda and turned the ignition. The truck had a had time starting which was strange as all company vehicle are fleet maintained and regularly serviced. The truck did start on the 5th try, I made a note to have the truck in for service and pulled back onto the highway. I glanced over and noticed that the arc of lights appeared to have moved closer and again seemed to keep pace with my vehicle. I also noticed that as the lights moved along that the stars in the background would disappear like something was passing in front of them. I increased speed to about 85mph then 95mph which are common speeds late at night on this stretch of highway and with each speed change (faster and slower) the lights kept exact pace. At this time I was becoming nervous and was looking forward to arriving in Cuba NM where I would stop and fuel up and wait awhile. Entering Cuba NM is very distinct as anyone who has travel in the area knows that Police repeatedly patrol the area looking for speeders. I was honestly hoping to see a State Trooper. The lights kept following my vehicle and drifting closer toward the highway to a point that they seemed to take up the entire passenger side windows of the crew-cab 1/2 ton Chevrolet pickup. I began to feel nauseous and I could hear the ringing in my ears over the sound of the whine of the tires on the asphalt. I was becoming quite disturbed at this time and was beginning to desperately look for the lights of Cuba. I remember clearly that I was traveling at 103mph, the trucks top speed when the lights passed overhead and blocked out the stars and cast what seemed like a shadow over the area. The starlight was gone for possibly 10 seconds and then drifted back toward the northeast and then raised up and was gone. I saw street lights in the distance and assumed that I was finally reaching Cuba NM. I slowed to the posted speed limit of 70 mph and felt somewhat relieved that what ever was going on was over. As I neared closer to the street lights they were quite different form the lights of Cuba ( with which I am very familiar with as I have made this drive many times) I continued to slow as I approached the lights and realized that they were the yard lights of what is known as Hill Top Store, a Gas Station and Store 10 miles from Bloomfield NM. Almost 100 miles from where I believed I was. I have absolutely no memory of traveling this distance. No memory of passing through Cuba or a number of other small settlements and landmarks that are used to gage distances at night. The ringing in my ears was gone along with the nausea, and the truck was functioning normally with 3/4 of a tank of fuel. The clock in the truck was exactly 1 hour and 38 minutes slower than the wall clock within Hill Top Store. I was shaken and took about 20-30 min to gather myself then continued home. During the next 3 weeks I experienced odd rashes on my body and sleep issues as well as other changes. I used to have black/dark brown hair which then began to turn spotty grey. There are times when I feel unexplainably tired and confused since this incident. I do not understand what may have happened and don't know what may or may not be taking place. I am a professional in the Energy Industry and need answers.
