{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-02 22:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119173","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3674,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5284250.json","updb_database_id":5284250}
3 tri shaped objects positioned in same pattern but at different altitudes

Tyler County was place of residence from 2016 to 2019. I observed these objects on nightly basis (literally) . Have photos and video to back up explanation. No longer live in Tyler County but on a recent visit while traveling from a friend's home health patients home, I observed the 3 Tru shaped objects in the sky. We were headed S on a County Road and the lowest of the 3 objects was (looking out windshield) in the SW view. Being very familiar with these objects, I immediately began to explain that the triangle shaped object was one of the same objects that I had told my friend about and also what I had learned while watching them from my back yard in SPURGER TEXAS. I pointed out the other 2 objects that were higher than the one I saw first. The lower object was definitely getting lower and lower in the sky. Which I had observed many nights from my back yard. On many occasions I would use a Q beam or flash lite to point at and flash the lite at the object. In Spurger Texas, on many nites I had flashed the objects and on many occasions & I received replicated response back with their lites. If I blinked 3 flashes at the object , it would blink 3 flashes back at me. If I blinked 5 flashes it responded with 5 flashes. So on thus nite I only had my Samsung galaxy s21 ultra ( no hand held flashlight or Q beam) so I turned on the flash light in my phone and hoped that I would get a response if I flashed the lite at the object, because I wanted to PROVE to my friend that thus had really happened and it's response would prove that. So i opened the sun roof and kind of semi stood up and stuck my phone out the sunroof and used my index finger to cover and uncover the flash lite on the phone . I blinked 3 long blinks and covered it up all together. I waited approx. 15 seconds no response . So I repeated the steps ...3 long blinks and covered my lite altogether. This time I GOT A RESPONSE . 3 LONG BLINKS BACK. NOW THE OBJECTS AS STATED ARE TRI SHAPED AND THE LITES IN THEM ARE 1 AT FRONT POINT OF OBJECT. THE OTHER LITES (2) ARE POSITIONED ONE ON EACH REAR CORNER. WHEN IT RESPONDED ALL 3 LITES BLINKED SIMULTANIOUSLY. MY FRIEND WAS ASTOUNDED. AS WE kept driving S bound we approached the intersection of County Road and Hwy 69/96/287 where we turned right heading north on hwy 69/96/287 . The object had turned and it's front lite was on my passenger side facing S. The other 2 objects were still positioned above the lowest object but remained in a tri shaped pattern. I observed them all the way back to our destination. Then they all 3 objects went started climbing higher. Until I could barely see them with my naked . As I said this particular area seems to be a hot seat for these objects. As stated earlier these objects are in the nite sky almost every nite. And I have observed them and have other encounters that I would like to report. I unfortunately did not get pics that nite but I have others. Just didn't know if I should submit them since they are not part if this sighting
