{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-12-09 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4145,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5511250.json","updb_database_id":5511250}
{dr}1st-single engine contrail-bright lead point-2nd-by binocs-sphere/w/tube exhaust

I watched a showing of the Kecksburg Incident last night.
Although I had seen that show before, I hadnt caught the "Tube" reference before about the rear of the craft.
The reason I had never considered it to be my sighting was the "Acorn" shape description.
I realized that it had to be the craft I saw at 14 years old over the Roanoke-Salem Va. area and
had probably imploded or melted to its internal framing.

I was "Airplane crazy" at the time and watched the sky for contrails and listened for planes overhead.
In either case I got my Dads WII Army Air Corps binoculars to get close up views.
Earlier a C119 Boxcar flew directly overhead of my house on the landing glide path for our airport.
It was polished as all large aircraft were then, and the binoculars let me see the plane as though
it was 100 ft overhead, although it flew over Sugarloaf MT. and was probably at least 2000 ft in altitude.
It was such a thrill I became even more obsessed with sky watching.
The day of my sighting I noticed a 4 engine contrail and a single contrail to its left in the South-Slightly-Eastern horizon.
I ran for the binocs since a single contrail HAD to be a fighter.
The planes were only brilliant specks ahead of the contrails.
The sky was clear and sunny and the sunlight lit them up like diamonds.
I focused on the 4 engine first to see if it was an escort for the fighter, but it was a commercial airliner,
and I was nuts for the military planes so I panned left for my first fighter sighting.
The glint of polished metal came into view, I adjusted the binocs and....saw a perfect ball, no external
flight controls at all.

My craft was a perfect sphere, perfectly polished or even an acrylic globe with a mirror finish,
no rivets or panels at all.
As it flew to the center of the horizon I got a 3/4 side view and saw the "Exhaust Tube" at the rear.
The ball to tube proportions were: tube 1/3 of ball diameter, tube extended out 1/3 of its diameter.
The flame trail length was 2 and 1/2 times the diameter of the ball, it seemed to have a high velocity
external clear flame with a half diameter flickering yellow and red-ish internal flame plume.
At the time I felt the tube was just to produce a contrail and not really powering the flight.
The ball could not possibly carry fuel to feed such a large exhaust tube.
If a craft with NO flight controls could maintain a perfect flight path, it had to have a propulsion system
better than a "hang on big tube".
I watched it travel until it dropped over the horizon. It went SE to NW and was probably over the WV border
by the time it left my sight.

I decided not to tell anyone since I didn't want to be the "Kooky Kid" who sees things and who would have believed me?
.
I have cancer now and wanted to tell before I join the universe.

I havent yet made sketches of the craft, the chemo has left me too
exhausted to make a decent effort, although when I have the energy
I will make the drawings. I looked at it from four good angles as it
flew across the horizon.
