{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-05 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476250","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84004","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2783,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/250/mufon-5476250.json","updb_database_id":5476250}
{rjl} Craft was on head on approach and hovered above me momentarily and continued on.

It was approximately 2 AM in the morning The Saturday before Labor Day as I was driving to a convenience store. I was headed east on Winchester Road just east of hacks Cross Road and noticed something of low altitude precisely following the road headed West towards me. At first sight, I thought it was an airplane but thought the Low altitude and slow speed made that impossible.  There was absolutely no engine sound 1 or any other sound I could discern at that time. There was no other traffic on the road so I stopped in middle of the road and watched. There was no sound at all as the craft very slowly approached me.  I estimate it took approximately three minutes to reach me from the time I first spotted the craft. During that time The craft traveled a distance of about a  Quarter to a half mile. It maintained a very slow forward speed and a very low altitude (estimate 40-50 feet maximum). When it got directly above me it actually Hovered. I heard a loud Airish 1 whooshing 1 roaring sound and, leaning out the car window to look up, felt very strong air current coming from the craft.  Other than when it was directly overhead, I heard and felt nothing.  It was almost as if the air current was initiated  Once the craft iwas above me. It hovered for 20 to 30 seconds and then continued on the path it was on (headed west following Winchester Road).  The craft was triangular/wedge shaped and appeared to have no markings or lights.  However when it was directly above me I could see the underside was very covered and crowded with indiscernible " Instruments."  As the craft hovered I attempted to take a picture/video with my phone. I was oddly disoriented, clumsy, uncoordinated and could not accomplish the simple act of taking the photo or opening the door of my car to get out and take a picture. During the entire incident I did not see another vehicle on the road which seemed to be a bit odd to me. I at least had the impression the downward air current ceased and the craft continued on its way. I watched it for a couple of minutes and then drove on to my destination.
