{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-24 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291266","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112069","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2201,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/266/mufon-5291266.json","updb_database_id":5291266}
Two objects flying

The initial object spotted was flying at an unknown altitude. It made no noise. It could not be seen with the naked eye. It was spotted using night vision devices. It appeared to be between the size of a fighter aircraft and a 737. As the object flew over, the actual shape was hard to make out. The light pattern reminded me of low visibility "formation" lighting used by military aircraft. What made this very distinct was the lack of noise and the fact that it appeared the object was purposefully dialing through a series of patterns created by the formation lights. The first light pattern was a boomerang shape and then it shifted to a triangle shape and just before it went out of view it had shifted to a circular shape. The only thing that appeared to change was the light pattern NOT the actual shape.

After this object passed by at a fairly decent speed a second object followed in trail and resembled the first object. This one was emitting the circular pattern of lights and as it passed overhead it was almost as if it knew we could see it and it headed to put itself between us and the moon so that the moonglow would hide the object from our NVG's. At that point we could not find it with night vision nor normal vision. The assumption was the object killed all of its external lighting once in the moonglow relative to our position as we never saw it after that despite watching for the next two hours.

We were able to observe multiple satellites, aircraft and even the starlink train as it passed to the north but these were definitely not like any of the standard objects.
