{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-01 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506266","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52537","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/266/mufon-5506266.json","updb_database_id":5506266}
{cak} Late night pulsating star-like ufos

I went out on to my back porch at 3:45 am to smoke a cigarette when I noticed what seemed to be two large, out of place stars that were to my north (Over the Pt. Marion Pennsylvania area) at an unknown elevation.. They were pulsating from white-red-orange-blue.. the first one remained stationary for about 4 minutes when it disappeared and reappeared to the right of where I had originally saw it. It the made a 90 degree turn and flew in almost a zig zag pattern and then disappeared kind of like a shooting star. While all this was happening, the other object remained stationary for about 4-5 minutes longer. It continued to pulse during this time but at one point it disappeared for about 10-15 seconds and then reappeared in the same spot for about another minute and then disappeared for good.
Id like to add that Im an amateur astronomer/star gazer and have NEVER seen anything like this. Ever. Id also like to add that it was very VERY cloudy tonight and there were no aircraft in the sky at this time. It was very quiet and these objects made no noise whatsoever.
Im a 30 year old college student and have been interested in and have studied aircraft for most of my life. I know that there isnt any aircraft or human being for that matter that couldve survived the G-forces that wouldve been produced making 90 degree turns as this objects did.
At first I was amazed and awestruck. I couldnt help but stare at the objects in amazement. When the object performed the zig zag pattern and shot off like a shooting stat I definitely felt an overwhelming sense of fear because I knew what I was watching wasnt anything of this earth. After the sighting I google searched who I was suppose to file a report with after witnessing a UFO and it led me here.. That was the first thing that came to mind. I immediately tried to write a report with my phone but it wouldnt work properly and had to get my laptop. Im still kind of stunned at this point.. over an hour and a half later.. and waaay past my bedtime at this point.
I just hope someone saw what I did.. so I don't feel as crazy as I do right now.
