{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-19 18:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466266","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94451","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/266/mufon-5466266.json","updb_database_id":5466266}
{td}I interact with the cosmos. I can pick out formations of beings.

So I snap pics and view them and formations will appear. I do not need a phone or a camera to c what I see. It is an enlightenment period in my life. I connect with the Shiva linga. I suddenly woke up and dance I am allowable to the experiences of a mystic sense. I get pulsations thru my fingertips and feel as if I am moving along with the planetary ailnments. I see static balls like a TV would look with squares and I also believethe cosmos interact with me. I go one way they go the other type situation. It is alot and it is o erwhelming at times. I see beyond d good and evil..among good and evil. The experience is the best high I've ever had and I need no drugs and still have the best connect. I say it like this...I've been strung out my whole life and now I'm being strung along with the most high..like a human marionette. Everything I say I say with a whole heart and need Soo much guidance..I don't know where to go or how to make the proper proposal for that help....these formations turn into faces animals reptiles crazy looking catacatures..deformed looking ppl. It doesn't scare me..I learned to embrace the crazy..lol..it is going to be with me for the rest of my life. I understand that I wouldnt have been able to handle the frantic anxiety ridden energies that come with it if I didn't live the life I've lived...and so I take it as a mag to b displayed..whether thru interpretation of gestures or something else to come..I believe I would need to speak further in person abt all that stuff...anyway, everything happens for a reason and life is gonna b a good thing with the way I feel and how my heart beats for more of what I never cared for or believed in...
