{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-01 17:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498266","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60978","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2919,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/266/mufon-5498266.json","updb_database_id":5498266}
am always looking up waiting with grandson to be picked up, it looked odd 1 trail i took photo with iPhone

i was out side waiting with grandson for his mother to pick him up, and as I'm always looking up saw what appeared to be a plane with trail it looked odd to me it was more like a half circle not the shape of a plane and 1 trail coming from it, the evening light was shinning on it which made it look pink like. so i took photo of it with iPhone. when i zoomed in in iPhoto was quite thrilled with what i saw, would you believe nobody else was! it just went from one side of sky to another, just kept on going ( away from sydney airport which i live near ) some months previous not sure when i noticed when i was at my old home and sitting outside on balcony round about 5pm again something else odd so took video, and ran to back of house as it flew over to film it some more, but it didn't appear !! although i have it on my computer. now i will say that back in the 60's i did see something else odd that didn't fit, and that was it, I'm a believer. I go much deeper than most people, am spiritual too, with eyes wide open. Have access to Apple TV so i am looking all the time on youtube for ufo like mine. I get disappointed with most channels who also go into conspiracies, etc., then i saw your stuff, ah i said thats for me. If you don't mind an opinion, i would like to air one, there is evidence every where that we where visited long ago, its so obvious that everything that was left in stone was not from primitive man, it all says we where here. Then the crop circles, phenomena yes but oh so intelligent, we are used to them now, next is escalating sightings and proof of, and now weather phenomenon, clouds etc, saying look what we can do, look up! 
On a recent visit to my son in queensland country i sat outside (with no light pollution ) looking at the stars,( can't see them that clear where i live) after an hour was going indoors when i saw coloured lights 2 lots blinking Oh great i thought 2 planes it was 2.30am when i told my son as a joke he informed me that planes aren't allowed to fly at that time !!
