{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-11 19:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490266","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5794,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/266/mufon-5490266.json","updb_database_id":5490266}
UAP high aspect ratio white crescent wing with two fuzzy appendages above, no tail or fuselage, moving west to east then curving slight descent

1.	Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

Sitting on my front porch at the address above enjoying the evening and chatting with my tenant over a cocktail. I was looking around at the property and the sky (I always keep my eyes on the skies)

2. What made you first notice the object?

I was looking South at the sky past some trees and a power line and I spotted the object in the sky moving right to left just above one of my neighbour1s trees.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

I thought it was a conventional aircraft

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.

Object spotted at approximately 19:45:30. At first glance I thought it was a conventional aircraft as it was flying straight and level at typical aircraft speed. What appeared to be a white very high aspect ratio arched wing was visible at the bottom, with two light greyish coloured fuzzy patches above which I took to be reflections off of twin high wing engines. No engine noise heard. I could not see a fuselage nor tail structure but did not think much of it immediately as it is common to see light planes and helicopters in the area.

Object was moving approx West to East at maybe 1500 foot altitude at perhaps 115 knots (typical small aircraft speed, approx 1000 m due South of my house. Visibility good, sky clear and a rain squall had moved east of the area about 1 hour before.

Clear sky light breeze from the North. Weather records from Kingston airport (YGK) show 7 km/hr from 320 deg at 2000 hrs that day.

I jokingly said to my friend T sitting on the porch as well 1hey, that might be a UFO1 and she leaped up and snapped a photo of it with her iPhone (model 5S) and immediately emailed it to me. 

1Do you really think so?1 she asked and I said 1I doubt it, perhaps it could possibly be a high winged twin engine flying boat of some kind. (ie engines mounted above the wing)1. 

Before it disappeared to the East behind some trees, its path started to descend slightly in a smooth curve, which struck me as odd.

It is interesting since we have been discussing the subject over previous days as I am an accredited MUFON Field Investigator, a former MUFON Country Representative for Hong Kong. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

Feelings of mild curiosity, which increased substantially after I examined T1s photo the following day. 

At the time of teh sighting, I activated the Flight Tracker App on my Samsung smart phone and determined there were three commercial flights at high altitude within about a 20 mile radius. Unfortunately I did not record a screenshot.

My curiosity increased when I looked at the photo the following day. There was no sign of the white wing, nor any tail or fuselage. 

I therefore decided to investigate a bit. 

I contacted (unofficially) aviation sources who were also curious and kindly gave me flight movement records of local flight movements in the area. 

There were five flight movements recorded in the time frame:

18:05 hrs Cessna Citation 750
19:56 hours Beech 1900 
20:21 hours Cessna 172
20:36 hours Cessna 172
20:40 hours Beech 1900

My source was not able to specify what the flight movements were 1 I understand they could be takeoffs, landings or transits of the local control zone. Checking schedules the two movements of the Beech 1900 were clearly the arrival of the scheduled Toronto 1 Kingston Air Georgian flight and its subsequent departure back to Toronto. The two Cessna 172 movements were likely a short training flight from the local flying club. The Citation could be a landing, takeoff or (unlikely) a low level transit through the Air Control Zone. It is outside the time frame as are the C 1721s.

I considered whether the sighting could have been the inbound YYZ - YGK Air Georgian flight and find that extremely unlikely. I have taken that flight many times myself and it invariably does a straight in approach to either runway 07-25 or a single turn approach onto final onto runway 01-19 (depending on the wind direction). 

Since the area of the sighting is 14 km East of the airport, even if they had been using runway 25 they would not have got that far East of the airport. As the wind was recorded at 320 degrees I expect they used runway 01, turning straight in onto final from the YYZ 1 YGK course of about 090.

I will be following up to try to obtain official records and may consider contacting Air Georgian.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?

See above. Object was obscured by trees.
