{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-09-12 21:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521266","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3649,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/266/mufon-5521266.json","updb_database_id":5521266}
Flashing blue green variable star , then divides and moves away

I was living in a shed in the hills behind Noosa ,Ridgewood to be exact, on this particular night i had gone to bed and after 5 minutes realized i needed to pee . i went outside to relieve myself and was almost immediately drawn to a "star" that was behaving in an unusual way . it was directly overhead and was flashing in multiple colors , and i just thought this is just a star that's light is being distorted by high altitude get stream winds , nothing unusual . i was drawn to this object and continued to watch it as it was behaving very weird then suddenly it divided into 2 objects , with one moving away to the north and slowly fading out after about 4 seconds , the main "star" remained exactly where it was for the remainder of the night but was gone the next evening , .
but it didn't end there , a few days later , late arvo , while watching a spectacular sunset , while my sister was visiting we were standing outside the shed when a strange cloud came from behind us from the other side of the ridge and just settled right in front of us , it was the size of small cabin and was pulsing with light and color of all descriptions , this "cloud" hovered right in front of us both for several minutes , my sister turned to me and ask "are you seeing this?" i said absolutely , this cloud hovered 20 feet away ,it was pulsing and seemed alive with power , i could have almost reached out and touched it , my sister became scared and went inside and i laughed at her saying it just a highly charged cloud , the cloud began to move away , and it got about 50 meters away when i said to my sister , "see its just a cloud don't be a woos come back out" as soon as i said this the cloud did a reverse and came marching back at me and was flashing even more intensely and stopped right in front of me , not 15 feet away, and i swear it was rumbling at me . i said OK , i`m convinced and promptly retreated back inside the cabin and peered at it through a window , then the strange cloud moved off again . we were both freaked out by this strange cloud .
it was a couple of weeks later that i developed a swelling in the roof of my mouth and after a xray they found a large cyst in my sinus caverty that was growing around an "impacted eye tooth" . i saw the xray and it looked nothing like a tooth , but was about 1/2 inch long and 2 millimeters wide , like a slither . the doctor immediately booked me for surgery at the Royal Brisbane Hospital , and within 4 days i had a team of surgeons , up to 15 of them , who then removed the "tooth" and cyst , before the surgery i had asked that i would like to keep the "tooth" but when i woke i asked for it and they told me it had gone for testing and i couldn't have it , and when i asked what the hell was it , the nurse told me that i got the most unusual cyst of the year award .
to this day i still have a huge scar in the roof of my mouth and the outside of the tooth line where they had too attack the object to get at it , WTF
