{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-11-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548575","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3075,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/575/mufon-5548575.json","updb_database_id":5548575}
Blue flash and bright lights blocking road

This is very difficult, as there have been so many different sightings since November 29th, 2007. I am going to try to file them separately even though my story won't make as much sense. I will do this in chronicological order.

I was driving home from town on hwy 118. I had two people with me. It was a perfectly clear night between 6:30 pm and 7pm. Suddenly there was a fog that came up around us in which we all started talking about because it was so odd. Then, a very bright bluish light lit up around, which really startled us. At that very moment a bright white light shot from the sky at low altitude and could have hit the ground in front of us, but not so that we could see. We were very startled, and nervously chatted along the drive. We drove aways and there were very bright lights that appeared in front of us. They appeared to stretch across about half the width of the highway. They were orange/red with an orange ora all around them. It looked as though I might run right into them and I began to come to a stop. It then looked as though they zipped sideways and disappeared. This road has thick trees on either side of us. There was no pull off and no road for anything to turn down. When I thought I had passed the spot where this occurred I wanted to turn around and look for the lights but my passengers were too frightened so we continued home. This happened at precisely 7:00 pm. I know that because I looked at the clock joking about being abducted. 

Okay, now I am really wondering here. I am trying to find a video or picture to attach in order to show you what the highway looks like that we were traveling on. I came across a video taken last October. My daughter had just gotten a new video camera for her birthday. I was trying to get a picture off of the video and while trying to find the best shot without showing my cracked windshield I noticed something running across the road in front of us. It is traveling so fast. Way too fast and upright for a moose. Could you examine this? Anyway I will attempt to send this. It is depicting the area that we travel home and although going the opposite way of our sighting it is showing you what it is like.

I can't seem to upload a video. Could you let me know what to do? I am sending a picture of the highway and it has that creature on it.
