{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-27 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524575","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3870,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/575/mufon-5524575.json","updb_database_id":5524575}
Toy Top Shaped

(Names and ages removed)CMS 08/30/11 10:14 cst flg and myself, age 58 were outside in my backyard enjoying the evening at approximately 2000 hours. Sky conditions were "severe clear".
Out of the three of us I am the most qualified observer. I am a multi engine private pilot with thirty years of experience around most types of aircraft, military and otherwise. 

Dana and I were in the hot tub while Genara was taking in the dinner dishes. As Genara approached the back door of the dwelling she stopped and start to urgently call my name. There was obvious distress in her inflection and I bolted to her side, where she pointed up and to the south from our location saying "look". I initially observed three objects located approximately thirty degrees above the horizon and what appeared to be between four to six miles away. The objects were traveling obliquely to my position from SSW to NNE. After several moment I shook off the amazement and called for my camera and binoculars. Approximately ninety seconds later I was brought my requested items. During this period the lead object stopped illuminating. Several others appeared fully illuminated stretched out in a line that was varied in lateral and horizontal position. There was no sound. The objects all had the same configuration. The illuminated shape was like a clear sphere approximately 50-90 feet diameter. The illumination was accomplished by what appeared to be a solid bar of light that resembles a flattened out letter "W". It changed color at times. bright orange on a couple of them yellowish on others. During their approach the last three trailing objects swept wide to the west before turning to the east unlike the lead objects. The illumination was not navigational lighting. The were no red/green white or strobes. I took several still pictures with a Kodak digital camera and then switched modes and attempted to make two short videos using the same camera. The images are poor but do depict the lighting and the formation. The objects speed was very slow from my perspective. At times one or two objects seemed to be in a hover before continuing to the east. I switched over to a set of Nikon Monarch 10 X 56 6 degree binoculars. The oversized primary lens' are optimum for low light conditions. I tracked the last three of the objects. Each of the last three illumination stopped while I was viewing them through the binoculars. I could still see the objects in some way even more clearly then when illuminated. The silhouette was bottom 4/7ths of a sphere with a slightly conical structure on top. This structure was centered on top and fell short of reaching either edge by 1/5th of the top distance of the shape. They continued on to the east until they appeared so low on the horizon that they became obscured by my neighbors roof line. I have not heard a single report on the local news as of today. I am glad I have witnesses I can speak with about this event.
