{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-09 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503575","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/575/mufon-5503575.json","updb_database_id":5503575}
bright star like objects that seem to be in pairs and blink various colours

I have observed these events several times, my description is for the evening of april 9, 2014. Observed what first appeared to be stars, then I noticed that the bright spheres which seem to be in orbit (because planes fly around the area of the sighting I assume they do not see them or are bothered by them). These are not planets and are not stars. The objects appear in pairs, they appear to move with each other sometimes as if they are connected, or, just staying in a fixed relation to each other. Also one in each pair is usually brighter than the other. The individual objects move from side to side several degrees and have also appeared to have risen up in straight lines or zig zags again moving several degrees. There were 3 pairs of these objects. They appear when the sun goes down and can no longer be seen when the sun is fully risen. This particular sighting started at 10pm and was last seen at 6am. These objects are present every night and usually appear in the same area of the sky. They are not airplanes, lots of planes fly overhead to compare them to, they are not helicopters. There is no sound that one would hear from planes and helicopters. I first observed these objects in 2010 and have seen them countless times in Manitoba and Ontario. Light pollution decreases the ability to see them so it is best from a more rural area, however I have observed them in a city setting as well. I suggest looking up no matter where you are and look for stars that look out of place and just watch to see if they move in an unusual fashion. My hypothesis is that these objects are everywhere. When you see one it will be there all night so if you have a good quality video camera it is a good opportunity to film if you want to.
