{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-24 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504575","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54312","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3272,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/575/mufon-5504575.json","updb_database_id":5504575}
{kt}black V-shape with red lights flew by home twice 100-150 ft above me

On Monday night (2-24-14) around 7:30 pm, I walked into my backyard to throw away garbage. North West of me I saw 3 red lights moving in unison toward me and I heard a low roaring sound. The way the lights appeared was a different configuration than I have ever seen on an airplane.

I ran inside and got my girlfriend. The lights flew over my neighbor's house, 2 houses west of us and as it passed 3 streets south of us a few more red lights suddenly turned on. We watched a row of red lights drift in a south west direction for a couple minutes before I couldn't see them anymore yet I could still hear the roar. The light formation was half the width of the neighborhood block.

I ran inside and told my mother. Less than 5 minutes later I walked back outside and heard the roaring sound again, louder. I looked up and flying directly over me, coming from the east, I clearly saw a dark V-shape with four red lights underneath each side of it forming a V. The same red lights I saw before. There are 50 ft palm trees in the front yard and the object was at least 100-150 ft from the ground. It sharply turned south when it was 2 houses west of me and followed the same path I saw the first time.

As it flew away I noticed that the object appeared completely flat with nothing visible besides the red lights. Across the street from me is Fresno high school and the outdoor lights that illuminate the track/field were on since dozens of people were exercising out there. I was shocked that I clearly saw a dark V-shape against the night sky and it moved quite slow. If I had a bike I could have kept up with its speed. I lost sight of it after a couple minutes. I even ran out into the front street with my mother to get a better look.

It wasn't until then that I realized that the row of lights I saw fly away the first time formed a V pattern too. I was stunned. By the time I realized I should chase after it in my car, it was gone. I was unable to get any pictures with my phone. Within 10 minutes, a small airplane and a helicopter flew back and forth over the object's path.

The next day (2-25-14) I found out online that pictures were taken across town of a glowing disc shaped object just 1 hour before my sighting and a few days prior, seven glowing objects were also seen/ photographed in the same area as the disc. 

I know what airplanes look like and the object I saw not only dwarfed any plane I have ever seen, it also flew as slow and low as the local police helicopter does.
