{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-01-01 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525575","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30167","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3058,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/575/mufon-5525575.json","updb_database_id":5525575}
perfect glowing red/orange circle below grey cloud cover - appox. 1/2" diam from my POV.

I came home from an errand when I lived in the UNCA area and parked outside in our driveway. I felt the urge to look up - perhaps caught something from the corner of my eye - I don't know. It was a perfect circle, red/orange in color - glowing red/orange, like a hot electric stove-top kind of color (but the light of it was contained in the circle and didn't "shine," if that makes sense - a dull glow). It was moving due North across the sky during the afternoon. It was fall or winter (about 10 years ago, so I don't have fresh details). The sky was completely covered in grey clouds, so the object was below the cloud cover. Hard to tell how high up it was. I am estimating it was about 1/2" or slightly less in diameter from my POV. It moved at a steady, medium pace for several seconds (not fast, not really slow), then suddenly shot forward incredibly fast so it looked like a straight line of red/orange then just as suddenly disappeared. I would say from my POV the "streak" lasted only about two-three inches before it disappeared from sight. Overall, including the slower speed, I saw the object move maybe a maximum of 10 inches from my POV in a matter of approximately 15 seconds. I had no idea what it was, and consider it a UFO. I will never forget it - the urge to look, the perfection of the red/orange circle against the grey clouds, my mind trying to figure out what I was looking at and checking things off the list, wondering what had made me look up in the first place, and, in a weird sense, I felt a strong sense of "intention" or "purpose" in what I was seeing - it was not moving randomly, but in a perfectly straight line, and a sense of "otherness" - I don't know how else to describe it. Then - poof - it was gone in a streak of light. I didn't feel afraid or worried - more "okay, that was...not something normal!" I had to make an effort to not dismiss the event - I had an urge to simply toss it aside as something random and meaningless, and to forget it, don't worry about it, to go about my business as this wasn't important, etc. - but I resisted that urge and instead did the opposite - I repeated the event in my mind, and then told someone I trusted about it to help lock it in. I have a very clear picture of it in my mind even 10 years later. Thanks for listening to my story! It was a very brief, very memorable event.
