{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-01 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512575","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/575/mufon-5512575.json","updb_database_id":5512575}
(GS) Driving NE on country road 229 we watched a pulsing light illuminate the sky and the surroundings. As we got closer we saw it was an oval shape above the tree line emanating the light.

Let me start my UFO experience by staing that last year I lived in Sarasota fl and drove frequently back and forth between the west coast of Florida and eastern Pennsylvania. This experience is the first time I stayed on 75n instead of taking 4e through Orlando. Not having taken this way before I plug in our address in Pa and GPS takes us up thru Gainesville to get to 10e. As we approach Gainesville the waze GPS changes the route and tells us to get off the hwy to country road 238 and then to country road 229 to 10e to 95n. We even laughed and didn't know how we felt about taking the new route due to the "country road" and it was about 6? Sun was almost down. But the waze gives u tons of bonus points if u take the recalculated short cuts. So we exited despite our apprehension disguised with humor. Driving on 238 I think I turned the radio off cuz we were talking about how black it was out. We were the only ones we could see on the road maybe only passed 2 cars on the opposite side. Finally we get to the blinking light to turn onto 229 hoping there would be some kind of civilization on the new road. We pull up to turn left and look to the right and the left again and both sides of the road were completely pitch black. Tree lined almost as far as I could see it was so black. Shortly after we got on my fianc1 who was driving since we turned off the hwy noticed the sky was illuminating. We watched it a couple mins thinking it was odd that since the weather was unseasonably cold there would be heat flashes which is what we first thought it was. But after a few min went by we realized it was too consistently timed. So our thought went to some kind of spot light aimed at the sky but as the road curved and it was straight in front of us we realized the light had no direction so it couldnt be a spot light. It illuminated the sky in a way a heat flash does with no direction. The whole time were driving were watching this thing trying to figure out what it was never thinking once to put the phone on video or take pictures. All I remember thinking about my phone was that it was dying and wasnt charging right. When we realized it couldnt be a spotlight we just kept watching to see what it was. Then we saw it. Just above the tree line maybe 100ft or so hard to tell because I only had a second to see the surroundings till the light was gone again. As we got closer I started thinking about the raiford sign Id seen earlier and thought it could be some kind of light on a structure maybe marking an entrance or something for the prison. Since we could see it was shaped like an oval and very close to the ground. But as we drew closer and closer I kept looking for a structure to be attached at the bottom but nothing. I just kept thinking we werent close enough to see it cuz the flash is too quick. My fianc1 realized I guess the perspective size of it and started driving faster telling me theres nothing attached and we were seeing an actual UFO. I laughed it off continuing to watch to see the structure to prove he was an idiot. We drove right into this thing like it was sitting above the road but over the treelike next to the road. We basically drove under it and there was no structure. But the closer we got the hair on the back of my neck stood. The light wasnt flashing it was pulsating. And the oval or saucer shape had a row of light in the center like a ring around the widest part made up of windows where the constant very dim light could be seen coming from the inside when the sky was black. The other thing I noticed when the light pulsed is that it didn't cast a shadow. The taller trees werent shadowing the shorter trees. The light lit the entire surroundings the second it was lit. Also the size of this thing in the sky it couldnt have been held up with a pole-like structure as I thought. It was huge. I have no idea how big it was to relate to something other than the tree line it was above.....several of those large trees were under it. And it was definitely significantly larger than our car especially considering the relative nature of its distance. My fianc1 couldnt see it as we got right too it because of its position and he being the driver it was above the view of the windshield and only I could see the fine details of the windows and the inside light as I watched it thru the moon roof and then the back window. It was only after we were passed it and it was almost out of sight on the road that my mind could wrap itself around the truth....kind of. Enough for me to tell him to turn around so I could take a video of it. It was so close! I could have had the worlds closest video of a UFO!! I mean if I could see what I saw in a second of light what could be seen on pause!?!?!? He refused. Again laughing off nervousness by going faster stating that people who get as close as we just got don't come back and if they do its naked in a phone booth miles away. Funny yes but true enough I didn't fight him hard on it. Instead I downloaded google earth onto my phone to see if I could find some kind of something on the road that was a human structure but nothing. I googled flashing lights in raiford and only the traffic light came up. I googled near Gainesville and nothing. When I got home I started googling ufo sightings near Gainesville and tons of them came up but one really matching what I saw. Most were way far up in the sky or multiple continuous lights or colored fireballs. Then I googled ufos jan 2013 to see if anyone else saw what we saw and I found the video of the objects over New York City earlier the same day and there it was. Exactly what we saw from far away but ours was so close like I said I could see it in detail. There is no mistaking what I saw. Raised in Pennsylvania my family is from Lancaster pa and raised Mennonite. Although I myself am not a Mennonite and my mother is not a strict Mennonite it is the core belief and value of religion passed down to me. Religion and belief in god and Jesus does not allow for a dual belief in ufos or extraterrestrial life. So I am awestruck and have become slightly obsessed with researching these beliefs and where they stem from. I have to because I saw it....it was real. It was massive and it was nothing like any man made aircraft or man made light on earth today. Something to add....we lost time. The GPS kept changing the time of arrival and somehow 26min were lost while we passed under that ufo in the tree line. I am not crazy because someone with me saw it too which is my rational thought making sure my mind knows and accepts what my eyes saw that night. This is by far one of the craziest experiences Ive had and has since opened my mind to many new thought processes and theories of life...earth,...how we got here and why.
