{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-11 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483575","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3023,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/575/mufon-5483575.json","updb_database_id":5483575}
{cak} 3 Huge Red/Orange fiery balls in a triangular formation, equally spaced apart w/o sound slowly ascending above treetops into the night sky

Just a little after 11:00pm on Sunday Sept 11,2011, I got off the couch to close and lock the inside front door for the night and noticed thru the screen door 3 huge fiery looking redish orange balls appear above the tree tops coming from the direction of Lakeside Mall in Sterling Heights,Mi. They were moving slowly south above Hayes Ave. I yelled for my sister Celeste (who was sharing the apartment with me)to come outside. We both stood out front of our one story apartment and watched with amazement the triangular formation w/o sound for about a minute or two and I wondered out loud if they could all be connected to each other and just then the one on the bottom left trailed behind for about 2 seconds then quickly returned to its spot as if to show me they were not connected. I told my sister to stay put as I ran back into the apartment to grab my new digital camera. I was prob gone only about 15 seconds and when I returned I noticed that they were moving more in a southeastern direction ascending up towards the clouds. It had been a nice day with mild temperatures and only a few clouds high up. I would guess we witnessed the whole event for about 4 minutes before they disappeared into the clouds. Unfortunately, I was unable to get a picture because of my nervousness and lack of knowledge on how to use the camera that all I managed was a picture of the back of my sister's head. I felt so disappointed that I couldn't capture a photo or a video for evidence. I said to my sister that no one is going to believe us. She said something that big above a busy road like Hayes Ave had to be seen by others that we couldn't be the only ones and went to bed. I was disappointed in her lack of interest and wanted so bad to talk more about it. I did however call the Sterling Heights police department the next day to ask if they got any calls the night before around 11:10pm of the same sighting and i was told "no" and that it was probably just weather balloons from Selfridge Air National Guard Base..which is located about 10 miles east of my apartment. They definately were not weather balloons. 
I had not heard of MUFON until a couple of week ago when I attended a talk at a local library about UFO's and was told to tell my story. Thank you for your time.
