{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-04 12:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120732","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5282716.json","updb_database_id":5282716}
UFO Sighting in Morongo Valley

VERY FAR AWAY AND HARD TO SEE - LOOK FOR THE SMALL WHITE DOT

I was on a trip to LA with some buddies of mine when we passed through Morongo valley and I spotted this object. It looked flat but was very far in the distance so it was hard to tell anything about it. It was so bright out in that direction that I remember not even being able to see clearly but I knew something was there so i grabbed my i phone and recorded it. My friends all saw it too but they’re used to me pointing out dots and stars in the sky so they didn't really care lol. Honestly, I didn't even think anything of it myself until I looked at the footage when we came back from our trip and saw that the object had zoomed off at what looked like supersonic speeds. I'm no expert but i've never seen an aircraft move so fast besides my vehicle before... I've driven side by side blue angels and other incredibly fast jets, but they never zoomed off like this - and especially with the distance at which the object is compared to me, I feel like it would have to travel at insane speeds to get out of my frame that fast?? I've thought a-lot about what it could have been, maybe a glare or reflection from my lens? I don't think it's any sort of glare against the car window though because I had the window down while filming. I also don't think it's a glare because i've gone through it frame by frame and it looks as though it disappears behind the trees and trucks before re-appearing from behind them; if it was a glare then it would remain on top of the trees and truck in the footage right? Anyways, like I said, I'm not an expert - just a curious kid that got some footage and wants some feedback on it if there's any professionals that are willing to take a look - Thank you

Btw this footage was shot on June 4th at 12:06 PM
