{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98255","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5462716.json","updb_database_id":5462716}
A slow moving ball of light that came to halt 20ft in front of me and shot off like a comet !

A little late on reporting something that happened 40 years ago, but then I had no idea who you would report it to, and perhaps more so.... who would believe it anyway. So my experience. Well as I say.... it happened some 40 years ago when I was working a night shift on security. I can not say exactly where I was for security reasons. Which is a shame really because I believe it has serious relevance. 
It was a bitter cold night with the ground covered in ice, and the sky was very clear. I was walking from one building to another as my job routine. While walking I noticed a light in the air flying very low and head towards me from a north eastern angle. My first and obvious thought was of course... helicopter ! 
There was something that was a little odd though. First was the fact... one single white light. Then I conceded that it was now getting very close and heading more or less straight for me.
I thought that I should be able to hear the thing by now. You could have heard a pin drop in these early hours and it was very still with zero wind. 
It intrigued me enough to stop me in my tracks for me to observe.
It came towards me slowly, at around maybe 10mph. By the time it got to within around 50 feet away from me, I knew I was seeing something beyond the ordinary. It was just a round light. It did not flicker or do anything strange at all... just a light. It came to a complete halt right in front of me, directly hovering in total stillness over the roof of the building. 
As I had just walked over a dirt track hill, and I was still on the hill, the light had come to a stop just maybe about 8ft above eye level and about 20 feet in front of me. I could have hit it with a brick with ease. I was frozen to the spot... almost literally, as it was well below freezing too. While it sat there above the roof .... it was about the size of a basket ball.... was when I noticed something that confirmed what I kind of already knew and expected. Beyond the building was hills with a few trees ect and I could still see them. This was conformation that the light was not attached to anything. It was what it was... a ball of light ! 
I was about to move closer..... my foot lifted for my first step.... wow ! It was as if it detected my movement in an instant. It shot of as fast as light. No noise no fuss. It looked for all the world like a comet. If anyone saw it at that moment, I know for a fact that would have thought it was a comet. I did not like the experience one bit. 40 years ago and I still remember it as if it happened yesterday. 
One fact remains.... we are being visited and that is a simple fact.
I might not have seen a flying saucer or little green men but it matters not.... I saw more than enough. For 40 years I have thought the same thing, that if I know.... I am dam sure the government and even our scientists must surely know.
Why in God1s name are we looking for them ? They must see us in just about the same way we look at monkeys ect. I was scared and worried the night I saw it and I am no different 40 years on. My interest in the stars and galaxys has grown hugely of course. 
I1ve read of a number of sightings of these balls of light over the years. Including our own mod chasing one around some woods. There description of what they were chasing was identical to what I saw. 
Anyway... that1s my story. Not very startling it seems, compared to most stories I have read about, but at least my story is a simple fact. 
I am that certain of what I witnessed that nothing or nobody could come even close to convincing me it was any kind of light trick or anything else. They clearly exist and that1s it.
