{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-01 19:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40007","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2680,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5517716.json","updb_database_id":5517716}
{ck} Star-like, yellow-orange glowing object in western sky, traveled in straight line to southeastern sky in 4 minutes.

On Sunday, July 1, 2012 at 7:54pm HST, while working as a Security Officer, I was on foot-patrol outside when I rounded a corner and noticed a bright star-like object in the western sky. At first I thought it was the planet Venus, until I watched it move in a southeasterly direction. This object had no blinking lights; only an orange-like glow. There is a power-plant and some other machinery running at the job-site. Normally, I would be able to hear other aircraft, such as helicopters, passing by. This particular object did not make any sound. It was difficult to judge the altitude of the object, and I could not make out any solid surface, as it was already dark. It was a very clear night; hardly any clouds. Less than a minute after initially spotting the object, I text-messaged my wife on my mobile phone to look for the object in the western sky. She was driving on the road at the time, with our three children, in the same town. She replied back that she could not see anything. When the object reached the southern sky, I told my wife to now look up and into the southern sky. She replied that she could now see the object. I continued to watch the object travel in a straight path until I could no longer see it in the southeastern sky. I glanced at my watch, and it was 7:58pm.

I then wondered what the object could have been. I thought that it could not have been an airplane or a helicopter, because I would have seen blinking lights or heard the engine running. I thought that it could not have been a weather balloon, because there is no way a weather balloon can travel from the western sky to the southeastern sky in four minutes. I thought that it was most-likely a satellite, but the object seemed too bright and to low of an altitude. It was difficult to judge the altitude of the object, but I would have to say that it was at an altitude where airplanes fly, and not in outer space. I am very curious and would like to know what this object was.
