{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-30 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111614","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3734,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5291716.json","updb_database_id":5291716}
Craft with 3 white lights

My girlfriend and I were on our way home from Monterey and when we were about 45 minutes from getting home a craft comes out of now where at an altitude of 150ft or so. It was just slightly visible above the trees along the highway and I thought by the speed and angle it was coming down at I said to my girlfriend “ that is going to be bad..I was sure it was probably coming in for a crash landing and it had the wing span of a 737.. it was only a second or so when I seen it coming but I only seen the lights and no structure. I didnt realize that it was a ufo until about 15 seconds later when it shot out from behind the tree line the same way it came in but at twice the speed it came in. I was in the Navy and worked with f/18 super hornets and I can say with confidence that when it came down at when I first saw it it was going around 220 mph, when it shot out from behind those trees it was going around 370 mph. That was when I realized it was a ufo. After it shot out from behind the trees it started flying beside my vehicle passing over the top of us and the side as well. It did that in a playfull manner it was no more than 150 ft away when it flew along my driver side. But I got as close as 40 ft or so from it at one point. Then it would take off really fast and in 20 seconds time be 5 to 8 miles away. It had white lights on it 3 to be exact, they were bright but didn’t hurt my eyes to look directly at them. I couldn’t see what any thing else but the 3 white lights, it was definitely cloaked and it would at times do this strange maneuver where it would go almost 90 degrees right with a descent and level back out, when it did that the lights would change to a slight orange and get brighter as if they were the propulsion, they were always spaced evenly apart as if they were 3 separate craft, the middle light being slightly in front of the outer 2 at all times. The craft also came in our direction at an incredibly high rate of speed then stopped instantly then got as close as 40 ft or so on the passenger side of my car, went over the top of us and was a mere 30 feet above us. It was amazing. We pulled over and then I started takin video too. Days later when reviewing the videos that’s when I noticed the entity .. when we pulled over and I recorded some video that’s when I noticed the entity on the video.
