{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-04-17 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77237","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3109,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5482716.json","updb_database_id":5482716}
{rjl} I saw strang lights 1st over the road then the lake on my way to work.

I am a trained observer. Several of my jobs have required me to be a trained observer. In addition to working 7 years in law enforcement I have worked for the federal government for 14 years. Since I am still active in the government I do not wish to have my name used.

It was April 17, 2005 and I was on my way to work around 5:30am. I had been traveling this route to work for about 8 months now. I turned south onto Shaver road from Osterhout. Sugarloaf Lake was just a few hundred yards in front of me. The road by the lake was unusually thick with fog and I could see a red and white strobe light in the road. I figured there must have been an accident due to the heavy fog. As I got closer the lights vanished. 

As I drove through the fog, the fog seemed different, almost like steam. Since I could no longer see the lights, I slowed as I didn1t want to run off the road or into the fire truck. I decided to put my windows down to listen and that1s when the hair on my neck began to stand up. There was not a single sound other than my car, not a bird, cricket or anything. It was a scene right out of the movies. 

As I passed the lake I noticed the lights again on my right. They seemed to be out in the water about 20 feet off the ground and maybe 30 or 40 feet long. The fog was so thick I didn1t see what the lights were attached to. They were a series of strobe type lights, one red then several white that went from right to left. As I went another seventy five yards the fog was gone and so were the lights; everything seemed to have vanished. I turned onto the highway and looked to my right and I could see part of the lake. It was clear, there was no fog and it was completely empty. I stopped going that way at that point and began taking a different route.

I have no idea what the lights went to. One might speculate they were from a UFO, but I did not see a craft through the fog, only the lights. I went back that way a few more time over the next few days trying to figure out what I saw. To this day I have no clue.  I told my wife and a few coworkers about the incident that day.

Back in 2009 I was flipping through the channels watching a show on UFO1s. They were creating a computer generated recreation of an incident observed by several law enforcement officers in Illinois. I was absolutely shocked when they had the craft turn and I again saw the exact same configuration of lights I saw back in 2005.
