{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-06-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81405","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2273,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5478716.json","updb_database_id":5478716}
very large and bright star-like, hovered above the 80ft. trees and cast a moving , swirling mist in a triangle configuration.

My friend and I lived in a cabin while building fences for a ranch and were sitting around a fire at night discussing spiritual aspects of humanity, like linear time versus the moment, we had recently thrown out all clocks and watches and were honing the use of natural time and being in the right place at the right time. I began to speak with authority about things I knew nothing about, like sayings that did not make a lot of sense. almost circular and metaphorically. "If a man leaves as an army he shall return as an army" like what is that? So then I stopped mid sentence and said to my friend I do not know this stuff, where is it coming from.
That was when my friend pointed behind me and said, what is that? I got up and looked around the corner of the wood shed and there it was just quietly sitting there, extremely bright like a mini sun and it lit up the whole back of the yard area and tree line. As I approached it within a hundred ft or so there was a slow swirling mist that was present below it in the shape of a triangle or tree shape. I did not know what it was but it had a profound impact on me. There was a sensation of multiple CDs of information downloading into my brain with flashes of light and pictures of people and places I know not. there was no fear on my part but my friend left and stayed in the barn to watch from there. This entity was present for maybe 6-7 hrs maybe more I do not know. There was a definite 3 way link to Venus and when the morning star dropped over the western horizon in the am it was simply gone.
