{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-05-01 16:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5491716.json","updb_database_id":5491716}
In 1978 leaving my high school alone and walking through the big parking lot, it was sunny but a shadow above my head was folloing me

Back in 1978, in the city of Gatineau (QC) - Canada - close to the end of the school year, I left the school about a half hour after everyone was gone home. I was going across the big parking lot, and suddently I noticed a shadow in front of me. I walk slowly, shadow also. I stop the shadow stopped also. I was a bit scared of what was right over me, and saw a UFO had no sound, but all the bottom surface was pulsing every 3 seconds from bright like the sun to black charcoal. The moment I saw the object, I was totally paralyzed physically A|ND they disabled my motor skills (thoughts) trying to get me into their craft or something. Got scared and ran non-stop, never looked behind until I got home. Parents did not believe, so I called a friend to tell him what happened, and every time I wanted to say words like UFO, pulsing, paralyzed ect... my phone was making so much noise he could NOT hear anything. Tried to call him back twice, my phone was dead.  Starting the day after, a guy with his car asked me to hop in so he would bring me home. I said no my home is the 4th house I do not need a lift. For 5 days he was wearing different kind of people, one day he was a business man with an black expensive car, I ran away again, the time after he had a cowboy hat with a regular old car and I ran away, the time after he was disguised in something else always with a different type and color of cars. His last request was that I had to hop in his car because he had something important to tell me and I ran away again, so he drove straight to the corner of the street (2 houses away) THEN I SAW THAT HE VANISHED in thin air like he was never there.... After other things happened to me on a regular basis. I am sure that it started from childhood because IF I see a picture of an alien, I CANNOT LOOK AT THE EYES for some unknown reasons I get scared that they will come back if I look at their eyes, it terrifies me. I saw a man wearing long black coat (1981) in the parking lot of 2 apartment building coming back from a friend about 9:00 pm (summer) there was absolutely NOTHING around me, no car and no people. He had a black hat (like the 1950 high hat) he was staring at me and |I passed him by walking further and I noticed he had NO FEET. He was floating and turned on himself to watch me. He did not look like a human, his face was white-greyish look, no har, and then I freaked out when I saw his smile.... His teeth were like 2 big chain saw together. Since the past 3 years, I found out that if I sleep with the Holy Bible and I feel protected. To show you how it did work for me, last year I was attacked in my bed, it was like they were trying to bring me with them, then, in my spirit (my heart and soul) I said in my head " Jesus is my God foreiver " repeated 4 times at least, then I was pushed into my bed with violence. Now I have no fear, and I know I can help people. (for saying Jesus is my God, it simply tells me that the UFO people are the corrupted angels that was cast in hell. and now I believe it is becoming a lot more serious. I wound out that both UFO and evil spirits are the SAME, and I believe that they are trying to gather as much as many souls they can have to bring with them at the end of the world. I know it sound " stupid " but I had a lifetime with them all. In the Holy Bible it say God created the earth, water, animals and the HUMAN (man and woman) NOT AN UGLY LOOKING UFO ENTITY. IF you are feeling that you are under attack (ex paralysis, ect) say in your mind quickly that Jesus is my God few times, I guaranty you, they will stay away.      I hope this info was and going to be very informative and at last, we know what they want.  WE will not surrender.  From a friend.
