{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-12-16 15:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8632","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2970,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5548716.json","updb_database_id":5548716}
unexplained object photographed over city of cluj napoca, romania

I am an amateur photographer. I've been taking photographs seriously for 20 years and was attempting to photograph a view of the city with the snow on the rooftops. I normally use a tripod but inadvertantly left it at home. I took a shot from a elevated location above the city looking south-east. I then repeated the shot as I felt I hadn't leveled the horizon adequately. The 2 shots were taken 16 seconds apart, hand held at 1/13 of a second on a canon eos300d digital camera. It wasn't until I got home and uploaded the images onto my computer that I saw the object. I normally adjust coulour, contrast and remove any dust spots at this stage. I enlarged the image to 100% and was surprised at seeing a strange shape above the distant buildings. It's not a dust spot. I have a lot of experience removing dust spots and this isn't one. It wasn't a speck on the lens as it wasn't present in the preceding or following images. It's not like any bird I've ever photographed. There's no detail to it. Also the way the light reflects is lightest on top and the right, and shaded on the bottom and left consistent with the position of the sun and lightest part of the sky. It was mid afternoon in winter, the sun, the light source was in the clouds out of frame to the right. On enlarging the object it appears cigar or oval shaped with no hard lines. By the contrasts of light and dark compared with those on the ground, given that it's a hazy winter day, it appears to be over the far side of the city. If it were a bird nearer the camera it would be darker and have more shape. Also about 5-10 minutes after the shot was taken an aircraft operated by Romanian airline Carpatair landed at the local airport aproaching from the right and landing to the left on a flightpath that took it over the center of the scene and through where the object was moments before. I would be interested to know if they or the airport saw anything. I don't know if it was a 'spaceship' but it is definitely unidentified and unexplainable.
