{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-07-01 23:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2583,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5467716.json","updb_database_id":5467716}
Unknown craft hovered over small bridge that we had to cross at approx 100 feet

Approx 1978 I was driving our carpool home from OAK RIDGE K25 facility when I spotted a very bright light meandering about the countryside as we headed down a hill toward the lake. (Unitia) I said look at the lights on that jeep! Then we could see a bit of horizon beneath the craft and I said "I guess that's a helicopter. Minutes later as we came to level ground about the lake area near a bridge, the road straightened out toward a small bridge. Looming ahead, approx 200 yards was a bright light hovering approx 100 feet above the bridge, I nervously said, I guess I should dim my lights. No one answered as I drove very slowly forward to the bridge. This I should have mentioned was about 23:25 hours EST. When I arrived almost to the bridge, the object had not moved, there was no sound at all. All anyone said was what is that...I did not know what to do, I drove onto the bridge and we all looked up at this thing, but from beneath we could see nothing of shape, I remember that it seemed to absorb all the light, as it was like looking into a black hole. Still no-one is speaking, we sit beneath this thing hearing nothing and it not moving at all. I finally drove forward from beneath this craft and we stop to look back at it again. It has yet to move or reveal anything about it's shape. While we were watching, it suddenly started to move perfectly vertical to an elevation I would guess as 500 feet and then rapidly raced toward the Southeast. It looked like a white ribbon stretched across the sky for the split second it took to move. It was that fast! The last time I saw one of the men with me, I mentioned it and he said he did not want to remember it or talk about it. I will point out although I do not think it relevant that all four of us had top secret clearances at the K25 Plant. This event changed a lot of how I think about things today. I wished sometimes that it never happened.
