{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-28 17:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495716","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2479,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/716/mufon-5495716.json","updb_database_id":5495716}
Cylindrical object moved slowly past Venus.

I decided to look at Venus as it was very bright. I have a Pulsar Recon 550 night scope and I am an active observer of the night sky. I live on a farm and have very little light pollution. I opened the window and looked out and noticed an object beside Venus. I watched the object for a short while and then got my binoculars. I could not see the object with the binoculars. I rushed and got my recording equipment hooked up to my scope to record the thing. The wind was gusting up to 60mph and heading in a SW direction, directly towards me. I hung out of my window and filmed it for approx 4 mins. It moved slowly from one side of Venus to the other. Clouds passed at about 4 mins and then the object just vanished. None of this was visible to the naked eye. I did not have my IR illuminator on. Some have suggested it is lens flare. I have filmed bright objects like Venus, Jupiter and the Moon and not got lens flare before. I was not shooting through a window. It was open and to the right of me. The actual gap I had to film was only 6 inches, so I was unable to move either side much. It was very windy and the wind was blowing in my face quite a bit.

Later when I went to bed, I heard a buzzing sound. I thought it was the wind vibrating off something, but it has never done it before and we are in a very windy location. No one else could hear the buzzing sound. I was still able to hear it even wearing ear plugs. The following day, I felt very weird and fuzzy in the head. I could not think straight and kept forgetting where I'd put things. I also had an overwhelming urge to debunk what I had witnessed the previous night.
