{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-31 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529480","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26042","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3288,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/480/mufon-5529480.json","updb_database_id":5529480}
My daughter phoned me to go outside to see a bright light which she could not identify.

On July 31 2010 my daughter was returning from an errand when she saw a bright light slowly drifting towards our home on Dover Center Rd in Westlake, Ohio from the south moving north. She phoned me and told me to go outside and see if I could see the light in the sky. I did and and saw a extremely bright white light slowly moving right towards our house. The light on the object was so bright that it actually projected a beam of light in front of it. It was hard to discern a shape other than a round sphere. There was absolutely no sound or flashing lights. The light was fairly low in altitude and I strained to try to understand what I was seeing. My daughter arrived within 20 secs. After she had called me and we both stood there in amazement. Cars continued down Dover Center which is a fairly busy north south road with no one seemingly taking notice. I went in the house and got my digital camera and binoculars and ran back out. I told my daughter to start taking pictures and I looked through the binoculars. To my astonishment I saw that the bright white light was actually 5 lights in the shape of an X and I saw a faint triangular outline around the lights. At this point I couldn't believe my eyes because the object released a stream of what I call ejecta. This ejecta appeared to be a golden brown line coming straight down out of the lights. On either side of this stream sparks jumped out on both sides, it was crazy. My daughter saw the same thing without even using the binoculars. The object passed behind a large tree out of sight. We jumped into her car which was still running and headed north in the direction it was heading. When we got to a clearing about 1/4 mi. down the road we couldn't find it anywhere. We drove around for about 15 mins. figuring we'd surely hear some sirens or commotion because of the ejecta falling on something or someone. Again nothing.My daughter and I went back home because she wanted to tell her boyfriend what happened. I got in my car and drove around in Bay Village until I flagged down a police officer and told him what I saw and asked if he had heard any thing over his radio. He told me that he had not. Two days later I went to the Westlake police dept. and asked them if anyone had reported lights Friday night and was informed no one had . Unfortunately, the digital pictures we had taken only showed a red dot with a black background because at the time it was too far away. Although this happened a few months ago this is still intriguing us and we wanted to share our story with someone who may have experienced the same type of encounter.
