{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517480","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/480/mufon-5517480.json","updb_database_id":5517480}
Red/orange glowing triangular in-shape some flying in a pattern, some from different directions and stationary some very fast some slow

I was watching TV, a few of my family members were watcthing locals blow off fireworks in West Babylon, New York. They suddenly started calling me to come outside when I yelled back "why", I was told that they were seeing UFOs and wanted me to tell them what they were. I immediatley got up with the intent to debunk and explain whatever they were claiming was a UFO. I have a fascination with aircraft and have travelled extensively for 25 years for work. I can identify many aircraft make and models during thier approach to our airports.

When I walked to the front of the house they pointed out several objects in different areas. first a hovering staionary blinking object, and several moving blinking objects. several heading heading easterly, one westerly and two north easterly. At first glance I assumed the stationary one was a helicopter and the others were aircraft. I agreed they all looked similar to each other. The more I watched, the more unlike our typical aircraft they seemed. My watching family (6 of us) all agreed. Thier speed was either too slow or too fast, a few changed direction abruptly and they all at some point seemed to disapear ( most not from distance or horizon). My next assumption was that they were either local helicopters in the area to film shows going on, or they were perhaps chinese lanterns people may have sent up. As I continued to watch, things became stranger and stranger. the stationary one began to move North Easterly, then sped up way too fast for an airplane, and the just winked out ...gone! severel others I watched seemed to fade from view due to height and distance, but some simply were there clearly and then not. I then began to think this is crazy , this cannot be possible they clearly were not any type of typical aircraft, they were not balloons nor Chinese laterns. My only guess at this point was that a company must have developed a new type of fire work, perhaps called the UFO that would give an appearance and illusion of a flying glowing craft. we stood watching them appearing and disapearing for about an hour. We were all amazed, and I actually was a littled scared as well. During the hour and fifteen minutes or so of watching them we must have seen at least 20 appearing to come into our view from different directions some appeared to be moving at the same altitude and some appeared to ascend. Most moved at a slow even pace, a few changed thier direction and then sped up very fast and/or winked out. During the last fifteen minutes I saw what I feel was most convincing to me that they were either a new type of fireworks or something totally alien. 6-7 objects 1 at a time came into my view, just appearing at about 45 degrees on the horizon from southwest travelling at a very slow pace in the northeast direction. only one came into view at a time and the all travelled the exact same pattern and the exact same speed. I lined my sight up with the local power lines, they each seemed to follow almost an exact course as the previous one . They seemed to me to be perhaps 1 to a few thousand feet when they came into view and perhaps 10,000 feet when they faded from view. They were glowing a reddish orange and were close enough that we all agreed they were triangular in shape. We also agreed that they had appendages, I heard one of us say they were like offset star shaped. For myself it was difficult to see thier exact configuration, but every couple of looks I would see appendages shaped like a stick figure of a pine tree or a chevron shaped into a triangle. of the 6-7 last ones I watched 2 or 3 of them seemed to just fly out of view the others seemed to just wink out during the last 1/3 of thier flight. Today 07/06/12 I went on the net and have seen that others have made very similar sightings to ours.
