{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-27 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518480","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38681","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5074,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/480/mufon-5518480.json","updb_database_id":5518480}
7 flying discs with predominantly bright orange lights (with a hint of red glow) over Lake Wylie in Belmont, NC (by Charlotte International Airport)

I was with my wife, two sons (ages 14 and 13) and Daughter (age 9) fishing from my Friends pier on Lake Wylie. This is the NC side of Lake Wylie, in Belmont, NC. My Daughter told us all to look up. There was a bright light (like a high powered flood light) that was predominately orange with a hint of red glow. The object was hovering around 500 feet and was 1,000 feet out. This object slowly began to move in a vertical direction and disappeared at a high altitude. A couple of minutes later, another object descended from a high altitude (from the direction of EAST Mecklenburg County) and was followed by 5 other objects. All objects had the same color and size. They all hovered at the SAME altitude and were in a LOOSE formation, spread apart in substantial distances. All objects then broke formation and went in different directions. One of the objects maneuvered to the west, towards our direction. My oldest son began taking pictures. This object continued to slowly move towards us until it was 500 feet away and roughly 500 feet altitude. This object hovered for a couple of minutes with its lights on. While the lights were on, the shape, size and color of the crafts structure could not be estimated. However, the light slowly faded and to our utter amazement, there was a solid, deep black DISC shaped object hovering and spinning like a top. This object then proceeded to maneuver to the south, towards the Duke Energy Allen Steam station, which is about a 1/2 mile to a mile south (parallel to the dock we were fishing from). We were SHOCKED, EXCITED, and VERY CONCERNED. My wife used to always roll her eyes when I talk about UFOs. She has a different outlook now. This was a truly amazing event we witnessed and the craft performed maneuvers that are not known to be performed by aircraft in todays society. I think this is either a well kept secret project or something not of this earth! I am leaning on the latter thought! Also, these craft seemed to "swoop down" from space or a very high altitude. Back to the sighting...this particular object spinned in a counter clockwise direction while hovering AND continued to spin when moving in a straight path towards the Steam Station. The object appeared to be observing Lake Wylie and Allen Steam Station. The object had NO noise whatsoever. The outside lighting conditions were when the sun was setting and nighttime was a few minutes from taking place. 
The other objects (which were farther out) appeared to be observing the Charlotte Airport and the other parts of Lake Wylie. 
I am a Navy Veteran, discharged with honors. My MOS in the Navy was with Radar, Air Intercept Operations and aircraft warfare. I am employed as a Project Manager with a Mechanical Engineering Firm. I have been with the same Company for 15 and a half years. As of this writing, I am still employed with the same company (which is established). This is not the first instance that I (and my Family-multiple witnesses)have observed UFOs in the Lake Wylie and Belmont area. I have seen a Triangle back in May 2005 and also saw these disc shaped objects on separate occasion the past few months. I have pictures and video on my iPhone! I will submit to a Polygraph test and I am open to answer any questions. I am very interested in the UFO Phenomenon since I experienced these in the past, dating back to the Military. This area seems to be a definite hotspot and should be a trove of data for an investigator to look into. I will help in any way to answer questions, show the sighting location or anything else! Thanks for your time and please call me any time, if you have questions, etc. On a closing note...I am VERY concerned about these objects interfering with the takeoff and landing patterns for the commercial/private aircraft using the Charlotte Airport. I have a video from last April, which clearly shows one of these objects hovering and a commercial airplane having to take evasive action (or at least this appeared so from my angle of view) while taking off to avoid this object. There HAS to be some pilots/Air Controllers that have knowledge of this. Thanks for any help with finding some answers to this.
Best regards, 

A CONCERNED CITIZEN
Note: I have the photos and video on my iPhone. I can personally provide this to an Investigator or can email this.
