{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-20 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478480","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81651","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/480/mufon-5478480.json","updb_database_id":5478480}
NOTICED AVERY BRIGHT 5 POINTED STAR LIKE LIGHT WHILE WALKING TO MY HOUSE

Iwas walking fom my shop to the house when I couldn't help but notice a very bright star shaped white light above the mountains in the wws direction. I called my wife out for the viewing, and said she already seen this light approx 2o mins before I did.This light was not travelling like you would see a satelite travel. It seemed quite stationary, and I grabbed my bins to have a better visual. This light under 40x magnification had an orange coloured core, but was moving up,down, left,right,and in an extremely erratic movement,but also in a very discernable pattern where it was not blurred or distorted while watching through the bins. I had my wife watch through the bins and she confirmed that what ever this was, was moving extremely fast, but yet not out all over. The pattern it displayed seemed to have it's boundries, and towards the last visual, the orange lighted core changed to a very bright light (almost blue) with a long tapered tail and it's movement became faster again. It was almost as if whatever was up there, was sending some kind of signal, as none of it's movements were repititious, but did seem to have a purposefull pattern.When this object(?)disappeared behind the mt.Proctor range, the whole mountain ridge was illuminated. After it's disappearance, I immediatly called relatives in the west kootenays to tell them what I seen, and please verify a visual. There part of the country was heavily fogged in.
My wife had told me that about 15 to 20 mins. before I spotted the light, that she heard what sounded lke a low flying aircraft, but the sound ended very abrubtly, and that is when she noticed this bright star shaped light as well. I have lived at this residencey since 1968, and have witnessed many things in the skys over the Elk Valley, but never nothing this bizare.
