{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-04 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490480","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69105","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/480/mufon-5490480.json","updb_database_id":5490480}
{nd} 2 witnesses to a 75 ft. Triangular shaped hovering, silent craft, bright lights, for 10 mins.

I was at a friend's home approx 15 miles away from my home town, Marengo. He was bringing me back to Marengo after watching a movie that evening. (We were 100% sober). We had almost reached Hwy 6, we were traveling north. I noticed an extremely bright, glowing stationary light ( blue-ish white) in the western sky. I said, "Is that that bright planet? It seems lower and brighter." He replied that the planet Venus, was further to the right of the bright light, or north, and I saw the planet then. He said, "Well, it has to be a plane then, or a new tower light or something." I knew there were no towers in that area, and we had seen a few planes earlier, since we are near the Cedar Rapids airport. We reached US Hwy 6, stopped at stop sign, and turned left (west) onto Hwy 6 towards Marengo, & towards the object. It's 4 miles to Marengo and our turn into town, going north, at the Ampride Gas Station. As we drove, we rolled down our windows, drove slowly, about 45mph, and never took our eyes off the hovering light. As we neared the object, it stayed stationary, approx 25 ft off the hwy from us, hovering over a cornfield( which had not been planted yet) about 75 feet in the air. The object was triangular in shape, a solid black color, with criss crossing, almost fluorescent looking bar shaped lights all across the bottom of the entire craft, mainly white and bright blue. We were in absolute shock. We had to turn right, off the hwy, to head into town. We instead turned around in the Ampride drive to keep observing it. Just as we did that and were going to go back the way we came to keep watching it, it suddenly started moving slowly east, but steadily. It looked huge, and it was just gone. We started driving into Marengo and I turned to the right, looking east, to see if I could spot it. it was hovering 4 miles away near the highway intersection, exactly where we had turned west onto Hwy 6. It went 4 miles in approximately 2 seconds! We just stated at each other, basically in shock. I have always been a believer, and have had a few incidents in my 50 years of life. But my friend, who is a sports editor, photographer for the [ga], and has been for over 30 years, had never really truly believed in UFOS, aliens, etc.... And he takes his camera with him everywhere, but for some reason, forgot it. He called the [ga] station, they didn't see it but thought it was very cool. We bring it up in conversation frequently, if not daily. We were almost directly under it. I've never seen anything like it in my life...there was no noise, and the speed of it was nothing of this earth. It went from hovering near the highway with bright lights, noiseless, to hovering again directly east, 4 miles away, in under 2 seconds. We will never forget it. Def a UFO.
