{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-01 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102769","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2805,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5458758.json","updb_database_id":5458758}
{cak} Update to Report 44673

In 2012 I reported seeing a triangle UFO. I had trouble nailing down distance/height. Now, I have more clarity. I was stopped at an intersection where the sky was wide and unobstructed. A white light was approaching from the west in the distance. It had no red/green lights. I drove slowly trying to maintain view of it through trees and, in a few minutes, the craft passed over the road at a distance of about 75 feet in front of me and was less than 100 feet high (I was on the crest of a slight hill). Its length was the width of the road. It had an angular canopy and inside I saw the silhouette (shoulders & head) of a pilot looking straight ahead, wearing an "air force cap". The craft moved so slowly you could jog under it and keep up. I immediately pulled over and watched it flying over a large field of beaten down yellow grass, headed toward a mountain about 1/2 mile distant. It was an unobstructed view of the rear and undercarriage as it slowly flew away and I saw a faint glow on the grass as the 5 large dim white lights (with a tiny red light near the center of the craft) flew at about 100 feet height. Even though it was very dark in December at 6:30 pm, I saw a clear view of this wide field as if there was a bright moon. There was a tree line on the craft's left side as it flew East. This occurred on a two-lane road that I drive every day. I was parked about 25 feet from the turn into my development. Recalling the sighting, recently I tried to FIND that view. The field did not and does not exist. The actual view was and is a thick forest of tall trees and underbrush which conceals a train track, a creek and the nearby mountain. But none of those can be seen from where I watched it fly over a big open field that had NO creek or train tracks. I believe this craft controlled my thoughts and made me see a scene that did not exist. The fact I did not know that the scene did not exist is alarming. I never gave it a second thought that I watched it fly over an open field. Who can do that? I saw no markings on the craft. I have since noted one other Mufon report of five white lights under a triangle craft. All others report three white lights.
