{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-08-01 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2385,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5493758.json","updb_database_id":5493758}
Saw close to road travelling on-pulled over onto side of road. Within 50 fit of object--was big. Opened window-heard humming,saw so many lights. Hovered there -not sure how long. It took off and went over a farmhouse and disappered.saw again at 3am.

I was driving another person home after a party. Was not drinking as I was pregnant. The time was approximately 1:30 am. I saw this circular shaped object with many lights on it. I was pointing to it saying look, look. What is it? I pulled the vehicle over, shut the engine off and opened the window. It was so close I felt like I could touch it. It was so big, circular, it hummed very quietly and there were so many lights on it. I was in awe. We sat there for quite awhile and watched this object. It seemed to be looking at us also. It seemed to be there for quite awhile--probably few minutes. But the time frame seems to be lost. All of a sudden it quietly and quickly went in a straight line towards a farmhouse. As it came to the farmhouse it went over it and then disappeared. My heart was racing and asked the person who was with me about it. They did not want to believe it was a UFO--said it was a satellite or something. I continued on way home but could not sleep. At 3 am I looked out my kitchen window and over the bush behind my house I saw the same object again. It hovered and then disappeared over the bush. My heart was racing again. Wondering why I had seen this and why it came to me again. Was it targeting me? The news report the next day said that a satellite had fallen the night before. But the time they said was a hour earlier. I did not believe it was a satellite especially since I saw it twice in one night. Another person I know saw the same thing and she lived about 20 minutes away from me at the time.
