{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-01-01 05:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3530,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5501758.json","updb_database_id":5501758}
{rjl} 25 people reported this to the sheriffs office, I heard on the radio a couple hours later, after I SAW IT!

I saw a saucer descend and hover right by our house over the pasture. I was laying in bed looking out the window, and I saw a descending BRIGHT streak of light. I got on my knees to look out the window from my second story bedroom. I saw a saucer shaped object just coming to a stop and hover. It was completely surrounded and covered with energy or electricity. It appeared to be cooling, and dripping electricity or plasma or something very damn odd..It reminded me of the light that an electric metal welder
would produce. It was extremely bright and difficult to look at..It did have a saucer shape, but completely encapsulated and surrounded in energy..I heard nothing cause it was cold and the window was closed..It hovered for MAYBE 20 seconds. It then started to head west. It took off slowly, but quickly accelerated to AT LEAST 100mph. It was going faster than that when it descended..It came to a very fast stop. THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO WAY THIS WAS MADE BY ANYBODY ON THIS PLANET!! It scared me so bad I slept with my window covered for years. I GET GOOSE BUMPS INSTANTLY WHEN TALKING ABOUT IT. It was on the radio a couple hours later(7:00am), when I was getting ready for school. The local radio station reported that the sheriff's office had 25(or so)reports of an UFO around 5:30. I had told my parents..I ran into their room freaking out, and had woke them up. WHEN IT WAS ON THE RADIO I WENT HYSTERICAL WITH THEM...They had been mad at me and dismissed me a couple hours earlier..I also saw something 2 more times in the next several years. I was able to show my mother one sighting. I never reported anything. I went to school with the present sheriff's wife, and have thought of asking him about it..They must have a record..At least 25 other people saw it and reported it. Im sure some are dead by now.But the ones alive will surely remember it if they reported it to the sheriff. We are honest agriculture based people here, and if 25 people reported, I AM NOT CRAZY..LOL :-) I believe there was alot of activity here from the mid 80's to the mid 90's..I have another VERY interesting story from around 1991..I know what I saw. IT IS ETCHED INTO MY MIND..I know we are not alone as they say..This has affected me so much, I am glad to hopefully tell somebody that is actively trying to tell the truth.. I am not pitching for a job here, but if you need any help in my area of the country, this has been bothering me FOR YEARS..And I would jump at the chance to hear other peoples accounts of such happenings..I know what I saw, and I KNOW they exhist because of what I have seen. It tears at my Christian upbringing constantly..I know some time has passed..But it DID happen, and it evenade the local radio within 2 hours..There must be some paperwork on this even after these elapsed years..
THANK YOU,
