{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-03 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5497758.json","updb_database_id":5497758}
Huge light over the ocean

We were on a cruise ship in the Western Caribbean and had sailed around the Southern tip of Cuba earlier that day from East to West. Before the sun set that evening I noticed that we were no longer within sight of land. Late that night, probably 1am or later I went out on to the balcony. There were stars in the sky but, it was a dark night and I couldn't tell where the ocean and sky met. All of the sudden I observed a very bright, very, very large light on the horizon off of the bow of the ship on the starboard side. The light was not close but off on the horizon. If flashed like an explosion and was huge lighting up most of the horizon. It brightened up for a few seconds and then dimmed down for a few seconds. The whole event was about ten seconds. There was no sound whatsoever that I could hear. The light was totally orange and seemed to disappear under the water, although that could have been an optical illusion. 

I went back into the cabin and turned on the TV to see what our location was. The television in our cabin indicated that we were over a deep ocean trench on our way to Grand Cayman. If there were other witnesses I wouldn't know about it although I suspect that the crew on the navigation deck probably saw it as it was in front of the ship.  

I cannot be certain of the hour. I was sleeping and woke up and wanted to go outside on the balcony for a while. I didn't take a watch and had no way to see what time it was. 

Earlier in the evening, as the sun went down I was sitting on the balcony watching the sun set and a passenger jet at high altitude go by. I observed a very fast aircraft go by at high altitude. It seemed to me to be a conventional aircraft as it flew in a straight line but, the speed was astounding compared to the passenger jet that was also in the sky. I have no reason to assume that it had anything to do with the aforementioned event involving the bright light on the horizon.
