{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53084","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2567,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5505758.json","updb_database_id":5505758}
{rjl} We went outside at 12 to watch the New Years fireworks. We saw a succession of at least 19 orange pulsing orbs slowly move from S to SE, hovering, changing positions, ascending, disappearing into the snowy sky.

We went out to our backyard to watch the New Years Fest fireworks; we live less than 2 miles from the downtown of Kalamazoo; it was about 15 degrees temperature and snowing steadily. I became aware of 5-6 orange pulsing orbs moving into view from the south, hovering over the trees between us and the downtown area. We raced out into the field behind our house to see more clearly. The orbs, in turn, gradually seemed to go up and disappear into the low clouds and snow; meanwhile we became aware of another orb slowly coming from the same area of the south, and then another, and another, all following approximately the same path, from the S to the SE, hovering in the same general area of the sky over the neighborhood between us and downtown, about 25-30 degrees above our visible horizon. It took about 20 minutes overall, and we saw/counted 19 orbs. They at times got close to each other as they hovered, and one by one slowly disappeared up into the cloud cover. I did hear jets going by a couple of times, and at first thought that maybe the first ones might have been aircraft; but the jets that I heard were above the clouds and moved from north to south (by sound); the orbs had no sound and traveled from S to SE. They glowed and pulsed from an orange-red to a creamy color. We were amazed to see so many, coming in a rather regular pattern and timing. Even more amazingly, last year we also went outside to watch the fireworks on New Years night and also saw orbs - last year there were three, they were closer to us, the night was more clear (low clouds but not snowing), and the orbs were deeper red; they also gradually ascended up into the cloud cover. We have wondered, only half kiddingly, if they are hanging around to watch the fireworks!!
