{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50922","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5507758.json","updb_database_id":5507758}
I saw 5 disc like space ships fight a 6th space ship with blue/white beams

ok.

I was with friends in some kind of a nature gathering, i don't know how i got there.
It was day time and the sky was clear as we started seeing the sky change its texture.
then it became clearer, 5 disc like shapes were flying in a wierd formation 
around a 6th disc and apparently shooting light beams at it.
the attacked disc exploded and dissapeard.
it seemed to happen very far away on the edge of the atmosphere.
then the space ships picked up a sattelite plate and dissapeared 
the next moment we were flooded by white light and picked up about 6 feet in the air and gently put back.
I felt that i am beeing talked to by telepathy and it meant something like you can float in the air by your selves
then i asked to meet them but they dissapeared

suddenly i was inside one of the space ships lying on a white hospital bed with hand cuffs connecting my arms and legs to the bed which were open 
The aliens looked very friendly and wanted to experiment on me 
I felt dizzy and I got dizzier until I fell asleep and Woke up in my bed

I don't really know how to think of this experience.
The memory is very vivid. like a real life experience although I am not sure If It happened in a dream or not.
usually when I dream the details fade and by late morning i cant recall anything of the dream.
this time i remember more details as the experience slowly comes back to me.
the feelings in the dream were as real as real life feelings.
my main question is how do i adress this , are more people experiencing this kind of thing?should i look for some kind of mark?

I don't meen to bother you because i know it might sound stupid 
please answer :) 
thanks
