{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-09-25 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4280,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5456758.json","updb_database_id":5456758}
{rjl} Craft hovered, decended, missing time, long time after affects including therapy

When I was 8 yrs old in 1985, my sister and I lived with my grandmother. One night my grandmother took my sister to pick up her friend to spend the night. I went along for the ride. Nothing strange about the ride or the ride home. We pulled into the driveway and my grandmother pressed the garage door opener. As we waited for the garage door to open, my grandmother asked me to bring in the trash can that was at the end of the driveway by the road. So far totally normal. As i walked to get the trash can my grandmother, sister and her friend got out of the car and walked in the house( 2 car attached garage, entrance to home is inside garage). As i turned to walk back with trash can, something made me look up. High up in the sky between my house and the neighbors i saw a bright light hovering and slowly swaying left to right. I loiked towards garage and yelled for my sister to come and see. When I looked back toward the light it was now directly above our roof still inbetween the two houses. My next memory is being lifted into the air towards the light. I saw that it was a craft with red, yellow and blue lights in a triangular shape on its belly. A loud hum that turned into a buzz made me want to shut my eyes from the vibration. My next memory, I'm standing at the end of the driveway, trash can in hand, with my sister yelling my name. I looked up and the light was further away where I had first seen it. My sister asked me why I hadnt brought the can in yet and to hurry up. The next 6 months were awful. Every night I had the same nightmare, of being lifted off of my bed and absorbed through the ceiling. So vivid that I would be at eye level with the textures in the veiling as I was passing through it. I would always struggle but pass through anyway. I would then be in a large room that resembled a cave with many people sitting and standing around. All of us looking forward waiting for something. What looked to be like statue or likeness of a cloaked figure was directly in front of us. This likeness would emit a red light and the others would become frightened and scramble about. An actual cloaked individual would take me to another room where I was shown a gear like machine. People were being fed into the machine. I thought they were being crushed to death but somehow I knew they were ok. I was urged to approached the machine and I was fed through the machine. I would then wake up in my bed screaming. My recurring dream alarmed my parents and they looked for a therapist. I went to a private school where we had no counselors. Suddenly and briefly we had one. Mr. Bucky was his name. After several sessions with him in the cafeteria of my small school, his only suggestion was to continue to resist in my dream. As if he believed it. So I did. I had some success. But the times I succeeded, I was always awoken by someone in my room. Two figures. One short, one tall, both with glowing eyes. This went on for 6 months. Strange marks on skin would appear. A large black mark on my thigh, that after a visit to my pediatrician, I was informed that It was some type of foreign object under my skin similiar to a splinter but the size of a half dollar. I never felt anything go in, as something that large it would have to had hurt. I was supposed to put iodine on it and the doctor said it would come out. One recurring nightmare later it was gone with no idea what it was and only a scar in its place. I have been plagued with severe anxiety in my adult life. When an anxiety attack begins it starts with the very familiar hum then buzz. Takes me back every time.
