{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-02 14:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60412","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3598,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5498758.json","updb_database_id":5498758}
{nd} 3 orbs in the sky. They looked like fireballs. A large one in the middle, a smaller one to the right, and an even smaller one to the left with a small 'crumb' to it's left. Luminescent. Amorphous.

On October 2nd 2014, between 2:33 and 2:35 PM, I was driving north on the 101 freeway about to get on the 405 south, nearest exit is Sepulveda. In the sky to my left, I saw 3 orbs in the sky. They looked like fireballs or flares from a flare gun except bigger. There was a big one in the middle, a smaller one on the right, and an even smaller one on the left with a little "crumb" to it's left. They were in the sky above the city, to the left of my vantage point. The sky was clear. I had my glasses on. There was nothing obstructing my view of them. 
At first I thought it was a flare gun or some sort of fireworks/pyrotechnics BUT they weren't moving. Just sitting perfectly still in the sky, above some palm trees, about one and a half times as high in air as the palm trees. There was what looked like a Southwest airlines plane flying in the sky as well, several hundred yards behind the orbs so I thought there might be a connection there but I don't know. (I am not positive it was a southwest airlines plane. But it was definitely a passenger plane. That I am sure of) I was able to get a good, clear look at the orbs for about 10 to 15 seconds. They were staying perfectly still. I had to look away for a moment to get on the ramp to the 405 South. Then I kept looking. Once I realized they weren't flares, I said "Holy ****" out loud, and in that moment, they vanished. There was no smoke or dissipation. They just disappeared. Like a TV screen turning off.

I am not jumping to conclusions that these were aliens or some sort of super natural phenomenon. Even though I'd never seen this before, something about it struck me as being perfectly ordinary. I wonder if it could be some sort of reflection from the ground or the airplane in the back, or St. Elmo's fire on land. Just because I haven't seen it before doesn't mean it's supernatural. I looked later that day for other reports. It was near the freeway and there were many cars on the road so I can't be the only one who saw it. But my search didn't yield any results. 

FYI -I was NOT able to take any pictures, as I was driving at the time. The picture that I have attached to this report is a screen grab from a youtube video. It is attached only as a reference to what I saw, since what I saw is almost exactly the same as what's in the picture. I just want to reiterate, I did not take the attached picture or any picture of what I saw. The only difference between the picture and what I saw is that the orbs I saw seemed to be a little further away from each other than they appear in this picture. But they were still very close to each other. If you have any questions or concerns feel free to contact me.
