{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-09-10 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3125,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5500758.json","updb_database_id":5500758}
{rjl} Observed formation of rectangular lights from a distance of 6 feet that moved back and forth then disappeared

I have not considered this event to be a UFO necessarily, but I thought the event may be worth sharing in case anyone else may have witnessed something similar. The event happened in the Cherry Grove section of North Myrtle Beach, SC. I can't say for certain what the date was, but it was warm enought that we were grilling on the back porch off the second story of the house. Not sure about the time either but it was dark, definitely after sunset. The event began as I walked out of the sliding glass door while carrying a tray of steaks to put on the grill. It took both hands to carry the tray and I shut the door once I was outside by facing it and using my elbow. After shutting the door I turned around, still holding the tray of steaks and clearly saw lights approximately three to four feet away from me. They were just below eye level, I am 6 ft tall. The formation consisted of nine rectangles approximately 2 inches in length. The overall shape of the lights was a triangle, each point of the triangle was a group of three rectangles. The distance between the points of the triangle was less than 1 foot. The points of the triangle were, again, comprised of three rectangles, one red, one yellow and one greenish blue and they were grouped together one on top of the other, oriented horizontally and not touching each other, a slight gap between them. So I am standing there with a pan full of steaks trying to understand what I am looking at for about 2-3 seconds, then the formation of lights begins to move as a unit to the left about a foot in distance, then to the right about a foot or so and then back to the left. This movement took about an additional 3 seconds. Then they just disappeared, as if they had been turned off. I immediately turned around, elbowed open the sliding glass door and asked my dad and stepmom who were just inside the door in the kitchen if they had seen what I had just seen. Of course, they had no idea what I had seen and didn't see anything so I tried to explain it to them. I was moved and insistent and sincere and dumbfounded and I couldn't explain it in a way they didn't immediately dismiss. It was frustrating. I have no idea what it was or what it may be. I can only tell you it was the strangest occurrence of my life. Again, I realize this isn't a "UFO" technically, but maybe someone else has reported something similar. Hope it may be helpful.
