{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67798","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5491758.json","updb_database_id":5491758}
Late night, Mom & I in bed, sister in other room, entity floats in our room.

Late night in 1968? about 10pm.All three of us in bed, mom & I in one bed mom had been paralyzed for several years, I slept with her all the time. sister in other room, we are giggling, mom says listen all the sound has stopped. Not even crickets making noise, our fridge stopped making sounds and the clock stopped ticking. All of a sudden the curtain that we hung in the doorway blows up without any breeze or wind. This thing moved slowly in the room, not touching the floor. Mom said don't look,! But I peeked squinting my eyes it Came right up to mom & I and stared into my eyes, it had large Black shinny Almond shaped eyes. Then it ran it's three long wrinkly fingers down both our arms at the same time & stopped at our hands I was hugging mom. It was ice cold to the touch. It must have put us asleep because after a while I opened my eyes and it was not in front of us anymore, I turned my head to look into sister's room and saw two small Gray beings holding up my sister's legs, straight up in the air. she was quiet. The two of them looked up as if they were communicating with a third entity in the room I couldn't see that far into the room, the two looked at me and them returned to what they were doing, The next thing I know I woke up again looked back to see if they were with sister, they were gone. I got up out of bed and looked out the window because a light had caught my eye, I saw a large form moving up the hill of our dirt road, headed towards my Uncle's house. It wasn't touching the ground. it was still dark out so I made my way to the front door to see it but as soon as I got to the door it was morning. My mom said she believes it was her Grandma checking on her. I thought so too because it had feminine qualities & some kind of long white thin hair & wrinkled skin. We never talked about it after that night. Blew it off as a ghost spirit. After all these years later I realized it wasn't a ghost. It was something I didn't understand. After seeing TV shows about Aliens I was sure that is what we saw. What are known as The Greys. I would love to undergo Hypnosis to know all the details. I have a bump in my knuckle on the hand that got touched. I'm not sure if they caused it but I never noticed it until after the experience. I plan on having it x rayed to find out what it is.
