{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483758","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76096","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/758/mufon-5483758.json","updb_database_id":5483758}
{jpg} 4 large connected cubes in a row with a 5 th cube attached to left side of 2 nd cube on leading end

I was in my back yard trying to see the supernova in the pinwheel galaxy approximately 30 days after it was discovered.I was looking at the stars and saw movement in my peripheral vision causing me to look due west where I saw a single solid moving object that passed directly over head and continued east at a constant speed and heading, so much that it stood out. I have seen a ufo or anything paranormal, so it was a shock.So when I first see it up to the point of passing over me my thoughts are WTF is that. I see 4 cubes in a straight line but moving as one they appear to be connected, there is a 5 th cube attached to the left side of the second cube.Now as the first part of this thing passes over head i see detail and it scared me, and I don't mean for my own safety, just in general as I was realizing that I'm witnessing something life changing, and I have a neural override where your brain shuts down non essential functions and doubles your visual audio and other sensory information uptake in an attempt at self preservation. It feels like the world around you is in slow motion. So from this point on the amount of detail i observed is sort of disturbing and 5 years later I can see it like it just happened. The detail,I type slow and i'm getting tired so I will condense but try to get every thing. It was non reflective and dark in color. The surface had some smooth areas the rest had raised and sunken lines with a lot of 90 deg turnes. My impression was conduit channels but they covered most if the surface like looking at a circuit board with light behind it, that dense and close together. the cubes turned out to be half as tall but square front to back and side to side. there was no lights or windows or obvious doors. It's movement was just forward but I have never seen anything move like it.The best i can describe it, absolute flawless.The bottom center of every square had a highly reflective circle that was about 1/3 the size of the square and as it moved overhead amber lights would move from the outside then cross the center to the far side of the circle but the light slowed way down as it crossed the center. I realized I was seeing amber street lights reflecting off black mirrored half spheres that were convex or concave. one would make light move fast across center the other slow. This was slow. I really would like to know if anyone has ever seen any thing like this. I would love to have somebody draw a pic of this, I've tried but can't draw for sh you know what.My feelings were overwhelming I immediately tried to debunk what i saw as balloons or giant inflatable objects swamp gas. I started writing down details and tried to draw it.I didn't tell any one for a long time not even my wife. if you want more detail you have my number text first so I will answer unknown number
