{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-17 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292312","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111012","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3731,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/312/mufon-5292312.json","updb_database_id":5292312}
Light seen in night sky moving at an incredible speed

Last night at approx. 2130, I had the urge to go outside in my backyard to check on things. I had just passed under a tree and decided to look up. As soon as I did, my eyes locked with what I thought was a star at the time because of how small the light was and how high it was in the sky. About a half second later, the star or light shot at an incredible speed starting in the east and heading west. My first thought was, "Cool! A shooting star!" and I was able to follow the path it was on when it came to an abrupt stop and was completely still. At this point, I had no idea what I was looking at. 

There had been several nights before this where I had gone outside and star watched with no luck of seeing anything except a couple shooting stars and multiple planes passing over head. The way I know that they were planes in the past is because on the outskirts of my city there is a municipal airport where planes are always going and coming. I've always been able to see the shape of the planes, as well as the flashing lights that they have on them. Because this light in the sky was not flashing, and because of how high it was, I don't believe that it could have been a plane the way it stopped so suddenly.

Getting back to the event, after a few seconds the light started on a course South East of where it had stopped and as it traveled, it appeared to be wavering slightly left and right. At this point I was in an excited state and began to yell for my wife who was in the kitchen at the time. Thinking something had happened to me, she ran out and asked what was going on. I was able to point her in the directed of the moving light and after a couple seconds she was able to spot it.

Thinking it was just a plane, she stated as such, but continued to observe the light with me. After watching the light for what felt like 20 seconds in the same direction, it blinked off and we were unable to spot it. I had stated to my wife that planes don't just blink off like that, with her then stating that some of them do. She then proceeded back into our home as I continued to stare in the general direction of where the light had blinked off. After about a minute the light blinked back on then started to move in a North directed traveling just a bit faster than it had before and continued to waver like it did before as well. I then pulled out my phone, called my wife and notified her that the light was back! She came back outside and was able to spot it this time relatively quickly. The light traveled for about another 10 seconds, stopped, blinked out again, and my wife went back inside to go to bed. I stayed outside and continued looking up.

After looking at the general spot where the light had blinked out for a couple of minutes, the light blinked back on and started to move south bound again, blinking out where it had the first time. I didn't see the light return after this. What I did see though that verified to me that it wasn't a plane, was an actual plane this time heading East towards the airport, with constant blinking white and red lights.
