{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-02-17 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505312","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/312/mufon-5505312.json","updb_database_id":5505312}
Bright unknown light seen near Brighton Ontario.

I must apologize in advance for any run-on sentences in this report as the comma key on my laptop is broken.

I was inside the house I lived in at the time in the basement using the computer. I came upstairs to the kitchen to get a drink at approximately 8:30 pm and while I was doing that I looked out the large kitchen window and noticed the light. It was significantly brighter than anything I'd seen in the sky before so I went outside to get a better look at it. I wasn't really sure what to make of it. It seemed to be pulsating or flickering like a candle flame. When I came back in I pointed it out to my parents and my sister. They all thought it was odd and none of them had seen it before either. However they didn't make anything of it and went back to what they were doing. I continued observing it for a few minutes more and it seemed to be moving albeit very slowly from left to right in my field of vision. Shortly thereafter the light seemed to flicker out. I then went back downstairs and continued using the computer. 

Approximately one hour later at roughly 9:30 pm I came back upstairs and out of curiosity I looked out the kitchen window again and the light was back in the same spot I had originally seen it. I remarked to my parents who were nearby that the light was back and my father who is somewhat skeptical of such things said "Maybe it's a construction light of some kind or something". I grabbed my digital camera and went back outside to try and get some pictures of it however I wasn't able to keep my hands steady and they were all terribly motion-blurred. I then struck upon the idea of balancing the camera on the windowsill outside the kitchen and was able to successfully get some photographs. At this point with the object still in sight I decided to walk to the end of my road (approx. 1km away) to see if I could get a better angle on the light. While walking down there I lost sight of the light and when I got to the end of the road I was not able to locate it so I returned home.

Roughly an hour later again at 10:30 pm I sighted the object a third time in the same area as the first two sightings. I took my camera outside again and this time tried to get a video of it. The batteries in the camera were dying and the camera refused to record for more than 10 seconds or so. I ran back inside and changed the batteries and was then able to successfully record the light however I was only able to capture it for approximately 90 seconds before it went out/disappeared. Upon coming back in from filming my father said to me "If it comes back again we'll take the car and go see if we can find it". I was awake until about 2 am but I did not see the light again that night.
