{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-02 17:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513312","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5196,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/312/mufon-5513312.json","updb_database_id":5513312}
{dr}Saw 7 lights moving overhead. Watched them, Two minutes later saw black object.

Jan 2, 2013 in Minneapolis, MN, I was driving home. Traveling west on Co. Rd C toward Hwy 88. I saw 7 pink/orange/rose slow moving lights. 4 to five in a crescent shape formation with the other 2 or 3 tailing from the crescent. They were spread fairly evenly apart, but not a tighter formation Im accustomed to seeing with air force planes. Overall... it was the arrangement/formation that made me most curious.

But both the formation and color struck me as anomalous. I pulled over at a gas station to watch. They slowly disappeared due to either:

1) Moving through a lower strata layer of clouds.
2) Rising up as they moved.

I estimated the height of these object to be around 1500 feet. I checked the cloud ceiling. Damn close! Weather report says 1300 ft.

Thus, far, I was not thinking this was spectacular or really all that strange. I should mention, I started to video them... just a few seconds after they began to either rise or move into a lower cloud strata. Caught two on vid. Worthless IMHO for anything scientific, other that showing this to anyone I tell this story to for kicks.

However, I was curious enough to keep watching for well over a minute, perhaps for about 90 seconds. I thought I might see them re-appear due to ceiling conditions, but no.

Then I saw something else in the sky, in the same section of the sky I had been peering into.

I saw a black shape. No lights whatsoever. Appeared quite small, like the size of a kite (from my perspective), then appeared a bit larger after I got a good fix on it. It appeared to move slightly downward, as it drifted - and now it seemed to have some decent size to it as my eyes adjusted. Hard to pin a volume on it. At any rate... this object moved in the direction of the wind. From the SW to the NE. It appeared to be moving WITH the wind. (And yes, the wind has been blowing this direction for most of the day and evening. At this time around 6mph.)

By the way I am the son of forensic meteorologist. I have a sharp eye. I am a physiologist. Never seen anything like I am about to describe.

I watched this object move away for approx. 2 mins. At this speed, it should have traveled (did the math) 2/10 of a mile. It was moving directly over the monstrous gasoline tanks where practically all the gasoline for the Twin Cities is stored. Used to be called the Williams Bros. Pipeline Co. (I don't recall the current name)

It kept moving, same speed, nothing spectacular, so I got disinterested and got back in the car.

At this time, Im just a few miles mostly north and a bit east from downtown Minneapolis. Approx 4.5 miles. I live close by. There was a moderate amount of traffic on the highway (hwy 88) just one long block from the gas station, Murphys.

I took off, west for hwy 88, turned north. This took maybe 8 seconds to reach the corner after leaving the gas station. Accelerating up to 40 to 45, I looked up and saw a black shape.

I slowed down quickly and pulled over toward the left hand turn lane which is about 800 feet from the road I turned off from the gas station. (Co rd C west to Hwy 88 north)

Ill be damned, this thing had no discernible features - except it was shaped like an egg, and was black as midnight. Not a sound. VERY low in the sky. Not directly overhead... other wise i would not have seen it out my windshield at first. Perhaps 300 feet up.

The thing rotated 360 degrees on its own axis. Quite quickly. Not a sound out of it. Could have been spun by the wind? But I didn't like the way it moved, sort of wobbly and strange, can;t put a finger on it. It freaked me out a bit and i got back in my car. Really, I thought there was an awareness of my presence, by it. And I didn't want to find out, unless I heard a voice saying, "Well clone your dog." (Shes the Guinness World Record Frisbee Dog, Rose, no kidding)

Anyway, I don't know for sure if this was the same black object I saw the first time. But at the rate the wind moved, if it was the same object, there would have to have been a sudden very strong and sustained wind gust (180 to the wind direction at the time I was at the gas station) to bring the first thing back in the less than 20 seconds gone by after I left the gas station.

Translation: if the first black object I saw was moving only by wind, then no way did that get back to my location in the car by wind. I would have felt a helluva buffeting effect in such an anomalous wind reversal.

Whatever the heck this thing was. I didn't like it.
