{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-07 11:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452312","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109330","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/312/mufon-5452312.json","updb_database_id":5452312}
A white/chrome sphere hoovering over Brentwood (W. Los Angeles) near Santa Monica beach

Hello on June 6, 2020 (Sunday) during the time of 11:20 AM thru. 11:25 AM, I was working a security detail in Brentwood which is considered West Los Angeles near Santa Monica beach. This particular day was beautiful, everyone in the area would consider it "beach" weather. There were no clouds, it was warm/bright, (74°) and it was windy, with a wind gust of 8.1 mph (per the weather map). My attention was drawn to what I thought at the time was a chrome helium balloon. I didn't think much of the ballon because it's not rare to see neighborhood children or people at the beach releasing balloons, but this one captured my attention. While staring at the chrome object for several seconds, I kept asking myself why wasn't the balloon flying away with the direction of the wind and why was the object hovering over these residential homes. Then for a quick second, I thought maybe someone decided to tie this balloon to a very long string. Well, my analytical mind went on overload and that's when I realized, I wasn't looking at a balloon. I recorded this object with my Samsung Note 8 cell phone. I was able to capture three clips of the object before losing it into the clouds. This object was originally one white or chrome sphere object. The object kept hovering up & down in a very fast manner then it will move its pattern from side-to-side. During this movement, the object was slowly rotating while it produced a glowing bright light. While the object was moving and glowing, I saw it morphed into two objects. Both objects were connected together and glowing. It almost looked like a dome but I wasn't sure. Then the object was producing what I call a strobing light as it appeared in and out of my camera frame. The object turned into, what I call a "donut" shape. It had a black circle in the middle of the strobing object while it flew towards Santa Monica beach. I grabbed my binoculars from my car to look at the object. It took me several seconds to find it, but when I did it was a spectacular sight it was rotating counter-clockwise as it produce a brilliant chrome light, thats when I saw the other spheare (or dome) that was connect. I eventaully lost the object as it travel west towards the beach. Just to remove any doubts, this was not a plane, a helicopter, or a drone. I see these items on a daily basis at my current job. This object was very different.
