{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479312","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/312/mufon-5479312.json","updb_database_id":5479312}
A possible ET abduction or experiment at bedroom after midnight

It was the night of Friday, Sep 2, 2016. After a long day of work, I retired to my bed and ready to sleep. I also had a lunch meet-up appointment with my buddy on the next day so I went to bed by midnight, which was earlier than my usual Friday night sleep time.

Perhaps sometime at 1 or 2 am, I was awake but still in my bed. There was a bright white light emitting from my 4 o'clock (my head is at 12 o'clock position as a reference). The light came from a white ball of light. It was so bright that my eyes were filled with tears and I had to turn my head slightly to the left to avoid it. The light was so white and bright like it was coming from either a high power flood light or the sun. It must be noted that although the washroom light was on during the night and it was in the vicinity of my bed, it was a energy saving light bulb and its colour was yellowish dim.

I remember that right before I turned my head, there was a tingling sensation in my breathing tube traveling upward between my collar bone to my jaw. It was itching and I remember that I brushed my neck with both hands downward.

I dont remember seeing any entities or physical contacts during the entire event and I was laid down on my bed the entire time; I also dont remember if my lower body was immobile.

The next day, I got up with the sense of a bit restless but didnt give much thought. My friend later noticed that I was behaving a little bit agitated while I was looking for a parking spot at mall. It could be the result of the event or perhaps it was stress related.

But our lunch was the last meat I have eaten for the past three months. Somehow that encounter changed my diet habit and I dont find red meat and chicken appetizing anymore. My diet has become almost vegetarian. I do eat fish and seafood from time to time, but I know I can also live without them. My weight dropped and I felt more healthy and my brain more active for all these months.

What really blew my mind was a physical evidence that I cannot simply treat this as a dream or human psychological response to stress. This event had left a physical mark on my chest. I found it very similar to the scoop mark left on some of the abductees' bodies. It has been three months since the event and that mark still remains in its original shape and colour. There is no other physical symptoms, pain or itching coming from it. Of course, it wasnt there before and no scratch cannot heal in three months.

I dont sense it was a malevolent encounter and I have not had another one since then, or at least any that I can remember.
