{"created_utc": "2026-08-13T07:02:04Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6615850, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/12130682/12130682.pdf", "source_sha256": "ee022ee7b248292f0abee28235d891766e8feb31566a485411763633e60305b0"}

The original documents are located in Box D4, folder “Ford Press Releases, January - April
1966” of the Ford Congressional Papers: Press Secretary and Speech File at the Gerald R.
                               Ford Presidential Library.

                                        Copyright Notice
The copyright law of the United States (Title 17, United States Code) governs the making of
photocopies or other reproductions of copyrighted material. The Council donated to the United
States of America his copyrights in all of his unpublished writings in National Archives collections.
Works prepared by U.S. Government employees as part of their official duties are in the public
domain. The copyrights to materials written by other individuals or organizations are presumed to
remain with them. If you think any of the information displayed in the PDF is subject to a valid
copyright claim, please contact the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library.
. ·'i.   Digitized from Box D4 of The Ford Congressional Papers: Press Secretary and Speech File at the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library


                                                             CONGRESSMAN                                       NEWS
                                          GERALD R. FORD
                                                      HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                                                              RELEASE

                                                                                          For release Jan. 26, 1966

          WASHINGTON, n.c.--- A "just and secure peace" is the United Statest
           "only objective" in Viet Nam and "our only aim is to promptly bring
           home all American servicemen---alive and whole, 11 Congressman Gerald
           Ro Ford said today.
                 The House Republican leader said in a newsletter to Fifth District
           constituents "our only opposition is to getting bogged down in an extended
           and massive land war in the jungles of Southeast Asia."
                 Ford predicted that this type of war 11 could go on for many years and
           produce thousands of casual ties."
                  President Johnson can expect Republican support in his peace efforts~
           Ford said in pledging similar backing of 11 mili tary efforts."
                  "~Te   will support anything which Mr. Johnson does to obtain a prompt,
           just, and secure peace, 11 Ford said. 11 If this can be accomplished by
           immediate negotiations to achieve freedom and independence for the Vietnamese,
           we will support such actiono 11
                                                                                                                                                    '
                 Ford concluded, "knowing that there is no substitute for victory, we
           will back the President in his every effort to achieve military or
           diplomatic success" in Viet Nam 0
                 Turning to the Administration's so-called war on poverty, Ford said
           Republicans are 11 pleased11 that the President 11 has finally named a full-time
           commander-in-chief" of the big program.
                 Referring to Sargeant Shriver, who recently was relieved of his Peace
           Corps assignment, Ford said he hopes the new fulltime director of the Office
           of Economic Opportunity "will change the course of the war (on poverty) and
           bring some sort of order out of the present chaos."
                 Rapping the handling of the poverty program, Ford cited "misuse of
           poverty funds,_ disastrous results", arguments among administrators 1 and
           resignations of top officials.


                                                                -more-
                                                                                                                                              ·.,
--·

              11   0ur Nation can afford to help all of our less fortunate citizens," Ford

      said, "but it cannot afford to squandor any of the hard-earned dollars
      collected from taxpayerso
              "Tragically, little of the $2.3 billion appropriated to date for the war
      on poverty has actually been received by the Nationrs poor. But, the army of
      officials---certainly those in the higher echelons---has been well taken
      care ofo"
             Ford said Republicans "will push for a complete and independent audit"
      of the use of poverty program funds, calling for a "thorough_, bipartisan
      investigation of the anti-poverty war."
              The House Republican leader called for a "war" against both inflation
      and taxes, pointing to a cost of living that is two percent higher than a
      year ago and the President's demand that excise taxes on telephones and
      automopiles be again levied on the 1965 levelo

              ])escribing the living cost increase as a "secrets ales tax," Ford said
      a remedy is to "hold down non-essential, non-defense spending~" Opposing
      11   new taxes," Ford urged "prudent restraint" in spending public money.
             Ford also recommended a "war for advancement" to solve most social
      problems in education and trainingo                                                       '
              "The poor, the unemployed, the handicapped, and all youth need education:,
      a skill or training to meet job opportunities, 11 Ford saido
             Republican-introduced legislation calls for an income tax credit "for
      those who pay the education bill in the form of tuition, books, taxes, and
      other expenses," Ford said.
              The House Minority Leader said he favors "returning some federal funds
      to the states for educational use without federal control."
                   The GOP "Human Investment Act, 11 Ford said, also would encourage industry
      to train more persons on the job.

                   "The war to advance the position and skill of all our people is another
      war we must win," Ford concluded 0


                                              #   #    #     #
                         CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
              GERALD R. FORD
                     HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                         RELEASE

                                                   For release
                                                   February 2, 1966


WASHINGTON"-- A White House proposal to double the length of terms
for House members was swatted tod~ by Congressman Gerald R. Ford
as a plan that would beef-up the Executive branch as a "one-man rule"
type of federal governmento
    The House Republican leader said "we want our Congress to
exercise independent judgment11 predicting that a four-year torm
could lead in the opposite direction~
    Thumping in favor of the present term system1 Ford said "every
two years is not too often for a Congressman to put his record on
the line and seek the endorsement of those who elected him,.."
    A two-year term, Ford said, helps "keep the Congressman close
to his constituentso"
    Taking a poke at President Johnson on another issue, Ford            ,
predicted Congressional approval of the Administration budget in
its present form could lead to a national tax hike or 11 runawqr
inflation."
    Riddling the Administration's proposed record budget with

stinging criticism, Ford said, 11 I find it hard to understand how the
President can ask business and labor to avoid price and wage
increases v.rhich are measured in terms of millions of dollars when
he is increasing non-defense spending by billions,..tt
    The Michigan Republican Congressman predicted the President's
budget will be pared by the House Appropriations Committee.
    Ford made his statements ina weekly letter to Fifth District
constituents.


                    #    #    #     #    #
                                CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                    GERALD R. FORD
                            HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                RELEASE

                                           For release February 9, 1966


WASHINGTON--- President Johnson's whopping $3.4 billion foreign aid request

should be given a "genuine, effective,. and deep'' Congressional surgical

treatment, House Republican Leader Gerald R. Ford said today•

    In urging the use of an economic scalpel on the President's request, Ford

said "substantial reductions in expenditures can be made without material~

weakening any good which may be accomplished•"

    Although critical of the Administration's foreign aid request,. Ford said

he agreed with the President's stated purpose "to carry forward the best of

what we are now doing in the less ...developed world, and to cut out the worst.,"

    Ford addedJ "Our mutual security program, with some exceptions, has

served a useful purpose and I have supported its basic principles,."

    The Fifth District Representative from Michigan said that the President's

financial plan "can and should be cut considerably by the Congress, especially

in view of our w~ expenditures and Mr. Johnson's insistence on increasing
                                                                                    '
non-defense spending."

    The President's stress in his foreign aid message that 11 we must concentrate

on countries not hostile to us which give solid evidence that they are

determined to help themselves" was applauded by Ford.

    "The burden of proof on cooperation and constructive results must rest

with the recipient country," Ford said.

    The President was criticized by Ford for failing to insist that "our

aid in tax dollars go only to those nations which are helpful to us in the

Vietnamese War."

    Ford said he "cannot justify nor support any assistance to those nations

which in any way help the North Vietnamese aggressors 0 11


                                #    #     #     #    #
                                   CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                        GERALD R. FORD
                               HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                  RELEASE
                                                  For release Feb. 16 1 1966

"t-TASHINGTON-- President Johnson's hush-hush conduct of the Vietnam ~var and his
failure to tighten economic pressure on the Communist enemr heartland of Hanoi
fall short of serving the national interest, Congressman Gerald R. Ford
said tocta.Y.
       Free world shipping to the enemw aggressor in North Vietnam "at a time when
the United States is fighting to protect freedom" was blamed on the President
by the House Republican leader.
       Referring to reports of 119 free world ships "carrying goods to and from"
the enemr last year, Ford accused the President of virtual~ hiding information
from the American public.
        The Administration's figures on the volume of shipping to North Vietnam
11   do not present the complete picture," Ford said_, charging that cargo activity
may be more than double the totals contained in a report on vessel movemento
        "This situation emphasizes at least two significant truths," Ford said.
"The American people are not being given the facts about Vietnam to which they
                                                                                      '
are entitled and which in no w~ give aid and comfort to the enemr.
       "Secondly 1 the Johnson Administration is ~ using every proper and
available means for applying economic pressure on Hanoi."
       Ford recalled that last year the President "objected strenuously" to a
proposal that would have prohibited u.s. foreign aid from going to any country
whose merchant ships trade with North Vietnam.
        "I supported that restriction," Ford said, "and I continue to urge the
President to use every means at his disposal to wage economic warfare against
North Vietnam, including cutting supply routes, be they on land or sea."
       Ford made his statements in a newsletter to Fifth District constituents.


                                   #    #     #      #
                        CONGRESSMAN                   NEWS
             GERALD R. FORD
                    HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                      RELEASE

                                         For release at 4 p~~
                                         Frid~~ Februar.y 25, 1966


    James M.,. Mudge, my Press Secretary since early in 1965, is

resigmi~g   to accept a position with The Detroit Free Press as

Chief of the newspaper's City-County Bureauo

     A member of the Free Press editorial staff more than 5 years

before coming to Washington, Jim is returning to the newspaper

with the responsibility of directing press coverage of Detroit

City and Wayne County governments~


                        #    #       #    #
                                                                     ,
                        CONGRESSMAN                   NEWS
            GERALD R. FORD
                    HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                      RELEASE

                            FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


          Because the Johnson-Humphrey Administration refuses to

face up to the serious problems of inflation and~uses to do any-

thing about the increase in the cost of living, President Johnson

undoubtedly will ask Congress to increase Federal taxes.


          Republicans strongly believe it would be better to reduce
                                       ~
non-military Federal spending ~ thanl\increase Federal taxes.

If the President would cooperate with Republicans in reducing the

cost of the Federal government we could avoid another tax increase.

Regrettably I see no evidence that the Johnson-Humphrey Administration

will economize -- which means new tax increases from the White House.


                            II
                                                                         ,
                                 CONGRESSMAN                    NEWS
                        GERALD R. FORD
                             HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                RELEASE

                                               For release March 2, 1966

WASHINGTON--- "Why the rush?" in providing a $750,000 executive mansion for
Vice President Hubert Humphrey somewhere in Washington, Congressman Gerald
R. Ford asked today •
    The House Republican leader indicated he favors adequate housing for u.s.
military personnel before Congress spends tSKpayer's money for an "expensive
new home" for the Vice President,
    Reported to be a favored choice is a site at the Naval Observatory in
northwest vlashington 0 Sponsors of a bill being considered by a House Public
Works subcomrni·ttee reportedly favor a "three-stor.y~ brick and stone structure,
three-car garage,_ with grounds properly landscaped and fenced.n
    Ford, who said he hopes the proposal will die in committee, asserted that
"some of our servicemen have been living in little more than barns, even in
tents" while plans are being pushed to provide a Vice Presidential executive
mansion.
    Defense Secretary Robert McNamara figured in Ford's critical attack on
                                                                                    '
the "house for HHH" plan.
    The Michigan Congressman recalled that McNamara has refused to use funds
alreaqy appropriated to furnish proper housing for service personnel.
    In shelving the military housing appropriation, MCNamara was quoted by

Ford as claiming the spending "would add to inflation."
    "If this is true, why the rush for an expensive new home for the Vice
President?" Ford asked. He concluded, "This is one expenditure that can wait•"
     The Minority Leader's statements were included in his newsletter to
Michigan Fifth District constituents.


                                    #   #      #
                                 CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                    GERALD R. FORD
                             HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                 RELEASI

                                                For release at 12 noon
                                                Tuesday, }mrch 15, 1966


Washington --    House Republican leader Gerald R. Ford today named

Paul A. }tiltich of Booth Newspapers as his press secretary,

effective immediately.

     Miltich, 46, succeeds James M.Mudge, who resigned to become

chief of the DETROIT FREE PRESS City-County Bureau.

     Miltich will be giving up a seat on the House and Senate Press

Galleries' Standing Committee of Correspondents.       He was elected

to the post last January • .

     Ford's new press man has covered Washington for 8~ years for

Booth Newspapers, concentrating on the activities of Michigan

members of Congress.     Prior to that he worked for 11 years as both

reporter and desk man for THE SAGINAW NEWS, one of the nine Booth

newspapers.

     Miltich was graduated "with distinction" in June, 1941, from
                                                                           '
the University of Minnesota, where he was elected to honor societies

for creative writing and outstanding work in literature artd

languages.    He is a native of Virginia, Minnesota.


                               # # # # # # # # # #
                        CONGRESSMAN                        NEWS
             GERALD R. FORD
                     HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                        RELEASE

                               For release Friday, March 18, 1966,P.J11.


     WASHINGTON--Medical help for South Vietnamese civilians

is woefully inadequate and the Administration must act quickly

to meet that need, House Republican Leader Gerald R. Ford

declared today.

     Ford said he has received reports of miserable conditions

in Vietnam hospitals and in some cases "absolute filthiness"

from a Grand Rapids, Michigan, orthopedic surgeon who has

donated his services in Vietnam on three oceasions and has just

returned from a voluntary tour of duty there.

     The surgeon, Dr. Alfred B. Swanson, told Ford he is

"appalled by the lack of medical facilities in Vietnam."

     "It's a national disgrace,"   Dr. Swanson declared.

     Ford noted that Health-Education-Welfare Secretary John W.
Gardner, now on a Vietnam tour, has found hospital conditions
                                                                           ,
fully as shocking as Dr. Swanson has described them.

     He pointed to a news dispatch from Banmethuot, South

Vietnam, telling how Gardner visited a 30-bed Banmethuot hos-

pital ward with 70 men and women patients piled into it and

muttered to the hospital supervisor:   "Impossible, impossible."

     Gardner flew to the hospital, 170 miles north of Saigon,

to see what medical and educational aid South Vietnam lacks.


                            (MORE)
VtETNAM MEDICAL
P~ge Two


     Dr. Swanson charges that the Administration has talked

for years about giving South Vietnam medical aid but hasn't

done anything about it.

     Ford said he will raise his voice again and again until

the Administration acts.   He said he hopes to have Dr.Swanson

testify before the congressional committees concerned so they

can learn what he has seen in Vietnam,

     Of Administration officials, Dr. Swanson said:

     "Their charts indicate they're doing a lot (about

Vietnam's medical problems) but I've been there three times

in four years, and there just haven't been any improvements."

     He added:

     "In a country that's burning and bleeding to death, it's

fantastic we aren 1 t doing more to save the lives of the civi-

lian population.   It's just plain wrong,"

     Dr. Swanson said there are many dedicated people providing

medical aid in Vietnam but not enough of them.

     At the same time, the lack of hospital bed space and

other facilities is staggering, Dr. Swanson added.

     Dr. Swanson estimated the need for new hospitals at 40 to
                                                                  ,
50 spotted throughout Vietnam.

     He quoted the Vietnamese Army's surgeon general as saying

they would cost $300,000 to $500,000 apiece and should be de-
signed to include a civilian wing and an army wins with a
common laboratory-surgical unit in the center.

                              (MORE)
,
    VIE'I'NAM MEDICAL
    Page Three


            "The President should ask Congress to appropriate funds

    for this program,"     Dr. Swanson said.

            "Congress has just voted $1.8 billion to replace aircraft

    shot down over Vietnam.     If they would put the same amount of

    money into social reconstruction, the war would be a lot closer

    to being won • "
            "Even now the AID (Agency for International Development)

    people over there could at least do something about the filthi-

    ness in the hospitals--at least get the walls scrubbed down

    on a regular basis.     But they won't do it, and their excuse is

    that the Vietnamese don't do it and it's their problem.
            "It's mostly a matter of the guy at the top (President

    Johnson) saying, 'Let's do something about this; and if there's

    anything you can do, we' 11 back you up. 1 "

            Ford emphasized that Congress has just approved $415 million

    in special economic aid for Vietnam.       He suggested some of this

    money could be used to improve medical conditions there.

            Dr. Swanson recalled that Vice-President Humphrey on his
    recent visit to Vietnam pledged help on two fron~s--social as

    well as military.     If the United States follows through, the

    surgeon continued, this should mean medical funds equal to the         ,
    need.

            Dr. Swanson currently is trying to put together a polio
    immunization program for Vietnam with·private assistance coupled
    with the government's blessing.
                                   (MORE)
VIETNAM MEDICAL
Page Four


     He said all he needs to line up 1 million shots of polio

vaccine, to transport it to Vietnam, and to get two deep

freezers to store it is a letter of intent from Maj. Gen.James w.

Humphreys, Jr., public health chief in Vietnam on loan to AID.

     Polio is not an epidemic disease in Vietnam but the people

are deathly afraid of it, Dr. Swanson said.

     He wants to begin by immunizing the 500,000 children in

the Saigon area.


                                                                    ,
                                            "


                              CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                  GERALD R. FORD
                          HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                              RELEASE
                                                Friday, March 18, 1966


                                                FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE


STATEMENT BY REP. GERALD R. FORD,··~llHH~.&a


     "It would be a shame if the presidential presence on television

is blacked out because the White House insists on using Signal Corps'

technicians instead of network union engineers to handle pickups of

Mr. Johnson's TV and radio broadcasts,

     GI's are great fellows,but I don't think men in uniform should

be doing jobs that can and should be handled by civilians--and I

believe they feel the same way about it.

     I'm surprised that the President does not have more concern

that the contract between the NBC and ABC networks and the National

Association of Broadcast Employees and Technicians (AFL-CIO) should

be honored.

     The union points out that presidential use of Signal Corpsmen
                                                                         '
to handle broadcast pickups violates a network-union contract pro-

vision requiring that the union's members handle all technical work

at the "point of origination,"

     Harry G. Schleggle, director of tietwork affairs for the union,

contends that non-network personnel have moved into this kind of

work more and more in the past two years.


                                 (MORE)
.,.   - ...
       ,


              Friday, March 18, 1966                -2-


              STATEMENT BY REP .. GERALD R. FORD,


                   Unless there are overriding reasons for this••and I can't tee
              them at this time--1 believe the presidential policy is manifestly
              unfair to the network technicians,
                   The White House maintains that security is involved and that
              using network engineers would take up ao.e of the President's time.
                   For Deputy Presidential Press Secretary Robert H. Fleming to
              raise the issue of security implies that some of the network tech-
              nicians may be disloyal to the United States.     I don't believe that
              for one minute.
                   It's difficult to believe the security question is a real
              pro-lan.     Certainly these men can be screened and given security
              clearance.
                   Aa for the union technicians unnecessarily taking up the
              President's time, we have the word of William McAndrew, President
              of NBC news, that their own technicians "can be unobtruaive too."
                   Surely these matters can be worked out to the satisfaction of
              the President while at the same time the livelihood of the men who
                                                                                       '
              work as network technicians is protected."
                                                     March 21, 1966

                                                     FOR MONDAY P.M. RELEASE

STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICH.


     I like Detroit Mayor Jerome P. Gavanagh because he is a Democrat who

apparently doesn't mind helping the Republican Party.

     He is befriending the GOP--whether or not that is his intention--by

fighting Soapy Williams for the Michigan Democratic Senate nomination.

     He and Soapy will be chopping each other up in the August primary, and

that will tmprove chances for the Republican candidate to win in November.

     Not only will Democratic ranks be bitterly divided by the Cavanagh-

Williams race, but it's obvious that all campaign contributions spent to

influence the outcome of that struggle will be lost to the Democratic

Party in the general election drive.

     All of this promises a Republican victory in the Michigan Senate contest

this fall, whether Cavanagh or Williams is the Democratic nominee • •

     I'm sure the voters of Miciigan will recognize Cavanagh for what he is--

one of the biggest of the big spenders, a man who as Detroit's mayor keeps

begging for more and more federal funds and keeps complaining Detroit isn't

getting enough.   At the same t~e, he is collecting Cavanagh's income tax--
        '
one per cent from the pay of every Detroit wage earner and of every

suburbanite who works in Detroit.

     Williams is 55; Cavanagh is 37.     Cavanagh himself has tagged Williams
                                                                                 ,
as a tired old political warhorse who is back in the starting gate after not

having stood election for eight years.    When Williams left the Michigan

governorship, the state was bankrupt.    Now he wants to pull the same sort of

stuff in the U. S. Senate.

    That's the choice offered Michigan voters by the Cavanagh-Williams

primary contest--a choice between a young spender
                                                     and an old one.

                                    I# I
                                   CONGRESSMAN                       NEWS
                      GERALD R. FORD
                              HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                     RELEASE
                                                       Monday, March 21, 1966

                                                       FOR P.M. RZLEASZ


STATEMENT BY ROUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICH.


        It's an insult to the intelligence of the P~erican people for

Democratic leaders to contend the Republican Party and the press have

kidded the public into thinking inflation is here.

        The people know that certain prices have been going up steadily and

that all the nibbles at the family paycheck have added up to a great big

bite.     That's why it's ridiculous for any Democrat in Congress to remark

casually that price increases since the 1957-59 period have been gradual

and to dismiss last month's recordjump for a February in the wholesale

price index.

        In February the wholesale price index registered the sharpest rise

for that month since 1951.         That is a real danger signal, and no Democrat

in Congress can ignore it.

        President Johnson recently stated candidly that inflation is "perhaps
                                                                                         ,
our most serious economic challenge in 1966."            If Mr. Johnson is aware of

that--just as we Republicans are and have been for some time--I'm sur-

prised other Democratic leaders ara not.

    Some Democrats in Congress apparently are not as interested in polls

as is Mr. Johnsou.       They seem not to have seen the latest Gallup Poll

results on inflation's impact on the family.            That poll showed Americans

believe a family of four needs $18 more a we2k just to get along this

year, as compared llfith a year ago.       That .adds ,_., to $936 more in a 12-month

per~od--cr   nearly $1,000 more a year.           I'd like to ask ~mocrats in Congrese

ho·.v ma:Jy families have an additional $1,000 net this yes.r to meet the

climb :!.n the cost of liY.i.ng.

        Democratic leaders say Republicans complaining about inflation are

"looking at the stock market and i~s gyrat:Lcns rather than the overall

economy as it is."       The A:zerican housewife certai.r.i.ly is not looking at the

stock market when she goes to buy necessities for her faroily and then

cries out:     "My   goodneee, the pr:i.~~. has r;one up again."

                                       1ft # 11
                                                                     •

       I..,,•• h•l._t .h...• ' • ............,._ co ,...W. Nlepua                     •at•••
u        _.,.... ......aa 11ew c.UIIMI &a &a.s-7 oc             &Ia co _ , clail*•

tiii'Otli-1& . . . . . . . . ..

       I 1        11 t .... abe eldl. . . ..., 1-.&ela&U. .-1.... .., .... ,..• ..._,

&a u. .................. l Hl. . . . . . ., ....... tenitMI coo                     &a

...... ••ll•••--•·
      1lle me........ ea.. . . neiiNl&e ... A .......... aM .............. Call.lllrDI

                                                           1, ,..._ .............ac&oa
.......
      .. ..,.. ·-         • • - - Ml a l'f.atlt to • doll• of     ••1• f•ab••taa ,._.. •
a. aWildallll'adoa 10 leta lr.u WlM 10 bel& 1M • ....., l'iM &a a.. ,..,.. of
...,. - - - , . . . . . . . ...,.       oo4
coo lieU• ao ..,. w&ea. a.. .., ac&...., ,..,... tllldoll ll .._.,.._ ,..........
oC -a. of die Hal ...... Ia llle&c . . . . . . . .                                             ,
      .. ....       I      .........   ot l&dlaa ....................     I   -..c - - ...
Wla 10 , . . u Cbat -..... _ _.__ • • ., • ..._ _ .• ...s l&fta& ~tete., -.u

•••••• of l&ftaa au eutf• • ......, ...... u 11t.t '*'t•&ata"a&&.. • •
--....... Ia      c...,..........      10 ........ , .... ot laflalioe.


                                                    I)


                                              ' .
                                                           ·2-


               heM. . ltlUa.         lollt ltUla • • &lM . , &a . _. . •-'~&Me
....._     . . . . . . . . . . . ._ _       ell&e.

          110l110411r'a lffiiM 10 Clnllla &a     ,..a.._IU._ _. &l'ucla &a l•dt... llla&'a
U.l&e ..._ - • · • •dl•lktcad.


eo MU•• "
          1M           Ia ......... ltlU u a . . . . . ,_.._ · · - · .._.•••
                      w.ld ....a.a &a ..._. ue& •
                                                                                        1'--
                                                                 ............. __. • ' • alnMI

IIH

          Ja
                  of •u&aa,.&a•.
                   Uoa,...,                                                            .....
, ......s.....


   ..,
                 • ,.. of

                 Aall'...,
                                      lac
                                • u ....              ..........
                                                 · 1ao ....


                                                       ......,
                  lnUJ        • .SOla&           f

                    .sa         J
                                                     ..... ·····•·
........  u ,_ ..- a. , • .,.._ •••• aa wa •'-' ldM - - . .. • • a•••
                      , . , _ l'idMJWII&uto•lJ

         JII'C~MCI _....,. . ltill
                                                           ~~~---··---·
                                     la .-__.Jiulble ._~,. 1.&1 a 'liduallr f . .Nilble


                                                          .........    u
                                                                           .........tua .......
                                                                             ........ u

                         • •                                                                •
                                 J. . . . .
1M ,_ ......................... &Ida ...1••


                                                      I     I
...
      ~

          GERALD R. FORD                                                                        MICHIGAN OFFICE:
          FIFTH DISTIIICT, MICHIGAN                                                           425 CHERRY STREET SE.
                                                                                                  GRAND RAPIDS


                                          ~ongre~~ of tbt llniteb ~tate~
                                              euiu of tbe .minotitp J.eaber
                                               J)ou•e of l\epre•entatibe•
                                                     ll~bington. J).C:.

                                                                           March 21, 1966

                                                                           FOR MONDAY P.M. RELEASE


                 STATPMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICH.


                           I applaud President Johnson's determination to provide safeguards against

                tragic accidents which have resulted in injury or death to many children

                 throughout the nation.

                          I strongly favor the child safety legislation outlined by the President

                in his consumer messag~and I believe that we have tarried too long in enacting

                such a measure.

                          The President's Consumer Message is a strong and wise one in this regar~

                but he makes certain general statements which only point up an Administration

                weakness.

                          He says ''the consumer has a right to a dollar of stable purchasing power.'

                The Administration to date has failed to halt the steady rise in the prices of

                many consumer items, notably food and clothing.           The President simply has done

                too little to cope with the inflationary fever which is drpriving wage-earners

                of much of the real rise in their earnings.

                          He says, "Our standard of living has never been higher." But what he
                                                                                                                      '
                fails to say is that while Americans are spending more and living better, their

                standard of living will suffer a sharp setback if the Administration and

                Democrats in Congress refuse to stem the tide of inflation .


                                                           (MORE)


                                                            I   •
-   FORD ON CONSUMER MESSAGE                  -2-


         The President calls for swift passage of the truth in packaging and

    truth in lending bills.     Both bills are tied up in Sanate committees and

    there has to be good reason for this.

         Nobody's opposed to truth in packaging and truth in lending.     That's

    like being against motherhood.

         The truth in packaging bill is a touchy package because there's reason

    to believe it would result in added cost to the consumer--and we've already

    had enough of rising prices.

         In addition, many of the packaging complaints aired before the Senate

    Commerce Committee have resulted in remedial action by the producers and

    packagers.

         Advocates of the legislation also are ignoring the fact that the

    President already has all the power he needs to do the job.     Deceptive

    packaging already is a violation of federal and state law.

         In ~rt, the legislation just isn't needed.

         As for truth in ~ding, nobody in his right mind wants to see anyone

    deceived into paying ridiculously high interest charges.     But many contend

    the proposed Douglas bill is unworkable because it's virtually impossible

    to determine the simple interest rate accurately at the time of purchase.

         This legislation also may be unnecessary because the states are moving

    in on the gougers in the metropolitan areas where the worst practices exist.     '
        The National Conference of Commissioners on Uniform State Laws is

    expected to report in a short time that any federal law of this type would

    conflict with state laws.    The conference also is expected to report that

    state laws should be adjusted to apply uniformly to the gougers.    This would

    be far better than federal action in this field.


                                               # # I
                                                March 22, 1966


STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD (R·MICH.)

REGARDING DEATH OF AP NE'IIlSMAN G. MILTON KELLY.


     Associated Press newsman G. Milton Kelly died Tuesday, and with his

death the country lost one of its finest reporters.    Mr. Kelly covered the
U.S. Senate and always turned in excellent work.

     1 have a special feeling for ''Milt, 11 as all his friends called him,

because Milt was a native of Hancock in Michigan's Upper Peninsula and

worked for AP in my home town of Grand Rapids as well as in Lansing, the

state capitol.

     Milt was assigned to Washington in 1939 by the AP after serving in

Michigan and in New Delhi, India.

     Here he wrote some of the best stories of his career, doing an

outstanding job in covering a series of Senate investigations that made top

news throughout the country--the Army-MCCarthy hearings, the Bobby Baker

case, the TFX plane investigation, and the Labor Rackets Committee hearings.

     One of the finest pieces Milt ever wrote was one about the nicknames

of some of the characters summoned before the Labor Rackets Committee--men

with such colorful names as "Greasy Thumb" Guzik.     It made page one wherever   '
newspaper desk men were on the alert for a great feature story.

     The journalism profession is the poorer for Milt Kelly's death.     So is

Washington, and so, too, is the nation.


                                  Ill
                                                      Mania 24, 1966 - "'-•...,


UP. Glbl.D a. I'OID ON lLOOI. or HOUII


M&'.   a,..~~era

        We have be• told 'by the h•id•t of the Uaited Stat.. that it vl.ll

not be ae.:..eary to earlfice hia Great Society fl'Oil'_. ill ordu to pay for

the IIOUDtla& ~oate of the war ill Vietn•.     We have aeeo hie utillat.. ill the

fiecal 1967 ludaet aubalaeioa, ad have noted that he would prefu that the

C:O.areaa   PI'•• 1011e tl'iad ad t ..ted fi'Oil'.... euoh aa the acbool aUk pro•
II'• ad lederal aid to laiUI•pat colleau.

        But uatU r••Uy, 1 ha" aot aeen aay eat:I.Mte of vbat aU the new

ad .-,&"owd Gl'eat Society fl'O&I'- are aoua to coat wh• thiJ becoae fullr

'-fl. . .ted ad are all added toaetber.      'l'be firat-rear ~oata of .a1t lederal

fl'Oil'... are relatively -u. but tbe)' have a wa1 of ll'owlaa biaau every

year, and 1 can badly recall dur1aa . , 18 yeara la•e of oae eVIl' etartiaa

to 1hriak.

        lu the curr•t (Marcia, 1966) ilaue of the rupee ted .....iae, "lead•' 1

Di...t," an article by Mr. Cbarlu Steveoaoa a•iau tbia auioua fl'obl•

under the title, ''Wbat hice·-'lhe Great lo&iecyl" The arti~le rlfOI'U that

evaa if the war ill Vieta• 11 broupt wader ~oatrol, e.:oooeilta eatiute
                                                                                        ,
cou•vattvelr that bJ 197S••juat aille rure aa.ce-·ve wtll have a lederel

budaet of arouad $204 billioa ad that welfare•etate progr... will accouot

f~     aore thaD half the total _,_dih&'u.

        1t aleo aotu that etate ad local ao..,..te wtll be cOIIfelled to filld

Mtahlaa funda eo that tbeb co.billed ,,_dtaa wtll 1oar durl.aa thta perio4

froa about $72 bUU.oa ill 1964 to tl79 bUltoa ill 197.5.      1 ~oa.ead thil


ell Meriaaa who WODder vby •       lepubltcaa are trylaa to hold dow tlae hf.ah

coet of ao.._.t duriaa thte Great Society, or Blah loclec.,, •.-•illa          •fl'••
       UDder leave to ext•d., r__.ka, I *lucie the article bJ Mr. lteveoeoa.


                                   '''


                                       ..
                              CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                     GERALD R. FORD
                          HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                              RELEASE

FROM THE OFFICE OF HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICH.


                                             FOR RELEASE ON RECEIPT

                                             MARCH 25, 1966


     WASHINGTON--House Minority Leader Gerald R. Ford, R-Mich., today

proposed that Congress investigate the tash of reported sightings of

unidentified flying objects in Southern Michigan and other parts of the

country.

     Ford said he believes a congressional inquiry would be worthwhile

because the American people are becoming alarmed by the UFO stories.

     He noted that Air Force investigators have been checking on such

reports for years but have come up with nothing conclusive.

     "In the light of these new sightings and incidents," Ford said,

"it would be a very wholesome thing for a committee of the Congress to

conduct a number of hearings and to call responsible witnesses from the
                                                                          '
executive branch (of the government) and witnesses who say they have

sighted these objects."

     "I think the American people would feel better if there was a

full-blown investigation of these incidents, which some persons allege

have taken place."


                                   41 fl #
                               CONGRESSMAN                       NEWS
                 GERALD R. FORD
                            HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                              RELEASE

STATEMZNT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICH.

                                                FOR SATURDAY P. M. RELEASE
                                                MARCH 26, 1966


     One of the selling points for the $1.5 billion anti-poverty program

launched last year by the Johnson Administration was that it would take

people off the welfare rolls and reduce welfare spending.

     Yet federal welfare officials have asked a House Appropriations

subcommittee for an extra $381 million to pay welfare bills through

June 30 of this year, and this requested $381 million would be added to

the $3.2 billion Congress voted last year for fiscal 1965-66 welfare

payments to the states.

     Testimony released Friday showed that subcommittee members were

astonished by the Johnson Administration request.

     Now the House Ways and Means Committee is demanding to know why

welfare spending is mounting during a period of low unemployment--low
                                                                               '
unemployment partially caused by the manpower needs of a wartime economy.

     I also am amazed by the request for more welfare funds, and I hope

the hearings planned for this summer by the Ways and Means Committee

will produce some answers for the American taxpayer.

     This request for more welfare money casts grave doubt on the

Administration argument that the anti-poverty war will put welfare

families back on their feet.     It also reflects on the manner in which the

anti-poverty war is being waged,     I am talking now not only of political

favoritism by the Democrats and obvious misuse of taxpayer money but of the

overall strategy being employed in the war on poverty--a strategy that

produces frustrating feuding at the local level and blunts or paralyzes

an attack on the problem.


                                      # # 11
                                    CONGRESSMAN                          NEWS
                      GERALD R. FORD
                                HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                         RELEASE


                                                      FOR R~LEASE TUESDAY, P.M.


      NQ'!.'E TO ALL NEWS MZD!A:    House M:.nority Le!lde!' Gerald P.• Ford,

R-Hich:!..gan, toc:!a:" s<.2.nt tha atl;ache:l lett-er to the chai.r'2len and the rank:tng

Republi~an m~bers      of the House Committees on A~med Services and Science

and Astronautics s urging that one com:cdttee or the othe.r inve.st.:l..gate the

subject of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFO's).

     Ford is not sa::isfied wit.h the Air Fcrce explanation of the recent

sightings in l.fichtgan and deecr:!.bes the "ewe.mp gas" vs:::.sion gi,Ten by

astrophysicist J. Allen Hynek as "flippant."

     Fol·d has received a number of,\elegrams and letteo.·s from individuals

anxious to see a congressional investigation of UFO's.


                                                                                             ,
c 0 p y


March 28, 1966


Rep. George P. Miller, Chairman             Rep. L, Mendel Rivers, Chairman
Science and Astronautics Committee          Armed Services Committee
U, s. House of Representatives              u. s. House of Representatives
Washington, D.C.                            Washington, D. c.


Dear Chairmen Miller and Rivers:


No doubt you have noted the recent flurry of newspaper stories about
unidentified flying objects (UFO's). I have taken special interest in
these accounts because many of the latest reported sightings have been
in my home state of Michigan.

The Air Force sent a consultant, astrophysicist Dr. J, Allen Hynek of
Northwestern University, to Michigan to investigate the various reports;
and he dismissed all of them as the product of college student pranks or
swamp gas or an impression created by the rising crescent moon and the
planet Venus. I do not agree that all of these reports can be or should
be so easily explained away.

Because I think there may be substance to some of these reports and
because I believe the American people are entitled to a more thorough
explanation than has been given them by the Air Force to date, I am
proposing that either the Science and Astronautics Committee or the
Armed Services Committee of the House schedule hearings on the subject
of UFO's and invite testimony from both the executive branch of the
government and some of the persons who claim to have seen UFO's.

I enclose material which I think will be helpful to you in assessing the
advisability of an investigation of UFO's.

May I first call to your attention a column by Roscoe Drummond, published
last Sunday in which Mr. Drummond says, "Maybe all of these reported
sightings are whimsical, imaginary or unreal; but we need a more credible      '
and detached appraisal of the evidence than we are getting. 11

Mr. Drummond goes on to state, "We need to get all the data drawn together
to one place and examined far more objectively than anyone has done so far.
A stable public opinion will come from a trustworthy look at the evidence,
not from belittling it."

"The time has come for the President or Congress to name an objective and
respected panel to investigate, appraise, and report on all present and
future evidence about what is going on."

I agree fully with Mr. Drummond's statements. 1 also suggest you scan
the enclosed series of six articles by Bulkley Griffin of the Griffin-
Larrabee N·~"'iS Bureau here. In the last of his articles, published last
January, Hr. Griffin says, "A main conclusion can be briefly stated. It
is that the Air Force is misleading the public by its continuing campaign
to produce and maintain belief that all sightings can be explained away
as misidentification of familiar objects, such as balloons, stars, and
aircraft."

I have just today received a number of telegrams urging a congressional
investigation of UFO's. One is from retired Air Force Col, Harold R. Brown,
Ardmore, Tennessee, who says, 11 1 have seen UFO. Will be available to
testify."

Another, from Mrs. Ethyle M. Davis, Eugene, Oregon, reads, "Nine out of
ten people want .truth of UFO' s Press your investigation to the £ullest. 11


                                   (MORE)
•


    Rep. George P. Miller, Chairman
    Rep. L. Mendel Rivers, Chairman
    Page Two
    March 28, 1966


    Ronald Colier of Los Angeles, who identifies himself as "a scientist from
    M.I.T.," urges that you "do everything in your power to make Air Force
    Project Blue Book (the AF name for its study and verdicts on UFO reports)
    known to the people."

    Are we to assume that everyone who says he has seen UFO's is an unreliable
    witness?

    A UPI story out of Ann Arbor, Michigan, dated March 21, 1966, states that
    "at least 40 persons, including 12 policemen, said today that they saw
    a strange flying object guarded by four sister ships land in a swamp near
    here Sunday night."

    Matt Surrell of Station WJR, Detroit, cites an eye witness account of a
    recent UFO sighting by Emile Grenier of Ann Arbor, an aeronautical engineer
    emplnyed by Ford Motor Company. He points out that an aeronautical
    engineer can hardly be considered an untrustworthy witness.

    In the firm belief that the American public deserves a better explanation
    than that thus far given by the Air rarce, I strongly recommend that there
    be a committee investigation of the UFO phenomena.

    I think we owe it to the people to establish credibility regarding UFO's
    and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on this subject.
    Kindest personal regards.

    Sincerely,

    /sf
    Gerald R. Ford, M.C.

    GRF:plr                                                                       ,
    Enclosures


                                      ......
rca DIIDWI III IA'I                                        --=· at. 1"'

         It u • f • t - t e that h'•l._t Jolla- u •tlftlJ *lalllaa eMat a

S   to   7 ,_ o•t , _ . _ , • • ._,_ace • - t u -~-• u a • • . -
...lut •un•t taflaat.r•wr ,... . . . . . u    ,...,._.to    a ••t t.a -·•lllta'J

f.._•l     •.-•ua.
         .,_¥•• 1 MlJ _._ac.M llu .-.wa cut           a..~ata   fa CaapMa

fl'oNitlJ will a4N fl t.llll• to lila .....c u.cea• of ~--laa .......llta'J

f.._al     ..,...,t••·   1 • • . .._.. lla tllat   ...-u......1• al••
                                                                  1te       to


...-..
belf Ida o•t a,_.ial 1aJ u . .1a u     fS t.Ull• u    u alt. . .tlft to a tu


         *· J..._• _,'-.. .-.. fM•lt.le oo.a• of Mtl• to belt •
laflatloa tbat llu ..,__. all too .,.~•t to liNt of ........ • • fi'Ua

c•uola, .,_.._, c•t• of tS t.Ull• 01' . . . . •       a ts- to flO t.Ulla tax

•~•·          Va ..,..u... Mllen a ~Muc:tiaa fa --·•Ul&af        •.-•&Da u         '
...u, dae Hat •--••• u• n -.t• M al•• to Mlf Mr. , . . . _ u• ella
O.O.~•ta     la Ceaana• taU Oat ~....


                                   '''


                                         ..
                               CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                   GERALD R. FORD
                           HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                               RELEASE
FOR RELEASE ON RECEIPT


STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER. GERALD R. FORD, R-MICHIGAN

     Acting like the Air Force with flying saucer reports, Johnson
Administration economists are trying to explain away the 0,5 of one per cent
increase in the consumer price index for February.
     It makes no sense to try to make this bad news lesa bad.     The realist
will recognize the February rise in the consumer cost-of-living figures for
what it is--the largest since June of last year, which was the same.        Last
month's consumer price jump also was the biggest for a February since 1951.
     If the monthly rise in the consumer price index continues at the
February rate, it will result in a nearly six per cent jump in prices at
retail for the year.
     It should be remembered in this connection that for the November-
February period, the wholesale price rise was at a six per cent annual rate,
     This is the peril tn the February consumer price increase, coming as
it does after a wholesale price reading which shows the steepest climb in
wholesale prices for a February since the Korean War--0.7 of one per cent.         ,
     The cons\Der price rise for February brings the consumer price index
to 111.5.   This means it coat $11.15 last month to buy what $10 bought in
the 1957-59 perlo~which is used as a base for the index.
     Johnson·llumphrey Adminiatration economiets ere seeking to calm thf!
public'e fears about inflation, so they cla~ that food prices already have

begun to drop.

     Their for.ecaat of a food prlc·e decl:l.ne may prove no more trustworthy
than President Johnson's faulty ff.guree oa January-February retail sales
annouace4 at his press conference last week.
     All the American people have to go on are the governmentts monthly
readings of wholesale and consumer prices.     If, indeed, food prices do
decline this month. there may well be increases in other items.
     This much we know--prices have been increasing and sharply.     The
Johnson-Humphrey Administration, because it continuously promotes more
federal spending, is the prime cause of spiralling costs for every family.
                               CONGRESSMAN                    NEWS
                   GERALD R. FORD
                          HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                              RELEASE

FOR WEDNESDAY, P. M. RELEASE                            MARCH 30, 1966


STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICHIGAN


      It is now revealed that President Johnson was the purveyor of

misinformation when he told news reporters last week that retail sales for

January and February showed a "slight drop" from November and December.

     Mr. Johnson was eager to display to inflation-anxious Americans an

"indicator" that the economy is coaling off.

     Tuesday, we learned that the "flash" figures on which Mr. Johnson

based his statement about a drop in retail sales for January and February

were cockeyed.   Revised Census Bureau figures now disclose that retail

sales rose vigorously in January, and the guessing by government analysts

is that February sales ran slightly above the $25.016 btllion J~uary

£figure.
      It is a small wonder that the American people are doubting the

Johnson-Humphrey Administration's ability to keep the economy from running
                                                                               ,
wild when Mr. Johnson cites faulty figures.

     The revised government figures showing an increase in January-February

retail sales are another indicator that Republicans are right when they .

insist upon cutting government spending as an alternative to a tax increase.

     Since Mr. Johnson is so determined to avoid a tax increase, he should

submit a revised fiscal 1967 budget to Congress and thus do a service to

all Americans who want a tax increase no more than he does.

      It is ironic that instead Mr. Johnson is appealing to businessmen to

hold off on plant expansion and to governors and mayors to hold back on

their governmental spending.

     It would doubtless be more effective and have a greater impact on

the economy if ~.r. Johnson would take the course his cockeyed January-

February retail sales figures initally blinded him to take--reductions in

non-essential domestic spending by the federal government.
                                CONGRESSMAN                       NEWS
                    GERALD R. FORD
                           HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                              RELEASE
FOR RELEASE UPON RECEIPT                                  APRIL 1, 1966

STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICHIGAN


     No "April-Fooling" about it--it has now become more and more urgent

that Democrats in Congress join Republicans in looking for places to cut

the President's $112.8 billion budget instead of trying to inflate it.

     The reason is that French President Charles deGaulle has announced

he wants all allied commands and installations out of his country by

April 1, 1967.    France just announced it will not pay one penny toward

the cost of removing the u. s. and other allied NATO bases from French

soil, and I don't think there is any way we can force France to assume

any of that tTemendous expense.

     Estimated cost of the move-out runs as high as $2,5 billion, according

to news dispatches from Paris where deGaulle and his cabinet yesterday

met on the question for 2~ hours.     The cabinet firmly rejected a demand

by us and our NATO allies that France pay for removing the NATO bases.

     It has been impossible for me to learn the extent to which our 13
                                                                                  '
NATO allies apart from France will share in the cost of base removal; but

since most of the installations are ours, we know the U. s. will pay most

of the bill.     A good guess is that our share will exceed $1 billion.

     This will create an unanticipated and heavy drain on u. S, defense

funds in fiscal 1967 at a time when we are pouring billions of dollars into

Vietnam with no end in sight.

     This is something that has received little attention, eclipsed as

it is by the Vietnam war and by the problem of inflation here at home.       It

is an added reason why Congress should cut spending as a move to halt

inflation and avoid a tax increase.

     There is no question that the reorganizing of NATO's supply lines in

Europe will require heavy military expenditures by the u.    s.   I personally

am most concerned and feel this is another reason for Congress to cut back

non-military spending.
                               CONGRESSMAN                   NEWS
                    GERALD R. FORD
                           HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                             RELEASE

FOR LMMEDIATE RELEASE                                     APRIL 1, 1966


STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICHIGAN


        I am shocked and outraged by the charge reportedly made last night

by a John Birch Society official in Arkansas that President Johnson was

under Communist influence in civil rights matters.

        The President and I have had our political differences, as you well

know.     But if anybody says Lyndon B. Johnson was under Communist influence

on this issue,they will have to say the same of all of us who have

championed human decency and equal justice in this country.

        The author of these remarks in Arkansas, according to the UPI, also

smeared the late President Kennedy with the same foul brush just as another

John Birch official has smeared former President Eisenhower.

        I believe in a good hard political fight and intend to make one this

year for a Republican Congress that will keep a close eye on President

Johnson for the rest of his term.     But I think partisanship should stop far
                                                                                 ,
short of the cesspool.


                                     # 1! I!
                              CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                GERALD R. FORD
                          HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                              RELEASE

FOR SUNDAY A.M. RELEASE                                    APRIL 3, 1966


STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICHIGAN


     As I had expected, some persons have ridiculed ~y call for aoongressional.

investigation of unidentified flying objects (UFO's).      These people are a

fraction of those who have given me their reaction to my proposal.         The

overwhelming majority of those expressing a view in letters to me believe

a congressional investigation would be useful and is needed.

     Those who scoff at the idea of a congressional investigation of UFO's

apparently are unaware that the House Armed Services Committee has scheduled

a closed-door hearing on the matter Tuesday with the Air Force and that

Rep. Joseph E. Karth, D-Minn., headed a three-man subcommittee which held

two days of hush-hush hearings five years ago on behalf of the House Science

and Astronautics Committee.    Karth has confirmed in conversation with a

member of my staff that he conducted these secret hearings.

     The present Science and Astronautics Committee chairman, Rep. George P.
                                                                                    ,
Miller, D-Calif., has shied away from a UFO probe at this time, saying his

committee does not have jurisdiction over the Air Force.       But the late

Rep. Overton Brooks, D-La., obviously had different ideas because he tapped

Karth to summon Air Force witnesses and question them after a flurry of UFO

sightings in 1961.

     Karth has informed me that his subcommittee made an oral report to the

full committee but never released anything to t.he public.      According to

Charles F. Ducander, the committee's staff director, no record was made of

conversation between Karth    s·ubcommittee members and Air Force witnesses.

The hearings, he said, took place in Karth's congressional office.

     I have never said that I believe any of the reported UFO sightiags~

indicate visits to earth from another planet.       Apart from pranks and natural

phenomena, some of these objects may well be products of experimentation by

our own military.    If this is so, why doesn't the Air Force concede it and

in this way reassure the American people?     There would be no need to go into

detail on the nature of the experiments.
                              CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                GERALD R. FORD
                         HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                              RELEASE

FOR RELEASE UPON RECEIPT                                   APRIL 5, 1966


STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MCIHIGAN


     In line with his "jawbone" campaign to cool off the economy and try

to halt inflation, President Johnson is setting an example by postponing

construction of "two little rooms to a house that we have down home that

we will occupy some of these days."

     If Mr. Johnson thinks it important to defer adding "two little

rooms" to a house he owns, then it would be only logical for him to veto

the Hubert Humphrey House bill now awaiting his signature.      By vetoing

that bill, the President would deal inflation a much weightier blow than

by his deferment of the two-room addition he speaks of.      He would be

putting off a $750,000 construction project which hardly falls into the

category of essential wartime spending.

     In explaining his decision to postpone the two-room addition to his

house, Mr. Johnson said:     "I asked Mrs. Johnson ••• to defer those two     '
rooms because the construction people who would be working on them would

be very much in demand."

     The same is true, of course, about Hubert Humphrey House.

     Mr. Johnson said his two-room addition was "a little thing" but
added that i f everybody postpones non-essential building "the economy

won't get out of our hands, and the prices won't go up five per cent in

the next five months."

     I suggest to the President that he could set an even better example

for the people by vetoing the bill which will put Hubert Humphrey House

on the drawing boards.     He has until Saturday to sign the bill.   He can

strike a blow against inflation by vetoing it.
......   - -·
          .,.-


                                               CONGRESSMAN                      NEWS
                                    GERALD R. FORD
                                            HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                               RELEASE

                 FOR WEDNESDAY P.M. RELEASE                                 APRIL 6, 1966


                 STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICHIGAN.


                         I feel certain the House will pass highway safety and tire safety

                 bills in some form this year.     I personally feel there should be action

                 in this area.     But it might be useful at this point, when the Senate

                 hearings on highway safety are in progress and House hearings are to

                 start late this month, to try to put auto safety in proper perspective.

                         There is danger in the sensationalism of the Senate hearings.      It

                 tends to distort the auto safety problem, throw it out of proportion.

                 Dramatic testimony has been presented to the effect that 1965 Chevrolets

                 and 1964 and 1965 Chevelles equipped with Powerglide Transmission present

                 a potential hazard--the possibility that the accelerator will stick when

                 kept at the same level for some time under certain winter driving condidDns.

                         Testimony making GM out to be a villain is obscuring the fact that

                 GM knows of only five incidents resulting from this potential hazard.           ,
                 Also drowned out in the tumult and the shouting is the fact that no

                 injuries occurred in any of the five incidents.      GM is calling all of

                 these cars back--as, of course, it should--and is installing a splash

                 guard at a total cost of $3 million to protect against any further incidents.

                         I am not trying to minimize the seriousness of a development of this

                 kind.

                         But I do believe there is a temptation under the circumstances to try

                 to pin most automobile accidents on the manufacturer, saying he simply

                 isn't engineering enough safety into his product.      Of course, we want

                 safety built into our cars, but we must not lose sight of the fact that

                 auto accidents are caused by a variety of factors--and it is highly unusual

                 to find the kind of potential hazard in new automobiles w~h GM is QQJI'

                 tak,~.ngsteps   to eliminate in 1.5 million of its cars.

                         There is also much to be learned from a four-year on-the-spot study

                 of fatal auto accidents in the Ann Arbor, Michigan, area just completed

                 by University of Michigan scientists Donald F. Huelke and Paul W. Gikas.

                                                     (MORE)
                                    -2-


AUTO SAFETY STATEMENT


     Their study, believed to be the most extensive of its kind ever made,

indicated that 71 of the 177 persons killed in the Ann Arbor area auto

acci~~u~~had they boon wearing seat belts--that's

nearly ... a            nc otthose who died.
     The study also showed that an additional 35 of the victims would have

survived had they been wearing shoulder harnesses as well as seat belts.

     The additional 35 brings to 106 the number of persons among the 177

victims who would have lived had both seat belts and shoulder harnesses

been used.

     It is difficult, of course, to get people to wear shoulder harnesses.

They are extremely uncomfortable.    And you and I also know that many

people driving cars equipped with seat belts use them maybe half the time.

It's easy to point the finger at the auto manufacturers.    It's about

time we also pointed a finger at ourselves.

     There should be a three-pronged attack on the highway safety problem--

by government, by industry, and by the driver .


                                    # 11 #
                                                                              '


               ..
                  GERALD R. FORD
                                CONGRESSMAN                   NEWS
                            HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                              RELEASE

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                     APRIL 7, 1966


     House Minority Leader Gerald R. Ford, R-Mich., will tour the First

Congressional District of Wisconsin April 22 and 23 with Henry C. &:hadeberg,

Republican candidate for Congress.

     Ford will speak at a campaign kick-off dinner for Schadeberg Friday

evening, April 22, at the new Carthage College Field House in Kenosha

before an expected audience of 1,600 Schadeberg supporters.

     Saturday, April 23, Ford will address a Walworth County breakfast

meeting at the Green Shutters Restaurant in Whitewater at 8:30 A. M. and

a luncheon rally at the Aero Park hall in Janesville at 12:30 P. M.

     Ford, congressman from the Fifth District of Michigan, is in his

18th year in Congress.     He was elected Minority Leader of the House of

Representatives at the opening of the 89th Congress on January 4, 1965.

During the 88th Congress (1963-64) he was Chairman of the Republican

Conference of the House.     Before becoming Minority Leader, Ford served on

the committee on Appropriation~ where he was senior Republican on the            ,
Defense Appropriations Subcommittee.

     Schadeberg is campaigning to return to Congress from the First District

of Wisconsin.   From 1961 to 1964 he represented the area composed of Racine,

Kenosha, Walworth, and Rock counties in the 87th and 88th Congresses.       A

resident of Burlington, Schadeberg was minister at the Plymouth Congregational

Church before his election to Congress.


                                     # # 41
                 1st DISTRICT REPUBLICAN PARTY
                                 Freel D. Hartley, Chairman
                                       P.O. Box 629
                                  KENOSHA, WISCONSIN


                                            *
                                            ~~1                   FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE

       House Mtnerity Leader• Gerald R. Per~Will tour the First

  co~ressional   District of Wisconsin April 22 and 23 with Henry c.
  §chadeberg, Repbblican candidate for Congress.

       Ford will speak at a campaign kick-off dinner for Schadeberg•

  Friday evening,
          c .
                  April 22, at the new Carthage College Field House in

  Kenosha~(expected audience ef 1600 Schadeberg supporters.
       Saturday, April 23, Ford will address a Walworth County breaKfast

  meeting at the Green Shutters Restaurant in Whitewater at 8:30AM, and a

  luncheon rally at the Aero Park hall in Janesville at 12:30 PM .                  /"C ~1
                                                                       ~         ~ ~If~
       ':ord,/engressman from the Fifth District ef Michisan)'&>'iijpj&i)( c::::-         ·

~ongres~                                He was elected Minority Leader of

  the House of Representatives at the opening of the 89th Congress on

  January 4, 1965.   During the 88th Congress (1963-64) he was Chairman

  of the Republican Conference of the House.          Before becoming Minority

                                                                       he was tia

                                                                           &Sf


       ~ Schadeberg       is campaigning to return to Congress from the
                                                                                              '
  First District of Wisconsin.    From 1961 to 1964 he represented

  the area compoaedgof Racine, Kenosha, Walworth, and Rock counties

  in the 87th and 88th Congresses.     A resident ef Burlington, Schadeberg

  was minister at ~ Plymouth Congregational Church before his election

  to Congress.

                                     ****


                                            '   .
•   I


                       1st DISTRICT REPUBLICAN PARTY
                                      Fred D. Hartley, Chairman
                                            P.O. Box 629
                                       KENOSHA, WISCONSIN

                                                 *
            Racine Joumal Times, News Desk, Racine, Wis.
            Pictorial News Advertiser, 256 s. Pine street, .Burlington, Wis.
            The standard Press, Burlington, Wis.
            Mukwonago Chief, Mukwonago, Wis.
            Boyal Publishing, Inc., Mr. Inan Muehleiser1, 1102 Mound Street, Racine, Wis.
            Union Grove Sun, Union Grove, Wisconsin .53182
            The Nu Vue, Rl.chllond, illinois 6ooft,
            Kenosha Erening News, Kenosha, Wis • .5311f0
            WA.XO P.o. Box 72.5, Kenosha, Wis. .53140
        '-Radio station WLIP c/o Wm. Lipman, Kenosha National Bank m.dg. Kenosha, Wis• .53140
            Westosha Report, Mn Lakes, Wis • .53181
            Beloit Daily News, Political News l!liitor, Beloit, Wis • .53.511
            Radio station WBliL, 430 state street, Beloit, Wis • .53.511
            / Radio station WGEZ, Beloit, Wis., .53.511 c/o Jack Rl.eley, News Dlr.
           -Clinton Tipper, Clinton, Wis. 53.525
            Fdgerton Reporter, Fdgerton, Wis • .53.534
            Evansville Review and Brooklyn Teller, EvansvUle, Wis. .53536
            Radio station WCW c/o Vem W. WUl1a11s, Janesville, Wis. 53.545
            Milton-Junction Courier, Milton Junction, Wisconsin , 53.564
        lDelavan &lterprise, 621 E. Geneva st. Delavan, Wis. 53115
            News-Graphic, Delavan 5311.5
           ,East Troy News, 123 Mill street, East Troy, Wis. 53120
            El.khom Independ~t, El.khom, Wi s. 53121
            Lake Geneva Regional News, Lake Geneva, Wis. 53147
            Lloyd Nawak, studio Mgr. WVIR Radio, Hwy. 50 east, Lake Geneva, .53147
            Sharon Reporter, Slaron, Wis. 5~5
            Walworth T:laes, Walworth, Wis., .53184
            Whitewater Register, Whitewater, Wis • .53190
            Albany Herald, Albany, Wis. 53502
         ·. Brodhead Independent, Brodhead, Wis.
            Milwaukee Metro, 3072 N. 27th street. Milwaukee .53210
            Milwaukee Ser1tinel, .lditor, state Desk, Milwaukee, Wis • .53210
            WISn-TV Newsroom, 7.59 N. 19th st. Milwaukee, Wis. 53233
            Channell4, WTMJ-TV Newsroom, 720 E. Capitol Dr. Milwaukee, Wis.
            Carl Zimmeman WITI-TV, 5445 N. 27th st. Milwaukee, Wis. 53209
            FACTS, P.o. Box 31, Madison, Wisconsin, 53701                                       '
         1 -Wisconsin  state Joumal, 11.5 s. Carro ~l Madison, .53703
         "Radio Station WEKZ, Joseph Urban, Monroe, Wis. .53566
        (-'Monroe Evening Times, Monroe, Wis. 53.566, c/o E:Unund c. Hamilton
        '-Antioch News, Lake County Reporter, Antioch, lllinois
        (Badio Station WMCW, News Department, Harvard, Illinois
           ;,Rockford Homing Star, News Tower Bldg. Rockford, Illinois
        1'Milwaukee Journal, News Desk, Milwaukee, llis•


                                                ..
                              CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                 GERALD R. FORD
                          HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                              RELEASE

FOR RELEASE UPON RECEIPT                                   APRIL 7, 1966


STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R-MICH.


       I urge this Congress to change its rubber-stamping,    loose-speudi~g


ways when it returns from Easter Recess.

       The 89th Congress in this session has continued to be a rubber stamp

for the White House.    On critical votes most Democrats have done whatever
President Johnson told them to do.       They don't seem to have minds of their

own.
       This Congress in the first three months of this year has resumed the

wild spending spree it embarked on in 1965.       This has caused painful

inflation, increases in automobile and telephone excise taxes, and now the

strong possibility of an income tax increase.

       The way the Johnson Administration and the tcp-heavy Democratic

majorities in Congress are throwing the people's money around, one would

almost think there was no war going on in Vietnam.       It's acting like a         '
business-as-usual Congress, not a war Congress.

       It's claimed this is one of the hardest working of all Congresses. I

say the hardest work is being done in certain major committees by those

Democrats intent on inflating already bloated Administration spending

requests.

       It's claimed this has been one of the most productive Congresses.        I

say this Congress has moved at a rather slow pace, and the product is

nothing to be proud of.     Apart from quick action on emergency money requests

for the multi-billion-dollar Vietnam war, the thing that stands out is

Mr. Johnson's $6 billion tax bill.

       It's said this Congress is living up to the reputation it established

in the first session.     That's true.    It is living up to a reputation for

big spending and total disregard of the taxpayer's wishes.
                                  CONGRESSMAN                      NEWS
                      GERALD R. FORD
                              HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                   RELEASE
FOR RELEASE MONDAY P. M., APRIL 11, 1966


     WASHINGTON--House Minority Leader Gerald R. Ford, Mich., will address the

Republican faithful at appreciation dinners for two GOP members of the House in

appearances April 15-16 in California.

     Ford will speak the evening of April 15 at Santa Rosa on behalf of Rep.Don H.

Clausen.     The Clausen dinner is sponsored by the First District Republican

Committee.

     The House GOP leader will be the principal speaker April 16 at a Lincoln-

Day-in-April dinner at Burbank honoring Rep. Ed Reinecke of California's 27th

congressional district.

     Prior to the Clausen dinner, Ford will speak to the Republican Associates

of San Diego County at San Diego.

     On his swing into Santa Roaa, Ford will arrive at 4:40 p.m. at San Francisco

International Airport, where a press conference is scheduled.

     He will spend the night of April 15 at San Francisco and will have another

press conference at 10:30 a.m. April 16 at the Hilton Inn before departing for

Burbank.
                                                                                           '
     Ford will fly from San Francisco to Los Angeles, where he is due at 3:30p.m.
There he will be greeted by a Burbank civic committee.        Burbank city officials
will be having their own annual dinner-dance that evening and so will be unable

to attend the Ford-Reinecke dinner.

     Ford will meet the press at Burbank at 5:30 p.m. and later mingle with
guests at a social hour preceding the dinner for Reinecke.

     Ford has made more than 200 speeches throughout the country since becoming
House Republican leader January 4, 1965.    Congressman from Michigan's Fifth

District, he is serving his 18th year in the House.        During the 88th Congress, he
was Chairman of the House Republican Conference.        Before becoming Minority Leader,
he was ranking Republican on the House Defense Appropriations Subcommittee.

     Clausen, of Crescent City, was elected to Congress January 23, 1963, to fill
a vacancy caused by the death of Democratic Rep. Clem Miller.        He was reelected

to the 89th Congress.
     Reinecke is a first-termer who was named whip of the California Republican

delegation January 6, 1965.
                                   CONGRESSMAN                   NEWS
                       GERALD R. FORD
                               HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                 RELEASE
                                            FOR RELEASE ON DELIVERY AT 10:30 A.M.
                                            THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1966

STATJ!MENT BY REP. GERALD R. FORD, HOUSE MINORITY LEADER.

     Yesterday was the birthday of Thomas Jefferson.     Today is the anniversary

of Abraham Lincoln's death.     Tomorrow, as most of us are unhappily aware

even without this reminder is Great Society Tax Day--the deadline for filing

your federal income tax returns for 1965.

     President Johnson is in Mexico City today unveiling a statue of Abraham

Lincoln, so I suppose it will not be amiss for me to say a few words in praise

of Thomas Jefferson.

     Jefferson, though he called himself a Republican, is regarded now as the

Father of the Democratic Party.     Lincoln, the first Republican president, was

himself a great admirer of Jefferson, saying that "the principles of Jefferson

are the definitions and axioms of free society."     For his part, Jefferson

declared that "every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle •••

We are all Republicans; we are all federalists."

     So without quibbling about labels, let me merely note that we are all today      ,
indebted to Thomas Jefferson for one major contribution to our system of

government.     He was the Founding Father who started the Two-Party System.   You

might say that, as Vice-President, he was the first minority leader here on

Capitol Hill.    And the country has prospered under the two-party system which

developed;-thanks to Jefferson--outside the provisions of the Constitution.

It added another and most important check and balance to our experiment in

self-government.

    As to Jefferson's principles, during his presidency he cut federal spending,

reduced taxes, repaid $33 million of the national debt,and repealed the excise

tax on whisky.     Whether he was the last Democrat or the first Republican to do

this I will leave for historians to argue.

     There certainly can be no argument, however, about the differences of

principle that divide our two parties in this lopsided 89th Congress.     There is

no doubt which is the spending party and which is the prudent party. Nevertheless,

we keep hearing noises from the direction of the White House that we 140

Republicans in the House of Representatives, outnumbered more than two to one, _, .

                                        {MORE).
                                         -2-

FORD STATEMENT - APRIL 14, 1966

are wrecking the Johnson-Humphrey Administration's earnest efforts to economize

and head off higher taxes.     The President pleads with us and with the housewives

and businessmen and the farmers and labor leaders to sharpen our pencils and help

him halt inflation.

     Well, I have sharpened my pencil on my income tax forms, so let me show you

a little simple arithmetic:

     At this moment, there are 293 Democrats and 140 Republicans in the House.

That is a two-to-one majority with 13 votes to spare.       Even the liberal

"Democratic Study Group" in the House of Representatives boasts enough members

to outvote the Republican minority.

     In the Senate there are 68 Democrats, including Wayne Morse, and 32

Republicans.   That's also a two-to-one majority with four votes to spare.

     In short, this is a Blank Check Democratic Congress which can do virtually

anything it pleases, or anything President Johnson pleases, whether the

Republican Loyal Opposition likes it or not.       Such lopsided legislative majorities

can spend your money, raise your taxes--and that's exactly what this        Blank Check

Democratic Congress is doing.

     And remember, no matter what President Johnson says or how fervently he

pleads with the housewives to stop buying steaks, the responsib~lity for federal
                                                                                          ,
spending and for federal taxing rests with the Congress.       This Blank Check

Democratic Congress will have to face the Ameri.can voter in November, anc the

people will know who are the spenders and who are the savers.

     They will know because there will be roll calls on every spending bill that

comes to the House of Representatives which offers any hope of saving a single

wasted dollar of your money.

     We asked President Johnson at the outset of this session to put wartime

priorities on bt• wartime budget requests.       So far he has refuGed.   We have gone

along with our elected commander in chief on everything he has asked to support

our fighting men in South Vietnam--but when I read what is happening over there

and how we are running short of bombs despite all the billions we have voted

for defense, I wonder how long we can underwrite shocking mismanagement in the

name of national unity.

     We are certainly going to take hard second looks at all the rest of the

Johnson-Humphrey spending proposals when the Congress resumes.

     Now here is the record on nondefense spending rolled up by the Blank Check
Democratic Congress thus far this session:       On six key money measures, an

                                        (MORE)
                                          -3-
FORD STAT&IENT - APRIL 14, 1966

of 82 per cent of the Democrats have voted for higher spending and, inevitably,

higher taxes.      (See Table)

        On the same six roll calls in the HOuse of Representatives, an average of

93 per cent of my Republican minority colleagues have stood up for economy and

the now dwindling hope of holding off inflation and higher federal taxes for

future April fifteenths.

        We were Jaced with 3 new spending proposals, all having some merit in normal

times     but steamrollered through the Blank Check Democratic Congress by lopsided

majorities.     Then we tried to trim excess fat from 3 appropriation bills which

came to us before the recess.      Some of these proposals were worthy, and they had

powerful advocates.      But we are at war~-and not doing too well with it.    So again

the roll was called.     Again the result was the same.   Ninety-three per cent of

the Republicans were for savina; 82 per cent of the Blank Check Democrats were

for 1110-re .spending.

        Who votes for higher taxes?   Democrats--four out of five of them.    We cannot

expect to stop this steamroller without substantial help from any Jeffersonian

Democrats still left in the Congress--and it doesn't look like there are very

many of them left.

        But we are going to make the record clear for the people to judge in

November, and I predict that the next Congress will be known as the Check and
                                                                                          ,
Balance Congress instead of the Blank Check Congress.      I am confident that here

in the legislative branch, at least, this country will have the right kind of

leadership next year to meet the mounting array of dilemmas and disasters at

home and abroad.


                                          II # II
    •

•


        TOTAL STRENGTH:     293 DEMOCRATS   VS..   140 REPUBLICANS   (Two seats vacant)


                           m ECONOMY   ~£ill.§.      IN!!!§ HOUSE - 1966


         DEMOCRATS VOTING                                        REPUBLICANS VOTING
         FOR SPENDING MORE                                       FOR CUTS AND SAVING
                 82%                                                     93%
               (Average)                                               {Average)


                  88%            Five per cent cut in                      95%
                                 Interior Appropriations.
                                          4/6/66
                  93%            Five per cent cut in                      89%
                                 Postal-Treasury Appro-
                                 priations.
                                          4/6/66

                  75%             $12,000,000 Supplemental                 95%
                                  for Rent Subsidies.
                                           3/29/66

                  76%             $750,000 new authority                   95io
                                  for H.H.H. House.
                                           3/22/66

                  79%             $4,600,000 new authority                 94%
                                  for Alaska Centennial.
                                           3/2/66

                  83%             $9,500,000 new authority                 87%
                                  for Florida "Interama'!                                 ,
                                           2/3/66


                                 !lliQ VOTES ~ HIGHER TAXES?
                                  CONGRESSMAN                   NEWS
                       GERALD R. FORD
                             HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                RELEASE
                          FOR RELEASE ON RECEIPT, APRIL 18

     President Johnson is going to have to make a big decision soon-whether to

make greater usc of our air and sea power or to send many more U. s. troopa to

Vietnam, maybe an additional 200,000 or more.,

     We apparently must make such a choice to achieve even a stalemate in Vietnam

and to gain a cease-fire in a war that now looks like a war without end.

     Infiltration of enemy troops from North Vietnam into the south has been

officially estimated at 4,500 a month.    How should we deal with this continued

infU tration 1

     U. s. combat losses so far this year already have exceeded those for all of
1965--1,361 Army, Marine, Navy, and Air Force men killed in combat between

Januarr 1 and April 9 as compared with 1,342 men in all of last year.

     This reflects the fact that there were only about 25,000 American troops in

Vietnam last year at this t~e, while there now are more than 240,000 there.

     Use of more air and sea firepower would seem preferable to sending more u. s~
manpower to Vietnam.    Let's try this before sending more of our boys into combat.

     I feel use of more air and sea power could save thousands of American lives
and hasten the accomplishing of our objective in Vietnam--to stop Communist             ,
aggression, persuade the enemy to agree to a negotiated settlement, and promote

an honorable and lasting peace.

     Is there a shortage of certain kinds of bombs in Vietnam?      The Pentagon has
acknowledged that our factories will not be turning out new 750-pound bombs until

July and that meantime we're resorting to such things as buying back 5,570

750-pounders we sold to a West German fertilizer firm which wanted the nitrate

from the explosives.

     We find that the Pentagon sold these bombs to the West German firm for $l.f0
apiece two years ago a.nd now is buying them back for $21 apiece.     That means the
German firm is making a gross profit of $102,124 on the deal--1, 200 per centi:mfit.

     If there is no shortage of 750-pound bombs, then I can't understand why the

Defense Department would be w!.lling to buy back it.s own bombs.    Let the Pentagon

explain that away.

     I say such an incident substantiates my charge of misma~agement.      I say it's

a glaring example of mismanagement.    And !.'m sure the American people will feel

the s~e way about it.
                                              CONGRESSMAN                    NEWS
                           GERALD R. FORD
                                          HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                             RELEASE
                                   fOR. RELEASE WEDNESDAY P. M.
                                           APRIL 20, 1966

STATEM!Itt BY HOUSE MINORITY LBADER GERALD B.. fORD, R-MICHIGAN.

   President Johnson today asked Congress to give its blessing to a government
debt refinancing scheme that resembles a gigantic crap game with the taxpayer
the only ooe wbo loses.
   What the President proposes to do is to dump $4.2 billion in government loans
into a pot at the federal National Mortgage Association (lNMA) and invite
inveatmeat firma to grab a piece of the action--put some money into a government
revolving fund and get paid off with interest by the taxpayer for their trouble.
   The conventional way to handle this kind of debt is to sell g~vernment bonds.
But this would show up in Presiden~ , Johnaon's budget.              It also would be subject
                           ~l'o-u.-l.G\
to t~e 1df!bt l~it.l&Copg~ess ~efusetfs. to approve the Pr~ident 1 s refinancing
   ""'"" ~ l,u.~ Z\..~-~                  12_ '                      ~
                                                                                               (A
 cheme~lFbe projectea ohnson deficit for fiacal 1967 u~ not $1.8 billion
                           (.f   ,..,..


                                                                       .f\
but $6 bUUon.
   It costs more in interest to refinance as the President proposes.                If Congress
rubber-stamps the President's refinancing bill, the taxpayer will pay off to
private investors to the tune of up to $210 million more over the 10-year life
of the refinancing game.            The lid also will be off the national debt.
   Why ia Mr. Johnson wUlins to IQ&ke a goat of the ta~ayer with his refinancing                    '
scheme?
   He wants to tpend more but ma~• it look like less.                He wants a budget that
looks smaller on the outside but is bigger on the inside.                And he wants to get
out from under the debt ceiling •ith government agency loans.
  This 1a the Great Deception of the Great Society.                 Mr. Johnson found himself

with a $6 billion fiscal 1967 deficit--not a $1.8 billion red ink figure--until
hla budget director tucked the ball under his jersey and pulled a sneak run around
the budget. Congrea1 baa to stop this run around the budget before it crosses the
goal line.
   This devious financing scheme is just another handle for backdoor spending.
  Mr. Johnson ie trying to treat the taxpayer like the spendthrift husband who
keeps his debts hidden from his wife.                That chap runs up a lot of bills,con~dates
his debts by borrowing fresh money from a finance company at higher rates and then
blithely resumes his role of the big spender.
   Unless Congress rejects the President's r~g pl an, the road to greater
inflation will be wide open. Congressional'app•••~~~ommittees will have no
no say in future lending operations of the agencies involved. The eommittees will
not be standing in the way to say this is as far as you go. They may as well ~g
up a "gone fishing" sign over their doors.         # fl #
•
    ..


                                          CONGRESSMAN                     NEWS
                                GERALD R. FORD
                                      HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                          RELEASE
                                 FOR RELEASE ON RECEIPT-APRIL 21. 196

         STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LlW>ER GERALD R. FORD, ll-MICHIGAN

             A week ago, in reiterating that the Republican minority in the House had given
         the President every penny he has asked for defense purposes, I raised a question of
         serious shortages and inadequate advance planning by the civilian managers in the
         Penatagon which, according to widely publicized reports by reliable and patriotic
         Americans close to the scene, have been and still are hampering theatepped•up level
         of combat operations in Vietnam.
             These reports, coincident with serious internal disturbances in that troubled
         country, came as something of a surpriee to me, to a great many members of the
         Congress,of both parties, as well as to the millions of Americans we are here to
         represent.    We had been told 1n October 1963, by Secretary of Jefense McNamara,
         that most Americaas would be out of South Vietnam by the end of 1965.     We had been
         assured, again by Mr. McNamara early last year that neither more combat troops nor
         more money would be needed in South Vietnam.     Late last year, the Defense Secretary
         returned from a personal inspection of the aituatioa there to say, ''We have stopped
         losing the war!" And we have been told ever since that the situation was improving
         day by day.                                                                              ,
             So it produced something of a sonic shock wave when suddenly the front pages of
         the newspapers and the radio and television newscasts were full of reports of
         internal unrest, attacks on Americana, and curtailment of combat operations against
         the Communist enemy.   These were variously attributed to supply tieups, shortages
         of essential equipment, and civil disturbances in South Vietnam.     Evidence mounted,
         and continues to mount, that the Pentagon planners were not adequately prepared to
         cope with the kind of limited, non-nuclear type of military operation for which
         they have supposedly been reorganizing since the end of the Eisenhower adminiatra-
         tion, with much fanfare about modern management methods.
             When I raised the question of mismanagement, Mr. McNamara quickly--perhaps too
         quickly--sought to smother it by sheer weight of computer-like statistics.     He
         called a quickie press conference that afternoon and personally declassified large
         areas of secret information about u. s. bomb loads and backlogs.    This information
         vas presumably classified on the grounds of national security and potential value
         to the enemy.    It was not the first time he has removed the "secret" label when
         criticism of tbe Pentagon came too close for comfort.

                                                 (MORE)
REP. FORD STATEMENT - APRIL 21 j 1966

    In the course of Mr. McMama~a'a new' conference to discredit his critics--who
have never supposed or suggested that any of hi• miotakes were deliberate or
dishonorable--the Secretary found himself partially confirming our concern.                    He
admitted that the Air Force had to buy back 750-pound bombs which had originally
cost u. s. taxpayers $330 apiece, were sold as surplus to a West German fertilizer
firm two years ago for $1.70 apiece, and have now been recovered for $21 apiece~
If this is good management, I am mistaken about the meaning of the word. If there
was no bomb shortage, was this transaction really necessary?
    Mr. McNamara also denied there is any shipping shortage affecting Vietnam,                      Yet
only last Monday there were reliable reports--one headlined "U. S. Again Short Of
Viet Ships" from the April 18 Journal of Commerce--that the government is trying to
get 20 or more additional vessels from private shipping compenies.               It is a known
fact that ships have been stacked up for weeks as far away as Manila waiting to
unload their Vietnam cargoes.       Mr. McNamara cites figures on Post Exchange supplies

delivered to Saigon in answer to allegations that our airmen haven't enough bombs.
    He says there is no ship shortage, only shortages of dock facilities~                I am
not interested in playing word games, nor am I interested in playing politics with
this serious situation.       I am only i&terested·-snd I th!nk every member of the
House and Senate, Democ~ats aud Republicans, is also i~terested--in seeing that the
billions for defense we have unhesitatingly voted is well and wisely spent and that
every American sent 10,000 miles frem home is given all the support and supplies he
                                                                                                          ,
needs to protect himself, d&ecnd all of us, and bring the war to a swift and
satisfactory end.
    There h&s never been any doubt in m, mind that every one o£ my colleagues in
the House and Senate, regardleas of party, agrees completely on this point.                    I am
proud to see such distinguished Americans and distingui.shed Democrats as Senator
Stennis say, as he did on a national telev1sion network last Sunday, that his
Preparedness Subcommittee has found evidet:ce of ''mismanagement" in Pentagon planmng
for the war.    I ~ encouraged to hear that Mr. McNamara conceded before the
Fulbright co::nmittee that we have some ''temporary dislocations of supplies" in South
Vietnam because that means th&t he is going to do something about it. I am informed
that he sent his chief of Air Force l~giedcs to Saigcn to itri72Stigate what he
cells the :-.. ~n-ex.7:.atent bomb s~.oxtag~a and to eliminate them.      That's what we want.
    But I ~ deet<:.y conce.:-ned that Mr. Me~;<~ara, in his Seneca test.iuony yeste;:d.ay,
brushed oH the concerr, of millions        ,z, patt'iotic Americans a!l "all t'his baioney."
t share thic concern, &td I shall CfYu'ti.:.'..;.~ to express :'~ot.   I think such able membere
of Cong:etJa as Senator Stenn~.. s, Chal~ill.iU C.:.:r.1ill&t~ of t~1e House Merchant Marine
                                             (MO!~Z)
                                         -3-

REP. FORD STAT &lENT - APRIL 21, 1966
Committee, and Congressman Otis Pike of the House Armed Services Committee share
it.    I know that many responsible newsmen here, covering the Pentagon and sharing
risks with our fighting men in Vietnam will continue to express their concern
because that is our obliaation to the American people,
      Now here are just a few of the reports that have come in to corroborate the
question I raised a week ago:
     1. New York Ttmes Correspondent Neil Sheehan, in a front page story from
Saigon yesterday, reported that since April 6 "the number of Air Force attack
sorties in South Vietnam has ~ to about 43 per cent of its former level"--
from 185 daily sorties dropping about 1000 bombs on Communist targets to an
average of 83 sorties and 400 bombs. Rocket firings, according to this reliable
report, have fallen even more spectacularly from 2800 a week to 98. Mr. Sheehan
says further that our planes are being sent out against the enemy with light
loads--which is another way of saying more American manpower is being exposed to
combat risks with less firepower. The tlew York Times dispatch states that "Air
Force officers in Vietnam have repeatedly warned the Pentagon over the last four
months that munitions were not arriving fast enough to meet requirements" and so
far ehey are still inadequate. This has nothing to do with recent civil
disturbances at South Vietnamese porta nor with the internal distribution system
of our fine military field commanders under Gen. Westmoreland, according to
Mr. Sheehan's sources. This New York Times report was called to Mr. McNamara's
attention in the Senate hearings yesterday and he called it "baloney."
    2. Earlier, CBS News Correspondent Peter Kaliscber) quoting what he called
an "unimpeachable" source, reported from Saigon that "a dire lack of ammunition
and explosives" bas forced a cutback in U~ s. Air Force sorties from over 400
to less than 100 per day. Kaliseber said the critical shortage was not in bombs
but in fuses and other key parts that make bombs usable. He also reverted a
shortage of 20-millimeter cannon shells and planes taking off half-loaded.
"Only emergency missions and those in direct support of ground forces operations
are be$ng flown," CBS Mews said. This and other careful reports from trained
war correspondents on the scene also, apparently, come under Mr. McNamara's
category of "all this baloney."
    3. The long-range management of our overall defense effort can be faulted                                  ,
for its failure to adequately anticipate the needs of the American Merchant
Marine. a subject which we discussed at some length yesterday at the House
Republican Policy Committee press conference. As recently as the start of this
year, Mr. MCNamara testified that our merchant fleet was adequate for our defense
needs and reaffirmed his earlier preference for airlift. Yet this week the
administration is reportedly trying to scrape up 20 or more additional u. s.
flag carriers, and the current budget includes funds for replacement of only
9 to 13 of the World War II merchant ships that form the bulk of our dwindling
~rchant marine--now fallen to about 1000 vessels, mostly old, while the Soviet
Union has 1500, mostly newt and 673 more building or on order. In this connection,
I note that Mr. McNamara yesterday brushed off questions by the distinguished
senator from Kansas. Senator Carlson, about the resale of surplus items by NATO
nations. He said it was all "World War II equipment junk." It's a sad fact
this is true of much of the Merchant Marine that he considers perfectly adequate.
But our alarm over shipping is more ''baloney."
    4. the authoritative magazine, Aviation Week, in a series of articles by a
Marine Corps Reserve pilot who spent two ~· in Vietnam reports in technical
detail on a wide range of ordnance and ammunition shortages, deficiencies and
deterioration. 'Jhe publication, Aviation Daily, in its April 19 issue summed
up the misstatements Mr. MCNamara has made in recent weeks and concluded that
·~e has managed to almost meet h~self coming back on some of the stories be
has presented to the public."
      Mr. McNamara has a great gift for figures.   He is extremely agile in the use
of words.    As I said previously, I am not the least concerned with playing word
games.    I have not myself used the word "baloney" to characterize disagreements
                                                                                      !   .~-- ...... -. ·-,


among equally patriotic Americans.    We in the minority in this Congress cannot/''                   ·:\

                                        (MORE)
                                                                                 ~_.})
                                         -4·
RIP. FORD STATBMBNr • APRIL 21, 1966

selectively declassify information which has been stamped "Secret" in order to

substantiate the 1erioua que1tioas raioed about the safety and support of our

fighting men in Vietum and the future security of our country.

    We must therefore depend in large meaeure on the kind of reeponsf!lle,

!~dependent   reporters I have cited for firsthand information on the situation in

Vietuaa.   I for one do not regard them as ''baloney."   Whether you call theca

axe.mples mistakes of judsment, miamanaga.eat, poor planning, faulty foresight,

bad bungling or just plain goofe, I don 1 t care.   Whether they are "alarming" or

"distressing" or "shocking" or whatever word you prefer--they are intolerable as

long as they eDdanger any American eoldier, airman, eailor, or urine.      They are

intolerable as long as we, b,y aeking questioae of the Pentagon and persisting

after answers, ss compel or speed up remedial action.       This is the joint duty

of the raaponaibla press and the raponsible ~epresentatives of the people.        I

intend ad hope ll\!x, int•d to   continue this duty.     It is ~ ''baloney."


                                        Ill


                                                                                      ,
                                  CONGRESSMAN                      NEWS
                       GERALD R. FORD
                              HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                  RELEASE
                          FOR RELEASE ON THURSDAY, P.M.,
                                   APRIL 21, 1966

STATEMEN'r BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD R. FORD, R·MICHlGAN.
     The Air Force bas informed me it is arranging for a study by high-caliber
scientists of some of the UFO sighting& which have never been explained.
     This study will be placed under contract soon after July 1, start of the new
fiscal year.   It will be carried out by a university which has no close ties with
the Air Force so that the findings will be completely objective, Air Force of~ials
tell me.
     Those people engaged in the study will be high-caliber scientists who have
never taken a position on UFO's, the Air Force said.      It will be made clear to them
that they are not being hired to come up with findings in support of previous Air
Force statements regarding UFO's, I am informed.
     The Air Force said there is too much effort iDvolved to ask these scientiats
to make this study without pay.
     The re~ort will definitely be made public, the Air Force assured me.       The
whole purpose of the study is to clear the air as far as the public is concerned.
     This, of course, was my purpose in recently requesting that public hearings
on the subject of UFO's be conducted by either the House Armed Services Committee                                        ,
or the House Science and Astronautics Committee.
     It was as a result of my call for a congressional investigation that the Air
Force now is arranging for a study of UFO's by topflight scientists not connected
in any way with the Air Force.
     I would have preferred a congressional investigation with witnesses to include
reliable persons from among those who say they have seen UFO's.       I still think this
would be beneficial,   But the UFO study by a panel of scientists, with the report-'-...    ~   ...... ; -...,\
                                                                                                         ("   /   '\
to be made public, 1s a step in the right direction.                                                          , 1
                                                                                                                  -.-!
                                         I 11 I                                    ':,c~                      ~:~ J
                                                                                      \·j               '•-/
                                                                                       ·,~~-·
                                   CONGRESSMAN                       NEWS
                       GERALD R. FORD
                              HOUSE REPUBLICAN LEADER
                                                                    RELEASE
                             FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                                 APRIL 21, 1966


STATEMENT BY HOUSE MINORITY LEADER GERALD ~. FORD. R-MICHIGAN •.


     The rise in the cost of living for March, the second consecutive monthly
jump, is in line with my prediction that consumer p~ices will cltmb 3 to 5
per cent this year as compared with a 2 per cent rise in 1965.
     It also is proof that the jawbone technique the President is using to
try to halt inflation--talk, talk, talk--just isn't working.        He ia going to
have to make a choice ~~thin perhaps the next six months on asking Congress
for an income tax increase or cutting back substantially on the level of
federal spending.
     I urge that he resolve to reduce spending and pass that word to Democratic
members of Congress.   If this is done, there will be no need to impose a
second tax increase on the American people this ~aar--a~d no excuse to do so.
     The consumer price index rose four-tenths of 1 per cent in March.        In

February, it went up fi~e-tenths of 1 per cent.    There. ~as no change in January.
     The trend is unmistakabl.e.   Inflation ~ hue.     Ayerag~ng    in the no-change   '
month Df January, we find that consumer prices rqse at an annual rate of
3.6 per cent for the first quarter of this year.     If there are no more no-change
months during 1966, the rise f~r the year may be considerably greater than that.
     It's t~e the President stopped talking about inflation and did something
about it.

                                      I I I
