{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-11-22 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290195","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113154","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/195/mufon-5290195.json","updb_database_id":5290195}
Unexplained lights over military runway

In 1978 Holloman AFB was transitioning from F-4’s to F-15’s. I was part of a 3 man crew assigned to tow the last of the F4’s to the old T38 area, from one side of the runway to the other. I was in the cockpit riding brakes, there was a driver and spotter in the tug with a radio to the control tower. We were requested to hold at the end of the runway at the opposite end from the tower. There had been no takeoffs on our 2nd shift so we had no planes in the air. It was taking an unusually long time for permission to cross. The night was clear, no clouds at all. I kept my eyes to the sky because there always seemed to be something interesting in the night skies above Holloman. I noticed movement to my right coming from the control tower. There were 4 red lights at approximately 500 feet above the runway. My first thought was that they were traveling awful slow. In my experience in 1978 there were only two aircraft that could travel that slow and stay aloft, helicopters and the Harrier, both produce an immense amount of blast and a specific sound. The night was quiet. There were 3 smaller red lights forming an arrowhead formation around a larger red light. They stopped dead in the air directly above us for about 5 seconds. Suddenly the three smaller lights shot off in three different directions, gone in a second. The larger light then slowly kept going away from the runway when it suddenly shot away as if it were doing a max climb, gone in half a second. No aircraft I know of could have performed those maneuvers and at the speed they did. Within seconds of the larger light disappearing we got clearance to cross the runway. The tower HAD to be in contact with these anomalies. In my time in the Air Force I saw SR71’s, F5’s, F111’s, F14’s and the maneuvers they can make, nothing can compare to what I saw that night AND the fact that Holloman Air Control seemed to be in communication with them
