{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-27 12:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462195","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98813","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3319,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/195/mufon-5462195.json","updb_database_id":5462195}
{tjd} 4' to 8' cynlinder object

UFO in Daylight                      27 AUG 08
1. Where you and what were were you doing at the time? 1. I was leaving work around 12:25 pm, 27 Aug 08 Ellington Fld, Houston, TX-- I was going home to evacuating from hurricane Gustav.
2. What made you first notice the object? I notice the object, as I was at the top of Hwy 45 over pass going south towards Pearland, TX. I slowed down to get a closer looked at this object- it was suspended 121 to 141 above Dixie Farm Rd. I looked for cables or something that it could be hanging from, but nothing, it was stationary in sky on its own. I drove under it and kept going. I looked in my rear view mirror and it was still there, I know, I was not the only one that saw this object, because it was suspended in front of the Race Track gas station. The sky was clear 11Blue Bird Day1, something came over me- (Traumatized), I carry a camera with me all the time, which, I use with my job. It1s funny; I never thought about stopping and calling 911 or take a photo of the object. 
  3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it? When, I first saw this object, it looked like a surveillance probe, cylinder with dark windows around the top, 3 to 4 feet in length, approx 10 inches in diameter.  I heard about UFO Probes before, when, I got home I told my wife about what I saw.  The sky was so clear it would have made a great clear photo1 My brother-n-law said he saw something like this on Discovery Channel... that the FBI and NCI...
4. Describe the object and its actions and motions. The object was stationary in a vertical stance and never moved- a probe cylinder metal skin with dark windows around at the top, 3 to 4 feet in length. This photo is the area where the probe was seen and the photo of the probe is one I made on Photo shop to show what I saw. This is not the original photo of the probe1but is of location.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.  --- I felt calm, but (Traumatized), kept driving down the road and seeing the probe up over the Dixie Farm Rd. in my rear view mirror. I don1t understand, still to this day 1why- I didn1t stop and took photos of this object and called the authorities. 
6. How did you lose sight of the object? I lost sight of the object, from viewing it my rear view mirror as I drove south Dixie Farm Rd.  I notice at the time of this occurrences they where no cars truck on the road.. 

I made a Photo shop to show what I saw. This is not the original photo of the UFO1but is the location. The actual size was twice the size.
