{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-06 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512195","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46131","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/195/mufon-5512195.json","updb_database_id":5512195}
(GS) White light zig-zags in sky then flies along ground

One mile northwest of Burns, Oregon. I was on Radar Road at the Skull Creek Road turn off. It was about 11:00pm. As I was driving I noticed a really bright light up in the sky to the west. Then I thought I saw it move but when I looked right at it, it was totally still, so I figured I was just seeing things. Then it moved again and I knew I saw it this time so I stopped the truck and got out. I would guess it was at about 1500-2000ft up and 3/4 of a mile away. For a second I thought that it must be a helicopter but that1s when I realized that it was dead quiet except for a few crickets. It kept moving and stopping. Then it just started flying around in all directions. It was really smooth in its movements, and fast. Then it flew in a zig zag like a sine wave, back and forth, and then disappeared. That floored me!I was standing there thinking about what I had just seen, when I saw the light come back on, just on the other side of the ridge of the hill 1/4 mi in front of me. I couldn1t see the object, but I could see it glowing behind the brush. Then it came over the hill just a few feet off the ground and went down the side of the hill towards me and to the right. It was just above the brush and I could see the reflection of the light on the ground, as the thing came down the hill. I could see that it went behind a juniper tree and didn't come out the other side. It was just a pure white ball of light maybe a little bigger than a basketball. 

I had seen three orange lights a few months earlier,and they also flew around in a similar manner. It was an amazing experience, and one I was sure Id never have again. So when I realized that this light was actually moving, and stopped the truck, I was thinking "Youre kidding me. Again?". Because I had seen those others, this time I wasnt in that same state of confusion and excitement at what I was seeing. I was completely calm, so I was able to just enjoy what I was seeing. It moved so amazingly, and gracefully, and at the risk of sounding odd, playfully. When It did its zig-zag move I was stunned.
