{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-03 20:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530195","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25289","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/195/mufon-5530195.json","updb_database_id":5530195}
Star like thing drawing other smaller stars into it and then disappearing.

About eight weeks ago, as I was walking from my car, up the back driveway, to the hotel I work the graveyard shift at, I started noticing a number of lights in the sky encircleing our Big Island of Hawaii. They were all at the same height, all the same brightness and spaced evenly apart. I thought they might be satellites protecting us from any incoming missles. Sort of like an umbrella. OK with me I thought. 
Then, about two weeks ago there appeared a bright star-like object out over the ocean. I thought it could possibly be two satellites, one behind the other. It was a little higher in the sky then the "umbrella lights". 
Last week on my way into work I noticed that the bright star-like object was even brighter. As I was watching this thing get brighter, a cigar-shaped object with red lights approached the bright star-like object and shot a beam of light down on it, just like a tractor beam from a science fiction movie. Then the red-lighted object blinked out of sight. The bright star-like object dimmed but remained. 
Well, then tonight the bright star-like object got brighter again and one by one the umbrella satellite objects blinked out as they progressed closer to the bright star-like object. The bright star-like object then looked as if it were receeding away from where it was and as if someone gave a command to go to warp speed, it was gone. 
In the end there were no more lit objects that had originally caught my attention. No umbrella satellites, no red cigar-shaped object and no more bright star-like object, just black empty space.
I felt releived, but angry that other people missed the whole thing.
