{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-08 01:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522195","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33889","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3540,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/195/mufon-5522195.json","updb_database_id":5522195}
Four to Five blight lights seen for a matter of seconds

It was approximately 1225am on Thursday December 8, 2011. I had just finished watching a movie at a friends house and was in her front yard speaking to her before I left. As I was facing her, behind her to the northwest I saw what appeared to be just over the tree tops and houses in the subdivision I observed a bright white/yellow light. As soon as I saw the first light, almost a second or so later I so another light identical to the first light up directly parallel and to the left to the first. I exclaimed and drew the attention of my friend. As she turned and looked a third light illuminated again directly parallel and to the left of the other two lights. All three lights hovered and stayed illuminated for approximately 3 to 4 seconds then completely disappeared. We kept watching the sky in the same spot we had seen the lights and after watching for approximately 30 seconds or so a forth light appeared a considerable distance from were we saw the other three. It hovered and was completely stationary for a few seconds then another light appeared in the exact spot that I had observed the initial series of three lights. The last light that illuminated appeared to be in the exact spot that the second light I initially had observed had been. These two lights stayed illuminated for approximately 10 seconds and then disappeared. None of the lights I saw ever moved, and the three initial ones all appeared to be lit up in a perfectly straight line with some distance apart from each other. 
I attempted to use my cell phone camcorder to record the lights however by the time I could get the camera up and running the lights were never seen again. All I could record was the exact area they were seen, and our reaction right after they disappeared. We watched the area for another 10 or 15 minutes and never saw anything else.
Ive been a law enforcement officer for 9 years, and my friend that was with me been a cop for almost 10 years. Ive also grown up on southside Savannah near the Army Air Base and Ive never seen anything like that. I can say with 100% confidence it was not a plane and It was not a helicopter. I don't know a lot about flares but I cant imagine that one would only light up for a few seconds. Additionally I cant see how someone could shoot three flares moments apart had have them all line up in an exact straight line from each other had stay completely stationary. Also the forth light that was seen based on my best guess of the distance had it been a flare fired from the ground someone would have had to have been a considerable distance even miles from the other three then fifth light. I also never heard any planes, or sounds at all indicating that these lights could have been coming flares fired off by a plane playing war games. The definitely were not in rapid session in the manner in which Ive seen flares fired from fighter aircraft before.
