{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-04-11 03:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504195","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2821,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/195/mufon-5504195.json","updb_database_id":5504195}
{cak} Craft rose into the sky and flew over my house

I was about 12 or 13 and I had a friend staying the night with me so we were up late just talking and watching movies. We had turned the tv and lights off in my room around 2 or 3 am and just talked for a little while. Something prompted me to go to my window. I sat on my floor looking out my window, still in light conversation with my friend who was sitting on my bed about 3 ft away from me. As I gazed out my window across the street in my neighbors back pasture (about 50 yards from my house) which was a semi dense pine and palm tree area of about 3 acres I saw something rise above the trees in their pasture...as if it had been "parked" there and was now leaving. It slowly rose above the trees without making a single sound or disturbing the trees from where it was rising from. It hovered for a moment above the trees...maybe 50 ft in the air (if that) and began to fly directly towards my house over the power lines and the street and the oak tree just to the right of my window. It moved rather slowly so I was able to tell that this was shaped like no other flying machine I had ever seen. It amazed me how silent it was...I knew that if it had been a small plane or helicopter I should have heard something or the trees should have been blowing, but nothing. It seemed to be a round shape maybe about 30-50 ft in diameter. This was a rural area so there were not many street lights or traffic lights to illuminate it well enough for me to make out specific characteristics about its color and shape. I could tell though by the arrangement of the lights on its exterior that it seemed to be like a flying saucer shape. It had many small lights on it that were many different colors. Once it flew over my house I lost sight of it and had turned to my friend to ask her if she had just seen what I had just saw. She said that she had seen it and was just as perplexed as I was. In my state of confusion I did not think to leave my room and go outside to keep watching it....honestly I was concerned that whatever it was might have seen me watching it. This is not the only time I have seen something in the sky I could not understand, but it was definitely the first.
