{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-07 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460195","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101109","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3156,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/195/mufon-5460195.json","updb_database_id":5460195}
{cak} 5 objects drifted east to south, each the size of a pinhead held at arm's length, over about 12 minutes in blue sky, no clouds & against wind.

I took 4 pics with cellphone, with some mov. that revealed a blinking light, of a group of white objects. I was standing outside the C.N.E. Prince's Gate during the production of a film. There were about 200 people present, but I only noticed a handful of people in my immediate area who witnessed this. 3 objects were easy to see, while the other two were only seen after digitizing the pics, adding contrast, etc. They did seem to appear and disappear, as the limited mov. files show. They seemed to originate from the downtown Toronto area and slightly curve just over us to head south over Lake Ontario. They were grouped as if you stretched out your left and and spread the thumb from the fingers - so the lead object was that much ahead of the others. The others were spaced evenly apart, two above and two below that were harder to see. For a brief moment, the lead object (the crescent/winged shaped) revealed some internal structure - partly dark with a light. Upon further cropping of the photo and changing it to B&W, sharpening and high contrast, it's easy to make out what could be 3 lights on either side of this crescent shaped object. Another witness took some pictures, but I didn't get her name. My Pic 4 was the 1st pic I took and was slightly out of focus and revealed nothing, but the mov. from this shows a white blip. I did not have eyes on these all the time as it was sometimes hard to make out, especially through the screen of my cellphone. And I was talking to others who were watching them. Somebody dismissed these as drones, but they were very high in the sky and made no sound. And the film crew were using a black drone that was only 100 feet above us. Otherwise I think one mov. reveals a seagull flying through. I am a former member of MUFON Ontario, and familiar with reports of this kind, so on the spot I could discount what they could be. There were no erratic movements, just a gradual coasting across the sky. As they got closer to us, not quite over our heads, they headed south.
