{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-10-18 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489195","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70435","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2475,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/195/mufon-5489195.json","updb_database_id":5489195}
{cak} It was oval in shape with a dome . It was a dull gray or dark in color. It had lights red, green and white that would pulsate or blink on and off sequentially around it at times. A bright beam of white light came out of the front of the object

I had been visiting my sister and her husband at their apt on corner of Helen Ave and W Fourth St.I was 18 at the time. I left to go join friends at the coffee shop downtown. I was riding my bicycle for transportation. I saw the object flying slowly above the treeline headed West when I first left their apt. I remember thinking it was odd because their was no sound.I stopped my bike to try and figure out what it was. What could fly with no sound. What had lights that would blink around the object . Then it stopped and hovered .I took off on my bike and it took off in the same direction as me.I was still trying to figure out what it was. Military aircraft ?? Experimental craft ? Now headed east.I thought to myself is it following me ? Curiosity so I stopped my bike again and it stopped when I did. Then I thought I must be losing it, so I took off again and so did the object.I did this again with the same results. So I took off fast in hopes of losing it and it did seem to go away, at least I lost sight of it. I came to the alley that headed up toward the coffee shop (called Weldon ) I believe. I started up the alley and stopped at the stop sign at an alley that crossed Weldon behind Third St to catch my breath. I decided to look up again to see if I saw the object anywhere. I did not so I took off again and all of a sudden the object came traveling east toward me. I pedaled as fast as I could as I got to the coffee shop A bright white beam came down from the object shining at me . I dropped the bike and ran into the coffee shop to gather my friends to come out to see the object and it was gone nowhere to be seen.
