{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-30 22:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511195","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47177","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/195/mufon-5511195.json","updb_database_id":5511195}
{cak} Saw a slow moving bright yellow-orange color light in the sky. Was traveling se at a low speed, then abruptly changed to a sw direction at the same speed. The light then faded to the brightness of a star.

At 2218 hours on April 30th, I was fueling my work vehicle and noticed a large, bright object which initialy, appeared stationary in the sky. The light had been so bright and out of place, it was easy to catch my eye. After looking at the object for a few seconds, I could see it was moving in a slow, but steady line to the southeast. 

The object was a very bright yellow-orange color; as bright as the surrounding yellow color street lights. From where I was standing, it compared in size to if I was holding dime out at arms length in front of me. I estimated the object to be about four hundred yards from the ground, traveling directly over the town, about 3/4 of a mile northwest of my location.

The light remained solid in appearance and was extremely bright. The skys were crystal clear that night and the tempature was about 55 degrees or so. I watched the light travel on a slow straight course for about two minutes befor it made and "abrupt" directional change to the southwest, without stopping or slowing speed.

As I watched the light after it made a directional change, I noticed the bright light began to flicker. The "flicker" did not appear to be flame like to me, but more of an abrupt and intermitent on/off-type flicker. The light went completely out at one point, but I could still see it traveling at what appeared to be the same speed and the same southwest course. The bright yellow-orange light was now about the same brightness as a faint star. I was not able to see any shape or structure to the object, other than the aforementioned illumination. 

I was still able to track the object throught the sky, as it traveled over one of the local large hills (Mt. Nebo) before losing sight of it behind the mountain. The light appeared to travel over the crest of the mountain by less than five hundred feet from my vantage point.

There is a municipal airport near the center of town, but this object did not have any standard color (red, blue, clear or green) or blinking aircraft marker or landing gear-type lights. There were no helecopters working in the area at this time orany other known motorized aircraft, and the object did not appear to be following the typical aircraft flight path, nor did it seem to emit any sound.

Another subject had called the incident into the 911 center shortly after the sighting, reporting the same incident.
