{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-12 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548006","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13024","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3271,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/006/mufon-5548006.json","updb_database_id":5548006}
A boomerang shaped object, which contorted, was followed by small circular objects

I was on the terrace of my apartment building at 6:30 this evening when I noticed what I thought was a jet plane flying. It's common to see jets flying south to land at Newark airport.

But this "jet" wasn't flying south. It was moving towards me (east). As it got closer I saw it was not a jet. I then believed for a second that it was a military aircraft. It was shaped like a boomerang.

Then it started to change shape, somewhat. Whatever this was became malleable. At this time I knew it couldn't possibly be a jet. No jet I know of bends and contorts.

About at this time-or maybe a few moments before--I noticed black circular objects trailing the larger boomerang. These circular objects were also black, maybe numbering 3 or 4.

The boomerang object hovered for a few seconds over my building, before it--and the circular objects trailing it--continued in a northeastern direction, over my building. 

This would put the object right over the Hudson River and New York City. I'm certain that many others had to have witnessed this.

As the objects left my view, additional circular objects rose from the south west. There was no boomerang, just four circular objects. They, too, moved in a northeastern fashion.

I telephoned the West New York, NJ police at 6:36 p.m. and told them that I was not crazy, but there were some very strange objects flying overhead. The desk person said he'd take my name and if anyone else reported it he could reference it.

Just as we were speaking, additional circle objects rose again from the southwest. I told him what I was seeing and he said to get a camera. I yelled for my roommate to get my camera. I took a picture but the black circles were too far in the distance. And they did not follow the same flight plan. They moved north, not north east. So I did not, unfortunately, get them on camera.

I waited for additional objects, but then the sun light was gone. 

Who knows what I witnessed? Of course, the logical brain says to myself that it "must have" been some type of balloons being released. But balloons don't move or look like that.

One thing is for sure. I will never take a UFO report lightly or dismiss anybody's report. What I witnessed definitely was creepy.

The photo I took just shows you the area from where the objects originated, in the south west sky from my position at the Hudson River, New York City/New Jersey border.

I'll be religiously checking the internet and news for any info on this.
