{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-19 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287006","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116373","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/006/mufon-5287006.json","updb_database_id":5287006}
two vehicle sized red glowing orbs

I have reported this ufo sighting before, and the MUFON representative suggested that they may have been paper lanterns, however they were too large to be a paper lantern and the flight pattern was too straight in a diagonal line across the sky, to be a paper lantern. While sitting at the stop sign, directly in front of me about twenty feet ahead and about tree top level, I saw two large vehicles the size of a car traveling right to left across the field, one right after the other. They were directly above the barn straight in front of me at one point.  I could see they were large, perhaps the size of a car or a mini-bus they were round and glowed an orange red. The inside of them looked like a swirl of flaming red and orange. They looked exactly like ufos described all over the world for hundreds of years. They continued travelling from right to left across the sky and over the field. Once the objects traveled across the field, one blinked out disappearing from site. The other blinked out and disappeared from site as well. There was a car at the stop sign behind me who also may have seen the objects as they did not beep their horn at me to move and the sighting lasted approximately 6-7 minutes. I was sitting at the stop sign for 6-7 minutes as the objects passed by. I would like to speak to the representative I had spoken to or have someone take a look into the matter more deeply. I do not feel they were paper lanterns. There was a very small gathering at Steam-O-Rama where they will hold flea market type events, however there were only a few vendors left sitting at their camp sites. These objects were too large and traveled in too straight of a line to be paper lanterns. Thank you so much for your research and your time. .
