{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-20 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487006","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72674","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2479,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/006/mufon-5487006.json","updb_database_id":5487006}
Looked into the sky, saw what looked like a cloaked ship flying across sky

I have a rubber ball with a bell inside of it attached to my front door knob. My dog has been trained to ring the bell if he wants to go outside to go potty. Friday night at about 11 pm, which is routine, my dog rang the bell to go outside. As a side note, I am ex military and lived up at KI Sawyer AFB for many years in upper Michigan. I know aircraft. Years ago I used to watch satellites, staring up at them in the night sky. I loved it... 
I have lived in the Appleton, WI area just outside of town for about five years now, I look for satellites every time the night sky is clear. I have not seen one since I moved here which I find very odd. Point is, I'm looking up at the sky every night while I wait for my dog to do his business. Two days ago, the bell rings, so I bundle up. The weather was cold, around 32 degrees outside. I hooked up my dog outside, hooked him to his rope and sucked deep breaths of the stunning cool evening air into my lungs. Looking up I faced to the Southwest and did what I usually do, which is to focus on a star and wait for my eyes to capture any other movement ( looking for satellites ) but never see anything accept an airplane or hillicopter around this area, never any stars... Something did capture my eye this night. It was exactly like the scene in Alien vs Predator when the Predator ship flew over the whaling camp cloaked!!!!!!!!!! I watched it fly from the Southwest for six seconds, moving rapidly across the sky to the Southeast to be lost because of my tree tops. The object was silent. No sound at all. I was able to see through the object. It was a beautiful, clear, starry night... 
Another example to describe what I saw would be it looked like a CLOAKED Klingon bird of prey.... I have never seen anything like this and can not stop thinking about it...
