{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-07 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476006","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84259","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3854,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/006/mufon-5476006.json","updb_database_id":5476006}
{nd} 3 circle discs flying in formation then one broke off - were following storm

Data also submitted to NUFORC.org as well as MUFON.

Occurred : 6/7/2017 4:45pm
Reported: 6/8/2017
Posted: 
Location: Parker/Aurora, CO
Shape: 3 darker objects each with lights
Duration: 5-10 minutes
Moving 3 darker objects spotted between approx. Parker/Aurora (perhaps Smokey Hill area) area over E-470 from person in Parker/Franktown 1 video and video screen captures available. Every so often, objects would rotate and project beam of light. Perhaps 10-15 miles away from viewer. Objects spotted and perhaps 10 mins total observation. Speculation the objects were there before viewer spotted them initially. Objects initially appear to be somehow connected as they undulated together in the sky as if they were connected, but later one of the objects broke pattern with the other two and did its own maneuver and then returned to the other two, and then the three of them continued maneuvers together. Due to the undulating pattern, it is not thought they were just one object such as a dark plane with three lights (since one did separate from the two and then later rejoin) since the viewer has witnessed planes heading to or from DEN as the viewer knows the flight path over east of Parker Road and basically down E-470 to DEN. Objects went higher in elevation, lower in elevation, east, west, north, and south 1 moving further away and then closer in several different patterns, some looping, some more block-style in nature. Ball lightening ruled out since ball lightening doesn1t last this long. Total movement from time noticed until they disappear into the passing storm that was hitting Aurora area at this time was maybe 10-30 miles. This seems too far for a controlled drone or drones and drones don1t seem to be able to fly in unison like objects. Drones also don1t seem to have such bright lights as object were maybe 10-15 miles away. Objects did not appear to be metallic, but some kind of darker material, so doesn1t resemble photos seen of weather balloons, and weather balloons don1t seem to have lights or ones that were so bright as the objects did. Objects were making various loops, appearing to stop in mid-air, rapidly going from left/right (West/East) but were generally following either an Easterly or North-Easterly direction. During this same time, a large storm with hail, rain and lighting was passing from West to East north of the viewers position with the objects between the viewer and the storm. If this was under human control, why were these maneuvers being carried out extremely close to a monster of a storm? The viewer cannot think of any plane, drone, etc that can make such maneuvers. iPhone 6 video was captured (2 min 45 sec) in zoomed in mode. No rain at time. Video shows birds flying around and trees for perspective. Video is a bit shaky. There was no water on the camera since it was not raining yet when the video was taken. Viewers voice can be heard on video wondering what they are. Objects were seen by viewers eyes and captured on video. Still images are taken from the captured video since the video is somewhat shaky.
