{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-02 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492006","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67546","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2784,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/006/mufon-5492006.json","updb_database_id":5492006}
{jpg}wife and i witnessed object with 2 red, 1 flashing gree, 1 flashing silver lights. hovered, then moved w briefly, then hovered, then moved back to original position, then rapidly flew due north, all at same altitude. flew out of sight. duration 5 min

came outside to look at fireworks. I was watching neighbors down the street due south. turned toward driveway (n). looked up and saw object. watched for 20 seconds thinking it was rotor or fixed wing aircraft as we are in Ft. Campbell, KY flightpath and also within 4 statute miles of Lifeflight helo base, but, being ex-military, I know the marker lights were not right for know aircraft types. I thought it might also be a drone, but it appeared to be too high and too large. It also was extremely stable in 'hover'. There was no wavering whatsoever. Even helicopters move a little when they hover for extended periods. I continued to watch for about 30 seconds more before calling my wife outside. When she arrived object was still stationary and exactly where I first saw it. To me, it appeared with two evenly sized and spaced red lights, blinking green light on left end, i saw blinking white (silver) light behind the two red lights. using letters to code the light colors, it looked like this to me:
            w/s
          gr r  r

my wife saw     gr
           r
           r

The object revolved at least once during the hover as I could tell the green light disappeared behind the craft's body (I assume). It was dark, and very overcast at the time. Thunderstorms and lightning were in the area to the NW and NE some miles distant. The object moved rapidly W then stopped. It then return E to it's original position (as near as we could tell). It stopped for about 5 seconds, then accelerated rapidly due N. We could not tell it it was loosing altitude as it moved off into the distance or went behind cloud cover. It could not have been a fixed wing aircraft. If it were rotary wing, it was faster than any helicopter I've ever experienced and we should have heard some kind of sound for such drastic maneuvering. We did not have our phones or a camera on our persons at the time. I can easily sketch what I saw.
