{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485006","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3359,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/006/mufon-5485006.json","updb_database_id":5485006}
{rjl} Seemed like entities were in bedroom in a dream, but details suggest it was real

I live in Puyallup, Washington. At the time I was living with my wife and our first son in University Place, Washington. I'd like to mention that I do not believe there are aliens from other planets. I'm more in line with the late John Keel, believing that these things are indeed happening, but they are more of a malevolent spiritual type of entities. I don't know why I never reported this before; I suppose one reason might be at the time this happened there was no internet to speak of. Another reason I hesitated to report this is because part of this whole experience seemed like it was a dream, but part of it seems like I was awake. That makes it hard for me to nail things down from a factual standpoint.

I don't recall the exact year this happened, but it was in the early 1990's. I don't recall the month, but I do remember it happened around 3am. 

It started out with me dreaming that there was some sort of panic in the house; I remember hurrying back and forth from the back door to the front door to the windows because there was some sort of UFO over the house. I remember seeing it, but can't really describe it. What freaked me out more was when I looked out the front door, there were two (maybe three) humainoid figures that were dark in color (either black or very dark gray). They had no facial features or any features to speak of. Just dark shapes.

This is where it gets confusing for me because it suddenly switched to me being in bed, my wife sleeping next to me. There were one or more of the same exact entities at the foot of the bed. This is the part where I could swear I was awake. I remember looking over at my wife, who was sound asleep. For some reason I could not make a noise, even though I tried. There was a heavy weight on my chest. I tried calling out the name of Jesus, but I could not speak. The fear was incredibly strong. It was fear on a level I had not experienced before. I don't remember them doing anything to me other than what I would describe as very strong oppression and a feeling of being physically paralyzed.

At some point I was able to move and there was no longer anything in the room. My wife woke up and told me to grab my Bible and hold it close to me. So I did that, and I was able to go back to sleep. There were no other problems that night. When I woke up in the morning, I was still holding my Bible and I noticed my chest hurt a lot, like someone had punched me in the ribs really hard. 

I don't have any idea what brought this on, and there were one or two other times later on where this same type of thing happened, but it was never even close to being as horrifying as the first time.
