{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503006","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/006/mufon-5503006.json","updb_database_id":5503006}
{kt}over 10 UFO's spotted at together over a year ago..still looking to share my story and get some answers!!!!!!

Since my incident on 11-29-2012 I have been doing continuous research trying to find other people who seem to have seen some of the same things I have seen. I always read your e-mails and sometimes the sightings are so similar to mine that I feel they might be the same object? I apologize for the length but it was the most miraculous experience of my life, I felt the details needed to be shared. 

please note: this was written and submitted the very night it happened when everything was still fresh in my head

11-29-2012:

I was sitting in my basement (I have a ranch style house-normal floor and downstairs but no up stairs) with my dad and my mom came down yelling at him about a fight they had earlier. It turned into a big screaming mess between the three of us so I stormed out my basement door to my backyard to get some fresh air. Went back inside for a minute and while i was looking out my basement window I noticed these flying lights behind a tree but stopped paying attention quickly because the fight started again so again I stormed outside. I went and sat and faced the tree I saw the bright lights coming from. I'd actually been keeping my eye on that tree the past few nights because I noticed a lot of lights coming from behind the tree recently but assumed it was a busy plane area or something...but at the same time, I like aliens, so in the back of my mind I was always questioning "Could that be a UFO??" but of course, it was always a plane. Tonight though the lights were really bright and there were a lot of them. When I first saw it I assumed maybe it was a helicopter search but again, in the back of my mind I secretly hoped it would be UFO's. That's why when a pair of the flying lights started coming towards me I thought I was going insane. 

Remember, I'm out here alone. My parents are inside fighting still and I know that because I can hear them. For some reason I didn't pay much attention to the light that was coming towards my direction. I was still riled up from what had been going on inside SECONDS ago then come out to these flying lights headed in my direction? I think it was so much of a shocker that I didn't really realize it was actually happening. For a minute, I genuinely thought I was just going crazy and seeing things so I didn't pay attention to it because I didn't want to think I was crazy! I was also trying to get my dog to stop biting my pants so I had completely looked away from the lights. I heard a boy yell for his dog to come in and wondered if it was because they saw the lights too. The next time I looked up at what I had convinced myself was an illusion, it was flying over my house and that was the last time I saw it.

I turned around to face my back yard again and saw another pair of the same lights coming towards me again. At this point I started paying attention. I started getting frustrated actually. I didn't know what was going on and what these were and if they were even actual things or my just imagination. And my dog was still biting my pants. I studied the lights and wondered if it was men working on the telephone poles. Or some neighbor who went over the top and got moving christmas lights. As I was watching it more lights from different areas started popping up from what seems like literally no where. Unfortunately, I really can not give too much description to what any of them look like. I was just trying to figure out what was going on. At this point I could spin in a circle and see one in every direction. If they didn't have lights I wouldn't have seen them. It was very dark and some of them were weaving in and out of my trees as well as my neighbors trees. One looked very huge, bigger than any of them, and black and robot type that seemed to take up the entire sky. 

I can describe one of them for sure though. it was in the shape of a boomerang/triangle. 
It was white with green and blue lights and maybe red but i don't think so. it had a black dome on top. It was definitely the prettiest one I could point out. I was standing in my fenced-in pool area of my backyard and it looked like the UFO was in either my non-fenced-in backyard area or in my neighbors backyard. Regardless, it was CLOSE, maybe 100 feet away. I feel like others got within 100 feet of me as well but they were never stopped, they just came to cut through my back yard and went over my house, and carried on. But since this one was stopped and the only one I could really see, (its whole surface was lighten up with lights - mostly white with blue and green circle shaped lights) I focused all my attention to it because trying to take it all in was obviously not happening. It was only landed for a short period of time. 15 seconds? Then began to lift itself, flying straight up into the air. Once it got to a certain height, (just above the height of my house) it started accelerating forward instead of upwards. 

I turned to face my house, the direction where all the UFO's had been headed. I noticed how big and full and beautiful the moon was. It was the biggest I have ever seen the moon be, almost the size of my house it seemed. I think the last UFO I saw was the same as the first. It had the same lights and seemed like an old pick up truck mixed with a old fashioned car that was orange with purple. It looked as if it were maybe metallic? It seemed very futuristic and while it flew it left a light blue trail like a plane does but it lasted a much shorter time than planes do. I wondered if any of my other neighbors had been watching any of this too. I also wondered what the hell i just experienced, if it was even real or not. Too bad my only other whiteness was my dog who was still biting my pants.

CURRENT DAY: For the past year and a half I still have flashbacks to that experience and expect to probably for the rest of my life. Since this day, I have had the weird feeling of being watched when I'm alone at night but I might just be being paranoid!!!! I would really love some possible answers if you can seem to find any. Thank you so much for your time.
-Jenna
