{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-03-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494006","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65492","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/006/mufon-5494006.json","updb_database_id":5494006}
{cak} about seven illuminating clouds in a perfect circle that could read our minds. Spun around a fixed axis becoming smaller until it dissapeared. Never have been the same!

About seven illuminating clouds in a perfect circle that could read our minds. Spun around a fixed axis becoming smaller until it disappeared. Never have been the same! I have told a few people about my witness of, I have no doubt an un-worldly happening. I was on vacation with my parents, a friend of mine from college and my cousin in [removed location]. We were all talking about something in much depth when I noticed my cousin staring over the ocean. She seemed absolutely fixed on something in the sky. When I asked her what she was doing all she could do was point speechless over the ocean. When I looked at what she was pointing to all I saw was maybe seven perfectly round illuminated small clouds in a circle. I told my cousin who was still in a trans like state that it was probably the moon behind some clouds illuminating them. 
She then speechlessly pointed towards the moon which was much to my concern, on the other end of the horizon. I was now absolutely captivated by this and soon was my other friend. There we sat gazing at this thing in absolute paralyzing attention. What ever it was, it seemed to be watching us even though it was hundreds of yards away. It knew all of our fears and as soon as it knew we were watching it, it started to spin around a fixed axis becoming smaller until it disappeared into thin air. We stood there looking to see if it might return, hoping that it did not, and it didn't. I so much wanted to talk about what we had just witnessed but everyone acted differently about it. My cousin stayed in a trans for the rest of the night and my friend was so frightened that he did not want to talk about it fearing that it might return. I would like to know if I am alone in this witness! I don't have any one to talk to and would appreciate feed back if at all possible. Thank you.
