{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-08-27 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502589","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56410","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/589/mufon-5502589.json","updb_database_id":5502589}
{rjl} Opened the door to see white triangle of light about five feet away

I was 13 years old in 1979. A few weeks after my 'encounter', we heard the story of Val Johnson, the cop about 30 or so miles away from my incident which appears to be around the same timeframe.
My Dad was fighting w/my mom, yelling and screaming at her and we were all upset, but this was a normal thing in my house, my dad had anger issues.
In the middle of the fight, it was night time, I went to open the door to look for my cat. I opened the door and saw something on my left and turned to see this white triangle suspended in the air about 5 or so feet to my left. It was about three feet tall and hovered about a foot off the ground near the last porch step just a few feet away from me. It was so white, it lit up the field behind it. The top of it pulsated brighter than the rest, each corner was bright and there were like blue veins of light running through it. It was a distinct triangle, pulsating with light hovering at the bottom of the porch.

It didn't communicate with words but I felt terrified, It might be my own freaking fear, but I felt as if it didn't really have good intentions toward me, but also as if it wouldn't hurt me at the same time. Kind of like it was attracted to the fighting going on inside the trailer - like it was drawn to it. At the same time, I didn't feel threatened. I did feel an overwhelming sense of guilt of being bad, too, like I wasn't worthy of seeing it or shouldn't have seen it - all of these at the same time, all jumbled together as I just stared at it for a couple of minutes just a few feet away.

And then I remember watching my hand close the door, feeling like a robot and knowing it was controlling me as I closed the door and returned to the couch, and then I was myself - screaming bloody murder. Of course, my Dad and sister opened the door after I screamed about it all and there was nothing there.

I am 48 years old now and only recently have been able to sleep without a night light. I *KNOW* this triangle of light is related to Val JOhnson's light that attacked his cop car. I've always felt it was the same being - though I have no way of proving that, of course. It was only thirty or so miles away from where I lived and around the exact same time. It has always bothered me, and today I was reading his story for the first time in years and saw that his windshield had been impacted by three points, someone had drawn the lines to connect them and it made a triangle ... it is just plain odd. So, I felt compelled to write my story. I have nothing to hide since I'm telling the truth and people aren't as judgmental about this stuff as they used to be. 

Anyway, I know our two incidents are related and after reading an excerpt where someone wrote that he made it up, I felt compelled to write my experiences as a kid all those years ago.
