{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-28 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481589","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78419","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3192,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/589/mufon-5481589.json","updb_database_id":5481589}
{cak} saw pink flash of lightning and minutes later orbs appeared out of thin air

One late night in June of 2013, I went to the store around the corner for a beverage to share with my wife, it was a quite night with clear skies and no overcast reported. While driving no more than five hundred yards I saw a flash of pink light with the sound of thunder. I could only think what in the world was that. I proceeded to dive while looking up to the sky very puzzled about that flash of light. My only thought was to hope nothing is going on at the power plant nearby.

On my way back home, on the same street where I saw the light, I could see my house in the distance and was focused in on a red object that seemed to be hovering very close to home. As I got closer, I said to myself what the heck is that over my house. I then parked my car and grabbed my drink, got out and stared at this glowing beautiful ball of light.it was maybe two hundred feet directly over the top of my home. After one minute I ran into the house saying something is outside in the air over the house.

My family did not want to look or believe me because I’m always playing around with them. My daughter finally got up and came outside and to her surprise, she also was in awe and completely shocked. We started taking photos with our camera and then the activity started. There were several orbs launching from out of nowhere, they all moved in the same direction away from home towards the nuclear power plant high in the sky. These Orbs were clustered up together like little red stars in the night sky. It was about eight orbs total. When there weren’t any more orbs launching, I ran in the house to get my cam recorder and when I came back out one last orb showed up .it was bright white. The others were plasma orange. I was able to record before it went off track because it was amazed and not focused anymore. This last White orb took the same path high in the sky and joined the others, then they vanished with the snap of your finger.

Several years has past and I’m just getting to where I feel as if I should show and tell my experience after seeing that this is going on worldwide.
