{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-05 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492589","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66943","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/589/mufon-5492589.json","updb_database_id":5492589}
{rjl} A huge slow moving black craft

My son and I were on the back deck of our house having a cigarette, My back was directly to the house and one of my sons was in front of me. He suddenly looks up and says LOOK.
It was a huge craft, moving very slowly AND COMPLETELY SILENT. No noise whatsoever...NOTHING. It was only a few hundred feet over us, IF THAT. Our back of the house is very dark. There was no moon. The only reason we saw it was because it had 2 rows of a blue or grey light that illuminated parts of it and remained constant throughout. It's underside was so black that without those lights it would have been unnoticed. The detail I observed was that it looked like an old RR trestle, a black metal with huge inlaid bolts. I also noticed the paint or covering of it looked worn off or stripped away in parts, revealing almost a rust color.
It continued on it's course, SW away from Raritan bay which is about 1 mile from our residence, It looked either triangular or shaped like an arrowhead. It was moving so slowly I actually ran with it, off our porch into the backyard grass to try and observe more detail. It eventually went out of sight.

My son Justin and I were amazed and started comparing notes, About 5 minutes later WE EITHER SAW ANOTHER ONE OR THAT ONE HAD DOUBLED BACK but way off in the distance, to our east. It was banking to head out over the Atlantic ocean. Again, COMPLETELY SILENT and this one looked more triangular. Again, the only reason we saw it was because of the two rows of lights along the perimeter. This one was moving faster than the first, like an airliner, but not very fast.
We live in close proximity to Earle Naval Weapons Handling Station where several naval vessels occasionally resupply.

WHAT WAS MOST EVENTFUL TO ME WAS THE SIZE, IT'S VERY SLOW SPEED AND THE COMPLETE, UTTER SILENCE....

I did meekly call our local police station and asked "has anyone reported a UFO" and the officer said NO.
