{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472589","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87821","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2717,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/589/mufon-5472589.json","updb_database_id":5472589}
{jpg} Star-like blinking erratically,

Went out my backyard (house faces north & yard is behind house)and was admiring how gorgeous evening and especially how extraordinarily clear the sky was, with stars clearly visible. I was facing west and high in the sky I saw a star-like object blinking red and white. At first I thought it was a plane as to the south of my home, there is a plane route with planes heading west (towards San Diego coastal area) or east. But as I kept looking, this star-like object remained in the same spot and was moving in a highly erratic manner: zig zaging all over the same general area. At an incredible speed it would go up in the horizon to about 90 degrees and at same incredible speed zigzag down to about 30 degrees. Because of tree and roof line, I do not know if it moved lower than 30 degrees to the ground. As to the distance this object was from where I was standing, it is difficult to say, but it seems that it might have been approx. 4 - 5 miles away, near or directly over the Naval Air Base (aka NAF Seeley) located in Seeley, California, which is about 4-5 miles from where I live. (I am familiar with location because I do my grocery shopping there). It was amazing to see this type of movement...stationary in sky, incredible diagonal speed, incredible upward and downward movement. At one point I saw a plane, not sure if passenger, heading west directly towards the general area this thing was, but appeared plane veered to the left sky area rather than continue its forward westward path. P.S. After observing that this object was not leaving area, I sat down and observed object for about 45 minutes. I was using pair of binoculars & X 50 mm. QUESTION: Wondering why reports of other UFO sighting in El Centro, Calif are no longer on UFO Staker map. This area is a major UFO route of UFOs traveling north from the Sea of Cortez/Gulf of California. I stopped looking up to sky (and reporting UFO sightings) because what I have seen really frightened me - like the red fireball I saw moving from west and heading east; don't remember date but I did report it on this wed site.
