{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-07-15 15:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504589","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54301","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/589/mufon-5504589.json","updb_database_id":5504589}
{kt}.saw a flash of light that turned out to be stationary and almost hit a plane; it turned invisable after hitting me with a beam causing fear

It was a bright sunny clouldless early afternoon , when a friend and I noticed a bright flash of light to our N.E. , from our position about 7 miles south of Ehrenberg Arizona ; it looked to me the flash was caused by a collision with a passenger jet going towards L.A. Calif. ; the plane continued on towards L.A. , and the flash of light became a mass of something stationary slowly rotating and changing shape; it apeared to be a large transparent diamond (large , a mile across); it changed to a lime green rotating saucer, then it started to look like a mass of bent metal , allways rotating; for some reason ,i could no longer understand what I was seeing , because I felt some intelligent force (like a group) keeping me from seeing what it really was.It started to turn invisable and then come back into view 4 times , before it disappeared and did not reappear ; it was the length of a passenger jet , or so it appeared. To the left of where it was (now invisable) two brown saucers appeared ; they both at the same time , came toward us; for about 5 seconds I was scared to death; the saucers moved back in place , and the fear left as well. It looked as if the two brown saucers went 10 miles in less than a second , coming towards me , and leaving. They dissapeared and a oval craft withe a white center and dark outer shell appeared to decend at a 451angle, very very slow. We watched this until it went out of view , towards highway 95 in Calif.; These are most of the facts ; about 9 months later , a Top Secret post in Europe where I once worked , expelled 5 millitary people for talking to aliens with a ouija board. Was the beam a scan , and was it making contact with the Millitary ??? I'd like to know. This same oval craft has been seen on TV , playing with a passinger jet in 2006 and later.  End of report.
