{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-26 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460589","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/589/mufon-5460589.json","updb_database_id":5460589}
{tjd} Star stream of lights

UFO’s sighting:

Eldorado,NM

5.26.2019

9:45pm

My wife and I went out on to upper deck and looked up at sky for first time at our new house that we just were moving into that day. We opened the door and started Looking up North toward Ursa Major which was high in the sky at the time. Amber and I immediately noticed a string of lights literally shooting out of a location near the end of the panhandle section of the Big Dipper. At the front of the string of lights were three bright lights perfectly spaced out like Orion’s Belt stars and shooting North,Northeast flying completely in unison (each light remaining lit and not blinking as the lights traveled away quickly) towards Vega and the constellation Lyra. Behind the 3 lights were a string of much fainter lights that all originated from the same spot in the sky and travelled on the exact same path and at the same speed as the ‘Orion’s belt stars’ at the front of the string of lights. 

For the next several minutes the string of lights travelled across the sky following the Orion’s Belt lights until out of view. While these lights travelled away there were more extremely faint lights that came out of the same spot in the sky sporadically for the next 3-5 minutes. There was a very faint point of light that seemed to be releasing these other lights and they would fly away semi-slowly then they would fade out. They still travelled down the same trajectory as the other lights but these seemed to be much slower, fainter and had a curved movement before they quickly faded out. Unlike the other lights that all shot out in the same direction and travelled much farther than these. After a few minutes the lights stopped coming out or Became too faint to see. 

At this point I went inside after not seeing any lights for a few minutes. I was barefoot and needed shoes because the roof was wet from an earlier rainstorm. I returned about 4-5 minutes later and in the exact spot in the sky where the lights originated from a moment ago. There was a very faint blinking light that was flying very near to the point of origination of the light string at first and then slowly began to fly along the exact path/trajectory of the light string ufos. The blinking light flew very, very slowly and again very blinked very faintly as it flew. The blinking appeared to be one blink...one blink.....two blinks....repeat. It should be noted that this blinking light and the lightstring before it appeared to be at an extremely high altitude compared to the numerous satellites that we saw and other aircraft that were all flying in the area of the sky at the time of this sighting. In the next 4-5 minutes the faint blinking light continued following the exact path of the lightstring ufos from the end of the panhandle of the Big Dipper to until it faded from view between Draco’s head and Lyra. This distance in the sky is between 20-30 degrees and is an impossibly short distance for an object to fly over the course of 5 minutes. While this blinking light was slowly flying this path an airplane flew across the sky from East to West towards Santa Fe directly overhead and was very obviously much,much lower than the blinking light...it also made noise as it flew over. That’s the end of the sighting. The whole time the sky was completely clear, no moon, very little light pollution, there was no sound of any kind, multiple satellites and meteors were seen during the sighting as well as local air traffic. I have been observing the sky my whole life and have never seen anything like this before. I have witnessed a UFO before but this is a sighting unlike anything I have ever seen or heard of before tonight. I hereby swear that the above account is a clear and accurate account of what was witnessed by myself and my wife on this night that I am writing this. I will testify to this in any court or in front of any audience. This seriously is what we saw and we happened to go outside and look up at the exact time that it was going on above our heads! It looked like a scene from Star Wars that we witnessed! The most incredible thing either of us have ever seen. [ Item moved to FI report {tjd}
