{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-01 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487589","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72069","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2725,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/589/mufon-5487589.json","updb_database_id":5487589}
{dr}Inverted W shaped UFO flew over us NW to SE direction. Lights lining the craft. Then saw 5 bright lights on horizon in slanted vertical line, came together to form a circle , one off to side more, descended below tree line and could not see anymore.

When outside with my daughter to walk the dog at about 6:15, we happened to be looking up at the constellations when my daughter noticed a upside down W shaped object coming towards us. This object was noticeable due to the rows of lights outlining the craft, forming an upside down W-shape. This object was about a football field across and 300 ft in the sky above flying from the northwest towards the southeast. The craft1s lights were slightly dimmer than the stars in the sky, yet still very noticeable. The craft, though very low to the ground, was silent as it flew over our heads. As it passed over our heads, the left side of the object moved in towards itself, making the upside-down W shape fold in on itself, allowing it to turn more towards the southeast. After this it disappeared out of sight. 

We believed this to be the last of the sighting and turned to go inside to draw a picture of the craft at about 6:17 when we noticed more activity towards the northeast. This time the objects were on the horizon and they looked entirely different. At first I thought they were 5 intensely bright meteorites due to the burning tales which they emitted. But we noticed they were lined in a vertically slanted row and not moving, so they were definitely not meteorites. After about 5 seconds, they suddenly moved into a circle. One of the lights on the left moved more towards the west, while the other lights began to come together at the center of the circle, lowered beyond sight due to the trees and homes blocking the view, falling out of our sight. Finally, the one light remaining towards the west followed the others beyond sight as well. The entire event lasted from about 6:15 pm at the first sighting to 6:20 pm Mountain Standard Time in the area around Bear Creek Lake Park near the intersection of Morrison Road and South Kipling Parkway in Lakewood, Colorado.
