{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-03 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524378","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31479","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4118,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/378/mufon-5524378.json","updb_database_id":5524378}
I flashed a high powered plug in car 4000 watt hand held lite at this star like thing much to close to be a star and the brightest star I have ever seen south by south east not the northern star it was no star!! no plain nothing that we as man have.

i looked up at the night sky around 2:30 am on sep. 3rd 2011 and a shooting star caught my eye. Then while i was standing in my back yard i looked to the south east Wow i thought thats a bright star... So I watched this thing in the sky move slowly and as to hover and move around the sky bobing up and down.... It at first looks like just a bright star and ya think oh!!! thats the northern star.. Ummm but it was south by south east hMMMM.... so I started to stair at it and it revealed some streaming lites out of the bottom of it like in a open to pointed shape all downword five of them.. It would glow brighter in a yellow white pink edges semi round starish shape and flash the tails of white blue green on and off slow not super fast or like a plain or helli, so also it was too close to be a star... i ran inside the house and got my cammera and started taking night shots of it.. Then it hit me THIS is no STAR!!! So I wanted to flash a light at it as to get its attention maybe make it do somthing... A PLAN RAN THROUGH MY HEAD AND I jumped on top of my rack on my jeep with the cord of my hand held high powered 4000 watt plug in lite ran through the window and I pointed the lite at it and started flashinhg my lite on and off like morse code in mind to maybe get a reaction and all the while doin this at the craft... IT moved I got excited and did it again it floated behind the top of a tree as to avoid my flashing it... THEN CAME OUT TO ONE SIDE OF THE TREE ADN FOR LIKE AN HOUR WE SEEMED TO FLASH BACK AND FORTH AT EACHOTHER... I REALIZED AT THAT MOMENT IT WAS NOT AS FAR UP AS I THOUGHT BUT FARTHER OUT IN THE SKYLINE MAYBEEE... duno??? but it would as it seems wait for me to flash back so I would wait different times to test it and it would wait too before flashing the streamers. I was verry drawn to this lite the longer you look at it it would like just freak ya out, ya wanna look away YOU feel weird kinda wanna rub ur eyes... hA! WHICH TRUST ME I DID LOTS!!! It would flash five streamers out of the bottom and get bright then they went away. They seemed to grow out the bottom if that makes sense??? i stared leaving the lite on and circling the orb /star thing and it would bob move slightly get dimmer... then after about 30 minnutes of this game a flash of blue and red orbs slightly appart shot diagnal across the sky several hundred feet bellow the white yellow orb with streamers so fast I cant explain what the heck it was for anything... Nothing we have in our world moves that fast!!! so now by this time I really wanna know what this orb/ star thing is at this point,NOW im thinkin milatery fly by was the red and blue orbs/ lites maybe??? duno???... But this thing in the sky could make one side of the streamers go out and turn on the other side back and forth and could dimm itself so as to look smaller as if it was just a star in the sky .... I just two months ago got my eyes checked I HAVE 20/20 VISION!!! this was no star nothing I have ever seen before and not a helli or jet or plain or toy or ballon I watched it for two hours I cant say its not a space craft... if anyone is in disbalief I was at that very moment I just couldnt believe my eyes I watched it for hours thinking to myself no one will ever believe me.............
