{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-02 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475378","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3012,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/378/mufon-5475378.json","updb_database_id":5475378}
{nd} Big Black Hovering Ship

On the afternoon of July 2, 2017 I came back from running errands on a hot day so I decided to sit outside on my porch for a bit to relax and take in my surroundings. I love to meditate outside and be around Mother Nature! Less than two minutes into this meditation I was guided to open my eyes and look directly up to the sky, there were no clouds, it was a clear blue sky, and about no more than 2 miles away from my front porch there was a big black metal looking object in the sky. It was either literally a hole in the sky or a space ship. Usually I do bird watch to get signs from the universe from these winged spirit animals, but I immediately canceled birds out as an option because there where no wings. So I thought maybe it is an airplane or helicopter, since I live so close to downtown I there is a lot of traffic in the sky. This too was canceled out quickly because airplanes and helicopters also have wings and they are always in a forward motion. This Hematite looking, rectangular prism was just floating, hovering, levitating in the air, right in front of me. They wanted me to acknowledge their presence. I thought my eyes were playing tricks on me so I thought to myself, if I close my eyes and try to meditate again and open them within 5 seconds and the object is still there, then it surly must not be a fellow space friend. As soon as I opened my eyes less than 5 seconds later, the huge ship was gone. Disappeared, literally vanished into air. As of last summer I recently have gone through major spiritual enhancement changes. Ever since I started praying and meditating, I have had multiple interactions with my Galactic Spiritual family. They have made their presence known in this 3D world to me in the form of 3 different types of space crafts. They have also came to me in my dreams and taken and shown me intuitively different things. I also live a few blocks away from the Port of Houston Ship Channel. According to my observations, I do believe this may have some sort of connection but I cannot be too sure as I do not put enough time or effort into researching it. As I said before, the closer I have gotten to the spirit world through prayer and meditation, the more the spirits/angels/aliens have gotten closer to me. I do believe I am under their constant observance because I AM aware of their existence. Thank you for hearing me out. Have a blessed day, One Love!
