{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-10 19:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490378","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69214","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4169,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/378/mufon-5490378.json","updb_database_id":5490378}
{cak} 3 Triangular White or Silver Metallic objects

Sightings Report

I swear/affirm the statement made by me is factual, truthful and made without any duress or promises of anything in kind. 

On 08/10/2105, at approximately 19:13 hours; I was sitting in a chair facing a south-westerly direction in my backyard in Hartford, Alabama; in the county of Geneva. While I was watching my dogs as they were utilizing the potty/restroom. I then notice that a passenger jet airplane was flying over from the south-westerly direction heading north-easterly over my residence. As, the airplane was passing you can hear the thrust of the jet in the distance. The airplane1s altitude was approximately 27/30,000 feet and it was leaving a contrail in its wake as it passed overhead. I watched the airplane's trajectory and contrail for approximately 2 or 3 minutes. 

Something caught my peripheral vision on my right side and I noticed that something else was in the sky following the passenger jet airplane. I immediately called my wife from the bedroom where she was changing from her work clothes to lounging clothes. I wanted her to confirm to me that I was not seeing things or my eyes were playing tricks on me. Upon her immediate arrival from the bedroom to the outside back concrete deck where I was now standing and watching the sky; I asked her what she was seeing in the sky, and explain it to me in her own words. The object was approximately 31 miles behind the jet airplane and traveling at approximately 13/15,000 feet in altitude and following the same trajectory as the passenger jet.

The object was triangular in shape, it had no wings, it had no rotary attachments, it was not leaving any contrail in it1s wake. The object was white or of a silver metallic color and material. The object was traveling at a constant speed and had no noise associated with it1s flight.As we both watched the jet airplane travel in the north-easterly direction; we called our son via cellphone whom lives 6 houses down the street and asked him to come outside his residence and look to the sky to see what we were seeing. The object was still traveling as if in tow towards the jet airplane1s direction. 

As we watched what was happening over our home, our son called us back from his cell phone and informed us to look back towards his residence that there were 2 more triangular, white or silver metallic objects traveling at the same altitude and trajectory as the first object pacing the passenger jet airplane. All of these objects were traveling at the same distance and speed of each other and approximately 4 to 5 miles apart. These objects were like the first triangular object in which they to made no noise, had no markings, left no contrail and had no wings or rotary devices attached to them, either. All three objects were all similar in shape, height, color and descriptions. I am 48 years old. I have a BS-CJ and a MS-SHRM from Troy University. I am retired from the United States Military, ARMY. I held a (TS/SBI w. SCI Access) Top-Secret Security Clearance with access to Sensitive Compartmentalized Information and was read-on in the (PRP) Personnel Reliability Program for the Confirmation, Authorization and Release of Nuclear Weapons. I also served as a COMSEC (Communications Security) Security Officer for Confidential and above Top Secret items and documents for a Nuclear Weapons SIte. I was the Trainer, Tester and Certifying Officer for more than 40 Military Police and over 100 Host National Security Forces in Emergency Training and Duress Procedures.
