{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-26 20:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469378","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91154","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/378/mufon-5469378.json","updb_database_id":5469378}
Reviewing frames in video show objects swarming airplane.

August 26, 2017At dusk I was standing on my deck and looking up. I noticed what I assumed to be a satellite (small star size). As it flew from the west towards the east, I had the thought in my mind of asking it to come back. I was shocked when it actually made a sharp turn and came back toward the west. It was very faint but I didn't take my eyes off of it and grabbed my cell phone. I followed the object with my camera as it descended heading north.  It then quickly ascended up towards the northwest and i was afraid i would lose sight of it because of my roof line. Just then a passenger jet appeared above my house heading Southeast right from the direction where the object had just quickly darted to. When I played the video back, I couldn't catch sight of it and as the months have gone on I just put it near the back of my mind thinking I had just imagined it. Last evening I decided to look at the video again, painstakingly moving through the video frame by frame telling myself that i wasn't crazy. I quickly realized I had captured more than my naked eye had seen. I don't know of any video / photography experts who could analyze what is on the video but I feel this is an urgent matter as there was air traffic that seemed to have objects swarming it. These are only a few of the screen grabs from the video and I've made exposure adjustments to a couple of them to try to clearly see the objects. There are so many of these objects that it's impossible to count or keep track of where they dart off to next. I realize cell phone cameras don't take the best quality photos but there must be a way to make these photos clearer.
