{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-17 15:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483378","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76525","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/378/mufon-5483378.json","updb_database_id":5483378}
{jpg} Did not actually see until I view photos

My driveway is a dirt road approximately 1mile long. I noticed that the clouds were floating overhead last week, (05/17/2016, Tuesday.) I drove about halfway down the driveway, with the intention of maybe capturing a UFO with my cellphone. (They like to hide in the clouds.) What trips me out, is that, this UFO in particular, was observing me taking pictures of it. As you can see, it zoomed right by me, but I was unaware of its close proximity, because I can't ever see them when I photograph them. 

My discovery of having a 'knack' for photographing UFO's has prompted me to research them extensively. What I have found out is NOT good. They are not supposed to be here. They are mapping out our Earth for it's resources. There is a silent and sinister alien intervention going on every minute of every day here, yet people are too busy to take notice. This works out in their (the alien's) favor. 

They are interferring with the natural order of the evolution of our planet and our people. They are not in their own neighborhood. They are in ours. (Red flag #1) If they were benevelant beings with respect and good intentions, for us and our planet, they ẃould be acting accordingly by butting out and/or getting permission to be here. Obviously this is not the case and we should be noticing. Some other red flags to notice that verify their selfish intentions are the abductions of humans all over the world and the inhumane testing that they do on humans. The implants they put into people...against their will. They also kill many people, and these people account for many of the open case disappearances that are on file. Cattle mutilations are another sign. (Good guys do not harm others) If they were harmless why have they infested our skys without our permission? 

They are also breeding with humans to establish their reason for being here. Eventually, we humans could become extinct. Hello, wake up people! Add up the facts. If we just kick back and watch, they will definetly take our planet away from us, as they are now... and trust and believe, that our freedom will go with it. It's already happening. This is no joke. 

People, don't take my word for this, or anyone elses. Desire to know the TRUTH for yourselves, and you will without a doubt, be led right to it. That is a universal law.
