{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-04-17 19:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504378","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54513","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2794,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/378/mufon-5504378.json","updb_database_id":5504378}
{nd} daughter saw disc in field across the street. We went out to see it. I raised sideways while ascending slowly above the wires & stopped outside our house. Children & I ran home. We were 2 doors down. Called police & they did nothing. 75 reports

My daughter, who was 6 at the time, saw a disc in the field across the street. She asked me what it was. I looked out the window and saw it was a UFO. I took the children, 2 at that time, 2 houses down to see it. It rose up off the field slowly. I saw that white lights went one way around the rim of the disc, while red lights went another way in a circle in the center of the disc. I thought to myself that I would like a closer look at it. That is when it rose up slowly on its side and came towards us rising sideways. It was enormous. My kids ran home. I did too. I smelled something in the air. A month later, I had viral pneumonia. I also have suffered from colon cancer which is not something in the family. I have seen one once before 10 years prior in Sauk Village. After this incident, I saw this disc come over the horizon towards the house for 2 weeks straight. My oldest daughter still fears them. I have no memory of abduction. I finally left that area years later. I did not fear this object until it turned on its side to go up. It was so big it frightened me as well. I called the police and reported it. They said it was a blimp. They refused to listen. 75 calls came in to the Richton Park Police and they ignored it. I drew a picture for a Deputy in Will County who then chased it. I had pneumonia for 2 months. I almost died from it. I think now it was radiation poisoning.
  I have recently had a Blackhawk copter fly over my house. Don't know why but it rattled my windows. It stopped when I put the event on Facebook. Most of my friends on there are States Attorneys and Police officers. Im a retired State worker. 
 Now I wonder if this has been all through my life. My parents put a window lock on my bedroom because I was scared as a child that someone would come in. I used to sleep under all the blankets with my head covered so something couldn't see me. Dreamt of my room being a rocket ship over and over again. Odd stuff.
