{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-20 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522378","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33689","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3452,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/378/mufon-5522378.json","updb_database_id":5522378}
4 hovering light orbs that formed triangle, then changed pattern

I just finished work and got in my car. I sat there a minute to call my boyfriend. Looking out my drivers window I observed 4 flashing lights in the near distance towards the northeast, past the far side of a lake I was parked in front of. At first the lights were stationary and blinking, maybe about 200 feet above the ground but perhaps around a 1/2-3/4 mile from where I was parked. It was dark and I thought they were lights on a tower; but then one of the lights (it was blue) moved slowly under a red light and I realized there were four independent lights. I believe one was blue and three were red (the primary colors of each). They formed a triangle shape in the air with three on the left side and a seperate one forming the triangle to the right. They hovered blinking and changing colors from red to blue, bright intense, glowing light. I was telling my boyfriend this on the phone, and of course, he didn't believe me. Even thought the formation was "stationary" the orbs/lights moved extremely fast in each small area they were "staying" in, and if I squinted, I could see beams or trails left where each one was moving within its allotted space without breaking the triangle formation. I briefly considered going back inside to get my co-workers, but by this time, the lights/orbs were moving away from me towards the northeast, at a fair pace. Not two minutes later, two helicopters headed in that general direction. By this time I was out of the parking lot and driving south, towards home, but saw the helicopters pass over me, going northeast.

This didn't surprise me much because Ive seen a couple of "unusual" objects in my neighborhood, but at a greater distance, lately (I live near an airport), but neither of the objects was a plane, helicopter or anything else. One was a white round orb, that went straight up into the air and disappeared (it reminded me of a bubble in a glass of soda rising, it was quick but graceful) and I saw something else that looked like a star that was at a great distance, but it looked like it was changing colors. Through binoculars I could make out that it was triangular, pyramidal shaped, transparent, but glowing with different colors like a web of plasma or electricity running around the outside of it (very bright, but VERY far away). It rotated and tumbled in place. I watched it for about an hour before I went into the house. I also called a tv station to see if there were any reports of it (there werent). It was about 2:30 a.m. in mid-October. A neighbor and my boyfriend also witnessed that one, but my boyfriend thinks it was a star. It was NOT. (Both of those sightings were in October of this year, a couple of weeks apart). Aside from these incidents, I have never had any knowm contact with UFOs or aliens.
