{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291378","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111958","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9024,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/378/mufon-5291378.json","updb_database_id":5291378}
extensive communications with alien craft

Student of legal age. 

per emails:

Hi Bob Spearing,

I know a lot of time passed, but I totally felt myself blocked from speaking put about my case until I felt prepared for this. Im still having these experiences, and now i could even give more information or awareness on them.

As you very well got from what I expressed, my experience with UFO sightings is an ongoing experience instead of a one or two moments, but do have some few experiences that I would highlight more than the rest.

Im currently 20 years old. I finished highschool and now im studying a professional formative course on 3D modeling/Animation (my goal is to give life to the beings I encountered with in my experiences and more). I work often as a self/employed artist and psychic reader.

Referring to your question about my mental health, yes, I suffered from some stress when I started having these amount of sightings and experiences because some were definitely negative besides the positive ones. But im much better and I can handle.

Talking bout the UFO files I sent in the past emails, these are the following locations: Madrid, Spain; Montemayor del Rio (small village of Spain). Though I saw more (not filmed) in other parts of the country.

I will try to summarize it all in a few texts.

I was 15 years old when everything started. I was centered on my studies and I had a normal life, though I always been very curious and always felt connected to ET topics. One day that curiosity started to expand further in an accelerated way, and I almost sensed i was getting information from somewhere else. I started to seek the answers of what reality is, who we are as a species, the outer space and started to get ideas like these: reality is a hologram, a simulation, we couldn't come from the hominids just, that there must have been a hybridization going on Earth years ago that made us be who we are today, and that i was somewhat different to my family.

From there, weird things started to happen, one day I was on bed and I felt a presence, I was breathing heavily and I went out of my body almost two seconds and came, that time I knew that was paranormal and i wasn't alone. Other day I decided to try to seek confirmation outside and when looking through the window, I had my first sighting. I started researching more about those ideas and strangely the more i knew the more i was getting a paranormal experience in my sky: black helicopters, drones (exaggerated number of them), military ships over my house, and ufos... unbelievable, but fortunately I wasn't alone. Now skeptics friends believe me. One day I tried to reach out to them with a green laser to proof the had telepathic abilities, a bright light appeared in the night sky and started following my laser. My friends and mom were there and they were astonished.
There was a night the presence came back to my room, and when I was trying to sleep, i started to feel how i was being pulled out of my body and I started seeing geometrical shapes and sensations around my vision and i was leaving my body. I asked in my mind if they were of peace, and I felt an overwhelming obvious energy of love in my heart/chest, like a super strong electrical current there. Though i was scared and resisted, cause i was hearing loud noises of ships or air traffic that was not normal.

After these, the experiences and sightings have not ceed, and I even got to see them in an altered state of my consciousness and felt strongly like I was receiving messages about very complex info from them, but its a lot to write about.
I will attach though, physical proofs of possible abductions. I woke up many times with these suspicious UFO marks on my knees being 100% it was not made by me or accident, plus, the shape is abnormal and matches other experiencers or people who believe they might be abducted too.
As well as rare sighting of a white object under the clouds of Madrid sky strangely shifting between orange/red light to white bluish light in minutes. Static.

If still interested in my case, I'll be pleased to share more information.

With regards,

Marina Seren.

Hi Robert,

I contacted initially the email DOI@mufon.com and Steve Hudgeons redirected me to you since I live in Spain and it is closer to you as he indicated. My original email I closed this text along with about three filmed UFO sightings:

"Hello,
Im a spanish 17 year old woman from Spain, Madrid. I have strong connection to extraterrestrials and military people. I cant stop seeing UFOs since 2 years ago since connection went stronger. I see them almost all days in various forms. I get a lot of black helicopters, military UFOs, and extraterrestrial UFOs. Im at target of these and get Mk Ultra and low frequencies, and also probably Milab (military abductee). But what i know for sure is that im a contactee of the "positive" ETs and was abducted by them too. I could expand on these topics but Im not familiar with how aware of this you are so i will go directly with my UFO experiencies.
I usually used to see a starship that look like a shooting star: a potent light that streajed across the sky in more than 3 secs in a straight perfect vertical way (shooting stars are not seen like that). And as is comprehensible, it cant really be filmed.
Then I also saw an orange light in the sky with ultra irregular trajectory that appeared from nowhere showing up to me in a viklage i was hospeding for holiday in which I have a house and its quite isolated (so no planes over there).
Other it was a bright light in the sky, I had a green special laser that reaches high altitud, and I sent out telepathically that I wanted to play with them, they started to follow it. My mom was there with open mouth, she couldnt believe it.
Then I often get the bad ones, the military ones. Black helicopters that stop in the sky and stare at me, military fight planes above my head often, and military drones and UFOs which characteristics are weird: bright light strange trajectory, they could split in two.
And finally, the ones who are attached in this email, are the ones which are the easiest to film cause they were moving slower. They are ETs: shape, distance, and trajectory was totally strange. Three are in Madrid: one in the center of madrid, two others are exactly above my terrace, where I live. The second one, appeared in the small village I mentoned before, totally isolated, but same ship that on Madrid.
I can always ask any kind of question presented of any type and I'm sure I'lll be of a lot of help. I have great information about this and probably one of the most UFO sighter of my country.

IMPORTANT: videos are too much data to send all in one mail so ill send them step by step.

Thank you.
Marina. "

Then you replied with a series of questions which I replied in my other emails and mentioned you were going to open a case in your database.

I can send the videos again too.

Best regards,

Marina.

El El lun, 14 sept 2020 a las 3:02, ROBERT SPEARING < robertspearing@comcast.net> escribió:
...Hi Marina, I have searched the MUFON database from 2018 and cant find your case. did you submit a report in our database or did you contact us by email letter directly. I may have to open a new case for you. How did you originally cantact MUFON? Was it through me or Steve Hudgeons or Jan Harzan? 2018 was forever ago. I cant find you in my emails. Thanks Bob

Hi Bob,

The video of the UFO above a hill full of trees happened in a village called Montemayor del Rio, December the 28th, 2016.

The video of the UFO above a red block house happened at my house in Madrid, August the 30th of 2017.

And the video of the UFO above a green building happened in Madrid center, July the 11th of 2017.
