{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-21 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468378","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92195","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3094,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/378/mufon-5468378.json","updb_database_id":5468378}
Unusual sighting over Berlin

I was in the bedroom of our apartment. From outside, in my view, I took a relatively bright object in the northwestern night sky outside our bedroom window. Since I no longer had my glasses on, I looked for them briefly, to look again out the window. What I saw in the night sky was a bright orange flying object with a bright white or transparent dome or rod-like structure. It moved at a constant speed from north to west. I quickly called my wife, who was also in the bedroom. She too can confirm everything. The object was somewhat rod-like vertical, like a short match, so I took it. The lower part shone strongly orange and above I saw a bright part spilling upwards, which however was not so noticeable, because it shone so strong and orange below (this constant and not pulsating).It had no position lights, was completely silent, I opened the bedroom door and listened. I heard nothing. From the altitude I would estimate it to be less than 1000 m, it also flew slower than a commercial aircraft, but again not so slow, such as. a balloon. It was perhaps a few hundred meters or a mile away (but difficult to estimate). After about 10 seconds, it disappeared in a westerly direction flying (over Sch1ferberg in the direction of Potsdam) behind the trees. We quickly tried to take a photo with our iphone, but it was already too late.For this I made this combined photo drawing (photo of the viewing situation as a base and the object on my memory with digital program on it).It comes very close to what we saw.A few more attentions:I recently downloaded a magnetometer as an app on my iphone. I came up with the idea of ​​using the app and opening the magnetometer. The full rash in the direction of a very strong magnetic field with full pointer rash and clear tones (about 320/350 microtesla), a few days before I want to try the app ever and measured in the bedroom about 45 microtesla. In addition, I can say with certainty that the compass of the iPhone (Iphone 8) indicated by 180 degrees shifted data. Where North is normally, South was. I was irritated looking at the compass, because I really did not want to believe that in the southern direction should suddenly be north. But it was like that.Also, I heard no evening bird sounds as usual. At least the nightingale at this time always something to hear from itself. It was strangely quiet.
