{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-29 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521042","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35348","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/042/mufon-5521042.json","updb_database_id":5521042}
Observations of several star-like ufos flying fast and high above my home for the past 2 months. Sometimes solid white, sometimes they seem to brighten whiter or pulsate with red-orange colors.

About 2 months ago I got my binoculars out to look closer at a couple of really bright stars/planets that seem to "flicker" different colors.
I then noticed star-like, star-colored objects that would fly super fast across the sky above me. Usually they can be seen without my binoculars when they are brightly and solidly "lit" up. Sometimes when Im tracking a brightly lit object with my binoculars, I can see dimmer ones flying by the brighter ones. This has had me mesmerized every night there are no clouds. Im obsessed with finding out what these objects are! Due to it being winter-time and cold outside, my husband will not "watch" these objects with me, so no-one else in my home has been a witness to all of this yet. The objects that I have witnessed have only followed a straight-lined path, not gone in circles or changed direction. However, sometimes I will see a "flash" of light (that is not a star twinkling) and then the moving star-like object will appear in my view. Ive never in my life seen anything like this! Last night I was waiting for the "show" to start, like every night...It was around 6 PM, Central time, and had just gotten dark enough for most of the stars to shine pretty brightly. I saw one of the objects coming--it seemed to be brighter than usual--put the binoculars up to my eyes and it seemed to "pulsate" every few seconds to a reddish-orange color. Not like an airplanes lights blink, this was like it had a light all the way around it, and the light was reddish orange. More orange than red, though. And it was BRIGHT! I was awestruck and stunned to witness this. Usually the ones I see are just a constant "white" color. I tracked it with my binoculars until it finally flew out of my sight. I wish I had a telescope to maybe see these things better, but have not been able to afford to buy one yet. My husband was not home, or I wouldve yelled for him to come out and see this one for sure. I waited a while outside for that one to appear again, but never did. Just the usual solid white ones came and went. I had to go inside because my hands and feet were starting to freeze. After about an hour or so I went back out. This time I saw what started out to be a solid white one, but then it started to "pulsate" to a brighter white. And when it got brighter, it was very bright, and seemed to be a "bigger" light source than when it stays solid??? Its hard to describe. It wouldnt stay brighter for very long, it would go back to normal and wait a few seconds to "pulsate". I watched it until it flew out of my sight. I just want to know what these are! I do believe there are ufos and other paranormal things going on in this world. Im very interested in investigating this further, but don't know how to go about doing it. Especially without a telescope. Will a telescope help me to see this fast flying things better? I don't know, but I wanted to report these sightings to someone who may know more about it. Has anyone else reported seeing this sort of thing? I have not attempted to video-tape anything or take photos since they are so high up in the sky, but I may try to tonight if there are no clouds.
