{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-14 11:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512042","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46290","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3080,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/042/mufon-5512042.json","updb_database_id":5512042}
{dr}Spotted object 02/142013,1115 near Kirtland afb

02/14/2013, 1115
Driving south on Wyoming, approaching Central/ Wyoming intersection. My eyes caught a motion which looked like an upside down comma straight ahead of me. It looked like a pencil lead gray colored streak. I assumed it was a plastic bag being swept up by a gust of wind. When I got to the stop light, I was the first vehicle in the far left lane. The traffic was heavy, the sky was was 100 % clear, no apparent wind. Out of boredom I looked up to find the " plastic bag." I saw a dark gray tear drop shaped object high up. It was stationary. The light turned green, I drove south on Wyoming looking up a few times, noting the object didn't move. I stayed in the far left lane, again was the first vehicle at the next intersection, Wyoming/Zuni; the light was red. I looked up to find that the object had changed shape. It now looked like an elongated diamond, flat white-gray in color. The surface was a blank, no windows or rotors. I thought it could be a helicopter until I noticed that it was featureless. I kept my eye on it. When the stop light turned green, I looked up as I drove south on Wyoming. The object changed shape again. I was stunned. It now looked like a stubby triangle, same flat white-gray color with three large round lights. The lights looked like faded heat lamps in color except the light emitted was intense and more white in the center. The object remained stationary. I kept my eye on it as I drove. I looked around at the drivers around me, no one appeared to notice this huge object. I looked at the buildings to the left of me and looked up, they were dwarfed by the objects size. I thought the object was hovering near until i saw a military jet fly under it. The jet had a contrail, I thought it had taken off from the base by its angle of ascent. I was very close to the base gates at this time.  The jet was the the size of one of the triangular corners on the object. The object was clear. I could see it as if I could reach out and touch it. I pulled into a Chevron station located near the Kirtland base gates. I could see the object until I got out of my vehicle and looked up. It was gone. Coincidence? There were several jets crisscrossing the sky for the next hour. I felt no fear, only disbelief. I am grounded in science and a UFO skeptic. Could this be military? It had to ascend somewhere near or from ground level on base. It was always in front of me as I drove South.
