{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-21 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289042","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114318","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2381,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/042/mufon-5289042.json","updb_database_id":5289042}
Satellite like object moving E to W in clear sky, then vanishes for no reason. Second event, object reappeared, stationary, possible signaling to me

Was a clear crisp night of approx -1 deg c, no cloud cover, no light pollution and was on my rural property. I had not consumed any alcohol, drugs and don't hallucinate.

I was taking my dog out before bed as per usual, and as always, scan the sky as shooting stars, northern lights and satellites are fairly normal to see here.

Was looking approx 20 deg up, at 180 deg azimuth direction when I saw what looked like a satellite traveling east to west in the sky. It was moving as fast as I have seen satellites move before, was a crisp white light, no blinking.

I watched it for about 15 seconds, then it just vanished. There was no clouds for it to be concealed by and it did not change course so that I simply could not see it anymore, it just cancelled out of view instantly.

I had my 1000 lumen light with me and thought why not set it to strobe mode and point it at the sky where I saw the object last.

I did this at a tempo of 2 seconds on, 2 seconds off and repeated for a total of 4 times.

A bright white stationary light then appeared where I saw the object last approximately. It was as bright as the moon, the size of a nearby star and seemed as close as the altitude of an airliner at optimal cruise altitude.

The object then repeated the tempo of my flashlight and turned itself on and off four times. I just started laughing because I couldn't believe it was happening.

It was like a light switch going on and off on a bright star, completely there and bright, then not there, back and forth.

I tried to keep this “light talk” going on but did not get any other responses.

Thank You
