{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-25 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548042","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12808","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4042,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/042/mufon-5548042.json","updb_database_id":5548042}
Several large bright white lights followed by or mixed with smaller red lights

I was awakened out of a sound sleep about 3-4AM by very bright lights passing behind the trees outside my bedroom/sunroom to the East. The lights were moving slowly and without any sound and appeared to be not more than 30-40 feet off the ground, although I could not tell how far away they were and I live on a hill, so they could have been up higher off the ground below the hill. I got up and ran into the sunroom where I stared at the lights, first telling myself that it must be a car going up the hill, but then realizing that the hill was not that high, so that it must be something else. I then thought maybe it was the Medivac Flight for Life helicopter making a landing at the hospital nearby at the bottom of the hill, but there was no sound. There is no ambient light in my neigborhood either...no street lights of any kind and no house light were on at that time, so it was very dark . The lights drifted up the hill towards the mountain behind this area (Shadow Mountain) and then made a sharp u turn and came straight back at a higher altitude. At that point I recall saying out loud, "Holy [pd]"!! and thinking to myself that I must be seeing a UFO.... Oddly enough, I do not recall anything after that, and the next morning I did not remember that the event had occurred at all. I woke up feeling as if I had a hangover; my eyes were red, I had bags under my eyes and I felt very fuzzy and tired even though I assumed that I must have gone back to bed and slept for several more hours. Even the following day I still felt strangely exhausted and had bags under my eyes, but at the same time I felt energized and excited mentally. I did not think about or remember the event at all until the afternoon of Friday the 26th when a friend called me and read me an article in the newspaper about a UFO sighting in the valley at the very same time that I had had this experience. I went out and got the newspaper, read the article myself, and then called the sheriff's department, because one of the deputies had also seen this object, as well as a local woman who lives near me, whom they then had call me. The memory of the event started to come back to me as I discussed it with both of them. We all saw "something", but the deputy is still convinced that it was just a small plane flying low and disappearing over a hill (the same hill where the other woman had her sighting, which is also just to the West of where I live) even though no planes can land here at 3-4AM because the airport is closed then. The sightings had some similarities, although it seemed that the object was changing shape, color and speed. I have put in a call to air traffic control today to check on the presence of any aircraft in the area at that time, but they do not open until Monday, so I have not been able to talk to them. An aircraft could not have made that sharp U turn that I observed, however; not even a helicopter. I also called [L. S.], and I even gave his number to the newspaper, who also called me, since they said that they did not know where to report this, but [L.S] has not returned my call yet. I then remembered that MUFON takes reports, so here it is.....The other woman just called me and we had a very interesting chat about "it all" including several other similar strange experiences that we have both had. She may file a report with you as well.......
