{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-02 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291042","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/042/mufon-5291042.json","updb_database_id":5291042}
Watched a silent black triangle with a light in each corner slowly float over our neighbor's house.

I'm late to reporting this, by about 4 years, so my date and time on this sighting might be inaccurate, which would make it hard to investigate, but I figured it is still better to have then not, incase someone else has seen it too.
I was at my parents house in 2016, and we had just finished having a fire in the back yard. We were headed inside when me and my father stopped on the back deck to have a cigarette. We were there for maybe 2-3 minutes when he spotted it first and said out loud "hey, whats that?" and I looked to see this triangular object float over top of our neighbours home. It had one white light in each bottom corner, and the lights were solid. No other lights to speak of. And it appeared black, as it was being backlit by the moon which hangs in that part of the sky. I could not see any other details on the craft itself. The sighting was only 10-12 seconds, but it was enough to leave us both wondering what it could be. It did not chane direction or move at a high speed, but it was moving very slow, slow enough it would fall out of the sky, and was totally silent. 
Now it gets more interesting when I mention we live right beside CFB Greenwood. And our home is almost at the end of the run way. We know aircraft, and how they look and sound. And on top of that my father spent almost 30 years in the air force, working on the same airbase almost the entire time. He knows everything that flies out of that base and has spent time with most of the vehicles personally. When he was totally shocked and had no explanation for something that was essentially, right there, that made me realize that this was real. Its hard to write off as anything known because of how silent it was, and since we have aircraft fly over head daily we know exactly what to expect.
But that's all there is to it, a short sighting near a airbase. I've attached some recreation photos that I made a few weeks afterwards, taken from the same spot we were standing when we saw it (sorry for the low res). The first one has more information about the sighting and second picture is a close to what we saw as I could get with the bad photos my tablet took.
