{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-26 23:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504511","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54378","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2956,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/511/mufon-5504511.json","updb_database_id":5504511}
Could have been a car but seems impossible.

My mom and I were heading back from the Casino at about 11:46 PM, I was driving and my mom was wide awake we both did not consume alcohol at the Casino. 

We were on highway 219 and just before the road takes a bend to straighten out to the north, what seemed to be a car got onto the road. For a second I didn't think anything of it but then I am like how the hell did it just merge onto the highway at that speed, I was going 100 so this vehicle would have been going 120-150km/h and it didn't slow down when it dashed onto the road. 

So I ask my mom "what the hell is that a ski-doo?" as it appeared to me to be in the field by the road (I was unaware that there was a bend in the road coming up), and she says "what that small car?" and I say "what it can't be a car it looks small like a ski-doo or 4 wheeler. So we turn our attention to the side of the road and there are signs coming up so I say "that must be the road it came from" but turns out it is not a road at all, it is where the road starts to take a bend. My mom then says there were no roads as she was watching her side of the road after it turned cause she thought it looked strange too.

So then I speed up trying to catch up to it and it looks like it is following the bend in the road (and explains why I thought it was traveling in the field). But it is impossible after we hit 110, in the distance we both noticed a white van waiting at a 4 way intersection to cross the road and for what seemed like a second I looked at the van then back at the road and there was nothing there the vehicle vanished. My mom said the same thing to me that she looked at the Van then back at the road and it was gone. 

As we crossed the 4 way intersection we looked down both ways and saw no vehicles. I sped up again to 120 to try and see if we meet up with any cars ahead of me but there was nothing. 

This vehicle came onto the road ahead of us quite a ways away I would say it would not be too affected by my high beams. Seemed my low lights could not reach it. We didn't see the shape of the vehicle or any light glares from their front. Just two rectangular octagonal red lights in the back which were outline looking. The back lights never went out of our sight until we noticed the white van. This vehicle appeared to be very small.
