{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-28 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501511","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57531","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/511/mufon-5501511.json","updb_database_id":5501511}
{dr}3 Large Saucer Shaped Flying Objects Glowing Redish Orange

Saturday June 28th 2014 in Ridgway, Pennsylvania at 11:30 PM. My 67 year old neighbor Dave Lewis (I think 67) and I (I'm 31) were sitting in lawn chairs in front of his garage when his wife who is 10 years older yelled from the porch to look up in the sky. She came running down and before you know it most of the people in the neighborhood came out and watched 3 saucer shaped objects burning bright reddish orange darting around in the sky for about 20 minutes. After about 15 minutes several planes formed a large circle around 2 of the objects they disappeared and reappeared or were just flying so fast it was ridiculous. They were the size of an aircraft carrier or 4. Dave claimed they had to be above 34,000 feet . It was a clear night and you could see all the stars.We were in ahww in how they flew so fast and were burning so bright. They made no sound. Then suddenly a 3rd object came then they all headed west so fast it was incredible. The planes circled and flew off after them but couldn't even come close to the speed these objects were moving. Also a few of what we all agreed were fighter jets came from the South in a V formation and shot out after the objects. By the time we had a camera it was all over. Then today I was on reddit and found this link about Altoona UFOS and it brought me here. The video does not do justice to what we saw. Today I went to my local Pub to have a beer and an off duty nurse who was talking to her son and he started talking about how he was camping Saturday and that a group of his friends (around 30 of them) saw UFOS. I listened to what he said and he described the same things I had seen. Also after interrupting their conversation and finding out where he was camping I figured he had saw them after our sighting and that he was in a direct line west about 5 miles from where we sat. I have been to many airshow with my Grandpa a WW2 vet I have never seen anything like it in my whole life. I didn't know anything that big could move that fast. We all talked about it for an hour afterwards and came the conclusion that they were some kind of flying ship because they seemed to have an intelligent person or something behind some controls. We also agreed that the UFOS were aware that the planes were tailgating them and following them and when they were surrounded decided to haul ass.
