{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-17 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525511","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4310,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/511/mufon-5525511.json","updb_database_id":5525511}
Red Spherical Object in Night Sky

My mother (name deleted)fg and I were sitting on our front porch having a cigarette, and talking. I was sitting on the bottom step, and Mom was sitting on a chair, farther up on the portch, about a foot away from me and about two feet higher in visual perspective. Mom brought my attention to an object in the Western sky, low. 

We both watch the skies regularly, due to previous small sightings. 

I don't know what made her notice it- shes not sure either. She said that she thinks it was because it /wasnt/ blinking. It was a steady light. It was a red orb or sphere. It seemed self-luminos; similar to a red, old-fashioned Christmas bulb (one of the big ones they used to make,) only spherical. 

I watched to see if it would turn. We see lots of airplanes here, and sometimes you cant tell what they are until they turn, and you see the headlights. The object I saw turned enough to make sure it wasnt an airplane. It had no headlights, like an airplane. It was also not a helicopter. We have even more experience with those where I live- our house is directly under the main flight path for medi-flight helicopters from a local hospital (Sacred Heart Hospital) and since we are in a poor and a slightly-higher crime neighborhood, we see many police helicopters (every Friday and Saturday night, in fact. Weve started joking about it.) 

The object I saw made no noise, certainly not the noise of a plane or helicopter. It could not have been a high-flying plane- the light was too big and appeared to be closer to the ground than that. I would estimate it was about as far up as the helicopters I frequently see. But it was not a helicopter. 

We watched it move, with no sound, toward and North of us. From my point of view, it seemed to... wiggle (is the best word I can think of) slowly back and forth as it flew. My mother states that she didn't observe the wiggling, but she had a slightly harder time seeing it than myself, from her position on the portch. The light was steady, still red, and moved smoothy... Even the wiggles were smooth and slow.

I kept my eyes open, purposely not blinking, and watched it begin to flicker from red to orange to white and back again before it simply disappeared. (Ive had sightings before where I found blinking to be a problem in tracking the UFO, so now, I just try not to blink!);) Literally, one second it was there and the next it was gone. There was no streak of light or any kind of trail. We watched the sky for a while after, seeing if it would appear again, but it didn't. 

A neighbor, across the street came bursting out his front door with his dog, looked up at the sky, and ran back inside. Im pretty sure he saw the light from the back of his house, and came out front when he lost it. No one takes their dog out for a 3 second walk. If I talk to him tomorrow I will urge him to make his own report.

As far as how I (and my mother) felt, I can only say that it was the same as our previous sightings. That is to say that we both had the feeling of it noticing that we noticed it. This time, it seemed like our seeing it made it flee, like it didn't want to be seen. This frustrates me, though, because Ive seen "lights" through the course of my life. Now, I want to see a whole ship! I guess I kinda feel like, if I don't see the outline of a ship, I cant be absolutely certain of what I saw. I know there are probably a million explanations for what I saw tonight that I havent already thought of, but it was weird. And after hearing of other peoples sightings, I feel kinda cheated that all I get to see are lights! Thats how I feel, anyway. My mom described the whole thing as "High Strangeness."
