{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527511","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/511/mufon-5527511.json","updb_database_id":5527511}
Young girls and children/dogs sleeping on stacked hay bales in field were awakened by a big white light and high-pitched noise moving slowly over the field toward us.

In about 1953 three of us young girls (I was 11-1/2 then) were sleeping out in the middle of a field on top of stacked hay bales (away from houses) w/little children and dogs. We were awakened in the middle of the night(I am just guessing that it was midnight or after), and the children were all crying, and the dogs crouched down and growling. What awakened us was this high-pitched noise, seemingly coming from the big white light we saw. (we described it as like a huge headlight). This big white light was moving slowly in a straight line from the north --- toward us, who were south of it. It must have been 50 ft or more above the ground. At first all we could think of was that it might be a tractor working at night in the field, but the sound was NOT that of a tractor, and the one big white light was all we could see. We older girls became just frantic and we tried to quickly think of which way to run, or whether to try to run away with the small children. The nearest house was down a dark lane, with many trees over it. And the road to the next-closest house was clear & open, but a lot further. It might have all happened faster than the 5 min. estimate I gave, as a minute seemed like an hour while we tried desperately to think what to do. Finally the light just "clicked off", like someone turning off a light switch --- and the high-pitched noise stopped at the same instant. Then all just looked normal (black) in the field.  By then we older girls were so wide-awake and alert that we just stayed awake till daylight. The small children went back to sleep. When daylight arrived, we ran home --- and told my Aunt and Uncle we had seen a "flying saucer". (although it wasn't saucer shape: UFO wasn't something anyone called them then). {I was spending time as always in summer with my cousin, and the Aunt and Uncle were her parents} They laughed uproareously and we were crestfallen, because we hoped they would explain it to us, or at least take us seriously. That was long ago, and all my family make fun of what we saw; but none of us three girls (who were the older ones) have ever forgotten it. Especially me, who was oldest, and I have always had a good memory. 
  I didn't give it too much thought in the months and years that followed.  Then in about 1965 I was reading a booklet of accounts of people who saw UFO's. And in one fellow's description of what he saw, he said the EXACT same thing as we had viewed:  a big white light and high pitched noise, disappearing instantly after a few minutes like "someone turning off a light"! I thought then "I guess we WEREN'T crazy" back in 1953 when we saw it. We were way out in the country, with only a few farms around when we saw it. I am now 68, and have always thought I should tell of our sighting, but never knew where to do so. It was long ago, but still remains firmly in my mind.
