{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-02-01 01:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60287","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3697,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5498872.json","updb_database_id":5498872}
{cak} Very Large Black craft (complealty silent) three lights around edge (that i could see) aproached slowly for about 30 minutes from far away

I can1t remember the exact date, it was a very clear night and I was walking home at about 1 am with my friend we stopped at a play ground to talk. We climbed up on top of the wooded 1castle1 structure at the park. I noticed a light blinking on the horizon far off, I thought it was a star and inquired about it. (I was from up north so in FL where we were, you could see many more stars than I was used to) My friend suggested it was a satellite. Then we noticed it was moving across the sky slowly, and it peaked our interest we watched as it came closer and we noticed its flight pattern was not straight (like a planes would be) but slowly in a zig zag pattern as if it was hovering back and forth some distance each way. Slowly moving back and forth east to west but in a continuous Southern direction towards us ( I would estimate this came from MANY miles away from us based on the clarity and size of lights from the beginning of watching it to when it came close. It slowly came closer maybe 30 minutes went by we watched it the whole time. At first we could only see lights blinking but as it got closer it looked to be three lights (two white one orange I think) either blinking on and off one after the other along the 1edge1 of the craft or possibly the edge was moving. (I am not sure) the rest of the craft was black and made no sound that we could hear. The craft seemed to be flat on top and bottom though it was difficult to determine as it was black and nighttime. As it got even closer we could no longer see the lights on the edge. We could just see the underneath (which was completely black) and the only reason we could see just how huge it was, was because it blocked our view of the stars. It flew DIRECTLY over us I cannot judge how far up it was because it made no sound to relate to. But if it was low it was completely blocking at least about the size of two foot ball fields worth of stars out. If it was higher up it was even bigger1 It was VERY Big and a solid shape (I think I remember it as triangle but it could have been a rectangle moving with one of the corners forward. It was completely silent; if we did not watch it approach I am not sure we would have noticed it. 
When the craft was directly over head we got scared and jumped down to hide underneath the wooden castle, because we thought, 1if we could see it could probably see us.1 (We were both about 20 years old at the time) we only stayed under the structure for about 20 seconds but I can1t remember watching it leave at all. I just remember him and me standing at the edge of the park talking about how amazing seeing it was and talking about 1did we really just see that? I don1t think we lost any time I got to my house about 2:20 am which was about a 5 minute walk from the park. 
our location is the blue blurb in the map I sent.
