{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-01 02:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62506","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5496872.json","updb_database_id":5496872}
{nd} not a UFO event. I was touched by an something and there was a strange odor

. I was at my parents house in my old bedroom. I was lying on my left side facing a window. I went to bed probably around 1 am and I couldn't have been asleep more than a couple minutes when I woke up and I was paralyzed or something. I couldn't move my body at all and I remember this happening to me when I was 19 at my grandmothers house. On that occasion I got very scared and it felt like there was something watching me or something. Then I heard someone whisper my name loudly. it sounded like it was coming from inside and outside my head. It said "Cody" which is my nickname from birth. That is the name most people know me by. Anyway back to the latest incident. Like I was saying I remembered this feeling and I didn't like it. I began to feel scared and that in turn made me frustrated and angry because I just wanted to go to sleep. I think the anger is what helped me snap out of the "paralysis". So I snapped out of it and immediately went back to sleep after about a minute or two. Again I wake up after no more than another couple of minutes and again I am "paralyzed". Still lying on left side facing window. It took a bit longer to snap out of it this time but I did. Again getting angry at feeling afraid. I got up and smoked a cigarette and went back to bed and fell right back asleep this time lying on my right side. This 3rd and final time I wake again "paralyzed" but no matter how hard I try I cant snap out of it. This is where thing get "crazy" as I've so often been called when I tell this to people though thankfully some believe me. Something touches the back of my head. I feel the pressure of it. No noticeable temperature change. This freaks me out and I can only describe my feelings as abject terror. There is an odor that is strange but not bad. The odor seems to be familiar and unfamiliar at the same time. Like fresh cut grass and cinnamon/spices along with something I cant identify. I found out later from some website that 90 percent of people who report a contact experience say they smelled an incense like or spices like smell during the encounter. I about fell off my chair when I read that. Any way I was freaking out inside and tried to reach back with my right arm to hit or grab whatever was there and I tried to scream for my mom but all that happened was my middle finger twitched (my hand was in my line of sight) and I made a gurgling sound. Then a blue hand with what looked like a thumb and two fingers reached around in front of my face and slowly put its hand on my mouth. as soon as it touched me I felt peace and realized that everything was ok. then it disappeared. I am running out of time on this computer because im at a library using it so im cutting this a little short but that's the jist of it. I no Know for a fact there is something out there and I feel priveliged
