{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90639","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7856,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5469872.json","updb_database_id":5469872}
{jpg} Daytime large cylinder

At time of sighting, was dwelling on Brixton Dr. in extreme NE quadrant of Amarillo, TX. Was outdoors in rear yard of residence in early afternoon, prior to my kids' arrival back home from school by bus, engaged in activity of jumping on trampoline while facing North. Day was seasonably warm in temp., do not recall noticeable wind, sun was approx. 45 degrees off of horizon to SSW, and regional sky cloudless, with exception of single, smallish, white, "oddball" cloud noted to extreme North. Personal past experiences had made me a bit more interested/aware than most of things in the air around me, and while maintaining caution towards landings during jumping on trampoline, would periodically glance idly about the sky around me, to see if any aircraft could be seen, especially with the nearby proximity of Amarillo International Airport few miles away from my position, to the ESE. Glancing quickly around me while jumping, I noticed something traveling in the air approx. 1.5-2 miles to the East of my position, that I took at first, quick glance as a common commercial passenger airliner. With quick glance at object, had noted there was something "unusual/not right" about its appearance, causing me to do "double-take" glance back at object, whereupon noticed that object did not appear to possess wings, or tail structures. Realization caused me to stop trampoline jumping activity, and brought object under intense observation. Object was initially at approx. 15 degrees off of the horizon (approx. 30 degrees, when nearest), at estimated altitude of approx. 3,000 ft., on a NW trajectory course, traveling at speed normally associated to commercial airliner travel speed while slowly gaining altitude. No associated noise or smell detected throughout incident, no detected reactions from area's scattered cattle present, and object seemed to always display linear trajectories & consistent speed. Initially, watched object travel from the point to my East, to a point to my NW, with the object approaching to within approx. 3/4-1 mile distance, when passed point to my NE, with total uninterrupted initial observation time of approx. 3-3.5 minutes. Object appeared as large, round-ended, material construct of cylindrical shape, composed of metallic exterior with appearance/coloration of dull, aged/weathered, non-reflective aluminum/magnesium, with estimated length approx. 80-100 ft., and diameter of approx. 20-25 ft. Object appeared to be moderately covered upon its exterior surface with seemingly random arrangement of mostly square & rectangular "panels/patchworks", of dull, flat, darkish, brick-red/red-brown coloration (maroon?). While had object under such observation, , specifically looked for conventional features found on normal aircraft, but detected no wings, no tail structure, no engines, no contrail/exhaust trail/turbine thermal heat-ripple trail, no landing gear, no windows/portals, no doors/hatches, no copula, no gondola, no exterior lights, and no exterior lettering/numbers/logos. While observing object, experienced growing sense of unease & confusion as systematically failed to detect any conventional features upon it, as well as a growing "sense" that the occupants/controllers of object were "aware" that had them under observation, and were somehow "reading my thoughts" throughout the incident. When object reached a point to my NW, and appeared intent on continuing onward away from my location, I derisively dismissed the whole thing as "B.S.", figured inability to detect conventional features upon object "must" simply be due to my particular angle of observation, as such are only the type of things read about in newspapers/magazines, or sees on T.V. Disregarded object and took eyes off it for approx. 10 seconds, while I resumed vigorous jumping activity upon trampoline, again. After approx. 10 seconds of jumping, complete inability to detect anything conventional about object gradually weighed heavy enough on mind, that cast suspicious glance back into area of sky had last seen object, and was fairly shocked & astonished to see object had apparently "reversed course", and was now headed in opposite direction, towards where had been first spotted, without having swung around wide in normal aircraft "turn", as object appeared to keep the same side oriented towards me, throughout incident. Realizing such maneuver would be impossible for something conventional size of commercial airliner, immediately stopped trampoline jumping activity again, cursed self for missing course reversal being executed, and again brought object under intense observation for similar period of approx. 3-3.5 minutes. Observation results were just as confusing as before, although again sensed object's occupants/controllers had intensified their own awareness of me, perhaps being unfamiliar with function of trampoline, and may have "surprised" them enough with such, to reverse course and pass by again, for "2nd look". When object reached approx. location where first seen, again derisively dismissed whole thing as B.S., although not as "confidently" as before, and repeated process of taking eyes off the object for approx. 10 seconds, while again resumed trampoline activities. Unconventional nature of object was weighing even heavier on mind, and after jumping again for brief period, glanced with trepidation back towards where object last seen. Was bit stunned & dumbfounded to observe had again missed witnessing a course reversal executed by object, stopped jumping activity again, brought object under intense observation once more, with mental determination not take eyes off again, in case executed another course reversal, until could no longer see/detect it. With this last course reversal, object appeared to have adjusted its course trajectory somewhat, and now traveling in direction more to North, appearing to slowly, gradually increase altitude as progressed. Had sense that object's occupants/controllers were aware of my thought determinations towards witnessing course reversal & continuing observation uninterrupted until lost to sight, as object never thereafter executed another course reversal under observation, and object now seemed to head towards the one small, oddball cloud formation in region, in extreme North. Had object under observation another approx. 7-8 minutes, until lost in distance to unaided eye, prior having reached distant cloud. Cloud estimated at approx. 10,000-15,000 ft. altitude. When first sighted, object passing over/near then-recent "ground-breaking" efforts towards multiple, new Texas Department of Criminal Justice sites/buildings. In area proximity is also PANTEX Plant, where U.S. was dismantling "surplus" nuclear weapons during time period, from treaty with U.S.S.R. Several weapons storage bunkers evident around plant area, and object may originally in area to "survey" new construction sites. Almost immediately thereafter incident, developed sense of dread/foreboding had attracted unwanted "attention" by phenomenon, and quite soon thereafter began noticing signs/evidence of possible abduction activity involving my kids, as well as their nearby cousins/friends. Sketches available.
