{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-26 22:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34334","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2287,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5521872.json","updb_database_id":5521872}
Triangular UFO with Small Flashing Companion

My husband and I were driving home from the beach, along Belcher, headed towards Countryside Blvd. I noticed a large glowing light with a smaller, slowly and intermittently blinking light moving slowly in a straight path below it. I pointed it out to my husband, and he said it was a radio tower. After a short while, the smaller blinking light disappeared from sight, but I don't know if it disappeared, or if I lost sight of it behind trees. The larger light was flying along a path just north of SR 580. As my husband and I approached Countryside Blvd, I mentioned about the light again, and said that I didn't think it was a radio tower, and he said it was an airplane. I felt the object was traveling way too slow to be an airplane, so he turned off of Countryside, onto SR 580. We started to drive west on SR 580, and the object was about to head over a small road and over a shopping center, so we turned down the road to get a better look. The object had three yellowish lights, in a perfect triangular pattern. We did NOT see any blue/red safety lights. The object crossed the road ahead of us, and made a slow turn to start heading across SR 580. At this point, I was losing sight of it behind trees, and having my husband turn around to follow it, because I thought it was just traveling WAY to slow to be an airplane. As my husband is turning around, I notice 3 more lights appear on the object. By the time we had turned around and headed back to the place where it should have been, it had vanished. We continued driving around the neighborhood, in the direction it should have been, since it was so slow, and we could find no sign of it.
