{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-02-01 16:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91679","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6797,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5468872.json","updb_database_id":5468872}
{jpg} I was on dirt road near copper mine (open) when I observed classic saucer craft appear on my left, fly in front of my car (50 feet above approx) then observed craft to my right fly over valley into mountain. Followed by two strange jets.

After an argument with my girlfriend, I took a ride to clear my head. We were living in Silver City, New Mexico at the time. A man in his 70's had leant us his car, and that is the car I was in. Oddly, yet probably not connected, this man was a retired engineer for NASA. Anyways. Back to the sighting. I was traveling southwest on a dirt road (I believe it was red rock rd.) Towards an open pit copper mine named Tyrone, if memory serves. I had been driving for about a half hour, and decided to turn around and head back the same way. So at this point, I was heading northeast on the dirt road. It was around sunset. To my left, I observed the sun setting at the top of a hill of some sort. Just then I saw a silhouetted disc quickly appear, fly in front of the car and to my right I observed the craft fly over a valley where town was, then into a mountain. I expected to see a fireball, as it looked like a crash. Just before it entered the mountain, I saw the sun shimmer off of the craft. To best describe the craft, I would say it was a gun metal grey/dark grey, and the shape was a slick saucer shape. Not having a pronounced top "bubble" but a slight curve on top. The whole sighting lasted maybe 4-5 seconds from first sight to the mountain. It was going an Incredible speed, traveling maybe 20-30 miles in those few seconds. Just as it had flown over in front of the car, I stopped to watch. It was exciting. Just as the craft disappeared into the mountain, I heard the sound of jets coming from the same path the craft had just come from. So I looked to my left and observed a strange jet I have never seen, or heard about. I call it a personal star wars jet, as it was very small in comparison to normal jets, and shapped like an H. Or like if you rotated a capitol I onto it's side, and put a cockpit in the middle. There were two jets total. The first appeared to be chasing the craft, however it came over the hill on the left a few seconds after the craft had entered the mountain. So I believe it had lost sight of the craft, and it flew over the mountain the craft had entered. It seemed that the jet was going full speed, which was about a third of the speed of the previous craft. Directly following the first jet, was a second jet who seemed more interested in me. Instead of going full speed it seemed as if he slowed down. Rather than following the same path as the previous jet/craft, he almost did a half circle around me. As he came back towards me during the second half of the circle, I could make out the shape of the pilot. Just then, he began tipping his wings back and forth, almost like marking me as a witness. After he had flown partly around me, he returned to the original path and flew the same direction as the previous jet. Eastward, over the mountain. That was the extent of my sighting. It was fast, about 30 seconds. Basically like look to the left, up a little through the windshield. Look to the right, see craft enter mountain,(4-5 seconds total). Look to the left again. See jet, look up through windshield again, then to the right. (8-10 seconds total) few seconds later, again look to my left, see second jet. Watched him fly partly around me in front of me. Looking through the windshield he started tipping wings. Then straitened out and flew off to my right over the valley and mountain (10-12 seconds) I composed myself and drove directly home. My emotions went from angry and frustrated from the argument I had with my girlfriend, to excitement and disbelief. However, having an extreme need to rush home to talk about my sighting. Something happened afterwards too. It's on the far fetched side of things. Well I guess this whole thing could be considered far fetched, so I might as well also report it. I guess I should give you a quick background. My girlfriend and I went traveling cross country from vermont September 2009. Our van broke down outside of silver city, in pinos altos. We hitchhiked to silver city to find help getting the van out of the woods (gila forrest). My girlfriend met a greek orthodox monk who had a benefactor who had donated 10,000 dollars to his small church. The monk helped us get the van towed, then gave us 1,000 dollars to get a place to stay. We began going to his "church" which consisted of me, my girlfriend, and Bill, the benefactor. So between October 09 and march 2010 we all became close. Bill was the man who lent me the car. The car I saw the sighting with. The car that seemed to be "marked" by that jet. So. Back to the story, there I am returning Bill's car a few weeks after the sighting. My girlfriend and I continue to attend "church" but Bill had stopped going. Eventually, we stopped attending as well. This was probably around easter in april 2010. My girlfriend and I did not see the monk for a few months, but sometime during the summer we bumped into him. We asked him how Bill was, and father Herman (the monk) told us that Bill was not doing well. He went on to say that Bill had become paranoid and reclusive. I asked how so? Father Herman began describing how Bill had become convinced that government agents dressed in black put him under intense surveillance. I kept my sighting to myself, but often wonder if Bill was really sick, or if the government did a follow up investigation after my experience. And that's my story in a nutshell. I didn't know much about ufos or anything befor the sighting. I guess the past 8 years, I've learned a lot. I know this report can't really be substantiated, unless others reported something around that time, in that area. But I guess after learning about other people's experiences, I almost feel a responsibility to speak out. Thanks for this opportunity to do so.
