{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-22 18:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52964","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5505872.json","updb_database_id":5505872}
{nd} Stationary very bright light that would disappear, reappear, go bright dim, dark

BACK GROUND: I am new to a property where I work at night for 12 hours at a time outside in the middle of no where. Odd things happen there that have made me pay attention to my surroundings more and outside all I have to do is watch the sky. 

Driving into work right after dusk a very very unusually bright light caught the corner of my left eye. I thought this was odd because airplanes don't have lights that bright. I watched for a second to see if it was moving and it was stationary. I pulled over on the side of the road to watch it more closely and it was stationary right above the clouds. It looked like a really bright white star but it would go from dim and looking like a tiny white dot, to very very brilliantly bright white and than it would disappear and reappear in the same place or stay above the clouds and it did this over and over again and finally disappeared. I was stunned and told a few guys in my break room what I saw right down the street from work. To my surprise they were not surprised because they have seen UFOs there. One guy actually taped one and it was all over the news and investigators came out to our work and there is a video of it on youtube. (McLane/Western UFO sighting if you google it) What I saw was what the other guys saw in the past only the UFO was closer when they saw it last year. They told me they always see stuff that makes them take a second look out there at night. 

This was my 3rd UFO sighting in my lifetime (28 yrs), 2nd in Colorado. 1st was when I was a kid one was 50 foot above our car in NJ and my mother forbids our family from talking about it ever and still does, 2nd was about 2 years ago husband and I saw a brown cigar one over the mountains doing zigzag lines than it took off, and now this one when I was alone. I was always semi curious about UFOs all my life because of the event that happened when I was a kid and because my uncle used to talk about being abducted but after this sighting I am full on interested and I am unafraid of them and I want to know more.
