{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-23 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117527","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3791,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5285872.json","updb_database_id":5285872}
Lyrid Meteor Shower - UFO Sighting - April 2020 {bright flash, then object kept flying toward the horizon, zig-zagging} - {djs}

My girlfriend and I went up a bit past Montage, Michigan on April 22nd, 2020 to see the Lyrid Meteor Shower. Since I am a photographer and an individual that loves doing nighttime time-lapses I thought this was a great moment to see one of the best annual night sky events.

We arrived sometime after 11 pm on a side entrance to a golf course that overlooks Lake Michigan. It was very dark with one of the clearest night skies I had seen for months. I went and set up my cameras and began the time-lapse. Over the course of the next few hours, we saw a tremendous amount of meteors raining into our atmosphere. Around 2 am on April 23rd, being frozen we went into the car to warm up. After about 30 min. we exited the car feeling normal and headed back to the cameras to try and get a glimpse of a few more meteors before we started heading home. On the short walk back to the main camera I looked up and saw a huge burst of light from the corner of my eyes. I ran around the big pine tree (which you see in the photos) and caught a glimpse of what I thought at first was the biggest meteor we had seen all night. However, instead of dissipating or burning up into thin air like meteors do (usually within seconds), the object kept flying toward the horizon. However, it did NOT fly straight. It was zig-zagging back and forth while flying towards the eastern horizon. My girlfriend also saw this. We watched it grow smaller as it flew away for close to 3 minutes as we discussed what it could be. 

As you can see in the photos, there is no zig-zagging between the 9 photos. This is because I was using a 15mm lens and at that distance, anything moving that far up in the sky would look like it's moving straight. 

Each photo was taken with a 30-second exposure. Out of the 9 images, you are able to clearly see the object in the frame for 7 images meaning that whatever we saw - entered into the atmosphere and kept flying for roughly 3 to 3.5 minutes. There is nothing that I am aware of on earth that can do this.

I have spent years taking photos of the night sky and know very well how to tell the difference between a satellite, plane, pulsating stars, and other objects. These other common daily objects translate to photographs differently and usually, you can tell if there are blinking lights on a plane or other object even from a distance. There was none on this. This is something I have never encountered before. I do believe I captured something unique. Maybe it is a man-made device, but I am clueless to know what - If it is man-made. If you have any ideas of what it could be please keep me informed.

I am including two zip files that have 9 photographs each. One with the original RAW files and then another that I color corrected in Adobe Lightroom from that night.
