{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4263,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5492872.json","updb_database_id":5492872}
{cak} Driving from Lexington to Winchester. all cars immediately moved to the emergency lane including mine. the man infront of me got out of his car and looked up with his mouth dropped. i didn't get out of my car but saw a UFO.

I was driving from Lexington to Winchester Kentucky after shopping and going home around 1 p.m. My car immediately moved behind all the other cars on the interstate 64 E into the emergency lane. I had no control over my car at that point. I was scared but watched the guy in front of me get out of his car and look across the interstate with his mouth dropped in amazement. I looked out my driver's side window and saw a huge triangular shaped hovering craft over top of a building no bigger than 1 story house. I also saw that it had multicolored lights all around it. I remember counting them in a 5 colored sequence. It wasn't Christmas lights either. It was in the summer. The UFO was huge. At first I thought this is military aircraft. I wondered what they were doing but then I remembered my car moved over on it's own and I immediately started to freak out. So, I kept trying to get my car to start and get out of there. I started to see a slow moving cloud like a fog coming behind my car. It was a sun shiny day with not a cloud in the sky and now I'm seeing fog. I'm freaking out some more. It was like I hit the twilight zone. I was completely having a wonderful day out shopping and then driving into something unreal because at this point in my life I did not believe in UFO's. I was 18 years old then and never told anyone this story until 2004. I told a friend at work because she had a UFO story that she said happened to her. I told her (Lynn) that I never told anyone this story in fear of someone claiming I was crazy. I think it's hard for people to believe unless they see it themselves and I was definitely that person. Anyways, I got my car to start and I took off as fast as I could all the while this cloud, fog was blinding me from seeing the road. I thought I was going to wreck getting away from the area. But I was scared to death and did not want to be apart of what I was witnessing. I remember driving and really excited that I got out of that and wanting to tell my parents what just occurred. Also, knowing without a doubt I'd see it in the news soon. Thinking it may be on the news right then. A few moments later after this, that's when I lost my memory. This whole incident didn't even occur, not in my memory. I got home and never told my parents, never told anyone because I didn't even remember that it occurred. Until one day in 2004, my friend starts telling me what happened to her and then my memory of what happened comes back. For the longest time I want to tell myself that it was all a dream but my gut knows it wasn't, it was real. I never remember any dreams that I have but I do remember nightmares. This wasn't a nightmare that I woke up from. This was while I was driving in the daylight . I remember the approximate time because I was working and had to get back in time. I remember the car radio went to static just before my car swerved over on it's own. I'm a reliable witness. My father is a minister and I've worked in corrections. I don't want my name out there for anyone to know because one it's still crazy to me that this actually occurred but it did. I'm not looking for fame or anything. All I want is to put my story out there for anyone who investigates and hope that whatever is out there is not going to hurt us. I'm amazed that they have control of vehicles here and they can alter your memory. I'm amazed that I'm even writing my story but I think God led me to tell it.
