{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-06 04:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118541","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3681,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5284872.json","updb_database_id":5284872}
This vehicle was ejected from a larger boomerang shaped craft.

I have reported this very same object back on August 1st. in a different sighting. This time the vehicle appeared to be ejected from a boomerang craft and was not cloaked in a translucent field shaped like a tic tac. 

I can see the craft clearly. It was dull metallic grey, round edges like stone, and a rectangular shaped body. That was larger in the front and slimmer toward the tail end. It had two larger crab like landing legs underneath toward the front. 

The boomerang craft was in a translucent cloaked field that flickered and caught my attention first as I exited my vehicle at my job site. I initially just tried to ignore it and grab my coat out of the trunk. It was a cooler morning that day. I noticed the bright six lights above the hub building where we park our work trucks. I put my coat on and started reaching for my phone in my pocket. I noticed that the boomerang seemed to be facing west toward my position. Suddenly, the smaller craft appeared and was hoovering slowly around the front top side as if it was ejected from the larger craft I took a picture just then. My flash was on and I took a burst of images. The smaller craft began to ascend rapidly and the larger craft started to rotate the front side toward the north, counter clock wise. I took another picture and with the flash this time no burst, it seemed to get the smaller crafts attention. The smaller craft started to slowly descend and hoover. I started to feel extremely nervous and warm. My necklace, earing's, and hand ring started to pull away from my body with resistance. I blinked and braced my-self, the boomerang craft was gone. The smaller craft flickered a field on, off, and on again then shot straight up in the sky faster then the speed of light. I lost track of time for exactly fifty five minutes. I still do not remember my morning safety meeting or truck inspection from that morning after the incident. I just remember leaving the hub and starting the days route.  

Thank you for your time

[name removed]
