{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-30 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4171,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5287872.json","updb_database_id":5287872}
Red-orange craft at extremely low altitude moved slowly and with impossible movements until it hovered above us, then shot into the atmosphere.

My friend and I were at his house in North Haven, CT hanging out in the front yard when we saw a bright object behaving strangely. The object was red-orange like a fireball but the edges of it were blurry, even though it was extremely close. It was at an extremely low altitude. It moved very slowly, but then would change its altitude and direction almost instantly. 

It then moved slowly towards us and we began to really see this object. It couldn’t have been more than 75 feet above us. The best I could describe it was as a red-orange lunar lander. It was a fireball dome looking craft but had 4 legs or appendages coming from the craft. The edges of the craft were very blurry which I thought was strange because of how close it was to us. It was very bright and emitted light. It danced around the neighborhood for 5 minutes as we watched it.

It moved very slowly toward us as we looked up at it from the front yard. It was daylight on a summer day so the craft was very easy to see. As it moved towards us it began to bob and change altitude never going higher than 300 feet and only for a fraction of a second. Until it moved directly above us and stopped. It hovered above us for 5 minutes at an altitude of 50-75 feet. It was completely silent moving through the neighborhood but when it was above us I heard a faint humming noise. It was now directly above us and I could see now how large the object was. About the size of a large house. It stayed above us without moving an inch for 5 minutes. I have never felt terror like that. I could not believe what I was seeing and how close it was to me. I honestly thought I was going to be pulled up in a beam of light but luckily that did not happen. I did not feel heat from the UFO but I did feel light. Almost like the way the sun hits you through a window. 

We both stood there in awe looking up at this craft that was directly above us. When suddenly it shot up into the atmosphere at a 45 degree angle. I have never seen something accelerate so quickly. It was like it was shot out of a gun. There was no plume or propulsion sound it just took off silently and at tremendous speed until it disappeared into the atmosphere. There were no clouds so we got a good look at it as raced into the sky. It took less than 5 seconds to disappear into the atmosphere. 

A week or two later I witnessed the same craft on the same street bobbing around the neighborhood. I was in my car so I tried to follow it and get pictures of it and I did. It looked like a fireball on camera and had blurry edges. Just like when I saw it up close. This time it was moving North and when it shot into the atmosphere it went straight up like an elevator into the sky. The way the craft moved and the speed it accelerated at is something I will never forget, but nothing will ever compare to the first encounter. When it was so close it was as though I could touch it and it hovered above me for 5 minutes. The entire first encounter was about 10 minutes and the second one I had by myself was about 3 minutes. 

I haven’t told many people this for fear of ridicule and I didn’t know MUFON existed at the time of my encounter. It is something I will never forget. I was terrified yet in awe of what I was seeing. If I had to guess I would say this craft was not human technology.
