{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-07-15 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485872","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73854","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/872/mufon-5485872.json","updb_database_id":5485872}
I was NE of the city island when I noticed the lights SW.

First of all it is important to say that I had already documented this event with you approximately 10 or so years ago. A friend of mine said that he had seen the same phenomenon. I was in contact with one of your agents and they asked me if I knew anyone else who had experienced it and I told them that my friend did but he did not want to be contacted. MUFON contacted him and he was very annoyed with me so I ceased communication with MUFON as I felt betrayed by you. With that to say, my interest and unpersuadable conviction that intelligent life exists, the event has perpetually haunted me as to what it is I witnessed. A number of years later MUFON had a special documentary on television and mentioned this event which confirmed to me that it occurred. I am looking for detail of what I saw approximately 40 years ago. Although the date and time are definitely clouded, the imagery is as vivid as when I saw it.

That night in question I had taken my red 12 speed Schauff racing bike out for one of my "tour the island" rides. It was customary for me to go for a ride in no specific direction or destination. I would try to lose myself in the city to discover it. Between 20:00 and 21:00hrs I left my house which was essentially situated at the mid-point of the island of Montreal and headed east. About a half hour into the ride I was fairly north east of the island. When I was about at Viau and Jean Talon intersection, I looked over my right shoulder and noticed a bright glow coming from the south west of me, however still in the east of the city.

The geography of Montreal had me slightly elevated to the lighted area. Since Montreal is quite the festival city in the summer I presumed it was one of the less popular festivals in the east of the city. I thought I would go participate in this one as I have never been to a festival in this part of the city, but first I wanted to ride a bit more east before heading over. However the brightness of the light intrigued me because I was wondering who and where in the east of the city would employ such a bright search or spot light. It bother me so much so that I decided to stop my eastern journey and proceed to where I believed the incident was taking place.

I had only one place in mind that I thought it could be and stared heading south to Notre Dame (the longest street in Montreal which runs along the St-Lawrence sea-way in the east.) Once I reached the street I headed back west towards the park I believed the light was emanating from. As I approached that park the light seemed to be further away than I expected, which really stated to bewilder me. I specifically remember thinking how could a light be that bright be so far away? Once I got to the park I rode out to the shores and noticed that the light was as bright but definitely further in the west than made sense. From the curvature of the shore line it seemed to be coming from downtown. I immediately thought how could I see lights emanating downtown from the point of where I first noticed them? This is over 25 km; however it made sense that such lights if they exists would be used downtown. I was still puzzled because I knew there was no festivals that night in Montreal so why was the area so brightly lit up?

I pedaled harder and faster because I was so pumped up on adrenalin and I did not want to miss the festival, but in the back of my mind I was just wondering what technology they were using to emit such a brilliant light.

Since I had concluded that it was coming from downtown, I then presumed it was coming from Place Ville Marie because this was often a festival venue, so I headed directly there. When I got there I rode around but then realized that it was not there but essentially a couple of blocks away to the south over the Chateau Champlain Hotel. I thought this strange because nothing ever happens on their grounds. When I got there which was no more than 60 seconds I looked up and there was that light and steady dull glow in the sky. I rode around the building a few times looking for lights from the ground shinning upward, but there were absolutely none. The light was shining downward to the ground. It covered the entire area and I had no explanation of why. The light was coming from above the building. I just kept looking up and riding around the building trying to figure out what I was seeing. I noticed people passing by periodically and pointing to the sky but not more than that and they seemed not to be too concerned, just puzzled, then continued on their ways.

Approximately after a half hour of studying the light and trying to explain it to myself, I started heading north along Peel street to go home but I kept looking back as I could not explain what I was seeing. The light never moved or changed its intensity. It was like an oval / roundish halo of light which hovered there without sound or motion.

As I got closer to home I noticed that the intensity of the light had diminished some and again I found this strange because my house in relation to downtown was considerably closer, (less than 4 km) than where I had originally noticed it. I could only conclude that the light was now in motion vertically and or horizontally. I have no idea of which direction it seemed to have moved.

Although it would be considered as a mass sighting, I was alone for the entire event.
