{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502159","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56859","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3604,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/159/mufon-5502159.json","updb_database_id":5502159}
{dr}Huge Chrome Sphere over Army Ammunition Plant in 1969

As related to ASD by phone today: 
I was working the night shift in the printer shop at Lake City Army Ammunition Plant in August of 1969. I started work at 12:00 AM and it was very hot, about 110 degrees so we had the fans on. There were seven of us working in this building, which is the second building after the guard shack on the east side of the property. At 3:00 AM all of the electricity at the plant went out so we could not work. The seven of us went outside to sit on the dock and that is when we noticed a strange chrome colored sphere hovering over a building that was four buildings from our position. This object was shining very bright and it was about the width of a small plane. It hovered over that building for a while, then very slowly and silently moved across the road to another building. There is one long main road going through the plant property and this thing moved back and forth, going over each building. There were no emissions and no effects other than the electricity going out. Shortly after we noticed this object we saw a jeep with MP's speeding down the road, then two more jeeps with MP's. They were all driving around like crazy. This went on for two hours, until at approximately 5:00 AM the object suddenly shot up into the air at about a 30 degree angle and into space at an alarming speed - it was literally out of sight in a half a second! Then all of the power came back on. I did not see any other people come out of the buildings, but the docks are in the back so we wouldn't have seen them. The first thing I thought of was "They're back" because I saw a similar object, only disk shaped when I was eight years old while playing with my sister one day. It was also a very shiny chrome color and there was no sound. Everyone thought we were crazy so I never talked about it again. Now there was a guy with us that night at Lake City who mentioned that he saw a round chrome sphere over the dairy farm he was working at a few years prior (1965 or so),and this was off of 7 Highway in Blue Springs not far from Lake City. He was our cameraman at Lake City and was age 60 or so at the time and I believed him. 
The next day when I arrived at work two men came in that we had never seen before. One was wearing a black suit and the other was wearing a dark grey suit. They had no insignia, and showed no I.D.'s to us, and did not tell us who they were. Only one man spoke, and he said "Remember you all have signed a Security Clearance and you did not see anything last night." He was very firm about it. We did not say anything. Then they left. While at work that night the seven of us talked about what we saw and we were all in agreement about the description, however, I did not tell anyone about this event until now. I saw the show about Missouri on the Hangar 1 show and thought I'd call this in to report it. I am 68 years old now and don't think they'll do anything if I talk about what I saw.
