{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-19 11:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510159","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2540,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/159/mufon-5510159.json","updb_database_id":5510159}
{dr}Several small white orbs, one fast-moving dark object

Shortly before 11 AM this morning, I was sitting on my balcony having a cigarette and facing east. It is very clear and sunny, and almost directly at 90 degrees I caught glimpses of several white (perhaps reflective?) star-like objects. They were about the same size as a pinpoint of light. Sometimes they seemed much brighter and slightly bigger, and may have been reflecting the sun.

I observed at least five, separately for about 2-5 seconds each. Those were the most visible ones. Others seemed to have glowing edges and were more difficult to see and I saw perhaps the five-six of those. They seemed to be traveling in the same direction - north to south at a very high rate of speed. One of the very bright ones traveled east to west, right past the sun and became invisible when it stopped reflecting light. I saw that one for about 3-4 seconds. In total, I saw about 10 or more objects for very brief periods of time.

I tried using my camera phone to capture these objects but nothing turns out that I can see, except for a dark object that enters the frame at :19, moving north to south, and disappears within a second. I did not see that when I was filming - I was trying to record the faint pinpoints of light. The dark object seems a bit lower than the lights I saw, at approximately 70 degrees.

I recorded this from my balcony and you can see the sun in the upper right corner of the frame, and part of my neighbors balcony above me. I live near OHare, and saw commercial air traffic before and after this incident. I did note that the jets left contrails, but the objects I saw did not. The objects were completely silent.

This was the first time I have seen these lights during the day. I have seen them before at night in the same area, same place in the sky.
