{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495159","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64286","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3160,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/159/mufon-5495159.json","updb_database_id":5495159}
{dr}Sn object came into view, hovered, expelled

I was camping on my new property out in the woods, no electricity, no water, etc its completely off grid and extremely remote.
I'd say around 2:10 am I heard what I thought was a bear eating a bag of chips, I grabbed my pistol and exited tent and realized I had a dead flashlight, then something caught my attention, as I was turning to look I felt static electricity so bad my skin started to itch like crazy and I felt naked like my clothing was light as air or completely being repelled by static. I seriously stsrted to feel drugged because NOTHING was making sny damn sense, I even considered I got bitten by a spider, scorpion and was hallucinating. I started calming down and realized that there is something big in the sky coming in my direction, I became terrified as I realize its dead quite and has this static sound, but not just static, it sounded like serious high voltage static. The "craft" was BLACK like negative energy, a black hole kind of dark. It came at my direction in a curved path from the NE mostly from north then slowed down with a faint glow it looked dark purple and I could see a greenish blue area from time to time. I had to remember to breathe and shske my head because I was in total confusion of what I was seeing. It came within a mile or so and stopped above the tree line it seemed to hover and cicle around an area for about five minutes or more or it seemed. It glowed a little bright then it launched, dropped things into the woods, they completely reminded me of the time I held burning plastic and the melting drops that were on fire as they fell. My mouthed dropped as the fuzzy glowing orbs starting falling from the main ship. No idea what they were but I got scared as never before , I thought what if it launched ground troops and they are heading my way. Sudden terror hit me I was wondering how fast I could get my van and me out of there. And more dropping balls fell this time I could see perfectly and they were slightly different sizes, I had this thought that just maybe its going to crash and having serious troubles. At mid thought it went completely black and started to crackle witn static then took off with a deep rumbly vibration that seemed to encapsulate everything into s dreamy surreal feeling, it was gone and I couldn't comprehend what happened, still cant believe it
The next day I was tempted to see where it hovered but no thanks. 
Has anyone else seen this kind of craft? It was flat near as I could see, it was rectangular but witb a curved nose.
