{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-10 17:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286159","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117230","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/159/mufon-5286159.json","updb_database_id":5286159}
Cigar shaped ship with white lights

I was flying a radio controlled airplane when I first saw the object in line to where my airplane was flying. I quickly landed my airplane and watched a chrome, cigar shaped UAP moving very slowly from the southern sky to the northern sky about 35 degrees in elevation facing East. It appeared to move in a straight line and constant altitude estimated to be 1/2 to one mile away at approximately 10 to 15 thousand feet. It was big. I know that aircraft do not fly that slow or silent. After about 1 minute it seemed to emit a very bright light that then split into two bright, constant lights for approximately 15 seconds. The lights then stopped shining. The lights were white . The lights were so bright that they obscured the outline of the UAP. After the lights turned off the shape of the aircraft was plainly visible again. It must have been very large based on the distance it seemed to be. Eventually it disappeared behind a tree line but since the park I was flying in is basically a bowl, I assumed it continued its same flight characteristics. I picked up my model plane and took off again. After flying less then one minute, either an identical UAP or the same UAP was seen again, flying again from south to north at the same altitude, degree of elevation, distance and speed as the first UAP I saw. Again I saw the same lights at the same point that I had seen on the first sighting. Again I landed my model airplane and watched it moving at the same rate of speed and identical flight path. It was as if I was seeing the exact same UAP a second time in the exact same way as I had seen it the first time. The sky was clear. There are no airline flights seen where I live, a small, rural town in southern Minnesota. This UAP(s) was silent, big, chrome, and very slow moving. There were no other people at the park that I was flying at. It was so slow though anyone in town looking up in the same direction would have to have seen it. The second time I saw it it disappeared behind the same point in the tree line from where I was standing. I can’t explain how clearly I saw it. It was so obvious. I regret that I did not have a camera to film it as I do not even bring my cell phone while flying model airplanes.
