{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511159","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47214","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11373,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/159/mufon-5511159.json","updb_database_id":5511159}
'shooting star' look that turned to sudden sharp angle direction changes then ascended and chased us in a car

It was early summer in The Pas, Manitoba when my (soon to be) brother-in-law and I were playing basketball late one night in July of 1993 at the high school in town at between 1 and 2 in the morning. At first we seen what we thought were shooting stars. As we looked more we seen that these 'shooting stars' (or asteroids) were streaking across the sky in all directions (up, down, sideways, all various angles of ascent and descent too). Then we noticed one shoot down at an angle and then make a sharp angle turn in a fraction of a second. At this point we knew these were not 'shooting stars'! WHAT were they though??? All we could tell is that they were white lights streaking across the sky in the eastern sky front from lower horizon level up to about '11 o'clock' - almost straight above us but not quite.

So we got the idea to shine our lights up at the sky at it and flash them on and off, high beams on and off - varying the pattern of flashing. We also drove the car onto a small inclined hill in the nearby park to do this. When we did (and the more we did it) the more active these 'shooting stars' became. It was like we were communicating with them through the varied flashing of our head lights on the car - Because, as we flashed our lights they began to 'dance' across the sky more rapidly, more frequently and with more sharp angle instantaneous turns. They even began to make 'zig-zag' patterns across the eastern part of the sky. 

We were enthralled and excited as to what this could be. So we came up with the idea to go out of town, find another hill and, again, flash our lights at the sky in the darkness to see if we could lure one down! So we went north of town down a reserve road to the east - on the north side of the Saskatchewan River (The Pas being south of the river). So we found a short road leading up into a cemetery that had an incline enough to shine our lights up into the sky. 

As we flashed our lights at first nothing happened. We tried for a few minutes and were about to give up when I told Joe, my brother-in-law who was driving the car, to try one more time. Sure enough, when he flashed the lights again we seen one light streak across the eastern sky from the south east to the north east approximately. Then it stopped low on the horizon, just above the tree line to the north east about 2 or 3 miles away. The light then started to grow larger. We realized it was coming towards us! We had definitely managed to lure one of these lights down to us!! As it got closer (and very quickly!) we began to panic in fear. We hadn't really believed we would actually 'lure' one down! (I don't know if we really knew what we were going to expect). We were so afraid at this point both of us became speechless. But Joe 'slammed' the car in reverse back down the road on the hill to the cemetery to get back on the gravel road back to town. 

By the time we reached the road the light from this UFO was right in front of us - extremely bright and blinding! Joe spun the car around quickly and spun the tires to take off as fast as he could. It continued right behind us shining this very bright light into the rear windows of the car now. The light was so bright that even when we lowered all the mirrors it was still blinding. To turn around and look at it was way too bright to do so. It hurt the eyes it was so bright! 

No matter how fast we went it kept to the exact speed as us - not getting any further behind or gaining on us. Mind you it was right 'on our bumper' from the moment we started heading back down the road to town after exiting the cemetery road. And Joe had the car going as fast as it could go/as he could handle it on the gravel in the dark. But then, after about a mile, it did speed up a little and began to pass us. But it didn't pass right by us. It just kept pace with us again right beside us on the driver side of the car now. This is where it got really strange for us. 

First of all, we were both still speechless (literally). Every time we tried to talk we couldn't! Perhaps it was just because of so much fear. Especially when it was travelling along side us we became even more in shock and fear. At this point it was no longer just a (very) bright white light shining at us. There were many different coloured (colored) lights flashing in a circular motion to give the appearance that it was spinning. These coloured lights changed 'spinning' through the sequence of the spectrum (like a rainbow shining from the lighter yellows through to the oranges, reds, greens, blues, turquoise etc right up to black for a moment and then right back to the bright bright white light - every colour and shade of the spectrum it would go through in order, then start over again: bright white, yellows, orange and the darker colours, then a quick nano second of blackness then the bright white again).. This sequence of lights changing colours white through all the colours to black and then white again only took a total of about 1 or 2 seconds. It repeated this sequence many many times - too many to remember. 

Anyways, as this was happening we were still racing down the road - speechless. I wanted to tell Joe to slam on the brakes seeing as we couldn't out run it. But not a word or sound could I utter. I thought that maybe if we stopped suddenly it would just fly on by us and leave us behind. Although I couldn't speak somehow my thought to hit the brakes got through to Joe like he read my mind. In fact it seemed like we had telepathic abilities at this time to understand each other's thoughts so that speech wasn't even necessary! So Joe slammed the brakes suddenly and came to a quick stop. We expected this UFO to just keep going on by us - or were hoping. But it didn't! In fact the exact precise moment we came to a stop it did too!! It stopped next to us no different then your shadow would stop when you stop - instantaneously.

At this point we lost track of time. It was like we were in some sort of trance with this thing hovering right beside us with it's ever changing coloured lights spinning around hypnotizing us! At this point we were both just staring into the changing coloured lights unable to move, unable to speak, unable to look away! We had tried to get it's attention. Now that we had it this UFO wouldn't let us take our attention away from it! It seemed almost like time stopped, all thought stopped. All there was was this object beside us gripping our focus upon it, locking our eyes so that they were transfixed upon the colourful lights. Like I said we couldn't tell how much time had passed. But I managed to 'snap myself to' finally just as Joe was coming to as well. We were still in a trance like state though and still reading each others minds as we agreed that we better start driving again. 

This time, as we started to drive away. The UFO didn't start moving with us. It waited a few seconds and then began to follow us a little further behind than when it was first following right behind 'on our bumper'. So we kept driving back to the highway leading back into town with this UFO still behind us about 30 to 40 feet or so. As we turned on the highway south back into The Pas it did not take the highway with us. It went down the railway tracks leading to the railway bridge (on the east side of the highway bridge). We both thought this was interesting and we relayed those thoughts to each other. 

Then another extremely strange thing happened. As we drove towards the highway bridge and the UFO flew towards the railway bridge we expected that the UFO would either a) fly between the bridges or b) fly on the other side of the railway bridge because it was probably just a little too large to fly on the bridge itself down the tracks. But to yet another surprise it did neither. It managed to fly right down the tracks but it appeared to be flying right THROUGH the solid steel of the bridge from one end to the other!!! 

All Joe and I could do to 'talk' was drop our jaws in amazement at everything that was transpiring before our eyes - unable to believe that we were both witnessing this together, unable to make a sound, unable to believe our eyes! We couldn't both be hallucinating we thought to each other.. Then as we got to the other side of the bridge as did the UFO (or, more specifically, orb I later figured it out to be to have properties to be able to fly through objects - IE: the railway bridge) this orb streaked off into the south eastern sky and was out of sight in about a second. It went from an 'object' of about 15 feet across/along (as it was 'circular/disc like') when beside us to a pinpoint of light as it shot off up into the sky and then POOF! It was gone.

It took us about half an hour before we could speak again. We just drove in silence all the way through town to the south end now, still reading each others thoughts not knowing what to do next. We fleeted thoughts back and forth about trying this again on the south side of town - to see if we could 'catch' anymore! I'm not sure why we considered this after the fright of our lives just having happened. Perhaps it was the thrill or the heightening curiosity as to what we had just discovered. But we both agreed finally that we were too afraid to try that again as we were exiting town to the south into the darkness again. So Joe turned around again and headed back into town and we went home.

But the story isn't quite over yet.. We told our friends and family the next day, who thought we were crazy or 'on something'. So we arranged for a supper together with the family that next day to try to convince them that we weren't making this up or hallucinating or 'on something'. We were truthfully both sober. And I'm pretty sure it isn't possible for two people to hallucinate the exact same thing. Anyways we weren't making much progress convincing them until the 6 o'clock news came on. And guess what! There were actually several others who had reported various coloured lights in the eastern sky that night in The Pas area, including lights that streaked across the sky at incredible speeds, instantly making sharp angle turns! So were all of these ones hallucinating too??

For further proof we phoned the local airports (one north and one east of town) to see if there happened to be any planes or helicopters flying at that time over town or even anywhere around The Pas at that time. There were none. Our family didn't know what to say then! But I sure can say a lot about it. And to this day, 20 years later, the event made such an impact on my mind (and soul maybe too) that I can remember it as if it were yesterday!
