{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-13 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507159","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51555","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3910,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/159/mufon-5507159.json","updb_database_id":5507159}
{nd} 15 sec time exposures of ISS crossing sky.. 3 of the 4 photos showed objects I did not see with naked eye.

I live on the north edge of Adrian, Michigan, USA. Went outside last night with my camera and tripod to try to capture at least part of the path of the International Space Station as it traversed 40 degrees up from the horizon, from WNW to NE. Id watched it two nights earlier, when it was 81 degrees up, but was not able to really capture it with my camera that night, and realized I was zooming in too much, and hadnt gotten out there early enough to do justice to the camera settings, and kind of figured out what Id need to do to get some better shots if I could try again. That was Friday night, 10/11/13.
 Sunday night, I knew from the NASA website that the Station would be visible at 7:45 PM in the location and direction described above. I have a Canon SX50 HS camera, with a maximum time exposure shutter speed of 15 seconds. At 15 seconds, I can get stars, and my hope was to get stars, and to photograph the Station as a line of light across the sky. I didn't zoom in much, because I wanted to make sure to include the whole path of the Station during each 15 second exposure. It worked pretty well, though I could have zoomed in a little more, and will do so if I get a next time opportunity. 
 I took four photos. And did get the Stations path for the full 15 seconds in each of the four shots, rotating the camera from WNW to NE a bit for each shot. It was nice. I DID NOT SEE ANY UNUSUAL LIGHTS IN THE SKY WITH MY NAKED EYE AS I TOOK THESE PHOTOS, AND NEITHER DID MY WIFE OR OUR NEIGHBOR.
 The LED or LCD viewing screen on my camera isnt real big, though I can zoom in when viewing it, and I was able to see that I did get the line of light of the Stations path during the exposure. In the first two photos (WNW and NW), I noticed another light in the sky (in the photo) that I hadnt seen with my eyes, or in the screen viewfinder. And in the 4th photo (more NE) I noticed orbs near the power line tower. When I uploaded the photos to my laptop, and could crop and enlarge them, I was amazed to see that yellow-green light/shape in the first two photos. Overlapping the path of the Station in the first photo, then obviously in the second shot, it hadnt moved like the Station had. It was still in the same place, same shape, etc. Then I saw the orbs in the 4th photo. Theres a string of power lines immediately north of the apartment building we live in. One orb was pretty bright... the one by the tower, and there was at least one other orb, in the lower left of the photo. Ive photographed orbs before, but never that big.
 I post a lot of nature and moon photos on facebook, and someone suggested I sent these to you. Im sending you the uncropped, original photos. I figure you can zoom in on them as you please. Id be glad to send you the cropped ones, but doubt that will be needed.
