{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-05-17 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512159","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3220,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/159/mufon-5512159.json","updb_database_id":5512159}
(GS) Pulled to stop sign, saw this object hovering. Tried to memorize its shape then was told to forget what I saw and it slowly faded invisable like a cloaking.

We normally go to Salem on Sunday morning. It was either the 17th or the 24th. We decided to return home which was not what we normally do, but had to get something from the house in Woodburn. We were heading North on I-5, and exited on the Brooks Exit #293. Pulled to the stop sigh and normally I just roll through while looking left. This time I just stopped and stared at the the (rough looking) double stacked plate disk with louvers on top and no landing gear. I told myself to get a good description of it, then by the time I had stared at it for less than a minute it cloaked. It looked just like a blink of an eye; only my eye did not blink. As it was cloaking I received a telepathic message that I saw nothing unusual, see the cows, and the irrigation equipment and the buildings in the background, the green grass; my attention was purposely redirected to other things instead of what I just saw. It was not until I was asked directly if I had ever seen a UFO, that I reviewed the scene and not only did I review the scene mentally. As I was recalling the event this evening (3/13/2013) I recalled that my first question (mentally to myself) was what is that?. The answer came immediately that "it" is a military craft and was not a science craft. It looked the part, kind of rusty and kind of "tired" looking like an old piece of equipment. It was hovering above some (Black Angus?) cattle that are normally in that field. The craft never moved, it just cloaked and told me to go home and keep this to yourself. I don't think I even mentioned it to Kathy; surely she must have noticed a delay as I sat and looked at this thing, but I don't recall if I actually spoke anything to her as I was being spoken to myself and as I think back on this there may have been a time slot missing. (45 seconds or so?) I did stare at it and there was a constant stream of thought going on as I describe above. I simply checked left and then turned right and continued toward Brooks (East); we went home and I don't think I even mentioned it to Kathy until this evening. I guess I am used to doing what Im told to do? wow. I do 3D CAD for a living, so I made a rough model of it and tried to shade it like it appeared to me from memory. Now I wish I had done this in 2009. I don't think Kathy can be regarded a witness. We never actually spoke about it.
