{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547159","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3026,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/159/mufon-5547159.json","updb_database_id":5547159}
Bright star in the early evening sky turned into a 4 point diamond shape, then a 4 point square and then disappeared

My 2 year old son saw it first and pointed it out. He said "Star daddy" as my back was toward it.It was pretty high in the eastern sky,almost directly above us. I thought it was too bright out to be a star, but I convinced myself it had to be a star. I am certainly not an expert on the heavens,what do I know,so a star it must be. I sat my son on my lap and we looked up at it and I did the "Star Light,Star Bright" rhyme with him and we made a wish. I kept glancing up at it and it just didn't seem right. So I went in and got binoculars. What I saw was a strange backward C shape, but I am still putting that off as a misfocus of the binoculars. At this point I was still going with the 1st star of the evening. It was unmistakably the brightest thing in that part of the sky and no other stars were visible. So I would glance up a few times while I was playing with my son. Then the star grew dimmer, so I grabbed the Binoculars and looked again. This time there were 3 more dimmer dots along with a still brighter star/dot that was now 50% dimmer than before. These 4 lighted points made an elongated diamond shape. I never saw where they came from or when they showed up. At this moment I am still trying to convincing myself that this was just a star pattern showing up as the sun was going down. But it was still so bright in the light blue early evening sky,and there were still no other stars to be found at that time. But I continued to rationalize it off as stars. I didn't want to jump to any conclusions. I had no reason to at this point, but now I was going to watch more intently. As I watched through binoculars, the dots/points began moving and formed into the four points of a square. Once I saw the movement,I immediately put the binoculars down and called over my neighbor who was outside doing yard work. I wanted a witness! In a matter of that second of putting the binoculars down, and calling out to my neighbor,then raising the binoculars back up again, IT WAS GONE! The same point of light that was so bright that my 2 year old originally brought to my intention, 
WAS GONE! The brightest point/s of light in the sky just completely vanished. No clouds in that part of the sky, just gone. What I saw, who knows, I'm not drawing any final conclusions, but it was Amazing.
Weird stuff!
