{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-06 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113094","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3430,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5290255.json","updb_database_id":5290255}
Boeing 747 hovered 15min

I was headed home from doctors appointment when I glanced out the car window and saw a huge white mostly white with purple straps on front and back of boeing 747 with landing gear down just like it was paused in time like a matrix glitch. Too make sure I had my friend pull over and we watched it remain motionless. It freaked me out it literally looked like it was it suspended animation. I tried to get my phone out to capture video proof when I felt like someone shot this invisible heat I dunno what to call it but it gave me a headache, and made me forget how to use my phone. I have witness to this. This blew my mind I wish you all could have seen it it was terrifying yet inspiring. I don't know why but we started driving back to my place again when I saw a huge army cargo plane shortly after the 747 and I thought that made it even stranger. I literally really freaked out when this army plane huge army plane go straight and make a sharp right towards the area I saw the 747. But than the army cargo plane just froze and just sat there and I'm like freaking out saying driver u saw that what the hell is going on. I was really scared and disturbed at what I saw because it defies all the laws of physics. I have never ever ever seen a huge plane just sit there motionless f or 25 minutes. I'll take a lie detector test to just to prove what I saw. It was like someone internet lagged and the airplane lost connection it was just frozen in time. Something weird is going on but no scientist will tell me what I saw didn't happen the way I saw it no science can explain this. I'm concerned if these people on the plane were victims of alien abduction but don't know it. The weirdest thing is after I left the area my headache was gone. Something isn't right and our government is hiding stuff from us, and I believe there is something going on. I have witness. I even went home and called my wife at her work because it really freaked me out. People what I saw yesterday was real. This blew my mind more than anything I ever have seen. I have seen planes land before many times but yesterday what I saw was a frozen plane just sitting there in the same spot for 15 mins the timing was 12 noon so I really think that is odd too. Watch the skies and let me know if you see it too. Purple and white boeing 747. Purple on cockpit and purple on tail. People this shocked me to my core and it actually scared the crap out of me. Oh I went online after to see if anyone else has seen it apparently several people just not as long as I did. This is the same plane that someone else saw do this too. [link moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] I found this after looking up can boeing 747 hover. So its impossible for it to do that. The radar tower should be able to say if object stayed still.
