{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78768","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4084,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5481255.json","updb_database_id":5481255}
{cak} Mantis Abduction Rising Star TX

I WAS 5

(1970) My parents were Southwest Baptist, didn't drink and we seldom had company. This night they were having a party. A hallway lead from the living room to the bedrooms and bath. Mom and dads was the master bedroom at the end of the hall with it's own bath. Mom wanted to put me in their bed so I would be farther away from the noise and be able to fall asleep. They were stringent about bed times. Being five I had conquered the art of pretending to fall asleep."They were having a party!" I wanted to see what the grown ups did for fun. I couldn't wait to sneak down the hall and scramble behind the couch. 

When mom placed me in their bed the first thing I noticed was the bed was enormous, it was a queen and I slept in a twin. It was the size of a pasture. Mom kissed me and tucked me in then left right away. I didn't even have time to pretend to fall asleep for her to leave. Now I had to guess how long I needed to wait for them to forget about me and sneak my way down the hall to get a glimpse of all the action. She came right back, 'Crap.'

That wasn't her? It was somebody else and it was wearing a hoodie? I actually wouldn't know what a hoodie was for a couple more years but anyway. When the figure stepped through the threshold of the door they raised their left hand. It wasn't a hoodie, it was the grim reaper. A five foot tall insect wearing a black hood and cape with a large head and long thin fingers. I shuffled backwards away from him up the bed to the pillows. He took two steps and was right next to me. His arms reached out in an insect way, wavering back forth. I pulled the sheets as hard as I could over my head. The fear was the most intense I've ever felt in my life. He touched my forehead. I know what I saw and I would be 15 before I convinced myself it wasn't real. I forgot everything after that till the next day. 35 years later I discovered the truth. I was blacked out and abducted by a large insect.

I had a photographic memory growing up.

(1973) My dad was going to sell the ranch and begin a career of costume harvesting. He was meeting his new partner in this venture whom had a son one year older than me. We'd been friends for that whole day and where playing outside as it began to get dark.

We we're playing chase in Brads backyard when Brad chased me up a cherry tree. My only route of escape was to climb. Brad was on my heels when I stopped because of what I saw. A red orb was flying in the sky. It was as big as a house and was playing like a firefly in the sky. Shortly we began to believe it was playing with us, it seemed to go where we wanted. It seemed to be a living entity. Then suddenly it shot away towards the eastern horizon then back again. It left towards the North accelerating at a 45 degree angle at over 10,000 miles an hour or more.

That's when a giant Roman candle appeared in the sky to our right, or south. A white ball of light bleeding red, blue and green, Then another in line being just above it, then another. Then we could see the tiny parachute that held the first one. Then another to the North and then we could see the silhouette of a military aircraft. A C-130. Then we both realized the last flare had gone off directly over my parents ranch.

We turned and bolted towards the house only to meet our dads coming out the front door. They didn't have time to talk to us because my dads horses had jumped the fence and were in the highway.
