{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-10-15 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109388","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2251,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5452255.json","updb_database_id":5452255}
two orbs spotted one orange, one white, the white one interacted with me

While walking home from a friends house. On a crisp cool fall night at approximately 19;30 Hrs. I looked up while walking and witnessed an orange star in the sky directly above, It appeared as a star in the sky much like Venus or something. it seemed to follow directly overhead but I wasn't afraid figuring it was an illusion for me walking. As I turned from South street to Highland avenue. I could see a white orb on the adjacent road Anne street . I assumed it was a plane I stopped to watch and could hear no noise or see any shape it started to come towards me I thought it was a helicopter moving but could still hear no noise. I started to walk backwords to keep my eye on it. I realized it moved slowly and was circling behind me i then started to panic and reached my neighbors home. Their cars were home I started to bang on the door and scream for help they never came to the door. as I was banging on the door the orb was approx. 50 feet away 40 foot high I could know hear a hum and feel the heat on my face. I then panicked again and ran to my home yelling for my parents. as my parents came to top of the stairs on the road the orb sped away keeping the same distance traveling south along highland avenue as my parents reached the top of the stairs they it was just out of site. My father yelled at me for being 2 hours late. The walk only normally would take approximately 20 minutes the time was know 21:30 Hours. i remained outside for a few minutes as my parents went back in the house. I looked up and saw the orange orb and this time it shot directly above my head.
