{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-15 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119168","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2652,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5284255.json","updb_database_id":5284255}
Oval shape UFO had different color lights around the middle of the craft and it was hovering and spinning slowly behind a high school.

It was a summer evening the sun was already setting there was heavy traffic I was doing security outside a large residential building and I was stationed at a booth that looked from SE all the way to NW. I decided to step out my booth for some air when I decided to look SE of where I was and I noticed something huge hovering at the corner of my eye. When I looked I was in disbelief cause I noticed a dark oval shaped UFO hovering behind a high school which is next to a huge electrical company facility called Con Edison. I noticed that around the middle of the craft there was pulsing lights in different colors. The UFO was spinning but very slow and steady there was no noise at all. I grabbed my radio to try and reach the other security officer that was stationed closer to the high school. I asked him to look behind the high school which is across the street from his booth. He then stated he couldn’t see anything cause there was tress covering his line of sight going towards the high school so I went over the air and asked all the other officers to see if they could get a visual of anything towards that direction. No one could see anything cause they had been to far. When I rushed back to my booth to grab my cell phone to snap a picture I looked up to make sure it was there which it was then when I looked down to set my phone to camera mode and held it up to my face it was gone. It just vanished no noise rumble anything it was just gone. I called my mother to explain it to her cause I know I wasn’t seeing things and she understood cause I’ve seen a UFO before so after we hung up. When my shift ended I was able to to sit down with other security officers and everyone laughed about what had happen earlier but I wasn’t laughing I knew what I seen after that I’ve only told my mom my wife and kids but nobody else until I seen a show on Netflix called MUFON. So I had to reach out to you guys.
