{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-06 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66263","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5493255.json","updb_database_id":5493255}
{nd} 4 glowing lights in a straight flight path, spaced out evenly, flitterred and disappeared

Saturday, 06-06-15, some time around 11:30 and midnight, me and my brother in-law were standing in his garage discussing business. I noticed a star off on the horizon, it was the same size or bigger than the star next to it, but the color was more reddish orange. As I stared at it I noticed it was moving. I followed it across the sky, gaining altitude from my perspective, as it got closer I was expecting to see the flashing lights of an aircraft, I continued watching looking for lights, at this point the light was nearing 90 degrees to the horizon and my brother in-law curious as to what I was looking at, looked up at the last second to see it flash and then disappear. He asked what it was and I had no answer. As I started to tell him where I had first noticed the light there was a second one in it's place. Same size, same color, same flight path, same speed, as it got closer and higher in the sky you definitely could make out the color changing between a yellowish-orange to orange to reddish-orange to red, and back and forth and again. Then at it's highest point above our heads it flashed, dimmed and gone. This time my brother in-law said, that's no plane. Amazingly as I looked back at where these lights came from, a third!! As the third one worked it's way across the sky I panned the rest of the sky and pointed out 2 planes in the area, you could definitely make out the flashing white light on one of the planes and the flashing red and green lights of the other. Looking back at the third light it was nearing the point were the other 2 had disappeared, again, it flashed, dimmed and disappeared. As we marveled at what they could have been I blurted out, there's f-ing four of them. Same spot, same thing, same flight, same disappearing act. There was no fragmenting of these objects, like something burning up in the atmosphere. They stayed consistly the same, no changes, other than color, no flashes, no sparks, no flare ups, nothing normal. The lights came from an easterly direction, heading west, slowly. From a point about 10 degrees off horizon to 90 degrees over head, to just past 90 degrees took probably 60-70 seconds.
