{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-01 17:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68316","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5491255.json","updb_database_id":5491255}
silent straight path of ufo followed by usaf fighter jet shortly after sighting.

I was living in Guam in 2012. I was relaxing laying in the bed of my truck staring into the sky. I was shocked yet again to see another ufo. It appeared small but it's hard to tell size when there is nothing to reference. It was a silver reflective orb that was completely silent which made me feel uneasy. Considering that all aircraft i know make sound and the military heavily on guam so i would know. This time the craft made no sound. Moved in a straight line to the south of the island. I have watched ufo hunters and read many cases where the military chases ufos after they make an appearance. I couldn't help but piece what i have seen together. I can't remember if it was an f18 or f16 jet that followed same path at a much faster speed that seemed it intent on intercept. I noticed that later that night the news said that there was a weather balloon going from north to south. Now we all should know better that this aint roswell and that weather balloon do not fly horizontally. I felt disgust with the media covering up a good sighting. I also on a later occasion almost crapped my pants when i saw my first b2 spirit bomber fly at treetop level above my house. I thought it was yet again another ufo but no just the military flying reverse engineered ufo planes. The on guam me and my uncle witnessed a star move to the moon. That was the most epic event i have ever seen in my life. This have me chills that a star sized object stationary. Suddenly moves to another star right under the moon. Im sorry yes it went to another star not the moon, under the moon. We both looked at each other in shock. My uncle was quick to put it under lock n key. Im not that conformist though. I hope this has been helpful even though it is sightings in one report. Also note that i cannot remember exact date, just the year.
