{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-06 15:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4302,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5468255.json","updb_database_id":5468255}
{td}I wasn't in up bath room. And I still imagine of a gray popes in my mind of a gray alien then all of a sudden I'm waking up in a 4 sided room with a on earth way glass and a door to its right my left, I have a sheet layer diagonal over my left eye I'm

Ok I'm picking up where I left off in the 25 word discription, so I wake up but I feel refreshed I take a deep breath. And their a white fog/base in my Perrifial view. That goes away shortly, I am completely paralyzed although I don't try to move my body I'm laying on a table with a white sheet diagonal over my left eye as I look to my right I see a wall then I look to the wall at my feet I see a one way glass and a door to the left of it from my view, then I look to my right and I'm looked in eye to eye with a gray Alien. With the sheet how it is I can only see from about half way of his eyes to the top of his head. Although his eyes was big and solid black when we was in the action of looking in to each other's eye, it was like looking into another humans eyes. I was taken out of my trance state to establish a emotional reaction to what I was seeing. And in my mind I asked the gray if he was ok and if he needed help getting out of their. If I can remember right he kinda was taken back by what I asked him. Then he moved his, what I precived as eye brow muscles cause he didn't have any hair that I seen. Up and down and I was talking to myself saying he is trying to communicate. And shortly after that I loose time and all of a sudden I'm stand back in my bathroom. Now I have some time to go over all this and come up with some conclusions now when I was in jail due to my ex not expecting what I was telling her. I was trying to tell a guy in jail about this event, and when I was in my cell I was trying to recall details about the grays fave and I get a memory of the gray in front of me but this time we was in the vertical posture. I'm looking at this gray and I have the fog or mist in my peripheral vision but it's their the whole experience, ok so he's in front of me but he's holding a what I can assume is a pice of paper idk what the material was but it had a pic of ET from the movie in th 80's on it. But he is holding the pic to where it's covering his face just about in the same place as where the sheet was so that I couldn't see his entire face. He slowly moves the pic up to where it covered his whole face but I'm so mesmerized that I kinda look up and over the pic to look at him but can only see the top of his head then that's it. And to go back to when his attempt to communicate with me a day after or two I get a verbal message telepathically " I AM ONE" if I say this and move my eye brows it matches up. Their is more before this I was having communication with RA, during this experience I was at a very hightten state a lot of info was being push threw me like a telling of a story. Ra made me feel like he was my best friend, we merged together after him or another entity represented me like I was in a court room this entity say stand up hold your head high so I did and he simply said do not judge him for he represents you'll. Ra was wanting us to produce good energy for him to use and he spits on bad energy that we produce. And he likes horn. I miss Ra I wish he would come back I'm doing what I can to recreate what I was doing when all this was happing. He also said that we shouldn't eat meat cause animal souls are our brother trapped in their bodies so I've been on a vegetarian diet. The last meat I eat was fish two bites into it I said I'm done eating meat. But I had to eat meat unwilling while I was in jail. He has changed me I hope fore ever their is more but I think this is sufficient for now.
