{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-31 19:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63152","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5496255.json","updb_database_id":5496255}
{dr}Bright low flying orange light traveling several hundred MPH

On New Years Eve of 2014 at 7:35pm I was going out my back door while carrying my two year old son to take out the trash. The trashcans are located about 15 feet from my back door directly left (90 degrees) from where I exit. As soon as I stepped outside and turned West towards my trashcans, withhout having to look up, just looking forward, I could see this bright orange light flying rather low, seemed like 300-500 feet. The strange thing was the light itself. It was so bright but the color was of a deeper shade of orange, not as light as a pumpkkin, but more aof a reddish orange. The closest comparison I can make is some street lights have a bright orange light, however the crafts was more red. The light seemed to give off two trails of light that were not as bright as the source, but it almost seemed as if the two trails of light were the sides of the UFO, as if the bright light was in front and the two sides were lit, as if a triangle. However, I could not make out anything regarding the shape of the craft due to how brighht the light was. 
I live near Offutt Air Force Base (15 miles), and there are two other airports within 30 miles so I see many types of jets, Sesnas, 737's, etc. This was much lower than any other plane that I have ever seen, and the light was not standard to what I have ever seen in reference to those planes. The bright orange light never blinked, there was no other color of light, I could not decipher any noise at all from the craft, and I could only get a visual of the light for 25-30 seconds, as it flew directly over my neighborhood and then I lost it, due to my backdoor neighbors house blocked it out. For this reason I could estimate the crafts altitude and speed. It had to be traveling over a 200mph without a doubt. I ran through my yard to get the best visuals before it disappeared. There was very little wind, so I could rule out any type of New Years Eve lanterns or anything like that, plus it seemed to stay at the same altitude and speed the entire time, again no noise at all besides some quiet traffic noise from several hundred feet away on a street not that busy. When I went inside, thinking about what I saw and how it doesn't match anything I have ever seen before, about 5-10 minutes later I could hear a helicopter flying over my neighborhood. When I went back outside to inspect the helicopter I could tell by the noise that it was flying in the same direction as the craft headed, but I could never make a visual. I did not get a picture or video of the event, however I would be more than glad to upload pictures of my back yard and superimpose the approximate size, shape, and color of the light onto the where I saw it come and go to make a representation of what I saw if requested. I would have done this already, however pics are proof and I have none. Just wanted to share my experience.
