{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3908,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5523255.json","updb_database_id":5523255}
Blimp or disc shaped object with red flashing lights on top and bottom. Larger than helicopter or plane. Silent.

10/18/11 approximately 6pm central time over northern Lake county, Indiana, south of Lake Michigan, southeast of Chicago. I was driving and turned north on a road in Munster, Indiana (White Oak Ave.) and saw a large object in the sky to the North approx. 35 degrees from the horizon. Object was moving East to West at a moderate pace. For the apparent size of the object it seemed to be moving too fast for a blimp, but too slow for a plane or helicopter. Also, at this size, if it was a helicopter I would think it was close enough to hear and there was absolutely no sound in the sky whatsoever - no helicopter sounds, no airplane sounds. Also, with Midway airport and O'Hare airport in Chicago, I don't know why there would be a blimp flying at night moving east to west when the prevailing jet stream is west to east. There was also severe weather on the way and the weather at that time was also not very conducive to blimp flying. I've seen blimps, and this was moving to steady and fast for a blimp. I would say that the object covered about 20 miles east to west in approximately 2 or 3 minutes, judging from the ground where I first saw it to when I couldn't see it anymore as it went west into the south Chicago suburbs.

Object: Large, dark silver to gun metal gray appearance. Either a cylider, blimp, or disc shape as viewed from the side. I would say viewing distance was 6-8 miles away. Had one large flashing red light on top, and one large flashing red light on bottom, which would alternately flash once each approximately 2 seconds apart from each other. Body of object seemed to be lit in a way that made the top half seem brighter than the bottom half. The red lights were very large and could be seen very clearly. These lights were not positioned horizontally as on a plane or helicopter, but rather on top and bottom of the object. 

With the airports and hospitals in this area we are all very familiar with what planes, helicopters, hot air balloons, etc., of all shapes, sizes, and speeds look and sound like. My first reaction to the look and size of this object was "What the **** is that?!?" It looked very large and ominous in the sky and did not have the flight speed of a plane or helicopter, nor did it have any sound that one would make if it was flying that slow. There was absolutely no aircraft sound whatsoever. Once again, I've seen blimps and it was moving too fast for a blimp, nor would I think it would be flying at that time considering the weather and time of night. 

I was by myself in the vehicle when I saw this, but when I was able to describe this to my girlfriend a couple of hours later, she posted to her Facebook asking if anyone saw anything in the sky that night. Very generic, no description or anything. She quickly recieved a reply from a friend who saw it when he was in the Showplace 16 movie complex parking lot in Schererville, Indiana at the same time I saw it. Without any prompting he described it in the exact same way I did.

With the very high population of Nortwest Indiana/south Chicagoland area, I can't imagine we were the only two who saw this. Even if it wasn't a "UFO" per se, I just want to know what the heck it was.
