{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-15 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76671","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2607,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5483255.json","updb_database_id":5483255}
In dark clouded sky at sunset 'headlights' of something in sky, approx 10 or so at a time PLUS disc shaped object going from one cloud to another

It was a darker cloudy sky that night, just before sunset, many darker grey clouds in the sky.

There were really two phenomenons in this one sighting, one that I have seen before in a sky similar to the one that night, darker clouds. Here and there at sunset in this kind of sky I became aware of what looked like headlights in the dark clouds as if something was looking through high beams to see through the dark clouds. I know this to be a strange phenomenon because the distance between the 'headlights' seemed the same in the pairs of 'headlights' I saw that night and on other occassions in a similar sky as I have said. If the two 'headlights' were different in spaces between them I probably wouldn't have noticed.

Also I noticed that here and there in that sky there were also groups of 3 white bright lights like the 'headlights' but they seemed to form a solid object, triangle. I saw maybe a dozen or more sets of 'headlights' and maybe 3 or 4 triangles.

Both the triangle lights and 'headlight' lights were bright white as headlights would be on earth and white. They didn't move but started to dim here and there and then poof they were gone. Others would appear then dim and out like the others.

For some reason I found myself looking at one point between two very dark clouds that had a lighter grey area inbetween them and all of a sudden I witnessed a white fuzzy edged solid looking disc moving from the dark cloud to the right across the lighter grey area to the dark cloud to the left - a trip that lasted about 5 seconds max. Startled me. It was moving to hide behind a second cloud is what it looked like. It didn't move too quickly, just changing location. It moved on a bit of an angle up, like just under say 45 degrees. I didn't see that disc again that night.

As I said before I have seen these 'headlights' often in this type of sky.
