{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-31 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112081","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3059,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5291255.json","updb_database_id":5291255}
Unlit flyover of unusual craft. Stealth- slow moving large craft

It was a wonderfully bright night. Near full Blue Moon, clear with a slight chill. I set up my telescope to look at the Moon and Mars and I also set up my outdoor lounge chair that allows me to lay back and scan a great deal of the sky with my binoculars. I have a fairly large sky view from my backyard. Once I got my eyes adjusted to the dark, I spent some time on the telescope and then decided to spent awhile just looking around. I like to catch satellites passing by. About 10:15, I was scanning the skies and came across a dark mass. Realizing that was indeed out of the ordinary I scanned back and what I saw, caught my breath. It was a very large, completely unlit, triangle shaped craft moving slowly west. I watched it for what must have been a minute and a half and then lowered my binoculars to determine if I could see it without them. I could not, and when I put the binoculars back to my eyes I couldn't locate the craft.
I called my brother so I could relay the info right away, and I also made a drawing of what I saw while it was fresh in my mind. The rest of that evening and the next morning, I tried to process what I had seen.

It was triangular, but it was not a solid triangle. Instead it was V-shaped. It seemed to be made of large segments. like if it were railroad cars joined together. They were very large. The shape wasn't even. From what I saw there were 5-6 "cars" on the V-side closest to me and only three on the other side. The angle I was viewing made me think of a plane banking to make a turn, but this craft continued straight ahead. Continuing with the airplane correlation, the size of the craft was similar to seeing a commercial jet plane overhead about a mile or so from landing. So this craft was clearly close to Earth, and not up among the stars. It was both eerie and at the same time fascinating to watch. It moved slowly in a straight line West. It was without any light and moved very stealth-like. Because of the bright moon and a good pair of binoculars, I was able to witness this craft. Right place, right time, right equipment, right environment.

I am including a sketch of what I saw, I am not in any way, shape or form, an artist. This is only to give an example of the unusual nature of what I saw, and no way an exact image of what I saw.
