{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549255","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5212","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3964,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/255/mufon-5549255.json","updb_database_id":5549255}
NASA admission of existence of UFO's

I was in the U.S. Air Force in 1971, serving at the 67th ARRS, an Air Rescue squadron based at RAF Woodbridge in the U.K., and one of our primary missions was to provide launch abort recovery for Apollo missions. We had C-130 aircraft that had sophisicated (for the time) tracker systems that could locate the space craft both in space and on the water if they had to land downrange from the Cape.

We would deploy from England to the Ascension Island which is about 500 miles below the equator in the middle of the Atlantic. We would go through extensive preparations, which included having a NASA engineer with us at Woodbridge prior to our deployment. He would monitor all the equipment calibrations and certify to NASA that all was ready. When we landed at the Acension, he would watch once again as we got the aircraft calibrated, before they took off to orbit during the launch period.

I was a radio maintenance guy, and was the one who worked on the tracking system, so the NASA guy and I spent long hours on the flight line as we waited for various things to be accomplished. He had a mission plan in a black three ring binder, (which he gave to me and I still have) which described the various experiments to be done by the crew of the Apollo 14 mission. One was called Gegenschein Photography. It had a very short and not helpful narrative, unlike the rest, which were described in great detail. I asked the NASA guy what that one was about. He said basically that the Gegenschein Line is a theoretical line of zero gravity that exists in space between two bodies, where their gravitational pull is equal. He said that there were several around the earth, which were created by the various planets, moon, sun, etc., which created these areas which he called "stable points". These areas accumulate space debris which generally doesn't move. Rocks and other debris would find their way there and lacking some force to cause them to leave, generally stayed there. He also said that radar and telescopic examination of these stable points had indicated that in some, things seem to come and go. He said the reason for the Gegenschein photography was to take detailed photos of a stable point as the Apollo mission went by it.

I asked him, if the ability to come and go from such a stable point didn't imply that the object was a powered craft. He said that NASA believed that indeed there were powered craft using these stable points as "parking" places. This allowed them to stay in a spot near the earth, without having to expend energy.

I eventually became an Air Force officer in Space Command, working in various sensor systems. I had other experiences which tended to confirm my belief that the U.S. has much more information than has been admitted.

Recently, I saw a show with Buzz Aldrin admitting that while on the Apollo 11 mission, they had seen things they couldn't identify. I really believe that on Apollo 14, they were trying to get more evidence of these objects.

The official NASA website has got detailed summaries of the Apollo missions. You can go to the one for Apollo 14, and the description of the Gegenschein experiment is so brief as to be useless. Kind of odd to me, when compared to the descriptions of the others.

Well, it has been a long time, but I wanted to let someone know.

Thanks.
