{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496857","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62522","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3487,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/857/mufon-5496857.json","updb_database_id":5496857}
{nd} 3 lights, 2 stationary that faded, third curved over city then rose straight up.

I went outside at midnight to ring in the New Year. The air was still, with high thin clouds, few stars, and a waxing moon surrounded by a moonbow. Towards the SE, over the airport, near Kirtland Air Force Base, I noted 3 lights, small but appearing as dots, bigger than stars, the lowest 15 degrees, the other 2 about twice as high. All were round, glowing reddish orange. Did not pay much attention at first as I have often seen planes taking off in that direction in the 17 years living at this address, and could not hear anything due to the noise of fireworks and gunfire.

The largest dot on the left (N of the others) curved in a path over Albuquerque like many aircraft do when taking off. But I first noticed the color of the light was not like that of a plane and there were no running or blinking lights as it turned. It grew brighter and then to my amazement, rose straight up and disappeared -- not continuing W as aircraft normally do. The 2 others, which had not moved, simultaneously faded out.

I've lived in NM virtually my whole life and have seen a lot of weird things in the sky, including high weather balloons glowing after sunset, but never anything that I couldn't explain before now.

The entire event only lasted a minute or two, but I spent much more time looking up afterwards in sheer wonder and joy. However, my delight was dashed a week later. Last night, I found a fresh scoop mark on my left shin. It was an eighth of an inch in diameter, and about that far immediately to the left of scars left by several others. 

No memories of anything odd accompany these marks, but a wound has often appeared there at various times since I was about 8, and it feels like tissue has been removed at least down to the bone. They take a very long time to heal, much longer than other injuries. I'm sure this latest mark was not present when I showered two days previously, and I don't think it was there when I got up for some reason the night before at 3 AM.

I have no memory of banging my leg. And as I am on a blood thinner, even the tiniest scratch bleeds a lot. There were no traces of blood on the leg, my sheets, sock, or the thermal underwear I wear during the day this time of year. I have a strong feeling that its reappearance at this time is not coincidental.

I have included a rendering of my observation of the sky (based on a daylight picture taken this summer), and also a shot of my shin taken just this morning. Brightness and contrast have been altered on the latter to make the scars of previous scoops stand out more.

Hope this helps. Thanks!
