{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526857","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28802","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2604,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/857/mufon-5526857.json","updb_database_id":5526857}
Circular objects over the Snohomish valley

I was at work one day, beautiful day out with puffy clouds but sunny, irregular for WA weather. I am sorry, I cant remember the exact day but it was early in April 2011. The window in my office is quite large and faces north/north east. On occasion, I will look out the window and day dream (check out and de-stress)and I will observe the eagles and birds that fly over the field next to our building. 

It was about noon or so give or take a couple hours, I was looking up at a bird over the field next to us floating in the wind. BUT, off in the distance, in the Snohomish valley I presume, behind the bird, I saw two fairly large circular objects (orbs?) WAY up in the sky! They were just hovering, which I though was very odd for airplane behavior, but they looked like they were either being lit up by the sun or had some type of glow about them. One was on top of the other and they were just floating in the sky fairly close together. 

Now, I know there is an Airport in the valley but these objects I felt were just not your normal run of the mill airplanes. These were NO birds, being that far away they had to be large for me to view them. Anyway, I kept observing them for about 4-5 minutes (total). The lower one was staying stationary and very still as the other one (on top) started to move south towards where I was. The other stationary one disappeared into the clouds as they passed by and I lost view and never saw it again. I observed the object floating towards me for about 3 more minutes and it seemed to just float in a very direct line of sight. Eventually, it disappeared out of my window view. 

I sat there and couldnt believe what I saw but it was a round glowing circle. NOT an airplane with wings (I had also worked for Boeing back in the day). I know what an airplane or a bird looks like and this was neither of them. Its been bothering me ever since I saw it. I hope that there is someone else out there that seen the same thing.
