{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-26 14:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286857","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116525","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/857/mufon-5286857.json","updb_database_id":5286857}
unknown

this is the second time I've witnessed this Same vessel or ship in the same place. I saw today, the 26th of june at approximately 2:42pm. Traveling the same direction as the first time SE heading towards SW towards over downtown Portland I reported it to (Name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL) via phone call both first sighting and again today at approximately 2:42pm today-26th I was only able to text him I witnessed the same sighting that I reported to him on the 24th of june at approximately 12:00pm, I called him to report the sighting. I was going to make a report to mufon's web page the first sighting on the 23rd but unfortunately where you enter the zip code I was only allowed to enter 4 numbers on the mufon report a ufo page. I witnessed a large vessel unknown type ship flying vertical across the Sky from SE to SW over the view of looking over the city of downtown Portland Oregon I was on the beach near the sellwood bridge looking towards downtown and saw a enormous light that was cigar shaped reflecting light off of the unknown  it was a really bright white light that was thicker in the center of both sides of the unknown.  It went across the sky and traveled from SE to over downtown Portland in approximately 42 seconds from where I witnessed the unknown object flying across the sky I tried to record the sighting by phone I wasn't able to get the camera app to open quick enough. Same as first sighting I wasn't able to get picture or video I witnessed a white helicopter that was near the object it looked to be investigating it or at least witnessing it. The first sighting was on the date June 23rd at approximately the same time 2:42pm I give the thumbs up to the white helicopter Everytime they fly over me and I believe it was the same helicopter that witnessed the unknown on the 23rd of june, at the time of 2:42pm. it was the same amount of time 42 seconds it took to cross the horizon until view became blocked by trees from my view along the shore of the Willamette river near sellwood bridge looking towards downtown Portland on the 23rd there was a bunch of people on the SE side of the sellwood bridge at the sellwood park I believe there a number of witnesses the day of the 23rd I do not believe this sighting is the same as the starlink sighting it it could be equivalent to pattern of length but not width, in the center of vessel or ship. Also, it's reflection was much more Brighter then what in my belief the starlink could ever be God Bless you all so much I love each and every one of you at mufon God bless and all the love in the heart of the world peace and harmony
respectively
A.I.M.C. I'm known by mufon as 2015 best witnessed sighting qoute "Its not like every day we see a ufo sighting closer then 200 feet away" I thought that was a amazing intro Once again God bless you all. I have a photo of what I believe is the light looks to me to be a huge orbs with Orion's belt way way lit up
