{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-08 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497857","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61414","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/857/mufon-5497857.json","updb_database_id":5497857}
{cak} 4 extremely bright orange orbs traversing the night sky in succession, spaced a few minutes apart

On November 8th at 1:15 am, my wife and I were lying in bed reading, at our home in Duxbury, MA. She noticed something out the window and exclaimed "Oh my god. I think I see a UFO". I jumped up and ran to the window, and lo and behold, I saw the most unusual extremely bright orange orb traversing the sky in a flight path similar to that of an airplane. It was so unusual that I was unable to gauge its approximate altitude. My guess would be slightly less than that of the typical airplane. To my eye it appeared about the size of a penny, whereas a jet in the sky would appear to be about the size of an ant. Unlike an airplane, this orb was one solid luminous entity. It seemed to travel about twice the speed of the average jet in the night sky, maintained a remarkably even flight path, and eerily made no sound whatsoever. I could not make out the description of any type of craft per se, just a glowing orb. By the way, all nearby airports were long closed for the night.
 I'm very familiar with what is known as Chinese lanterns which are set up into the sky. These are hot air bags set aflame that rise into the night sky, casting a fireball type image. They tend to rise (due to their heat) and can oftentimes get caught in the wind and move across the sky before eventually burning out. The orb I saw was not the same. It was much larger and brighter and traversed the clear night sky from the horizon in the west to the horizon in the east at a very steady pace. It gave off a tremendous amount of light. It also traveled much slower than a meteor or shooting star and never diminished or increased in speed or luminosity. It was always round like an orb and had the color and brightness of the setting sun over the ocean. The orb itself gave off no surrounding haze or glow and left no trail. 
 My wife and I watched in wonderment as this otherworldly night visitor traversed the sky and after about 30 seconds finally disappeared from our sight out into the eastern horizon. We were both immediately quite certain that we had witnessed a space craft that I could only describe as otherworldly. We were very excited but neither of us were scared. In fact, it had an odd calming effect because the object itself seemed so intelligent and sophisticated. I wouldn't hesitate to use the term spiritual.
 Our exciting night immediately got a whole lot more interesting when we suddenly noticed an exact similar orb appearing precisely where the first one came from. This second orb was the exact same size and color as the first, and traveled precisely the same flight path. As this second light eventually started disappearing from view, yet another orb came along in the same flight path. We saw three identical orbs over the course of under 5 minutes. I know that it wasn't one orb circling back because I distinctly saw two at the same time. After a 10 minute hiatus, a 4th orb appeared and behaved exactly the same. After that there were no more.
 The experience was so magical that it never occurred to me to leave the window and get a camera. Put me down as a first-time UFO believer.
