{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-06-12 12:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492857","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66667","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2678,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/857/mufon-5492857.json","updb_database_id":5492857}
{dr}A hovering craft small in size that resembled the palnet saturn flying above 7-11 convenience store across from my apartment.

I was about 9 years old when I seen a u.f.o. It was the summer of 1985, and I was playing with my brother who was 8 years of age at the time. It was a hot summer day just like many other Salinas summers. The sky was clear and bright. I remember feeling a strange feeling come over me like something was not right. I looked up out my window, we were on the second story of the apt. we lived in. Directly across the street was a 7-11. I seen an object that resembled the planet Saturn hovering above the roof of the store. It flew in an erratic figure8 and was glowing a very beautiful array of colors.Thier was a ring that circled the spherical body of the glowing u.f.o. Between the glowing of light, you could see the sphere was a chrome metallic in color. I went out to our front porch and opened the door and observed the object. Me and my brother were home alone and we were told to never go outside without supervision. But we did anyway and we could see the object hovering and heard an electrical humming or whirring.the obect left a kind of heat wave and aura around it. It stayed hovering in a figure 8 for a good five to ten minutes. Then all of a sudden it did an abrupt change in direction ant took of in a degree of flight no man made craft could do. It was silent and was gone almost instantaneously. Ive never seen anything accelerate that fast ever and without any sound. Me and my brother sat shocked at what we seen. We were .ot supposed to be outside so we went back in our apt. without questioning anyone else if they witnessed what we seen. When my parents got home we told our parents what we seen. My father believed us and my mother was kind skeptic til my father told her and me and my brother about his experiences while stationed in Germany in the 70's while in the army. He had seen a bunch of u.f.o's while there and was told to never mention what he seen. But he told us that night and I knew we were not alone in this universe.
