{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-11-22 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547857","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13924","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/857/mufon-5547857.json","updb_database_id":5547857}
Red illuminated objects-spheres?

Date: 22 November 2008	
Time: 2015 Hours
Place: Rosenkopf, Germany, (State of Rheinland Pfalz)
Weather at Time: Crystal clear, very cold, temperatures in high 20s. No moon visible, stars out in full.

Our house sits near the top of a rise in our town. The front of the house faces south toward the towns of Zweibruecken (10 Km or 6 miles away) and Pirmasens (approximately 30Km away). Our living room has four large picture windows that look out over our balcony and the roofs of other houses and barns in town. You can also see the outlying countryside and valleys.

At 2015 hours while watching a movie with my wife and children in our living room, my wife sees through the windows a large red light rising above the roof of a barn across the street. She says 1Look at the airplane there! That is a weird place for a plane1. I looked immediately and saw the object. The red light was not blinking and appeared as a steady glow. There were no other lights that I could discern. The red light appeared round and was rising at about a 15 degree angle to the roof of the barn. Then it suddenly started ascending at a 70-90 degree angle of climb at a high rate of speed. I immediately ran to get shoes while my daughter grabbed my coat. My daughter and I then went onto the front balcony and watched as the red object continued to rise from about 1000 feet to an estimated 10,000 feet, where it then stopped motionless in mid-air for about one minute. There was absolutely no noise during its climb. When it stopped at its apex, it looked like a large red dot star sitting in the clear night sky filled with stars. 

As we are watching this now motionless red light levitated in the sky, to our amazement, a second red lighted object appears over the roof of the barn. It was travelling south to east at a slightly climbing altitude of about 500 feet for approximately 5 seconds. I estimate that it was about one to two kilometers away (6/10th mile to 1.2 miles) from our house (and the barn roof)and looked as if it had risen from the valley near the town of Wiesbach. The second red light object was following the same path as the first object when it too suddenly shot up at a 70-90 degree angle at an exceptionally high rate of climb. I estimate the size of second object to be about the size of a single engine airplane. The lighted object was round (spherical) in appearance and glowing deep red. Note: My wife was watching the second red object from the living room.)

My daughter and I watched in amazement as the first red light just disappeared in a blink at very high altitude. Meanwhile we are watching the second object follow the same course as the first object, except it climbed at a faster rate of speed than the first, as if it were trying to catch the first object. Again, absolutely no noise at all from this object. The second red glowing object rose to what I would estimate was the exact same position and altitude as the first object. It did that in approximately 10-15 seconds. It then stop in mid-air and seemed to take up the same position as the first object. It remained absolutely motionless in the night sky for about 20-25 seconds. Just like the first object, it disappeared in a blink of an eye. 

These were definitely not fireworks, aircraft flares, rocket motors, parachute flares, slap flares or any military ordnance. There was absolutely no noise, no smoke or flame. They followed truly unusual flight patterns and trajectories. These lights gained altitude at very high speeds and appeared as if they were not influenced by gravity or wind. The red glow appeared as an intense illumination, no sparks, no smoke trail, just a bath of red light shaped like a sphere. The second lit object was large, as stated above, at least the size of a single engine aircraft or larger and was in clear view. 

My entire family witnessed the lights. Everyone thought it was a very strange event.
