{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-06 23:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473881","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86488","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/881/mufon-5473881.json","updb_database_id":5473881}
{dr}I saw a faint glowing orb that traveled East towards a large bright glowing object that had very colorful rings around it. The smaller object darted in, out and around the large object at extreme speeds and angles

On April 06, 2017 at approximately 1:25 PM I stepped outside my apartment, located in Anaheim California, to smokey last cigarette of the day. I was looking NB up at the sky at the stars while smoking. I then turned slightly left to go inside when I noticed a small faintly glowing orb in the sky to the Southwest of my location. It was moving East, towards where I was. I the turned, facing South to go inside and that is when I also noticed a huge, very bright white light (about 5 times brighter than the moon) in the sky, directly South of my where my apartment was located. It had very colorful glowing rings around it that were mostly green, bright gold,orange-yellow, pinkish and violet in color. There was also a strange line of smoke or line of a cloud that was horizontal and directly under the object. I thought the line horizontal trail of smoke or clouds was strange because there were no other clouds in the sky. It was a perfectly clear night, with stars visible. 
At first I thought it may be a strange looking moon, but the super colorful rings around it, and the line of smoke underneath it looked so weird that I ran inside to grab NB my cellphone to take a picure. When I came back outside to take the picture I noticed that glowing orb was darting around the large bright object. I took a picture and then decided to turn it to record so I could get a video of the greyish faintly glowing orb that seemed to be bouncing off the large object at very fast speeds across the sky at extremely sharp angles. After a few seconds the small orb VB started moving West again, towards where I first noticed it. SI turned off the recording on my phone and went back inside, figuring it was probably nothing that strange after all. When I got back inside, I sat down to quickly look at the picure and video I took. That is when I noticed what was outside was much more than simply a moon. I then went to my calendar to see if it was in fact a full moon that evening, but the moon was not on the calendar to be full until the following week, on April 11, 2017. That left me more confused. So I looked at the video again and I could see the glowing orb darting around the sky in much more detail than with my naked eye. I attached a copy of the picture to my Aunt and sister, and tried to also attach the video to the text, but couldn't figure out how to attach it. I tried until sunrise but I still was unable to send the video to them. I just wanted some type of confirmation that what I was seeing out there was in fact as strange as I thought it was. To this day, I continue to look at the video over and over and still can not make sense of what I saw and filmed that night in the sky. I have pressed play and then paused the video in an effort get a frame by frame look at the images so that I can better identify what was in the sky, but am still unable to make sense of it.
