{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-05 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459881","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101569","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/881/mufon-5459881.json","updb_database_id":5459881}
{tjd} Chevron shaped lights flashing in random pattern; V formation of lights ascending

On Sat. Jan 5th at 10:22 pm I was walking south from a local Gas Station/Deli stop on Wahington Avenue, Kingston, NY back to my apartment. As I tend to look up at the night sky at times, I noticed it was a perfectly cold and clear with no clouds or overcast sky. and "normal" stars where easily visible and clear. I noticed no moon that night -as far as I remember. As I walked southbound along Washington Avenue (without my glasses on) I noticed flickering star-like lights in a V formation traveling southbound as well which seemed to flicker individually in a random pattern. These lights were the same magnitude as stars; however, they were "twinkling" in a V shape pattern that at times had one side of the V (Chevron) go entirely off while the other side flashed on. At times only some of the lights (like a flock of geese in a V flying formation) on one side would flicker on, then perhaps the entire side would flash on. Then the other side flashed on while the opposite side remained "off." That unusual light pattern caught my attention, the V shape geese formation that had lights that flickered like they were attached to a "random number generator" so as to avoid a discernable pattern. The surface of the V shaped craft was black and dark and was not illuminated by the attached lights. I had at least 10 minutes to watch this UFO while I walked southboud parallel with it. There was no sound as far as I could tell, and it hovered and gradually rose to the East away from me as I walked back to my apartment. Since I knew this was an unusual sight, I took cell phone camera shots of this object as it rose further and further away to the South East. I estimate it was at least a 500-1000 feet up over me and was perhaps as large as a house. It was not a plane or helicopter. I know what those things look like at night. I have photos. I watched this thing for about 10 minutes. Perhaps a TRB3 experimental military craft -just guessing????? Please note my digital camera photos were light adjusted -enhanced to see the object more clearly. I posted this to my fb page that night and the next day. Also please note I DID NOT see the "Orb" light under the Chevron Object when I watched it directly that night. It showed up only in the digital enhanced photos. I believe this object was at least the size of a house -if not larger. No sound, no contrails, and it just drifted slowly upward to the east and then I lost sight of it after 10 minutes.
