{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519881","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36750","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2553,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/881/mufon-5519881.json","updb_database_id":5519881}
what looked like a very slow moving meteor small, close, descending below treeline

I was at home, and had gone out to smoke a cigarette. I am not sure of the time,  I was  looking west to see if I could see the  planetary "show" the news was talking about. I looked between two treetops just gazing at the sky. I ad not been able to see the planets because of the trees. So I was looking at the open space between two trees where I knew the planets would not be, and wasnt thinking about anything beyond getting chores done.

Then a light appeared slightly above the treeline between the trees and it started slightly descending and moving south. It looked like a closeup of a very tiny meteor falling, only the angle was slight and the movement was slow. The "meteor"  went behind the trees and I could see its brightness through them but then the thickness was such in the treeline that I no longer saw it.  

I remember thinking what could that be? It wasnt a firefly, they blink. It wasnt a meteor, this was low to the ground, and so slow. But the trail behind it was just like that of a meteor.  I went to the street and knowing I could not see anything to the west from there I looked to the southeast. All I noticed was an aircraft moving west, but it was too far away to tell what it was other than it was man-made and it was not the thing I saw. 

I felt a bit frustrated at not knowing if the little object landed or hit the earth, and not knowing what it was.. Other than that I felt nothing out of the ordinary. I did think  twice about reporting it here because I am not even sure whether it was what youd call a UFO. I don't know or sense that it was man made and I don't know whether it was intelligently  controlled or just an anomaly of nature or something.....

The skies were clear.

All I can say is that it was like a meteor, only really tiny and low and slow. I had a sense it was less than 30 feet away and not really a meteor.
