{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-02-01 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524881","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3400,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/881/mufon-5524881.json","updb_database_id":5524881}
UFO in Fairbanks AK 2005

This happened several years ago now, but I was watching "Monsters and Mysteries in AK" yesterday and thought it couldnt hurt to share my story. Growing up in Fairbanks, AK, especially living by the airport, Im used to seeing a lot of air traffic. With a major airforce base also nearby, its common to see and hear interesting things going on overhead. Ive also seen a lot of movement late at night that I cant explain, but this particular experience is unlike any other Ive ever had and has left me a believer without a shadow of a doubt. It still gives me chills to this day. 
   I had just started college at UAF and was living with my mom and dad at our family home on Fairchild Ave. near the Fairbanks International Airport. My room was on the second floor. It has a limited view of a few neighborhood houses and then a distant tree line visible. 
   I was sleeping sound when all of a sudden I was compelled to sit straight up in my bed, jerk to the left and lift the blinds. I didn't know why I was doing this and didn't even have time to think about what I was doing before I was already up and looking out the window. I was in control of my body, but it was as if someone had a very persuasive influence over me. Then I saw it. It was extremely large and hovering very low over the not so distant tree line. I cant tell exactly how big it was, but I know for sure that it was HUGE, at least the size of a football field. It was completely still and completely quiet except an indescribable sound that seemed to be buzzing/echoing in my head. I was virtually hypnotized by it. It was a flat metallic grey color with windows and little boxy, structural designs along the sides. It seemed to be a more flattened triangular or trapezoidal shape, though I cant be sure because I was seeing it mostly from the side. It had little bluish/white lights lining the sides and was visible for about 10 seconds before it took off so fast that it seemed to disappear before my eyes. 
   The really chilling part about this whole experience was that while I was seeing it, I had the intense feeling that whatever it was wanted me to see it there. It knew who I was and was "looking" at me. This was no top secret military exercise. This thing had a strange, otherworldly type of influence over my mind and body. As soon as it disappeared the air came back into my bedroom. I couldnt go to sleep for a while after that because I was so overwhelmed and curious/concerned as to why it wanted me to see it there. It woke me up to do so. I know for a fact that this was not a dream and I was 100% awake and alert and freaked the hell out. I havent seen anything like it since. Ive only told a few people about this, because unless someone sees it for themselves, they will never truly believe.
