{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-06 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508881","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3174,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/881/mufon-5508881.json","updb_database_id":5508881}
{cak} thought it was balloons looked under control changed direction/shape/elevation it was black w/ two levels bottombigger than top and looked like a kong toy

My wife and I were headed home. We were stopped at 56th and pecos facing east and waiting to turn north. As we were waiting at the light my wife spotted what she thought was a small black helicopter above and to the right of her/southeast and heading northeast. She originally assumed it was trying to land, but then the object continued in the same direction apparently not wanting to land. She thought I also had seen it, but I hadnt. She then alerted me to the fact that she had seen it and I looked directly ahead east and at a 30 degree angle above horizon it was only 2/10 a mile away. It continued to glide in a northeast direction and about 200 above ground. I then went through the light straight instead of turning to get a better view. This was on impulse as it would have been better to turn north towards highway 1-76. This was do to the fact that the object continued northeast and out of view when I pulled into a dead end parking lot. I then went north to pursue this object. Just two blocks north we spotted the object again heading in the same direction. we were on pecos street bridge this object continued towards a local gardening store paulinos as it reached this area it stopped and returned slowly in our direction and at the same time appeared to change shape and became a flat upward thin line then reformed and continued toward our direction northwest. It then slowly changed direction back to the northeast heading it originally had. It was then gliding directly next to 1-76. It looked as if it had attempted to land at one point not far from 1-76 and 1-25 confluence coming no more than 40 feet from ground. Granted we were now watching it at probably close to a mile from us. So distance from ground would be hard to guess. It then slowly glided back in northeast direction were we continued to observe it gliding along 1-76 a couple more miles. This object seemed to be under control. We assumed it was either a small manmade craft or balloons possibly but the object was not making a sound and it had a definite path unlike a bunch of balloons. It never accelerated rapidly but did turn/dive and rotate. When rotating it seemed to morph into a thin black line. Most of the time it looked like a snowman with no head and solid black. This object was very intriguing, so much so that I instantly had to pursue it. Going in the wrong direction from what I should have just to try seeing it better.
