{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-18 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501881","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57146","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3317,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/881/mufon-5501881.json","updb_database_id":5501881}
{dr}Series of orange lights, randomly arranged, appearing and disappearing over Atlantic Ocean

Location: Topsail Island, North Carolina.
Dates: June 16th-18th 2014 (Online reports indicate events have been occurring the entire week)
Times: Each evening any time during the 9 and 10 o'clock hours.
Distance from observer: Unknown.
Distance from ground: Unknown.

The first two nights observed, a series of one to four orange lights of varying intensity appeared over the Atlantic Ocean. Lights would suddenly appear in the sky, varying height (and assumed varying distance from observer). There seemed to be no organizational pattern or formation. On the evenings of the 16th and 17th, the lights would only appear, then disappear. This lasted for anywhere from 30 to 45 minutes. After appearing, disappearing, and reappearing, lights vanished and the skies were normal for the remainder of the evening.

Apologies for incomplete or inaccurate reports of the first two night's events. I wasn't planning on reporting it until the events of the 18th took place. Had I known that I was going to submit a report, I would have paid more close attention to the first two nights's events.

On the 18th, around 9:00 P.M., ten witnesses saw three lights appear in the sky above the ocean. These lights behaved as they have the previous two nights, with the exception of one light 'splitting' and becoming two. Some objects were noticeably closer than others. When viewed through binoculars, one could tell that each light was actually two lights, one at each end of the object. The closer lights (when viewed through binoculars) appeared to have a vague disc shape, with a light on each end. The most notable event of the 'show' was the ejection of an object from one of the lights, which traveled right across the sky (South). The entire event took place over the course of about 40 minutes.

After the lights had disappeared, two military helicopters flew the length of the island (North to South) along the shoreline. When they reached the South end, one turned around, looped over the island, and then flew over our house, directly toward the location of the lights. Upon reaching the approximate location of the objects, the helicopter turned around and flew back inland, making one final lap along the shoreline (North to South) before returning to wherever it came from.

Attached is a three and a half minute video of a portion of the event, taken with a Droid Ultra phone. The video has not been doctored in any way, and no attempts have been made to 'clean up' the image quality.
