{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529021","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26517","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5935,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/021/mufon-5529021.json","updb_database_id":5529021}
Took place over the corse of a year or more

Their were lights in the sky occasionally but the events we experienced were telepathic in nature and involved contact with a person we believe to be from a parallel earth via a machine with a machine brain interface, I documented the entire years experiences each time we entered the valley up until my sister made contact with the person / entity who called himself Kahalt. We both have a history of sightings and of strange occurrences over the last couple decades but nothing like this,ironically my sister relayed one of her earlier experiences to Kahalt as a possible explanation for her sensitivity to his machine.

What happened was my sister and i would get sick in Death Valley National Park when we would go down there, we would get nausea , dizziness, and depersonalization the difference being that my sister began mumbling in strange languages and would often come out of the confused state and describe visions of all sorts of things like mummies on the salt flat or a stone shack and people in coursly woven robes, one man in particular who was very tall she says maybe seven feet. All the people have long hair about shoulder length and most have black eyes where the iris is black like the pupil of the eye. The tall man appeared over and over in her visions as well as a thing that looked like a stretched out tulip made of brass about 5 feet tall planted in the salt flat like a post with white light coming out the top and red light coming out some triangle shaped openings as if someone had punched them out of the sides with a can opener. Eventually she actually saw the tall man in person in a mesquite thicket at the Eagle Borax Works on West Side Road, both she and he were startled by each other and stood staring, she called out to me and by the time I got there he was gone.
It was a few months later that she felt an urge to drive to Badwater where she felt a presence in her mind while sitting on the salt flat eventually she established contact with the presence and could see the tall man's face from the mesquite thicket she said her name and he replied "Kahalt" pointing to his chest as she had done in their mental visions of each other. Kahalt got very excited and began rambling on in some odd language and the connection was broken, my sister got nauseous and threw up so we left. 
The next weekend we came back and she again contacted Kahalt, this time she didn't get as sick and they talked a while, he asked her how she traveled without a machine, she said she thought it was his machine that did it apparently he was referring to the brass tulip. He said he had never seen a traveler like her before her white skin and short hair as well as her brightly colored and odd cloths (shirt and pants verses a robe like his) When she asked how she could hear his thoughts he said the machine "makes my thoughts stronger" his English was very bad but got better each visit apparently thanks to the computer like machine. 
He said he was descended from the people who brought the machine to the parallel Death Valley she always saw in her visions, apparently they were from a very advanced culture and traveled with one of these things to that place , interbreeding with the natives. Eventually the bought the machine there to make it easier to travel to other "places" (Kahalt's word) 
When they turned the machine on "before anyone could act" the primitives started dieing on the spot apparently the machines brain interface didn't work right with them and shut down their autonomic system or some such neurological damage was done that they all died. I am not clear on this point weather all the natives died or all except the ones who carried dna from Kahalt's home world. Kahalt said the people from his home world never went back, eaten by guilt they stayed there and used the machine to help the survivors, Kahalt is a descendant of those early people one of only a few whose brain can operate the machine. This was the reason that he said he can't "travel" 
While Kahalt never used the words parallel universe or parallel world etc. from the way my sister described her visions the place is almost an exact duplicate of Death Valley with obvious exceptions such as the lack of any roads or structures save the stone shack. Tule spring is a little different and their are human remains about such as the mummies on the salt flat and some bones here and there apparently left over from the holocaust. 

I have kept a journal of the entire experience including every vision with times and dates etc except for some early experiences when we weren't sure what was happening. I have met one other person who said they got sick in the aria of Death Valley Beatty and Rhiolite. I myself have experienced "machine sickness" as far north as Scotties Junction and as far south as Shoshone Ca. Apparently the machine has a kind of field like from a transmitter.

I am quite willing to work with mufon on this and very curious to investigate further but my sister feels the opposite, she is terrified of ending up as a UFO case or "kook" etc, I must respect her wishes and remain anonymous thereby protecting her identity. 
There is more detail but I can't put a years experiences here, contact me if you want to know more.

Joe Banks
(assumed name)
