{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-17 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489021","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70613","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3171,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/021/mufon-5489021.json","updb_database_id":5489021}
{cak} Large red orb circling the moon in burst motions - Star-like object hovering and doing patterns.

Our two friends and my girlfriend and I were at East Point Lighthouse in Heislerville, NJ between 8:30 PM and 10:30 PM on September 17th, 2015. The sky was extremely clear with plenty of airplanes and stars out to compare to. I'm positive that these sightings were neither. Each sighting was in the sky over Dover, Delaware in the WSW and WNW directions, respectively.

#1 - A fat red spot in the sky appeared near the moon, visually approximately the size of a pencil eraser held out at arms length. When I first noticed it it was underneath the moon, relative to my viewing angle, in the sky. It hovered for about 10-15 seconds before darting quickly to the left and upward and stopped still resting to the left of the moon - again, from my viewing angle. The object hovered again momentarily before it darted upward and to the right toward the moon. The full motion was like a clockwise half moon. The object disappeared from the sky as it crossed the tip of the top of the moon. I want to be clear that I don't believe it physically went TO the moon, rather it was just the closest object in the sky I can use as a point of reference.

#2 - This sighting went on for at least 30 minutes. A smaller dot in the sky the size of an average star hovering and then darting and then hovering again. This object was doing very clear patterns. First squares. Then triangles. Then squiggly zig-zag motions up and down, left and right. This object performed very quick, sharp, angular motions. Every motion would be followed by absolute still hovering for 2-5 seconds. The object was slowly working its way toward the south, but never stopped doing patterned motions as long as we tracked it. Always hovering before each new movement in the pattern. The distance it would cover in the sky in each movement would be roughly an inch to two inches at a time if a ruler were held out at arms length and each destination would be reached in the same amount of time with the same amount of speed, regardless of how far it went each time.

We were absolutely going nuts trying to figure out what these objects could be. The red one was perplexing but the star-like one put on quite a show - and was still going as we left. There were so many other aircraft in the sky almost directly above us to compare these to and none of them even came close to what we were watching. The distance that these objects appeared at and the swiftness of their motions is what is most baffling to us.
