{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493021","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2666,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/021/mufon-5493021.json","updb_database_id":5493021}
{cak} I had a face to face visitation with a venucian by the name of donn thor in my b/room

I was sound asleep in my bed. I was literally pulled out of a deep sleep by a venucian by the name of donn thor. I do not know what his means of travel were. As I was pulled out of sleep, he was partially turned to the side towards my drafting table as I could feel a force pull me up to a sitting position in bed. Normally I would of reacted to the presence of someone being in my home uninvited but, I had no feeling of alarm or danger or being harmed. When he spoke his mouth didnt move but, I could hear his voice in my mind. As I was initially brought out of sleep, he was just replacing the lid on the copy paper box that held a recently finished volume of songs and poems that was sitting to the left of my type writer on the drafting table. After he replaced the lid he turned and faced me. What I heard spoken to me in my mind was, "These are very good". He then smiled, reached back over and grasped an envelope that was sitting on top of the type writer and placed on the seat of my office chair and then I heard his voice once again in my mind say, "This is to le It you know that you did not dream or imagine this". With that said he once again smiled and I felt this force, best described as the opposite poles of two magnets pushing against one another force me back down into the bed, forcing my eyes closed although I was still wide awake. I assume at that time he left. For at least the next three or more hours I laid there fully awake but, unable to open my eyes or move any part of my body. I struggled during that entire time to open my eyes and to move. I finally managed after great effort to open my eyes and sit back up in bed. As soon as I did, I could see the envelope on the chair in the exact position that he had placed it. Let me point out that the office chair, not a large one, was two or three feet from the drafting table. So I had ruled out the possibility that it had slid off the type writer onto the chair at some time during the night.
