{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-31 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512021","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46311","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/021/mufon-5512021.json","updb_database_id":5512021}
{dr}Believed was a cub plane, realizing no blinking lights, just continuous orange-red illumination. (thought fireworks?) however kept a steady speed and direction, no compostition change, followed until it just disappeared,

I had left work going home on Dec. 31, 2012, approximately 10:35-10;40PM. I was driving east on a road that is about a mile to where I would have to turn right going south. The road going east climbs a hill to where turning south is the high pt. As I am driving east, I am looking up and see what I first perceived at the moment to be one of the small planes from the nearby municipal airport(10 miles away approx)flying from north to south, when I realized there were no blinking lights. Studying it, I saw that it was more like an orange-red glowing ball. It is New Years Eve. So, okay it is a remanant of a firework. Something about the consistency and movement of the orb was questionable. I could see that the path was going south very near where I needed to turn. I am racing up the hill to observe this object. When I made my turn to go south I could no longer see it, I was underneath. I had a half of a mile to drive. Not trying to break speed limits I wanted to get to my driveway so that I may get out of the car to observe the orb without having to concentrate on the road. I get to the driveway jump out of the car and it is right above me and its altitude higher than what I had perceived earlier. Still the same brillance and steady speed. I wanted to get my family outside to see this object so I had turned away from the sighting to run to the front door. I looked up to fix the path that the orb was following. I could not find the orb. It was gone. Disappeared. This all occured in the duration of approximately 5-7 minutes. 
 Now I am curios, wondering if anyone else saw this object. I am a debunker. We do have a military base 85 miles south of us. Drone or UFO??
