{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-26 20:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480021","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80055","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2635,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/021/mufon-5480021.json","updb_database_id":5480021}
{jpg} Flying triangle

I was standing on my patio and looking up when I noticed some white lights in the sky to the northeast. They were neither particularly bright or particularly dim. At first I suspected they were from an airliner taking off from the Wilmington, NC airport which lies about 10 miles north of us give or take. They were about the right size, but seemed to be moving unusually quickly for a civilian aircraft, but not super fast. As the object passed overhead I realized it was not an aircraft at all, but a triangle shaped craft with three lights at the corners and a single larger light in the center. The center light was considerably dimmer than the corner lights. The object was totally silent and as the craft moved it rotated slowly in a counter clockwise (from my perspective) direction. I couldn't tell for sure, but it looked to be about the size of a commuter jet, so maybe a little over 100 ft. stem to sterm, and flying at 5000 ft. (just a guess but I'm an aviation buff so that's probably accurate to about 2000 ft. either way.) The craft continued in a SE direction before disappearing over my house. At no time did the craft change direction or altitude, it just continued in a straight line toward the ocean. I've always been skeptical of the "triangle craft" reports and wondered if they were of hysterical origin or maybe the result of the power of suggestion, but I am a sober, educated individual with some background in aviation and I know what I saw. As for how I feel, honestly I'm a little freaked out. I saw lights in the sky many years ago, but they were so far up, I was more fascinated than anything else, and nothing has happened in the interim. I'd like to believe it's terrestrial technology of some sort. MCAS New River is not too far from us, we see V-22 Ospreys flying over from time to time and Coast Guard helicopters and the odd C-130 from Elizabeth City, but who knows what the black ops guys have developed? I can tell you that what I saw, traditional aerodynamics cannot explain.
