{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1989-01-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182403","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"19pd5jh","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182403,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Barking dogs alert witness to domed objectsGroup
/Category 4
Animal Effect Cases

Directory
Dog Reacts to 6-8
Glowing Objects
Somerville, Ohio
January 18, 1989

Animal Reaction Feature:
Dog barking at 3:57 am alerted the family to the presence of 6-10 small
glowing objects moving at very low altitude, possibly landing, over
their farm property and over that of their neighbor. A low hum
could be heard. The dog was reported to exhibit fear but there was no
further detail.
Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
This event took place on a farm in an agricultural area located near
Wright-Patterson AFB [Wright-Patterson is about 45 miles to the NE of
Somerville-jw]. The sky was clear with no weather reported.
The two adults in the family, ages 36 and 40, were employed in a
white-collar, technical field, and the youngster was 11 years old.
At 3:57 am, the barking of the dog awakened the family.
For 1:45 hours, until they departed for work and school, they watched
6-8 glowing objects that hovered, landed, changed speed, disappeared
and reappeared. At one point when a jet flew over [military or
civilian?], the objects all disappeared.  The objects were
flying below tree top level and were over the witness’s property and
over their neighbor’s property. The estimated horizontal distance
from the witnesses to the objects was 100-500 feet. A cursory
investigation found no evidence of landings.
The estimated actual size of the objects was 4-10 feet.
Their shape was hexagonal with a dome. When viewed from the side, they
were elliptical with a flat bottom. The surface of the objects
glowed and changed colors—red, yellow-orange, and blue. A ring of
lights was located near the base of the objects and these lights pulsed
red-green-white. The objects had a bright aura. A low hum
was heard.
No EM, physiological or psychological effects were reported.
The evening after this event, a formation of jets passed
slowly over their property, which they considered an unusual
occurrence.
Source:
MUFON UFO DATABASE, Portion of Reports from the Files at MUFON
headquarters, July 1999, Sequin TX, CD-ROM, Case Log #890603, by
Richard Seifried.
