{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-26 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506273","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52530","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/273/mufon-5506273.json","updb_database_id":5506273}
{nd} Saw one craft idle for 50 minutes while also watched others mysteriously appear then fly away.

Tuesday, November, 26, 2013, at 6:13pm-6:15pm, I sat outside in my backyard to smoke a cigarette. Looking up into the nights sky I thought to myself, "I cannot believe in all my years I have never seen a UFO" when ON QUE I saw a bright, well-lit object emanating three distinct lights from the front of it; red, green and white, blinking in a pulsating pattern from its right to left, flying in from the tree line, towards my direction. This object was flying very slowly and rather closely to the ground, and appeared to be slightly descending. I followed it to my front yard where I observed the object already sitting stationary above my neighbors house across the street. The object was not literally above my neighbors house, but its placement from where I stood appeared to be above my neighbors house. In reality, it was most likely towards or in the Defiance area if not further, as opposed to in St Charles. 
While watching this object, I happened to notice a second lighted object, similar to the first, also sitting stationary in the air to its left. I do not know from where it came or for how long it had been there before noticing it, but soon after I watched it fly back toward the tree line, from where I saw the first object fly in from. Again it flew low enough, even lower in fact, that I was able to see it was black, had V shaped louvers, had four lights; two sets of lights each; one in front, one in back; one row red and other white. When I turned around to see what the first object was doing however, I saw that an identical object had already replaced the very object I just watched fly away! This happened maybe four to six more times before the initial craft I first saw left and for the night.  The first crafts was the last to leave.
I also saw a third light in the sky during the times these other lights and crafts were hovering. This one though, was just a red light, going back and forth from the center object to the side objects. To me, it looked like acting as if a watch dog.

After all the excitement was gone from the front yard, I went to the back door downstairs to see if I could view anything left in the sky from behind the house. I opened the door and heard something that startled me, so I instantly closed the door and ran upstairs. Suddenly then the air became so electrically charged that it was almost suffocating for me. I kept waving my arms in the air as if to push something off my back, because it literally felt like something attached itself to me. Sounds crazy I know, but no more crazier than what I had just witnessed.

The very next night the lighted object was seen virtually in the same place. It has been seen two nights more, equaling four nights altogether. Its placement is virtually in the same area, give or take several miles. It appears to come anywhere around 5:30, 6:00pm and leaves by 7:00, 7:15pm same night.
