{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475273","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85025","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3175,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/273/mufon-5475273.json","updb_database_id":5475273}
{cak} I noticed an object too bright to be a star changing shapes as I arrived home late in the evening.

I left my friend's house in Tewksbury, Ma around 11:35pm. I arrived home and parked in the driveway just past 12 midnight.

As I got out of my vehicle I happen to look up and take notice of nearly full moon and it's brightness. Immediately I noticed at first a blue blurry object just below the Moon. It was hovering and then motioned from left to right, but staying within vicinity of the direction of the Moon in the sky.

I got a very strange feeling that I was looking at something other than a Star so I put my glasses for distance and began taking cell phone pictures.
I zoomed in and out to try and give it scale. 

As I began taking the pictures my observation was that the object was going through a blurry transformation of shape and color. While I could not be certain what was taking place, I was positive whatever it was, it had to be significant in size because the distance looked many miles away and high above the horizon up in the sky.

After 10 minutes I went into the house to get my roommate to take a look at it and when we went back outside it had disappeared from view. There was no opportunity to witness it as it left from the vicinity I had originally seen it.

I went into the house and downloaded the pictures onto my computer to verify what I may of taken pictures of and I was astounded at the "change" that took place before my eyes knowing I had taken all of the pictures in under a minute. At one point it looked "cylindrical" in shape and changed again into an unknown shape as it hovered and made no sound while I observed it.

All stars in the sky were faint and didn't even show up in any of the photos from what I can tell. No idea exactly what this was, other than a defined UFO.
