{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-04 17:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528273","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27314","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2921,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/273/mufon-5528273.json","updb_database_id":5528273}
Three round horizontal lights, evenly spaced on large object moving slowing and low on the horizon. Lights and craft inverted to vertical position

I was driving on a residential street in NE Portland headed west. I was driving slowly as the sun had just set and I was unfamiliar with the neighborhood. Without looking up - so it was in my line of view- I saw three lights in the sky. They were a bright white/yellowish, round, and evenly spaced. At this point I was so surprised that I almost completed stopped the car and I could not take my eyes off of the lights. I had two thoughts in my head, "I have to take a picture of this" and "It MUST be a plane". I pulled the car over and stopped. The lights were getting closer but moving slowly and seemed to be too low to the ground. I could see the shape of some kind of craft but it was dark and this was difficult. I believe it was very large. Mainly I was trying to determine if it was a standard airplane. Although I don't know the exact shape, I know it was NOT the shape of a commercial airliner.
As the lights became larger and closer they moved from a horizontal position to a vertical position. Now, as I am recalling this, the rest is a little fuzzy although everything I have already typed is crystal clear.
It moved over me and I turned my head to look out of the drivers side window. I looked up and saw a red light underneath. Now I began rationalizing again that it must be a plane since I have seen a red light on planes. Now I heard a noise similar to an engine sound but quieter, like a "whoosh". Now it moved faster away from me but still in my field of view. I believe it was gaining elevation now.
Now that I think about it, I can not think of why i decided to look away. I believe I looked away while it was still visible to me which is strange because I would have wanted to watch it until it disappeared from view.
Like I said before, the end of this experience was a little fuzzy and almost became dreamlike.
I was excited after seeing this and realized I was rationalizing in my head " It must have been a plane getting ready to land", etc. although I really knew it wasn't and I had seen a UFO. I feel a little confused about how calm I remained (although initally shocked) and especially how the end seemed to be unclear to me in what happened.
