{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-21 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505273","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3249,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/273/mufon-5505273.json","updb_database_id":5505273}
{rjl} I have approx. 2 minutes of good video during twilight hours. Observed by two people while stopped in parking lot.

I was driving down our main highway when my wife, a passenger in the car, noticed a bright light in the sky moving erratically and asked me what it was. I then pulled off the highway and parked the car in a parking lot. A bright light was observed and I began to take video. I tried to describe the object that was moving in an unconventional manner thinking it was a model aircraft at first, but changed my mind later, because nobody flies models at night. I have been building and flying model planes and helicopters for over 50 yrs. and never saw anything like this object. 

The object was very bright, circular, changing brightness as it moved erratically about 30-40 degrees above the horizon. No noise of any type. No position, landing,or strobe lights noticed. The object would hover and move in sharp angular directions. The sky was clear, unrestricted visibility, and no wind. I tried to keep the tree line in the frame for reference.

The object descended behind the trees. I decided to drive two blocks to a known grassy field where I have flown models before to see if anyone was there. We arrived approx. 2 minutes later, but no one was in sight, leaving me to think that no models were flying. I then called the Palm Sprigs Airport Control Tower and asked them if they had any traffic visually or on approach control radar, and they reported "Negative" on traffic in the area.

I hold a commercial flying lic. having over 50 years experience as a pilot flying helicopters and fixed wing aircraft. During this time,I have accumulated over 4000 hrs. flying as a Naval Aviator for 23yrs.,and was selected as co-pilot of Swim I Helicopter on the Apollo 14 recovery team of Allen Shepard and crew. I continue flying today as a private pilot observing thousands of helicopters and fixed wing aircraft,and I never seen anything that performed maneuvers as this object performed.

My video is some what grainy due to my phone camera, but still gave a good presentation of the object, along with clear audio as I describe the object. My wife can be heard in the background. 

I hesitated to submit this report earlier due to others might make negative comments about this incident, but after trying to figure it out, I feel somebody else in the area saw what we saw and could explain what has happened. 

Anyone from your organization can view the video in person from my computer and confirm my credentials, but I do not want to release it to the public at this time for copying. I assure you this is not a fraud.
