{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-03 08:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513273","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/273/mufon-5513273.json","updb_database_id":5513273}
{dr}husband & I seen same UFO with green/white lights from two different towns at the same time frame

ON 1-3-13 8:30pm

 I went outside and looked up to the night sky about 830pm and seen what looked like a very bright star out to the east about a tree line level but yet very high in the sky. I watched it a bit not knowing what it was then, I thought I noticed the color green on the star. I grabbed my binoculars and found the object. the object had a bright white light on the underside and green lights around it, due the extreme cold I was not able to stand still long enough to get a good look at it before it started moving in a north-eastern direction at the speed of an airplane. Once again I was questioning what I was viewing. I watched this light pass over my house, I was able to see the green lights surrounding the object and what seemed like a spot light that was mounted on the under carriage, the object was still very high in the sky and did not pass over my head but I was able to get GREAT LOOK the sources of light on the object. I dashed to front door of my apt. in time to get the light source back in my view. I then witnessed this light source silently guide it-self it a 180 direction with ease so as to return to my back yard view. again as I reached the back door my view was then mostly filtered by the many trees around us but, I was able to view it in the tree lines until suddenly the light just went out. I was on the phone to my BFF at the time and related to her what I seen and we both brushed it off as though it was an airplane or something until my husband came home and he related that the he too seen a green/white UFO hovering over-head when he was getting into this truck headed for home, he said the object was stationary while encompassed with the same lights and spotlight I mentioned, he stood and observed it for a bit and he was able to witness it a second time up in the sky once he turned the corner of our home. 

my husband works in Grand Junction and witnessed the object from there and we reside in Fruita, Co where I witnessed it first.
