Case No. 892 20112018

Date: November 18, 2018.

Approximate Time: 21:38 local time.

Location: Quintero, Valparaíso Region.

Witnesses: Y.C.G.

Images: User submitted 1 video.

Description: The user characterized the reported sighting as an object in the shape of
a "plasmoid," whose coloration she described as "orange light, then changed to white
and later split into a yellow and a red one," of an unspecified size. She added that this
was visible coming from the northeast.
Then it will be in static flight for approximately 2 minutes "over Codelco", on a clear night without wind. Then he specified that "It first appeared in the mountain range, then positioned over Codelco for app 2 minutes,
"It disappeared after a path of colors (video recorded in HD with an iPhone 6)."

The user concluded by stating (sic) "It appeared in the mountain range, moved over Codelco and remained static for about 2 minutes, first it was orange, then lights."
It was white, then yellow and red. After that it gets smaller and goes away. When I saw it, it was like a very bright star, although it looks different in the video. I have a 1:20 minute video recorded with an iPhone 6 cell phone (HD video), I don't know how to send it.
"that it does not lower the quality."

Figure 1
Figure 1 corresponds to the object under study in frame 17 of the case video.
Case Analysis: The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 32° 47’ 20’’ S, 71° 31’ 59’’ W and 46 m.s.n.m. This site is located 5.8 km northeast-east.
(60°) from the chimney of Codelco facilities in Ventanas. (Figure 2)

Figure 2
The forensic analysis of the graphic material accompanying the report revealed its digital integrity and confirmed that it was captured on the indicated date using the camera of an Apple iPhone 6 phone at a rate of 30 frames per second. It was examined by studying each of its 2,474 frames individually.

Figure 3. Deformations in the reported appearance and camera sweep.

The description of the "plasmoid" and orange coloration was found to be related to
Its size, type, and degree of brightness, distance from the camera, and level of blur.
Figure 3 illustrates this with variations occurring over a 1/30 second interval between
frames 389 and 390.

Furthermore, the reported object emitted light in pulses of red, white, and green tones.
With the same level of magnification, Figure 4 shows a visible sequence between
frames 635 and 640, approximately 1/5 second apart.

             Figure 4. Sequence of color changes in the illumination of the studied object.
The user concluded her testimony by stating that she assimilated it to what was seen as “…a very bright star”, which disappeared from view when “…it gets smaller and goes away”. Figure 5 compiles four frames from the final part of the footage captured, exemplifying the above and consistent with an object in flight receding from the camera.

Figure 5. Gradual disappearance of the reported phenomenon in the filmed scene.

Although there were overflights of commercial airplanes near Quintero, the study
The analysis of the air traffic situation around the time of the filming found no aircraft that could be visible in the geographical location of the scene.
All of the above is consistent with navigation lights of a small aircraft capable of
silent static flight at the distance it was from the one who reported it.
Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographic, forensic, photographic, and air traffic studies, it was concluded that what was reported was
overflight of a small aircraft. Based on the quality of the images studied, it can be equated to a drone, which was not necessarily located next to or on top of the chimney of Codelco's facilities in Ventanas.
