{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-04 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484229","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2730,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/229/mufon-5484229.json","updb_database_id":5484229}
{nd} Mass number of spherical red and white objects Morrilton AR Sept 4 2010

I live in Conway AR and wanted to share a REAL mass sighting with you that happened in Morrilton AR back in 2010. My band was setting up for a weekend gig at a club named Joses at around 9pm and on a return trip to get a load out of our trailer I noticed lights moving North to South almost driectly above us at approx the height single engine planes usually fly (1-2000 ft?) they were brightly lit spherical objects - white upper half / red bottom half like a fishing bobber; slowly moving individually in tight yet seemingly random formations and they never got closer or further away from each other or deviated in altitude. They were not connected to each other either- we could see stars between them as the passed us. As they passed our position they would fade out rather quickly. The craziest thing about it was that we saw wave after wave of these objects go by; 12 to 15 object waves at a time and actually had to quit watching them so we could continue setting up our band equipment. Each wave was separated by approx. 1000 ft. I got on top of the club in attempt to see better (looking for a plane or something dropping flares) but only saw more and more coming towards us. One of the club owners was on the ground and hollered out "I'm up to 50 now" as he was counting them. Major WTF moment.

There were 7 of us that saw these things and unfortunately cell phones weren't good enough to get video of them, although we tried. They were not flares....I've looked at lots of flare videos. I'm not saying we saw alien ships
but don't have a clue what they were. And for the record-we had just arrived at the club and no smoking or drinking had taken place yet! I would say I personally saw well over a hundred pass over. The long trail of them HAD to be crossing over I-40 which was directly north of our location. We were all pretty amazed and excited but felt no fear about seeing them. We are all willing to talk about it in a public forum if desired. Thanks for what you (Peter) and others do. I wish I had the software to recreate our sighting.
