{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-16 02:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492229","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67319","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2458,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/229/mufon-5492229.json","updb_database_id":5492229}
{jpg} This happened the same way lots of times

My grandparents lived on this road, and as my parents were separated, I spent a lot of time here growing up. Several times at night, we would be driving home from church or from town late at night and see these fiery balls of light hovering over the road...sometimes they would follow us, others they would appear in front of the vehicle. They would be there one minute and the next, they were just gone. 

These lights were seen by my family on many occasions, my grandmother says he has seen these for years...she has lived on this road since the early 1940's. My great grandfather reported to her that he once saw one land in the woods behind his house, and he had taken photographs of the indentations the feet of the object left in the mud, and branches broken where something heavy landed. These were the only thing he found as the object had disappeared in the time it had taken him to get his camera and gun and make it to the woods...

To me, there was no explanation as to what it was. My grandfather was in the army reserve, and even he was baffled by these strange things that were appearing. It didn't look like anything I have ever seen before. 

My friends and I called this little valley alien alley. I wouldn't walk down that road alone at night. The lights at the time made me scared because I was younger and didn't know what I was observing, but now that I have looked back at the experience, they didn't appear to he hostile...they could have easily harmed us if they so chose to...it was like they were observing our way of life...

I will never forget those times in the mountains, and trust me it has made me a believer.

If you're interested in the photos my great grandfather took of the indentations and the branches bent where something had landed, I will search for them for you.
