{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-03 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286229","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6236,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/229/mufon-5286229.json","updb_database_id":5286229}
Black or dark “triangular egg” shape craft with slow, pulsing lights on S(?)-NE flight path near Mount Laguna Observatory seen at close range

I would like to preface this report by saying that elements of the event extend beyond the sighting itself, but are nonetheless relevant (at least from my perspective, and if my foreknowledge of MUFON research is correct, yours as well).

Pre-Sighting:

On the night of August 2nd into August 3rd, I was relaxing at home / enjoying a night in, and was dozing in and out of half-sleep on my couch watching TV, as one does. 

In my half-sleep (near-sleep?) state, I had a dream (daydream?) in which I was in my car up to one of my usual places (a turnout overlooking the Sawtooth / Jacumba Mountain Wilderness) for stargazing/watching for UAP on Mount Laguna near the observatory, at night. 

Of note, I was observing myself and the scene from a third-person perspective facing the driver’s side of my vehicle at a vantage point I can only equate to standing across the road from the turnout. 

As I was observing this scene a large white light appeared above my car, which proceeded to turn on an incredibly bright spotlight shining down upon my car (with me inside), and as I saw myself looking up at the light, I awoke on my couch. 

When I awoke, I had the unreasonable urge (I felt legitimately compelled) to go to the place I had just been in my dream. It was late (after 1am), so I tried to brush it off and go to sleep in my bed. I remained there, restless, and filled with the need to get in my car and drive to that turnout. This lasted for about 20 minutes, then I decided to put my clothes and shoes on, and get in my car. 

The Sighting:

I drove out to the spot, pulled over, turned my lights off, and left my car running. I got out of my car to stretch and everything seemed normal. I got back in my car, sat for a few minutes, rolled down my windows, and began to cover my stereo and dash lights with a jacket (to mask any ambient light in my car so my eyes could adjust to the dark), when I noticed a new frequency had entered my hearing. It was a very quiet, very low frequency, metallic hum or buzz that remained static but had a nearly indistinguishable rate of oscillation. At the same instance, I began to sense a strange feeling in the air and on my skin. 

Thinking it was the music potentially making the noise, I turned it down and turned off my car. Upon doing so, I became immediately aware of the lack of any animal noise (which had been there in full effect prior, when I got out of my car to stretch). With the stereo and car off now, there was only the faint oscillating hum, closer now than before. Completely baffled and weirded out, I stuck my head out of my window. 

As I looked up, I saw a very, very large triangular egg shaped craft moving at an unusually slow speed directly overhead. The best shape I can equate it to is a cross between a triangle and an egg placed on its side. It was no higher than 500 feet above me, it felt like around 300 but I’ll say 500 to be safe.

There was almost no moon that night, so there was nothing to illuminate this craft from above, which only allowed me to make out the outline of it against the night sky to decipher its size and shape. It was about the size of a football field, maybe a little smaller, but not much in both length and width (at its widest end).

On the underside, there were 3 large circular, almost oval lights that were glowing a reddish-orange color and gave the appearance of (what I can only imagine to be) plasma swirling very slowly inside of a translucent shell. It would vary in brightness in perfect timing with the sound that I was hearing. 

Each light was so large, you could have easily placed my car (VW wagon) inside of the light. Aside from these lights, there was absolutely no discernible color or texture to this craft aside from potentially black or dark grey with how dark it was outside. 

The lights also (strangely) did not illuminate the underbelly in any way. Judging by the metallic nature of sound it was giving off, I assume it was made of metal. As far as speed, it moved at a snail’s pace. 15-20 mph maximum. It never changed altitude. 

From where I was, this craft seemed to have come from the valley below and was making its way up the mountain into the forest. As it passed overhead, it moved north/northeast into the forest towards the Cuyamaca Rancho State Park or Sawtooth Mountain Wilderness / Anza Borrego State Park. I watched it until it moved out of sight behind the trees. 

I sat there for a minute to process what had just happened, then proceeded to turn my car on and drive further up Sunrise Hwy all the way to Kwaaymii Point, but saw nothing else. 

I drove back to the spot I was at prior, and sat there until 5am when I found that I was having trouble remembering exactly what the craft looked like, which I found to be extremely odd. My mind began to remember 3 lights as 2 lights, so in an effort of preservation I roughly scribbled the shape I had actually seen on an iPhone note. I have included this. 

The elevation of the location where the sighting took place is around 5-6000 ft.

I greatly appreciate the work MUFON does, and I hope to hear back. I will be making more reports of my other experiences, but I found this event worth sharing today for some reason. I looked at the calendar, and it just so happens to be the 2 year anniversary of the sighting. Serendipity?
