{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490229","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69363","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/229/mufon-5490229.json","updb_database_id":5490229}
{cak} Triangle went right overhead moving with the forward. Collected from ground zero media with Clyde Lewis

Ground Zero media July 7th 2015.
The Phantom of Phobos w/ Chase Kloetzke. Who is also a MUFON FI.

at 3:02:30 in to the program
C (clyde)... Jeff in Utah.
J (Jeff)hey Clyde I saw the triangular craft on Friday 3rd of July.
C-You did? Where did you see it?
J-in Pleasant Grove Utah. It was over me. I was watching it and kind of keeping my eyes on the sky because of the increased military aircraft lately. And I'm watching it wondering if it was a helicopter or airplane and it went straight over head and I saw its triangular and it's got lights on every edge. And what surprised me because I've heard a lot about these is that I've always assumed that the point of the triangle pointed forwards. There was a flat edge pointed forward as it moved over me. And it had lights all along every edge. It was only about 500 feet high probably only 15 to 20 feet long on each one of the edges and on the tail it had a very bright light brighter than all the rest of them and the rest of them seemed like soft colored LEDs.
C-interesting. Probably so far I bet you didn't hear anything. so it flew the flat edge first?
J-flat edge forward and pointed towards the back.
C-I never seen that I've seen flying square that was amazing and it looked like it had four lights on in one square shaped and it was fun kind of bizarre. Saw it in Utah the Wasatch Mountains near the University of Utah.
J-they say the new area 51 is out near Dugway.
C-it is. The Eagle range they have a huge runway 2 to 3 miles long no one knows why they have a runway that long. Maybe they have something that needs a runway that much space to land but there are other things that they are testing like lasers. they are using to communicate with extraterrestrials. I've been out in that area in fact. I was there held at gunpoint when I stood in front of the gate. Soldier showed up they were very nice to me and then said you better get out us here because if Wackenhut shows up you're going to be a dead man. I better not be a dead man so I put all my stuff away because we had a camera. Some guy from Wackenhut saying if I don't leave the property I'm going to be shot. So they escorted me from Tula County to Salt Lake County and then left me.
J-I heard that they have restricted access enclosed a lot of the roads that used to travel on down there.
C-they warned me not to be in that county again and I go to Wendover. so I said yeah whatever but when they were very mean to me.military was kind of in Blazers pulled guns on us and followed us out of the county. During the day. Had flashlights and everything my crew left the camera running but we knew Wackenhut meant business. Drones?.....missing conversation
J-but this triangle craft was so small. I heard them being the size of football fields 1520 feet long but it made me think that it's a drone because it's small and that makes it look less threatening. Then I thought why haven't we seen a full size quadcopter like for an aerial crane. 
End at 3:08:50
