{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-07 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462859","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98105","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/859/mufon-5462859.json","updb_database_id":5462859}
15-20 bright white orbs heading in a WNW direction followed by a short period of inactivity, maybe 5 mins, then a further 6 orbs travelling in the same direction.

At approximately 22.35hrs I let my dog out into the garden, on doing so I looked up into the night sky and observed between 15-20 white orbs after counting, there may have been more, travelling in a West North Westerly direction. They were moving at an observable speed and what I can only describe as purposeful. As I was watching this spectacle I observed what I can only describe as a shooting star - a bright flash of light with a tail heading in a South westerly direction at the same time. It was at this point I observed and heard an aircraft with its red, green and white lights flashing coming from the South. I rushed back into the house and called out to my partner to come and look at these objects whilst at the same time getting my binoculars.
I returned outside to see a further 6 white orbs heading in the same direction. I managed to focus on one of the objects but all I could see was a brilliant white object, no detail, flashing lights or markings, just this brilliant white orb. I then heard another aircraft visible by its red,green and white lights flashing coming from the North East.
The sky that night was clear with what I observed as a some light cloud. When I observed these objects moving through the night sky I saw them pass in front of what I believe was Orion's Belt as well as passing by what little cloud was in the sky. I believe this event lasted for no longer than 20 minutes after which these objects had disappeared from sight. I felt somewhat apprehensive at first sighting but that soon turned to curiosity.
Please note I reported this matter to the local Police who then provided me with the phone number for military aviation. I rang them the next day and told them what I had seen. I was informed that there were no military exercises on at that time and that Fighter aircraft are not allowed below a ceiling of 2000 feet and that no more than 3 aircraft would be able to fly together.  I explained to the lady to whom I was reporting that apart from the two aircraft I witnessed there were no other aircraft and/or helicopters in the area at the time of observing these objects. I added that there was absolutely no sound from said objects nor any discernible means of propulsion. I was advised that I would receive a letter in due course as a result of their investigation, however, I have received nothing to date/at the time of completing this report.
