{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496859","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62519","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4251,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/859/mufon-5496859.json","updb_database_id":5496859}
{nd} two craft 10:57 and 11:00pm trapizium shape wings with quadric corners like the grill of a bmw grill ( similar)three fingers wide and two fingers long at arms lenght cloudless night

Solidly lit object that looked similar to a grill of a BWM, wing like. Witnessed 2 objects three minutes apart.

While using the new camera and looking into the night sky almost straight up. I saw one image with two luminous trapezium shapes with rounded corners moving slowly from north to south. The craft was about three fingers wide at an arm's length and the length of the craft was half as long as wide. A trapezium shape with quadric corners or rounded corners, one thus and one opposite (two wing shaped craft). It was unique, it was the first time I've ever seen this shapes or associated it with ufology . 

Later while reviewing my thoughts, the image I saw reminded me of the chrome grill of a BMW almost or close to the shape, a two trapezium shaped wing image. Must look at the grill of a BMW to relate to what I saw. 

The image was self illuminating as if the edge was lit up fluorescently while the area in between was less illuminating. The color was that of a very dim fluorescent bulb with a blue hue. I didn't question the validity of the object. I just knew it was one of a kind and it was physically there in the sky not projected. 

Three minutes later, 11:00pm, another craft exactly the same moved north to south across the sky, making 1 or 2 degree correction turn to the east. Each pass of the craft lasted about 15 seconds. As it traveled the object got smaller until the distance was too far away to see.  There was no sound associated with the sightings. The fluidity and grace of the traveling crafts sent a rush through my body - wow is all I could think- what an experience. I'm in the salt lake valley's west side about 5600 west. the direction of the craft took them toward the south ends west side witch happenes to be where the NSA is located. The sighting and the NSA location make for interesting speculation of the event. Could there be other organizations aware of the sighting event on August 19th 2014 at 10:57 and 11:00pm ? Is there photographic evidence from the NSA of the night sky on that dark night ? I would love know if there is a possibility to obtain night sky images from the north to south pass of the objects from the NSA or the Salt Lake International Airport radar. There's more than likely other people that witnessed the event somewere of the unique shape and lumination of the wing looking craft. I've looked everywere for anything similar to the shape and lumination and didn't find anything yet. Look at the file and that's the image I came up with,it's one of a kind. 

Nothing came out in the pictures, that's because I wasn't experienced with the camera or ready for the event.

Twenty minutes later, my son and I were scanning the skies. In about the same location as the 10:57 and 11:00 pm sighting we saw a blinking or solid streaking light that went in 1 or 2 second intervals and that happened 5 or 6 times all in the same area not moving through the sky. The same blink or streak repeating in the same spot in the sky. (no sound) 

The color was that of an incandescent light bulb. The size of the blink or streak was the same as a small meteor. 

It was all worth the skeeter bites we endured. 

We live on the west side of the Salt Lake City Valley in Utah.
