{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474859","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85451","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/859/mufon-5474859.json","updb_database_id":5474859}
{rjl} Thought it was Pleiades but it drifted South then disappeared.

Was letting the dog out to go potty and decided to stay out with the dog because the sky was unusually clear tonight. Not a cloud in the night sky and no noticeable haze. Looking to the West I thought that the sky was so clear that I could even make out the Pleiades constellation. However that didn't seem correct because I thought that they were usually more of a Winter observation. At that moment of thought, the constellation appeared to be drifting towards the South/ South West. After drifting approx. 60deg of travel, it faded away. 
The object from my perspective appeared to be double the size of a jet liner fuselage but without wings. Jet liners often fly overhead but the other direction (clockwise to CMH) and make noise. This made no sound. The object seemed to be fuzzy without a defined edge. It resembled the splash of a ground to sky floodlight against a cloud, but there were no clouds in the sky and no noticeable floodlight beam from the ground, just a light-up spot in the sky that I thought was the Pleiades but moving slowly (drifting) to the South. 
Later I verified on a star chart that the object was initially spotted in the location between the constellations of Hercules and Lyra. It seemed to have about a dozen lights that I thought were the small close stars of the Pleiades. They seemed to stay in their initial pattern. The object passed out of my view behind a tree then reemerged on the other side, I cannot be certain that the pattern of stars were still the same after reemerging or if they had changed. Last that I saw of the object the stars on it seemed to fade away like it was banking up sharply and I could no longer see it in the sky. The time should have been about 12:50 am when this flew by. I was not bothered emotionally but felt surprised that I had spotted something weird.
A small plane flew from North West to North East about 5 minutes later. Then I went inside.
