{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-30 13:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546859","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3022,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/859/mufon-5546859.json","updb_database_id":5546859}
chemtrails (never happend before) then ufo shaped cloud hi res photo taken

after researching Dulce Base , went out for luch and at 1:04 a plane (very Low altitude around 3-600 ft) passed over head leaving huge chemtrail , then another at 1:11 and many more over a period of 3 hours . the sky gradually filled with clouds , various random unusual cloud formations appeared and then i noticed the ufo shaped one and like this is perfect shape not like a cloud . i took many pitures 7 megapixel i think and sum video of all the clouds . and i realised sumthing there is a mine here that was shut down right (don't know why) ... and its now filled with water , and there is this big thing about pumping it all out . they say the town will collapse if the water is pumped out (lies i think ). now i swear i have seen a pic of it empty with a military tank in it (going to find it ).right? and strangely our town has a very high suicide rate ,i was told highest in the southern hemisphere (mind control ?). im thinking there may be sumthing here .because the water that fills this open cut mine if copper sulfate or sumthing and the copper out of it would be worth millions of dollars (yet the owners don't care ) and it is fenced off .i have seen something (a ghost trying to get to me) there at night inside the fence (note i was very drunk ) so i don't know but it scared me to death .im going to research this further . but i think it isnt coincidence that the first chemtrails i have ever seen here start when i begin really researching secret gov. stuff .i will continue to research this regardless of "effects" and conciquences .
1. i was driving around and then at home when i spotted the ufo cloud.
2. its strange shape and i was taking photos of chemtrails. 
3. it was a perfect ufo shape , so i thought a possible ufo.
4. stationary sadly i didn't observe it for long , so unsure.
5. in my head my reaction was holy [cms/tg/pd] i think and i felt an omg feeling during and after.
6. i kept taking pictures and i don't know what happend to it clouds were forming in mass maybe HAARP , but idk . i will review the tapes i have .
