{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-25 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508859","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49592","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":14989,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/859/mufon-5508859.json","updb_database_id":5508859}
Many flashing/morphing lights, one gigantic star, followed by a triangular craft flying directly overhead, blocking out the moon.

Waitati, 10km north of Dunedin

Sometime between 4.30-5.30am we [myself, "J", "B" and "T"] arrived home from a gig in town. As soon as we pulled into the driveway "B" noticed from the backseat a strange star, it was large and pulsating, growing and shrinking in size. It was in the South. We all got out of the car and there was an instant recognition that what we were looking at was not a star. It was far too big, and with a clear country sky there was no light pollution.

As we watched it began to pulse different colours - it seemed that it's 'default' colour was an almost putrid yellow, yet it changed from this into purple, green, red and orange. As we watched we were able to see it move backwards and forwards slightly through the sky, but not really straying too far from its original placing. However, it was definitely moving. Due to the location of my house, we have absolutely no light pollution from the city, because of this we were able to see what I could only describe as 'beams' coming out of the star. This beam appeared to be moving across the sky, pointing towards Earth, as if scanning something. As we looked on, spikes of light came out of the top and bottom of the star giving off some kind of very dark energy field that could be seen as it was darker than the night sky. The star, always growing and shrinking in size, began to form somewhat of a triangle of light in the sky with a line growing through the center. It continued to spike lightforms, now from all directions.

As we looked on from the driveway, I became aware that there was a bright light shining through the trees to my riight- I immediately wrote this off as the moon and continued looking at the star. This was until the others realised that the bright light in the trees was not the moon, and in fact the moon was on the other side of the sky - immediately above our house and heads. We moved into the back garden, so that we were able to see this shining light without the obstruction of the trees. It was huge, far far bigger and brighter than Venus. You could of held a NZ$ up at it and it would have been the same size in the sky. It too was pulsating light and energy, changing colours and seemed to have a huge shimmery yet dark force field around it. It's location was above the Doctors Point hill, yet must have actually been quite far out to sea [the Pacific Ocean.] Many theories were being tossed around as to what could cause the pulsating - atmospheric disturbances etc, but the pulsating was just too strong and the objct too big.

We began to search the sky for more UFOs, and suddenly realised that there were about 10 different stars [that we could see] all pulsating in a similar manner that were lined up in a gigantic circle that stretched across the entire sky, and circled Otago. All of the ones we noticed at this point were of smaller sizes (yet all different sizes) than the first two we had noticed.

As we searched the sky we noticed extremely fast moving satillites speeding across the sky, at one point we saw 2 travelling at right angles to each other cross each others path. They were moving far too quickly for it to have been a normal satillite, and some were so bright they could not of been satellites. 

At this point, it was starting to get light. We were all becoming extremely excited, as this bright light (above the trees/hill) was still very much visible. We were discussing the possibility that this star may not disappear, and as daylight comes we might actually get to see a space craft.



We had now been standing and watching the objects for 2 hours. We decided to send it 'messages', both aloud and in our minds. I was sending the star my utmost gratitude and thanks for being there, that I was not scared and that I was extremely happy to be seeing them. It continued to pulse at us. It was rapidly becoming light and the star was not fading, whilst others were - however the line formation in the sky remained very much visible - even the fainter ones. At this point, I named the light above the trees "Day Star", as a way to differentiate between all 13 objects. We all started saying it the name aloud and hoping aloud that they could hear the name as discussion of telepathy came into play.

As the Day Star pulsed on, it was apparent that we were all hungry, having now been standing outside for 3 hours, it was breakfast time, but no one wanted to leave the scene. I started joking aloud "Come on in for a cup of tea guys!!" Mere seconds after I said this, "B", who was standing to my left, turned so his back was to the Day Star saying "Woaw look at that" as he did I turned around '...IT'S HEADING RIGHT FOR US!" and he was right!!What I saw is forever burned into my memory.

What I saw was an orange disk of light, growing larger and larger and morphing its shape from a verticle disk to horizontal disk. We all started yelling "oh my f*****g god" as all four of us witnessed this disk of light morph into itself - disappearing for only a split second to be replaced by a row of 3 startlingly bright orange lights. Within seconds it was right above our heads, DIRECTLY overhead. It passed underneath the near full moon blocking it COMPLETELY from our view, yet it was definitely within our atmosphere. We were able to see wings - these wings each had a row of lights, however above the wings was a larger circular disk - making me think that there were many levels to this craft and the upper decks of it were circular. Perhaps what I saw wasn't even wings, it's just that this is my only way of being able to describe it. They reminded me of the shape of wings the Appollo crafts have. We could see details to the craft - shadings of nooks within its body that I'm not really sure how to describe either. On the back were glowing orange jets, yet they produced no flame or smoke. This thing was kilometers across, at least. Then came the sound, far slower than the Craft. It was a phenomenal sub-sonic roaring that rattled and pushed my eardrums, it was so incredibly loud and unlike any kind of sound I have heard before. It was almost reminiscent of the earthquake rumble/infra bass sound that we are accustomed to in New Zealand (We get a lot of quakes down here!) Whilst all of this was happening I was jumping up and down waving my arms as frantically as I could screaming "HELLO! HELLO!! I SEE YOU! WE ARE HERE!" Within seconds of it passing over our house (heading towards the Pacific Ocean) it morphed back into a disk and began elevating unbelievable quickly, then it simply collapsed into itself and was gone. I believe that what I saw was miles across in diameter and was definitely travelling faster than the speed f sound, with utmost ease.

All of this happened in about 5-15 seconds, at approximately 6.30-7am.



Whilst I saw this, there was no terror. Although very excited I felt an incredible sense of peace and oneness with my friends and indeed with the Craft and Day Star. It was a real true awe - in the true sense of the word, but not a single shred of fear - I felt humbled and blessed - like I'd just seen a ghost of a long lost relative. I shed a few silent tears of joy as I returned my gaze back to the Day Star repeating in my mind over and over again "Thank you, so much. I am blessed." The Day Star pulsed on, now in broad day light. All other stars bar 3 and the Day Star had completely vanished. The nes that remained continued pulsating coloured lights.

I estimate that it took at least 5 minutes for the plane to show up, travelling the exact same route as the Craft. It was a large, long and narrow unmarked white plane. It had no windows apart from the windshield, and was using after burners placed on the tail - they were glowing orange hot...meaning they were trying REAL hard, using every bit of energy possible to catch up to the UFO. This plane looked like a billion dollar jet, which moved relativity quietly (though not silently) through the air. It traveled very quickly, though was a pathetic speed in comparison to the Craft. It was flying low - not wasting time or fuel trying to gain altitude. This jet was unlike any other plane I have ever seen, and WE DO NOT have a flight path over our house (apart from when the Hercules fly to Antartica = RARE... twice a year?) The most noticeable feature apart from these jet engines on the tail was a very nubbly almost rounded nose with very long and narrow wings.

It flew away and we continued to watch the Day Star, it was now much higher in the sky and starting to fade - but it was still very much present and still huge. We believe that it was not the Day Star moving, rather our planet doing it's usual orbit. 

About 5 minutes after the first unmarked jet passed over, we saw another one. It traveled the exact same route - though this time with a different (albeit very similar) design of plane. This plane did not have jet engines coming off the tail, rather it's engines were on it's wings. However, next to these engines we could see large boxes. We have no idea what these boxes could have been, whether they be missiles or huge radar equipment. Personally, I believe that what I saw on the wings were missiles. This plane was also traveling very quickly and somewhat quietly through the air - it too had no visible windows or markings and was stark white with primer grey sections on the side of the nose. It's wings were narrow and its nose was nubbly/rounded, yet fatter than the first plane's nose. [Edit: 13/12/12 To this day I have scowered the internet looking for images or documents on either of these two planes, and have found absolutely nothing. I can only assume they were top secret]


We continued to watch the Day Star for some time, well into the morning. It was still visible when we finally decided to go inside and at about 10.30am.

Throughout the day we heard 5 more jets fly over the house. I did not see these, however "J" and "B" did and confirmed that they travelled the same flight path as the Craft.

I went into seriously heavy shock after seeing what I believe to be military/NASA jets. I was terrified that Men in Black would come to my home. I found this more terrifying than the UFOs themselves. New Zealand does not have an airforce worth speaking of. I spent the entire day wrapped up in a woolen blanket but still shaking and shivering, sometimes violently. I did manage to get a few hours sleep though and was grateful for it. "T" however couldn't sleep and spent most of the day researching on the internet. He discovered that these sightings are common before/after/during natural disasters and was able to find dozens of videos of similar pulsing stars filmed all over the world in March 2011 and before. 

"T" found this video filmed in Mexico in February 2011 which is extremely similar to what we saw ---> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AccrD97XaBs 

******************

As dusk came all four of us stood outside, scanning the sky. The first stars to appear looked strange, almost orange. As we watched we saw a very large ball of light come whizzing from behind the hills from the west right above us, curving slightly and then back behind the opposite hill in the east. It was moving with such incredible speed and had a similar pulse of light to the stars we had seen in the morning. 


Later that same night, I was inside washing my hands and heard that familiar subsonic roar over the rushing water. I ran outside to see another ship with flashing red, green and orange lights streaming across the sky towards the Pacific Ocean - taking the exact same flight path as that morning. The others ("J", "B", and "T") made it out of the house just after me as they were upstairs. I ran down my driveway, which from the road has a clear view of Blueskin Bay/Pacific, so that i could see where it as headed. I turned and yelled to the boys to follow me and as I did saw another orange disk of light growing in size (it was the same location in the sky as that morning Craft) I stopped dead and just as I started to react I witnessed it morph into a Craft and fly over head in the exact same fashion as we had all seen it morph in the morning. However this time I was the only one to witness it morph, the others turned just as it became a Craft. I ran to follow it and watched it blip out of this dimension and out of sight. The horses in the field opposite our house were extremely distressed - running, stamping and snorting. They're usually very chilled out and mellow horses. 



Over the course of the evening I personally saw 5 different orbs speeding very quickly across the sky in different directions. The majority were heading north, but 1 headed south and another was heading east. More than 5 different orbs were seen by the others, 5 is just the number I saw with my own eyes.



I ended up moving a deck chair out to the driveway, chain smoking in the dark, wrapped in that same woolen blanket, drinking lots of coffee and staring at the stars. It was a crystal clear evening, at the time. "B" and I were sitting in the driveway when we saw a bright star move slightly backwards and forwards. Later in the evening we both saw stars disappearing and reappearing. Whilst I was on facebook updating my UFO status, "B" bolted up the stairs telling me to come outside. We stood together on the picnic table in my back garden - as this was the only place were the object was visible. It was low to the horizon and orange, level with the tree line. It pulsated and had a strike of light going through the centre of it, there was red light on/around/coming out of it. As we watched it disappeared and reappeared several times.





Again, whilst updating the ole facebook UFO status "J" and I heard Squid screaming from outside - I could immediately hear that ominous subsonic rumble and flew down the stairs out into the driveway. There in the sky was another Craft flashing red green and orange lights, it was very high up this time.



Suddenly we noticed that it had gotten very cloudly very quickly. Within 10 minutes it was raining HARD, when only an 15 minutes ago we had crystal clear skies.That we fund to be almost as unexplainable as the UFOs.
