{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-22 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548859","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7750","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6013,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/859/mufon-5548859.json","updb_database_id":5548859}
2 UFOs fly past BRP overlook

I had driven up and parked at milepost 418/East Fork of the Pigeon River Overlook on the Blue Ridge Parkway to see if I could catch the last few Perseid meteors. I was facing N/NE. My view was approx 180 degrees. Big dipper was on my far left. Cassiopeia/Perseus slight left in my field of view. Arrived approx 8:30 p.m. caught the last part of sunset and the stars came out. Weather was mild and a clear, cloudless summer evening. Lots of air traffic, all planes, etc. had lights that blink either white or with red lights.

Event began about 9:40 p.m. Had seen approx 3 Perseid meteors (2 quickies, 1 earth-grazer with nice tail.) approx. 3 satellites, and many airplanes.

Two lights caught my eye to my left from low in the horizon at the bottom of the Big Dipper. The lights were star-like but much brighter than any other object in the sky at the time. I thought the lights were possibly air traffic initially, I kept waiting to see the blinking red or white lights that planes exhibit. No lights ever flashed from these objects. They moved VERY slowly across the sky. They stayed low in my line of sight, moving from left to right across my line of sight from Big Dipper through the top edge of Perseus, etc. As the lights moved out of the Big Dipper, they changed position from one above the other (about four fingers width at arms lenght) to one leading and one following directly behind. 

It was very quiet that night, little wind, sound of the falls clearly heard down below. Sounds of jets and other air traffic clearly heard. That is what got my attention initially. These objects made no sound, did not have safety lights flashing, and were not following the air traffic pattern I had observed to that point that night going into and out of the AVL airport. Also they seemed to move with a deliberate slowness.

The two moved slowly and I felt they slowed even more as I became aware of them, as if they were deliberately trying to engage my senses. I felt my adrenaline response (fight or flight) surge. The objects seemed to challenge me in a menacing way. I am a born-again Christian and while beleiving of course in the supernatural, I also fear nothing of Satan and his demons. I do believe that people do see UFOs, ghosts, etc. but that they are simply a deceptive tool used by Satan to confuse and ensare the unsaved. I beleieve this UFO deception will play a key role very soon in world affairs.

In any event, I felt a surge of courage and boldness from the Holy Spirit within to challenge these lights with the Truth of Jesus. I shouted out to the lights that I did not fear them, that they had control over me, that Jesus would return soon to establish His kingdom forever, that they (the demonic spirits) would be thrown in the lake of fire soon, and that I was commanding them in strenghth through the Lord Jesus that they be gone immediately so they may not decieve anyone else skywatching that night.

Strangely or appropriately enough depending on your view, the lights faded in strength for about 5 seconds and then promptly dissapeared/dissolved and did not return for the rest of the time I stayed at the overlook that night when I left at approx. 11:30 p.m.

I felt invigorated by the experience but also needed to calm down a bit too. I have never in 15 years of a Christian walk ever felt like I was directly involved in any kind of "spiritual warfare" kind of event. I was joyful because the Holy Spirit gave me strenght, calm, courage, and boldness to stand up to UFO forces that often fill people with dread, uncertainty, fear, and anxiety. The fact that they disappeared from the sky at my command through the Lord's power was amazing, but on the other hand I expected to be victorious over the powers/lights of demonic UFO deception the moment I spoke commanding them to be gone form their deceptive mission that night.

It was an unusual evening. I have spent at least 3-4 nights per week star-gazing on the BRP and at Max Patch since June 2007 and have seen my share of meteors, satellites, airplanes, jets, props, helis, etc. I know every microwave tower, cell tower, etc. from the overlooks that I frequent. The lights/UFOs that I saw Wednesday were like nothing I have seen. They were not flashy, Hollywood-style UFOs. In fact, most of the jets and other air traffic that night had much more in the way of speed/flashing lights, etc. than the two UFO lights that I saw. The main thing was that they slowed down intentionally to me, almost flaunting themselves to challenge my rational notions. They seemed to consciously challenege me mentally. There were no voices in my head or that were audible, but there was a definite menancing challenge and hubris to the UFO lights toward me. It was as if they had other plans and people to go out and decieve, and they hadn't counted on me seeing them any more than I had expected to see them when I drove up that night. It was like two thieves casing a house or something and I was the law enforcement that stumbled in on a criminal act. We each faced each other down, but my authority given through Jesus made them flee at my command. That part of the whole experience (which lasted no more than 4 minutes) was the most uncanny feeling; the UFO lights dissolved at my command, not before, not after, but at exactly after I commanded the lights to be gone, they immediateley dissolved.
