{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-29 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496514","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62881","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/514/mufon-5496514.json","updb_database_id":5496514}
{cak} flashes of blue light thru my window, then bursts of white light scattered around back yard, 1 white glowing object observed

I was visiting a friend in Conroe, TX after the Thanksgiving holiday. Around approximately 1AM on the morning of Sat. November 29, 2014, I went up to the 2nd floor guest room where I was staying to go to bed. The room has a big window that looks out over their backyard. There are houses to each side of them but only a wooded area behind them. There are no houses, streets or other roads behind them. My window was open but the curtains were drawn. Just seconds after I had laid down on the bed, I saw two bright flashes of blue light thru my window in short succession. They were like pulses of light; they were very intense and focused. They did not cause the entire window curtain nor the dark room around me to illuminate only the areas where they flashed thru the curtain.  I had never seen anything like it. I immediately thought 1what the heck is that1, but for whatever reason I didn1t get up to go to the window. Then after a short pause, though the curtains I began to see bursts of white lights that appeared to be exploding like fireworks in or behind the backyard (although there was no sound whatsoever). This continued for what seemed like around 30 seconds to one minute, so I finally got up to investigate. By this time the bursts were dying down, but when I pulled back the curtain I seemed to see a single round object illuminated with white light 1 the lighted object was fading and by the time I got my glasses on to get a better look, it was gone. I waited for a while to see if there would be any other lights, but I saw none. No further lights appeared during the rest of my visit either. 

I didn1t think much about the strange lights in my bedroom for the next couple of days, but then I began to feel a very strange sensation in my right knee. It wasn1t pain, it was more like a sensitivity if anything. The tissue underneath the skin felt strangely as if it had been sliced, but I saw no breaks of skin, abrasions or bruises.  I know it sounds crazy, but for some reason, at that point I started thinking about the weird lights in my room and wondering if there was any connection. Then, when I went thru security at the airport on the way back home to California, the TSA body scanned revealed some anomaly on my right kneecap. The TSA patted the area down, found nothing and let me continue on my way. The odd sensitivity of my skin around my kneecap continued for some weeks even after I got home. 

After seeing the objects on 12/22/14 as described in my other report #62878, I also can1t help but wonder if there some connection between what happened to me in Texas and what I videoed on 12/22/14.  It1s a little unsettling but mostly I would just like to find out what it was.
