{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-07-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504514","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3191,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/514/mufon-5504514.json","updb_database_id":5504514}
{kt}traveling in pickup north along Hwy 101 near Florence,Oregon. Object seen through trees over the ocean to the west by husband and self.

In July of 1980 my husband, our 2 year old son and I were traveling north on Highway 101 (coast Hwy) from Florence, Oregon to Yachats, Oregon to stay at a cabin belonging to my in-laws. Approximately 12 miles north of Florence, I noticed some lights shining through tall fir trees on the west side of the highway. As we got closer it seemed unusual because we were too close to the ocean for any houses, and there were many bright lights of various colors. 

I remember telling my husband that it looked like something hovering in the sky. He took his eye off the road and eventually stopped in the middle of the highway. We just stared at it in amazement. I told him it must be a UFO and to try to remember what it looked like so we could draw it when we got to the cabin. Then I realized that we could get hit sitting in the middle of the highway. I'm not sure how long we were there. He pulled the pickup off on the the right shoulder and we watched some more. The object was huge. We were shock. It's hard to say how big it was, but i would guess that it was at least the size of a baseball field...just a guess. I could easily see various lights flickering that were in a circular arrangement around a spherical shaped object consisting of several levels. Light streamed out off of the various colored lights. The best I can remember is that the colors were blue, yellow, reddish-pink and various colors of white. 

Not long after we pulled off the road, we decided to move our pickup forward up the highway past the trees to get a better look. Just at that time the object moved quickly north and behind a bluff. We were unable to see it again.

During this time our son remained asleep. we were shaking until we reached the cabin. Once there we each took crayons and pencils and drew pictures in separate rooms to see how similar they were. when we say each others pictures they were quite similar. He had more light coming off the craft from underneath. I slept soundly that night, but my husband said he was restless all night and felt the cabin shake. I didn't have any recollection of the cabin shaking. 

Today some 34 years later it is still vivid to me.Some details of the ship are lost, but the lights, the size, the lack of sound, the location and the feeling I had at the time are still very real today. I am still surprised we sat in the middle of the hwy for so long, not thinking about being hit, and with not other traffic to speak of.
