{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465514","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/514/mufon-5465514.json","updb_database_id":5465514}
{jpg} 2 Events: First event hovering. Second event landed with personnel on the ground.

There are 2 events described here. I've never before reported this to MUFON. I've told a small number of people but never reported it to anyone "officially". It was simply never important enough to bother, and I'm not going to describe the incidents in 2 different reports.
 I was 16 and going to New Mexico Highlands University. Most kids cut class to party or just screw off. I used to cut class to go hiking in the mountains or foothills not too far away.
 Both times, I was walking N along the crest of a ridge west of Las Vegas.
 Both incidents happened at about the same time in the afternoon, about 14:00 plus or minus 3 hours (11:00 to 17:00).
 Each time, the craft and occupants were about 1000 meters to my north and about 30 meters below me in the valley at the bottom of the ridge.
 Each time, the craft present was cylindrical, tapered at each end, presented perpendicular to me (i.e. its longitudinal axis ran east and west while I was walking North). The craft "looked" to be about 7 to 8 meters in height, and about 18 to 20 meters long. It was a dull gray, not shiny. As both times were during the day in the summer, there were no lights visible.
 The first time, the craft was hovering just about tree top level.
 The second time, the craft was on the ground and several personnel, humanoid, in gray coverings. The personnel were not human dressed in something tight fitting although I can't tell you how I know that, or at least suspect it.
 Each time, I can remember seeing the craft and personnel for only a minute or so. The next thing I remember is walking out of the hills down a road with the State Hospital for the Criminally Insane to north (my left) and the graveyard to the south (my right). It was night, and I'd walked what should have taken me only about an hour. It should have still been daylight.
 Seeing the craft and personnel didn't excite me even though I had "studied" UFOs (a *really* stupid acronym; ETV works better) when I was younger. No fear. I was calm for the *very* short time that I remember observing and walking towards the craft.
 When I found myself walking back down a road toward town, at dark, with an asylum on one side and a graveyard on the other, I was, briefly, more concerned about the asylum and graveyard than having just seen an ETV and personnel.
 I didn't question it at the time. I wasn't uncomfortable. I never reported it simply because I don't care about attention.
 And, no, I didn't give my real name. I worked with a clearance for too long not to be somewhat paranoid. And if you ask me if I care, to quote Rhett Butler "Frankly my dear, I don't give a damn."
