{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-11-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511514","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3134,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/514/mufon-5511514.json","updb_database_id":5511514}
(GS) Early 70s - Shelton, CT - Very bright object, stationary position, pulsating light, white color, spherical shape and silent.

SHELTON, CT - UFO SIGHTING1- early 1970s

One Friday evening I was driving northeast on Rt.110 heading to my sisters house in Shelton, CT. 1It was approx. 6:30 or 7:00 pm. 1It was dark out, so it must have been late fall or winter. 1The roads were clear and it was not raining or snowing. 1I would say it was a clear night. 1I made this trip every week at the same time to visit my sister and her family. 1As I was driving, I noticed an extremely bright light low in the sky. 1It was brighter than any star I had ever seen. 1It was not high up in the sky, where you would expect to see stars, but lower. 1Because I was heading in its direction, I kept trying to figure out what it was because I had never noticed it there before. 1I thought the light was coming from a hospital-type facility near my sisters house but realized it couldnt be coming from there. 1Then as I got closer, I thought it was coming from a street lamp but realized that the light was above the tree tops. 1(I even thought perhaps it was a spy satellite because there is a huge aircraft company in the area. 1However, the aircraft company was several miles back the other way and if this was a spy satelite it was way off course.) 1As I got even closer to it, I could see that it was staying in one spot, sort of rotating but pulsating at the same time. 1Since it was above me, as I turned to go up the road to my sister house, I couldnt tell how big it was. 1It made me a little nervous, and I wasnt about to get out of my car for a closer look. 1

This super bright, pulsating orb intrigued me more than scared me. 1I felt that it was no ordinary object. 1It was a little spooky. 1I was glad to get off the road and get inside my sisters house. When I got to my sisters house, I told all of them that I just saw a UFO over their property. 1Everyone said I must have been mistaken etc., etc.

The next day, my sister called me at home and said I was right about the UFO sighting and that she was reading the local newspaper that morning (Saturday) and it said that at least 100 people had called the police the night before saying that they had spotted a UFO. 1I wished that I had asked her to save a copy of that newspaper so that I could remember the exact date when this event occured.

I have never forgotten this event and I can still see it clearly in my minds eye. The impact of it has stayed with me for more than 40 years.
