{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-23 14:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518514","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/514/mufon-5518514.json","updb_database_id":5518514}
Large symmetrical silver/white/reflective oval object 2nd sighting in 3 months

5-23-2012 Clear day with no clouds in the area, wind is about 10mph from the NW and the time of the sighting was around 2:40pm in Roseville, CA. Oval silver/white object (same shape, color and size as sighting on 2/1/12 case number 35395) but this time it was traveling from a southwest direction to the northeast (more north than east). The oval object just seemed to appear out of nowhere all of a sudden in the sky (it just faded in from the background sky color). It was moving at a moderately steady speed about that as a normal commercial jet when all of a sudden it shot off at 1incredible speed1 in a perfectly straight line (as if it was fired out of a gun). The object maintained the same level altitude and direction until it was out sight. The object did not produce any contrail or sounds. Total time in my view was somewhere between 30 seconds to one minute before it was out of sight.

Disbelieving what I just saw I continued to watch the same area of the sky and about 5 to 10 minutes later the object returned but this time the object just appeared as if it 1blinked in1 (like someone turned on a light switch). Disbelieving what I was seeing again I lifted up my polarized sunglasses to maybe get a clearer view of the object but when I tilted up my sunglasses (never taking my eyes off the object) the object would seem to fade into the background sky color. I flipped my sunglasses up and down several times with the same result. With the glasses on I could see the object in the distance but with the sunglasses off the object would fade out into the sky colors and become nearly impossible to see. The oval object just hovered motionless in the same spot in the sky for about 30 seconds before it headed off at a very high rate of speed to the northeast (more east than north this time) until it was out of sight.

About 10 minutes later a large jet passed across my location at about the same altitude as the 1oval object1 was just seen at. I watched the jet until it reached just about the same distance away from me as the 1oval object1 and the jet was clearly producing a contrail behind it. At that range the jets wings, tail and the cigar shaped body were still 1clearly1 visible (The jet still looked 1clearly1 like a plane/jet) nothing like what the "oval object" looked like at that distance. The 1oval object1 viewed at the same range as the jet had no wings, no tail section, and it did not produce a contrail when it moved - it was just a symmetrical oval shape. I even flipped my polarized glasses up and down several times just like I did when viewing the "oval object" but with the jet it had no effect what so ever on my ability to see it clearly at that range.
