{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-29 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460514","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100693","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2464,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/514/mufon-5460514.json","updb_database_id":5460514}
Last night had a triangle shaped UFO with three lights go right over my head. It was silver and two lights were red the other one bright white. Absolu

Last night had a triangle shaped UFO with three lights go right over my head. It was silver and two lights were red the other one bright white. Absolutely no sound at all. Wasnt a plane ( not in a flight path) or a drone as it was HUGE. Watched it for a good 5 mins before it disappeared off into the distance; it came back in about half hours time again to just sit there in the sky. These lights/shapes I have been seeing for weeks here in the city. Just this morning I saw another one way up on the top of the hill.

Location:Dunedin city in the suburb of south dunedin/saint Kilda (I live on the border
.
I said triangle but the way it was flying it the bottom of the triangle was at the front with the two red lights and the tip of the triangle was at the back with the white light. If that makes sense.it was grey and smooth in appearance.
came from the north across from Dunedin harbour towards south side. Second sighting east to west flight path.

When it went past I swear it slowed down a bit as the way it was flying was very smooth with no sound at all. The lights flashed not at the same time but one would flash then the next and so on, so it would flash a circle of lights. I had to climb up on a vege box to see it go past my house as we have a fence that obstructs the view. It flew over another two suburbs as it went straight to the huge hill in saint Clair. Then it disappaeard. I went back inside to get another smoke (to settle myself) and sat outside on the fence. Something told me to look up again (this was after about 15-20min from other sighting) and it was back this time flying west to east direction towards the sea. I tried to video it but the video came out completely black just with audio.
