{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-08-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490514","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69068","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4215,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/514/mufon-5490514.json","updb_database_id":5490514}
{nd} Three triangular shaped objects fly toward us. Two of the objects fly off at right angles. One object flies directly overhead making no sound.

This was about 20 years ago; I was at my house in Beaver, Pennsylvania with a friend on a summer night 1995 (approximate date). Our other friend showed up at my house on his bike saying that he just saw some fire trucks with their lights on so we should go check it out. We jumped on our bikes and quickly rode towards our school near Gypsy Glenn road because that is where he last saw them going. We saw some lights that we thought could be the trucks way up on the hill but then they flew over the hill out of sight. We thought, "Oh it was just a plane" and turned around. We were half way across our practice soccer field when we turned around and rode back towards my house. We only made it to the parking lot/tennis court area when we stopped because there were 3 objects flying toward us in a formation. The objects had 3 white lights on them, which stayed constant, they did not blink. They were far off at that point, maybe 1 or 2 miles and first I thought maybe they were planes, but the lights seemed odd. They were also in formation, which was unusual. Then the 2 on the sides flew off at an incredibly high rate of speed in what had to have been a 90 degree angle, both going in opposite directions. That is when we became frozen and speechless out of fear and amazement. We knew we were really seeing something uncanny here. The object in the middle continued to fly directly at us, going at a slow rate of speed. Too slow to stay airborne I thought. Now we got a better look at the object. We could see that the 3 white lights were at each corner of the object, making a triangular shape. Really the 3 lights were all I could see, the object was so dark I could not make out the exact shape even as it flew overhead very low, only 50 to 100 feet. It continued overhead, not off to the left or right, directly over our heads. Today that is the fact that bothers me the most. Whatever it was had to have seen us, or was aware of our presence. Throughout the whole experience, even when it was directly above us, the objects made absolutely no sound. The object kept flying on the same path at the same speed over our school and over the hills out of sight. Now we began to talk again, yell actually as we were very excited, confused, and a little scared because we really did not know what we just witnessed. We know we all saw the same thing, and my two friends would corroborate my story if you were to ask them today. After it was gone we kept riding our bikes around my neighborhood there by the school with our eyes to the sky. There was a lot of air traffic that night, much more than usual, but none of those objects came anywhere near as close as the other 3. All the objects in the sky that night did appear to start going in the same direction, but I1m not able to say for certain which were planes and which were UFOs. I can say with 100% certainty that these 3 objects I just described were UFOs, as there is no object I am aware of that can fly with those varying speeds or fly that silently. Excited we finally rode back to my house where we told my Mother what we had just seen. She did not give it a second thought, dismissing it saying that it was a plane. I have talked about this event a lot over the years, but have never reported it officially. I will never forget it though, and I will never stop searching for answers. I think this is the right thing to do and I hope that my story is helpful in some way. Obviously, the truth is out there.
