{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488514","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71128","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9246,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/514/mufon-5488514.json","updb_database_id":5488514}
{nd} i & two othewrs observed an object off to the ne,e of the house. it hovered, flashing red, blue, green, an white lights. it was pretty close to us. i have seen many more than this one. this one appeared to be the closest. for wks i c em n the sky.l

my girl and i usually get home in the hours of 2am'4am. whenever i get home and get out the car, for some reason, i always look up to the stars and the moon. Since sometime last month i had started noticing these lights in the sky. it was really bothering me because to me, it seemed that they could not be stars. at times i saw 2-4 of these hovering in the sky, all a good distance apart. they hover there, flashing red, green, blue, and white lights. i was grwoing pretty concerned. 

i will be upfront and honest. i suffer from a mental disorder and have often, heard things that are not there. not seeing things. however, i began to think that possibly i had sincerely thought that perhaps i had lost my mid fully. i thought that maybe i could really be seeing UFOs. my mother has long been a believer and growing up, i was taught that we are not alone. i am not getting off subject, i just wanted to let you know how i was feeling at the time and that i do have an issue that some may use to dismiss what i have seen.

no, i wasnt losing my mind. one night, i could no longer takle it, after seeing these hovering objects, again. i finally told my girlfriend what i had been seeing something odd. i didnt tell her what, i just asked her to look in the sky and tell me what she saw. she told me that she sees stars twinkling. i asked, " twinkling or flashing?" i then asked her to grab the very awesome pair of hd binoculars that i had found to start to look up to the sky at the lights, if i had seen them again. indeed, that night i had, so i asked her to look through them and then tell me what she sees. She does. she begins to get a bit noticeably uncomfortable. she began to esdge towards the door. saying, ' cmon, we need to go to bed." i begged her, " please, tell me what you see!" she was hesistant to reply. she still replied, "stars, babe." i knew she had seen what i did but was too scared.

she is the tyope tat was raised that UFOs are complete science fiction. they dont exist nor do aliens. God created this Earth and all of us and that is the end. So, her parents raised her. 

now, the next few nights, every night when we would arrive homer around 2am or so, i would get out of the car and look ou....some nights i see them and some not. My girl, is starting to slowly beginning to say what she really does see. 

one night i had gone out to smoke and i looked to the North to see the brightest light in the absolute dark sky. it was different then the others. This one was more like an orb, bright but hovering, possibly moving slowly. This time, I was quick and aware enough to grab my ce;ll phone and start taking pics. I was able to only take pics that show a bright white orb off into te sky. i think you can plainly see that it is not a star nor an airplane. this object stayed pretty stationary, in one spot, just hovering.i was so taken by such excitement that i ran into the house and woke my mother up. she was more asleep than awake i think when she ran out, looked to the sky and quickly dismissed it as star that she had seen the morning prior around the same time, 4-5am. i told her no, tat thewre is no way that is a star. i got the pics to prove it, i hope.

now, one day, during the day...i was driving in the same area from the house. i looked to the sky(towards the East) and saw a bright shimmering object in the sky...it was moving so slowly that i went to grab my phone to take a pic and before i knew it there was a sudden bright flash, and it had to be pretty bright , considering the fact that it was a bright sunny day.,. but still i saw a flash of light and then the object was gone.. completely gone. i couldnt believe my eyes. i kept looking to the sky to try and find my object perhaps jut flying into another direction. however, none was seen. none at all. 

there were a couple of nights here and there where there wasnt anything out of the ordinary in the skies. things were seeming calm and i started t=o think that maybe that was all that we were going to see of these objects.

on a Monday afternoon myh mother came home to inform me that i was right at what i thought i witnessed in the sky the night that i awoke her. she said that she had wen to her class, a class that discusses aliens, healing light sources and i gues i broad span of new age ideas. i believe it may eve be the study of the Keys of Enoch. I have no clue what that is but it sounds like tats what she talks about, at times. she came to tell me that others n her class had seen the same object hovering in the sky. she told them how i had tried to tell her what it was but that since she had seen it the prior morning in the same spot, that she really thought it was just a star.

until this moment, i had started to really think about tings in the worl, galaxy...everything..i have been havin all these sorts of weird thoughts. its like i dont just think about this city, this state...this country..no i am thinking about this planet...all the planets...other universes and galaxies..other dimensions..other worlds...a lot of things that i had never gave much thought to. not like this., my brains has been on overdrive,lately. 

te next major sighting was one night, we had came home, late as usual...but much later than normal...it was about 3am. We both got out of the car and as usual, i looked up and i was bewildered. completely taken back...speechless....amazed..frightened...and just completely the most weird feeling that i have ever experienced in my life. there it was, a large object that was so close that i felt that i could possibly pick up a baseball and chuck it into the might sky and th i could posssibly hit the thing. it was the same as the others.it had those flashing lights. stayed in the same exact spot...it hovered,,,flashing and flashing those lights..i was so stunned i couldnt speak, my girl had to look up to the sky in the same direction to see what had me silenced. she was so astonished that it took her breath and words right out of her throat. i ran inside and upstairs to grab my hd binoculars and ran back out in a hurry, oh mygod this thing was insane. so close. so bright. i looked though the lenses of the binoculars and was further astonished. i was really seeing this object, i had a witness, she was seeing the exact thing i was...she was blown away..i was on the verge of tears. i felt so afraid and worried. i was also disappointment in a way...i had almost wanted to b just crazy and this stuff just be in my head. but there it was a hovering flashing "sign" that i was not just being crazy. that these things in the sky are real. they are here. i wanted to be wrong so bad, because all i can think about is why, why are they here? are they coming to rescue us from this hell we live in called home? are they planning an attack? are they here to warns us of some imminent danger that we are / why why why are they here? are we not being allowed to take notice to due to our government? what is going on? what is coming? how can we prepare?? i ran in to get my mother out of bed again. tis time she moved much faster and was ready to go outside. as we walked up to the front of the house, i could hear my girl, gagging and coughing.,.,as if she were about to vomit. i asked her if that is what it was and she said that it was it. she was scared and felt like vomiting, my mother bolted out the door and stood there in amazement as well. Bewildered. She stood there for a bit and took a few looks at it through the hd binoculars and then she just decided to go to bed all of a sudden. it was odd, i think my mother was afraid too. which i didnt understand considering she attends her class every month, so she should be used to these sort of sightings or talking but instead she retreated., she went to sleep. i however could not do such about such thigs, my brain was wired the whole might., my girl, well,she too took the sleeping as a defense and coping mechanism, and went fast to sleep..to avoid the thoughts swirling around in her head., i still was wonderin why why why??

the last sighting, as in until this moment, i saw the usuals, hovering, flashing blue, green, white, and red lights. my girl said that when she looked through the hds that she could see a triangular shape.they are usually off to the n, ne, nw,sw and there can be from 2-4 at one time, hovering from some distances.
