{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-14 21:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479514","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2955,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/514/mufon-5479514.json","updb_database_id":5479514}
I've filmed a video

I was invited on the eve of the Super Moon on 14:11:16 to a gathering of five people on the top roof of my friend1s flat at Ra'anana1 Israel for a spiritual process. At the beginning of the process, she asked us to 1take pictures1. For the first time ever, I took my cell phone camera and decided to film a video instead of pictures that I'm used to take. Suddenly a green rectangle appeared on the video.

My whole focus was on the green rectangle, (I was told later on, that it was probably mirroring of the light on the roof), that I did not notice at all what really happened during the shooting.

Everyone else was busy with listening to the host or taking pictures from other directions.
I was the only one shooting at that direction.
I filmed for 2.36 minutes and turned the camera off.
There was no other movement, noise or wind at that time.

After we finished the gathering, we all went home.
I arrived home around 23:10. 

I excitedly showed the video to my son, age 27. He noted that the green rectangle related to the fluorescent light, and immediately recognized the crazy flight that took place in the video and said: "Mom, leave the green rectangle, what is that?" and pointed to a bright spot that flew at top speed across the sky.

He took the video and slowed it down to one-tenth of the normal speed, and then we saw what it was. We both shouted "Wow, amazing, really ?!", we were extremely excited when we also zoomed in and saw the path of the object twists, flattens and then rises toward the sky and disappears. We could see it rotating with green and purple lights.

I took some snapshots from the video to make sure of what I was seeing. It certainly looks like a UFO to me.

During all that time, since I1ve arrived home, there were military helicopters flying forwards and backwards. I asked my son 1what1s happening?1 he replied that he has been hearing and seeing helicopters and airplane jets for about three hours, prior to my arrival. I looked outside the window and saw the military helicopters myself.

I would very much like your expert1s confirmation that the object is actually a UFO.

Waiting for your reply and approval.
Best regards and thanks.
