{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-08-01 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65761","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4215,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5493745.json","updb_database_id":5493745}
{rjl} Standoff type scenario when I spotted translucent 8 ft tall being at edge of river observing me

I was about 10 or 11 years old when I was with a friend in my backyard shooting at each other with air soft guns. My friend and I were about 50 yards from each other parallel to the rivers water line. We were roughly 30ft from the edge of the water. I was completely obsorbed into what I was doing at the time which was staying quiet and staying low while I listened for my friend to make any noise to give away his position. It was around 4 o'clock in the afternoon because we had left school not much earlier. As I was sitting there quietly waiting I heard some sticks crack and something move to the right of me. Looking anxiously for my friend to be creeping around for me I didn't see anything right away except for some brush and small branches from trees moving in a specific spot. At the time there was no wind and it was braud daylight. I saw a branch snap backward like it was caught on someone's clothing or extremities and that's when I saw it. Standing at around 8ft tall with an oval shaped head and what seemed to be joint that were backwards from human joints was a being that was completely translucent. It was difficult to make out at first but once I spotted it I could see everything. I was younger at the time and absolutely terrified and yelled out at it "freeze"! Pointing the air soft gun at the creature hoping I could make sure it didn't want to harm me or come near mer it turned from its path into the heavily wooded area it turned and stared directly at me in a bent kneed attack stance. At this point I was in complete shock and I think it knew that as much as I did and we continued to stare at each other. It made a series of several weird noises that I could not describe through text and made a couple of glances to its right at the heavily wooded tree line. It quickly returned to its original path and made a few quick strides toward the woods. Still stunned I watched it maneuver past a couple branches ducking and dodging its way through still able to visibly see it's clear holographic figure and then it completely dissapeared not because it was to deep into the woods but it must have been able to control how visible it was some way. Even though it was completely invisible at this point I could still see trees and branches moving and being rustled with as it made its way farther and farther until it was gone. I ran as fast as I could screaming in terror into my house explaining to my mom what I had saw with my friend fallowing not to far behind. Still to this day the kid I was with completely backs the encounter and my mother remember how frantic and terrified I was. The very scary fact of all of it is that after the incident took place I had no recollection of what happened after running inside my home at that time and still to this day. i never saw it again but did hear many many strange noises coming from outside often and another occurrence took place a couple years later where I witnessed a large black triangle ufo with three orange/red lights at each corner flying about 200ft above my house. It very slowly spinned while hovering with no noise above my home for about 3 to 4 minutes while my brother my friend and I watched and it then took off in an instant straight up at angle until all you could see was what appeared to be a star flicker out into blackness. Scary s***! If you have any information on the translucent being that I encountered please share your information because I still am absolutely infatuated with what it was I saw that day.
