{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5527745.json","updb_database_id":5527745}
Strange

I usually watch live cams on *(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg. You can find there many live cams from all over the world. I really enjoy watching them, especially the ones placed near Mount Fuji's. 
I know it sounds a little akward, but I noticed some strange "moves" in the sky two days ago, while watching a cam placed near MF, and I took some print screen pictures of these moves. Since I found two recent videos of "Ufos" over the same place, I thought that would be interesting if I could show you my print screen pictures.
It's important to clarify that I do believe in UFOs (not specifically ETs) but I've never really seen one (just some strange light I couldn't identify its origin) and I am very skeptical about videos on the internet. I am only doing this because I thought that MAYBE there might be something out there.
So, two days ago I was watching sunrise in Mount Fuji. It's a beautiful view, even though from a pc screen. I kept the firefox window open while I was doing some other things on the computer, then suddenly I noticed a white "ball" moving in the blue sky. It didn't look like a cloud or anything naturally from the landscape. This white ball appeared out of nowhere, it just popped out in the sky and started moving upwards just like a comet...It looks like there were smoke behind it, kind of leaving some trace behind it, actually. So it disappeared from the screen view, and I thought it was a natural phenomena. Then, some minutes later, 2 minutes I think, it happened again... The white "ball" appeared from the same spot in the sky, and started movind upwards just like a comet, and then disappeared from the screen view. I was chatting with my boyfriend at the same time I was watching it so I sent him the link of the MF's cam, so he could see the weird movement in the sky with me. He didn't really find it too special, but he couldn't figure out what it was, too... And then, 5 minutes after the second white "ball" disappeared, another white "ball" popped out in the sky, leaving the same tail. After that I didn't see anything again.
I think it's important to mention that there were people over the place near MF but they were not looking at the sky. 
Sorry if this sounds strange, I mean, seeing an object from a live cam... Maybe that can't even count as a real sightning, but I got really curious with this phenomena, and I would be happy to know what it was.
Here's the link of the live cam: **(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg).
I am sending you the print screen pictures. The first picture is a collage I made. The second picture is from the fist time the white ball appeared.
Thank you.
