{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-01-20 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111585","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2431,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5291745.json","updb_database_id":5291745}
I saw it moving slowly and steadily down a row of houses about 10 ft above their roofs. it was duly illuminating the roofs. It moved toward me,

I saw it moving slowly and steadily down a row of houses about 10 ft above their roofs. it was dully illuminating the roofs. It moved toward me, them turned to cross over the road in front of me. It's elevation didn't change. I thought it was a police helicopter looking for someone but only the bottom and what it was dully (odd weak and pale light that wasn't terribly bright and not necessarily weak). I remember continuing on the road to pass right under it that for a helicopter I couldn't hear anything and none of the ground vegetation moved despite it surely being hit by a downdraft. When I looked up I saw a big capital letter T "seam" that ran the distance of its "belly". My mind started to panick but I was going right under it. I noticed it was giving the ground a tinge of the odd light and the car and felt briefly weird and that was it. I couldn't see it anymore and never could really see anything but the bottom. I looked to the left and across from the median strip, moving in the other direction, was a guy behind the wheel of a car with his neck craned over the steering wheel and face up toward the windshield looking up - he saw it to. I remember arriving home being pumped on adrenaline wanting to wake everybody up and tell them about and go back. But I didn't. I never really told anybody maybe 1or 2 people and even then never in detail. I didn't want people to think I was nuts. A while back I had a major medical event and didn't want to pass without telling someone,...and the morphine,....well my world didn't fall in. And I suppose, if my experience could help anyone I'll tell it. I haven't turned into a crusader of ufo's or anything but what I saw was real.
