{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6607,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5489745.json","updb_database_id":5489745}
{jpg} abduction. Aliens seemed to know me and called me by name. I remembered them from before.

I was in bed. It was late. Two of my cats had decided, very unusually, to sleep tightly on either side of me.It's like they had an intuition that someone might try to take me away. I heard a very soft female voice, kind of metallic-sounding call my name. I said out loud "That sounds like someone said (my name). Then from ahead of me in my bedroom, a louder female voice said my name, then asked "Are you ready?" I said out loud "It must be the aliens." Then I said out loud "No, I'm afraid". (Apparently once they contacted me I had been aware on some level that I had met these aliens before, but I always thought it had been a dream, or I had forgotten.) But they came anyway. These women appeared in my bedroom. They wore what looked like white nurse uniforms with old-fashioned white nurse caps on, and they appeared to be dark haired and vaguely Asian human looking. I floated above the bed, and one of the nurses lay down between my cats where I was. The cats were apparently still asleep or immobile. The rest of the aliens who made themselves look like nurses, probably to lessen my fear, and I floated right through my bedroom wall. I think I was on a stretcher. I had some lost time, then I found myself walking with them inside a spaceship. I walked in a circle around a room in the ship. There were many aliens there,all appearing mostly human, who were looking at me. We stopped in front of a dark haired mostly human-looking man with long hair in little braids, like I used to wear my hair. He had light green skin and a large forehead but otherwise looked human. Suddenly my hair was in braids again and I laughed and said "I've got braids too."I felt friendly toward this alien man.I think they have the ability to take pictures out of your mind and make themselves and yourself appear different. Then more time was lost. When I woke, I was on a table with many of the nurses around it on both sides. There was a white balloon between my legs and off that end of the table the balloon was large. It felt like someone was having sex with me. When I saw the balloon I realized this was not a dream and that this must be an abduction experience.I think the male alien was inside the balloon, almost like a whole body condom. Afterward, I asked one of the nurses "What just happened?" She said "What did you want to happen?" I said I wanted a baby. She said you'll get your wish. I asked if humans would notice I was pregnant. She said no, except for Thursday. She said it's called The Great Stink and that my house would stink. I felt at ease with these aliens as if they were my friends and I'd known them a long time. I think the man with the braids was who impregnated me, but it was not his true appearance. I went through menopause 4 years ago but am on hormone replacement therapy. I never had a child, but I had a thought come into my head a few days previously that if there was a way to reverse menopause I wouldn't mind having a baby.In what I thought was a dream, once, aliens told me that I was the only human who was able to receive messages they sent telepathically, and that they sent ten to twenty a day, but that I only received a few of them. I think they put that thought into my head, that I wanted a baby.We talked some more then I blacked out, then I felt myself being lowered onto my bed, right between the still-sleeping cats. I rolled over and went to sleep and remembered everything in the morning. One month later, on August 16th, I saw a red laser beam light on the pillow next to mine. I trembled with fear and said no, please go away don't come. But after a few minutes of lost time, two alien women came into my bedroom. They walked through the outside door, just through it. When they showed up I felt no fear and felt they were my friends that I already knew. They said they were here to give me an exam. This time they did not try to hide their appearance. One was a grey alien and one looked almost human but she had larger than normal eyes and a high forehead. They put a rubber tube around my left arm and asked if I'd been taking vitamins and hadn't taken any "anesthesias" I think they meant drugs. I said yes I'd followed their instructions. I asked the human-looking one if she was 3/4 human and 1/4 alien and she said yes, 3/4 white. I asked if that's what the baby would be and she said yes. I said "I like that look it's very attractive." They were very friendly to me and after a few minutes, they noticed me looking at the grey alien a little bit afraid and suddenly they appeared to be wearing hoodies. I must confess that after the first remembered abduction I had read on the internet that the grey aliens were doing a breeding program and hybrids were supposed to seed the Earth soon. I had asked them does this mean they were able to reverse menopause and they didn't answer. There are other details but I'm getting tired of typing and I'm not sure I haven't said too much already. I have had some signs of pregnancy but so far no positive pregnancy test. I want to get an ultrasound but my doctor would think I was crazy if I asked. Can MUFON help me get an ultrasound? I would be 5-6 weeks pregnant now and according to the internet they come for the fetus after 9 to 11 weeks and implant it in a female hybrid. I want proof that I'm pregnant and they are going to show me the baby after it is born but I want proof that this isn't just me imagining the whole thing. Please contact me. I just woke from a nightmare that government agents were coming to talk to me and that they may not like the aliens. I want to stress that I'm always terrified at first of the aliens, but that after they show up I'm at ease and that they've always been very kind to me and friendly. I like them and I think they are benevolent and only want to help mankind and at the same time save their dying race so hybrids are a great solution.Please contact me soon.
