{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-28 23:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98224","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2703,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5462745.json","updb_database_id":5462745}
{tjd} A multi color changing sphere of light

My mother was visiting for my sister's graduation. My father and sister had taken a trip to Rome, Italy, for her graduation present, whilst my mom stayed with me at my Dad's house for a week or so. One of the day's we had gone grocery shopping, and on the return trip, I had told her that the weather was exceptionally nice out, and that I felt that there was going to be UFO activity later on that night. After having dinner and watching some television, I told my mom that we should go outside and look at the sky. It was a very clear night, absolutely no clouds, very little light pollution, many stars and constellations visible. My mom and I had started out in the front yard, walking on the grass, slowly making our way to the cul-de-sac. As I started to become discouraged for not seeing anything, I looked to the north and saw what I thought was a planes bright headlights and immediately dismissed it as a plane, when my mom turned towards and pointed at it and said my name with a questioning of what it was. As I looked back at the light, I began to tell her it was only a plane but didn't finish my sentence, as the light had rapidly started to descend and expand to possibly five, maybe ten times it's original size. I then took out my phone, and started to record the very short 26 seconds of video. When I started recording, the multi-color changing sphere of light was coming south towards us from the north, and had then taken a 90 degree sharp turn heading towards the lake (east). We then followed it to the backyard before disappearing, it started to repeatedly blank out, before dissipating in thin air. As we then were in the backyard, I started to point out to my mother what seemed to be stationary stars, starting to move out of place, across the whole sky. After witnessing several more of these, the activity came to an end, on the account what seemed to be military planes started to come in to the area, flying around the lake.
