{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-24 23:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5510745.json","updb_database_id":5510745}
Plasmatic orblike UFO and a chasing fox during the beam of a spotlight

I was out for a walk with a good friend of mine. We1re walking, talking and drinking one beer. We felt good and the weather was atmospheric. There were just a few clouds in the star-bright night sky. We were walking around the Spreehafen in Hamburg and at 23:00(approx.) a big and stationary spotlight appeared. My friend had seen this light before but we don't know where it comes from and why it is there. But it1s a big city with a huge harbour so there1s nothing to worry about. 

We were looking at the nearly full moon and talked about it. We lowered our sights at the same time and witnessed a strange phenomenon:
A light in an oval or orblike shape appeared in the sky and flew for about a second in a continous straght line. Its consistent and in comparison to the assumed altitude of 1000 ft/300 m slow speed could only be compared to a model aircraft. It had a flightangle of approx. 200 degrees in comparioson to the horizon and flew into the north. We both have interpreted this as a slightly shape changing but defined Orb in a distance and altitude of ~1000 ft(when I1m looking at a map the distace could have been much further afar). It was looking as if it wasn1t in a relation with its environment unlike all these things that the public knows. It was more plasmatic and had no noise emissions. The strangest thing is that we were walking side by side and saw different colours. For me it was like a fireball and golden-yellow (homogenous, intense) but it definately had no tail or other outputs except light in its defined but not fixed shape. For her it was metallic white-blue. It disappeared without any interactions with its environment like it only had put its light off.

I don1t think that it was illuminated by the spotlight but I have not checked this possibility at the time.

I was more excited because I1m in the UFO and paranormal Phenomenon topics for a longer time. Nevertheless we continued our walk because we could not find anymore evidences for another sighting.

While we were looking into the moon again and talking about a hypotetical relation to the sighting I1ve turned around. Wtf there was a fox chasing us in 30 ft/~10 m distance. It was looking at us four times while holding the distance. I heared a crowd of three random people coming towards us on the other side of the dike, so I went nearer to the fox to film it with my mobilephone because the fox would go away anyway at least when the noisy crowd is near enough. And so it happened. All in all the fox made a little confused but curious impression. I1ve never heard of a fox chasing people in a industry and harbour /ghetto area... But there are many ducks to hunt.

The big spotlight with its source somewhere in the center of Hamburg, maybe HafenCity, turned off a few minutes after we1ve seen the UFO and the fox.

We were excited and looked at the moon again at various times but there were no more incidents except some normal drunken or drugged people. I1ve taken a photo of the spotlight and filmed the fox after I had time to grab my cellphone and make it film. The UFOs presence was way too short for a documentation.

I don't know what this ufo was or if it could have been an astronomic event (nothing had impact on its brightness and homogeneity!). Maybe it1s a weather phenomenon i don1t know. It was a strong wish of mine to see something unexplainable at some time. Now I1m encouraged to continue my way with interesting phenomena and the search for the truth that lies behind our systems. I1ve got a strange feelingmixture of sobriety and immediacy that lasts at least until now. Peace
