{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33273","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6157,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5522745.json","updb_database_id":5522745}
Was looking at stars, and thought these were stars, until they started slowly moving.

Last night, after dinner, and after errands, I was out on my back porch having a cigarette. As I looked at the stars, there was a pattern of two stars fairly close to each other. These were almost above me. However, looking towards the west, I then made out after a minute, two star-like objects. They were in space as much as I could see (not in our atmosphere) or way high up. I thought they were stars, until they began to slowly move. The coloration of these objects was a faint white. The object on the left gave off a more distinct white color. Neither was flashing. I observed these two UFOs slowly move to the south-southeast over a period of 1-5 minutes. At the time, I thought "geez, I must be tripping/hallucinating again". Maybe my vision copied and transposed these objects farther out to the west. But, again, I was totally sober. I had taken benadryl for allergies hours earlier. But by this time, I had come down off of that drug. 
These lights were not bright or pulsating. They just suddenly appeared in the horizon. They were smaller than what I saw last June flashing across the sky. Odd things is they looked like stars, and after viewing these objects for about 3-5 minutes I would say, I lost sight of them. They were off to the far west, and by that I mean either over Marin County, or over the Pacific Ocean. While I have seen strange things, I wondered how valid these observations were. 
Also, 1-2 nights ago, I did see a yellow comet like figure appear on the western horizon. This suddenly appeared, and flashed downward on the west horizon at the speed of light (light speed or faster). I was later told it could have been an asteroid or part of an asteroid by my parents. That helped to explain that. I have also (since moving up here in July) seen objects that hovered and were stationary and looked like satellites. This would occur also when larger aircraft were present. Many of these aircraft had multiple colors and flashed brightly while going in a straight line. On one occasion though, I went back outside on the porch, and one of these satellite figures that was clearly there 20 minutes previous, had disappeared. About these aircraft, most are probably legitimate. But...they have strange characteristics sometimes. Mostly the light patterns go like this: there are bright white flashes on both sides of the craft. They seem to project far out to both sides of the aircraft. These are then followed by green and red lights flashing very brightly in the sky. At times, the crafts seem to be longer, and the main flashing on these are a dark red, pulsating across the first 3/4 of the crafts. Indeed they have seemed to be very large aircraft. I would estimate these crafts to be at least 10,000-20,000 feet up in the sky. 
At times, during seeing these crafts and afterwards, there have also been large helicopters. The helicopter typed crafts have very bright large white lights, then these turn off and are blinking red. Also, have to say, that at times, during these encounters, I have lost track of time. There has been multiple accounts in my experiences of missing time. On the most recent time that happened, I was watching a peculiar film titled "Anunnaki:Don't Watch This Film". 
Needless to say this peaked my curiosity, and I watched it. I would put that time at around 10:30 to 11 pm. On that same night, I watched (on youtube.com) many informational sessions about the CIA and Facebook datamining, different types of aliens, including Pleidians, Greys, Reptilians, etc.. Next thing I knew, it was about 1:48 am in the morning. I had been here in my apt., yet I have little recollection of what happened during those three hours. All I could remember was watching the first film I told you about. 
Stranger still: If that was not weird enough, I became very anxious after this episode of missing time. I do have a mental condition of anxiety and some doctors have said schizoaffective disorder. But I had not experienced a genuine fear of leaving my place for the most part. This got quite severe after that episode, and my doctor had to increase my dosage of clonazepam. 
OK, another thing that keeps happening: I look at the clocks in my apt., and many times I have experienced the clocks saying "3:33 pm, or 1:11 am" and at these times, the numbers are all odd, and the SAME FREAKING NUMBER. What the hell is up with this? This does not make sense to me. Yet I do believe that these beings have some connection to me. The UFO sightings, mssing time, and strange conditions have followed me for my whole life. 

Months ago I talked to a researcher that followed up on my case. He was from the Sacramento Area, although I do not recall his name. I think more than anything we were able to discuss the sighting on 6/13/11 and confirm how fast the object was going. I tried to e-mail him re: the missing time episode (which happened about 2 weeks to one month ago). I did not get a response. 
More than anything I need explanations and to talk to people who have experienced these things. I have great vision (20/13 or better), and while I could be hallucinating, I don't believe this to be the case. I believe these objects are real. And for whatever reason, I am seeing them. I am becoming open to the idea of ETs visiting me. I am trying to overcome my fear of them, and learn and research them. It is poss. we have some kind of link. That is all I have to say at this point.

[Name removed/cms/tg]
