{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-09-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59387","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5029,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5499745.json","updb_database_id":5499745}
{jd} Saw Light in sky approaching the river

It was in the fall(as best I can recall) between 1971 and 1976, At the time my Mother took it quite seriously, but with no response to her attempts to contact some type of authorities, it dissolved into my past. I have never forgotten the incident, and until recently, have not shared my experience, for fear of ridicule. On the night it happened, it was approximately 8:30-9:30 PM, it was in the fall, because we had the windows up to brace from the cold. We were returning from my Grandparents Farm in Independence KY, traveling east on Columbia Parkway, we had just crossed North, over the Ohio River, and turned East onto the Parkway, as we turned right/East exiting the Bridge, I noticed an unusual light in the sky to the West. I continued to watch it as we traveled East on the Parkway, it seemed to be following the path of the river, moving slowly over the Northern Ky, shoreline. It got closer and I pointed it out to my Brothers-(one 5 years younger, one, one year older), and sister(one year younger),I was between 7-12, as we watched it, it changed colors several times-(I was sure it was not an airplane because it was too slow, and at the close distance would have over-taken us, not a Helicopter, because it was without sound-(we had by now rolled down the windows to watch it). By now my Mother had also noticed it, as we became parallel with it as we drove, she then pulled over so we could get a better look. I did notice as we stopped, several other cars were also stopped along the Parkway watching it also. When we got out of the car, it seemed to have slowed quite a bit, by now it was almost hovering, we were at the side of the road,(right), in the eastbound lanes, the parkway is situated about 100 feet above the river, on the hillside, the object was directly above the river, maybe 500 ft. over the water, and the same distance from us (500ft). It had no sound, and my mother said it was a blimp, but the shape was such, that it couldn't be, it was almost rectangular, but had sharp edges to the outside of it, more resembling a building of sorts, and it was, judging from the distance, approximately, 150-200ft in length, on the bottom "layer", and 200-240 feet in length on the second layer, the top was hard to judge, and seemed to change shape, the center had what appeared to be windows running half the length of the ship, starting at 30 feet from the front, and ending 30 feet from the end, centered on the object, they were the height of the center "deck". At first they were illuminated in blue light, after a few minutes, they went dark-or shadowed, at that time, we could clearly see there was what appeared to be "people" moving around in the windows, at this time it was stationary over the river, and changed colors several times, it also appeared to change the shape of the exterior somewhat as the lights changed. It was a VERY CLEAR with, no clouds, and it was about 100 yards to east of us , still at 500 feet above the river, by now there was at least 4 other cars along the eastbound side of the road also watching it, the size was immense, I thought to look down, to find an object to compare it to, there were no buildings in the area, but there was a barge (single one) being pushed west on the river slightly past the object, the object at that distance was at least 3 times its length, the barge being about 80-100ft. It moved very slowly, on a north-easterly path, seeming to follow the curvature of the river, this too 20-30 minutes as we watched, when it was about 1/2 mile away, it changed direction to a more Northerly path, and continued North-east until it went over the hills behind us and out of sight. I have never forgotten this, and seeing recent sightings reported, and being of an age now that I no longer care what people think, I hoped more people would recall, or reported it then, I was too young to make a report myself, and my Mother lost interest, (as far as I can recall). One more thing, My youngest brother recently told me he has "time Loss" in his memory of the event-I don't recall anything like that-it just increased my interest in the event, having read other peoples stories. I intent to speak with my Family at length, and gather all the information I can, at this time I was hoping there might be another report form that time frame, so I can pinpoint the date, and find more information on the incident.
