{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-04 23:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5486745.json","updb_database_id":5486745}
{nd} Two orange lights observed near Bridgewater, MA

On the evening of 4 December 2015, at approximately 1135hrs, I observed two very bright lights near Highway 24 and Interstate 495 in Plymouth/Bristol County, MA. The lights were in the sky to the south and southwest. I was closer to Bridgewater at the time, but the lights appeared to be in the direction of Taunton, MA. The sky was clear and I could observe stars in the night sky. I first noticed the lights as I was about to take the exit to Highway 24 North from I-495. Both lights were orange in color, similar to the color of the flame from a lighter. The lights were larger than what a planet or star typically looks like in the sky and did not appear to be moving. I would estimate their size to be about the size of a number 2 pencil eraser. One light was approximately 451 from the horizon and the other light appeared to be approximately 301 from the horizon. I had no frame of reference to judge the distance from me or the true distance between each light. From my point of view, the lights appeared to be about 2 to 3 inches from each other. The lights were not blinking and had not other color flashing lights around them. My first thought was the lights were aircraft on approach into Boston Logan International. I did observe an aircraft with strobe lights, nav lights, and landing lights in the area. The two lights and the aircraft were not comparable in appearance or action(movement). The two lights did not look like typical aircraft. I continued to observe the lights as I made the exit and continued around the exit ramp to Highway 24 north. The lights did not appear to be moving. While I had no fixed point of reference, I could tell the aircraft I observed in the area was moving. At that point, I looked for street lights around the highway exit and did not notice any that would appear that high in the sky. Once I was on 24, I could still see the lights behind me and to my left. I was able to see the objects until I exited the highway about 2 miles up the road. The entire incident was approximately 2 minutes in total. I thought perhaps I had observed planets or stars that appeared brighter than normal, but tonight (5 December 15) I was traveling the same route with very similar sky conditions and did not observe any star or other lights in that part of the sky. I attached a few maps with the location/direction the lights appeared to be and marked the location with a drop pin. I was traveling east on I495 and then north on Highway 24. I did not attempt to photograph the lights.
