{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-10 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106867","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3151,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5454745.json","updb_database_id":5454745}
Many lights of varying brightness and speeds travelling west to east over Manitoba Interlake region

I let my cat out onto west facing deck at 8:45 pm, March 10th. Something moving in the sky caught my eye. I looked up and first saw 4 large lights travelling west to east in perfect formation one behind the other in a slight arc, with concise space between them. Shocked, I yelled out for my husband to come see it. As I waited for him, I searched the whole sky and saw numerous lights, bright, some dimmer, travelling swiftly west to east. My husband and I went onto the deck, watching countless lights coming rapidly over our property. We would watch some from the west deck, run through our house to the east deck, all the while watching the lights going over and fading into the east sky, towards an incredibly red bright full moon. So many lights kept coming, no end it seemed. He got the binoculars and watched one light advancing on another, he said, as though trying to pass it. But it backed off and continued trailing behind. I saw some lights were travelling side by side. Others in a perfect straight line, one behind the other. I got my phone and started taking photos. I only captured two lights, one in each photo. But in three other photos, when moving them slowly right to left, there is very strange things beyond explanation. The lights slowly began to thin out, seeming smaller, dimmer, slower in motion. Afterwards, the odd one would come along. At about 10 pm I was worn out. I went upstairs to bed. My husband remained downstairs and continued to watch the sky. Neither one of us slept much that night, even though feeling tired and the fact I had a cold. The following night of March 11, around 9:30 pm, there were lights again but moving more northerly, and their numbers were sparse. We continue to wish for an explanation to this monumental sighting that leaves us very perplexed, concerned, and frankly on edge.
