{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-25 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2923,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5500745.json","updb_database_id":5500745}
{rjl} Large and optically transparent

I took these two pictures on August 25, 2011 as I happened to be driving
past the Gadsden Regional Airport in North East Alabama. I hadn't seen the 
Goodyear blimp around
the area for a few years, so I pulled into the airport accesss road and took
these two pictures. At the time I didn't realize that I had a little more
in the pictures than the blimp. To the left of the blimp in the pictures is 
some kind of machine thats digging a hole in the ground. I've never seen any
kind of industrial diqqing equipment that looks like this thing. They had been
installing the stuff out there at the airport to upgrade the airport for 
instrument only landings for heavy fog or at night. What's more interesting is
that there is something in one of the frames that's deflecting the dirt, like
it's hitting some kind of large solid object, that is apparently invisible. 
I took the two blimp pictures with my 2 megapixel samsung cell phone camera at
highest resolution. The blimp was in town for a few days because it was dodging
a possible problem with hurricane Irene, I think. It was supposed to be in Martinsville,
TN. to cover the NASCAR race that weekend but ended up here instead. The 
hurricane missed Martinsville and the blimp left town the next day. Gadsden
has a large Goodyear plant where they used to hanger the blimps and do reasearch,
so the blimps still end up visiting here from time to time. 
I thought about this for a while and tried to figure some connection to Fyffe
AL. which is about 40 miles due north of here. The best thing I could come
up with is that both towns are about on the 86 degree of longitude west. If we
run that all the way around the world to the south we find that the line runs
through Honduras and Nicaragua, across the top of the Vinson Massif in 
Antarctica, and straight into Burma a little ways east of Rangoon. From there
it continues up over the Eastern Himalayas into China and the Soviet Union. 
That's about all for these pictures. Thanks for being a public access
information resource.
