{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-26 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502745","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2403,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/745/mufon-5502745.json","updb_database_id":5502745}
{cak} it was a huge triangle shape with a round red glow at a dead silent movement about 200 250 ft. directly above me i view it untill it passed over

It was about 3am or 3:30 I left my house by way of walking to get a cigeriate at friends house about 5 blocks out of my neighborhood. A total of 
8 blocks counting 3 blocks out Montalvin Manor my neighborhood.It was the first block out the neighbor hood on San Pablo ave in which I remember I couldn't see the stars but what was obvious was directly above me may partially because its huge dark triangular massive size had a RED round glow in the center of it something also made me feel it new I was watching almost as if it wanted me to witness it. My first thought was to stop walking clear my eyes and be as silent as possible for the not because I was scared but because i wanted to hear something from it. Even as huge and slow as it was going, it was silent. I new exactly what I was witnessing.I never once let my eyes go from the object looking until it stayed on its path going north east slowly disappearing over the next neighborhood homes.It was as big as a football field at least. The moment I lost complete view, from the U.F.O I told myself WOW I was so pleased to actually have witness such a site. I then turned a complete 360 degree circle in the middle of the avenue hopping  I was not the only witness but it seemed only for my viewing. I new it was going to be hard to convince any others but even explaining and showing with the hair standing on my arms what I no I clearly seen I was told I'm crazy.  It's Been well over a year but thanks to finally talking to one of my uncle's who also had clear sightings I recently talked with and both shared I thought to share my experience with you, mufon it was a genuine clear U.F.O. sighting.
