{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T03:06:23Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 14012937, "source_ctime_ns": 1788450198110929527, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/733667/733667-001-008.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785567333720000000, "source_rel": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/733667/733667-001-008.pdf", "source_sha256": "0448c1217f95ffdd2e1fcdf1c7cebf84dc9165052756663310f4ea2874530dd5"}

RECORD OF INTERVIEW WITH JAL CAPTAIN

Richard Gordon, Manager, FSD0-63
Kenju Terauchi, Captain, JAL
Frank Fujii, Interpretor, JAL
Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Airways Facilities
Mr . Shinbashi, Station Manager

On January 2, 1987, Inspector Richard 0. Gordon, FSD0-63, and Japanese
Interpertor Sayoko Mimoto, FAA Airways Facilities, interviewed JAL
Captain Kenju Terauchi at JAL Operations, Anchorage, Alaska. The interview
was conducted for the purpose of gathering first-hand witness testimony with
regard to a sighting on November 17, 1986, by Captain Terauchi and his crew of
an unidentified flying object. The following text is a record of t he
interview :

R. Gordon     Think what I'm going to . . •

Garbled

R. Gordon     I have a, oh, a few questions here, and I'll be glad to let you
              read them and it's just some clarification because I didn't do
              it, but one of the people that work for me, I'm the office
              manager over here at the FSDO, the Flight Standards Office. And
              Jack Wright, one of my people came over and met with the Captain
              the first night • • .

K. Terauchi   Oh yeah.

R~   Gordon   Jack Wright gave you his card . • •

K. Terauchi   Yeah.

R. Gordon     Well then that's what Jack wrote down here. Well when they came
              I was out of town, I was in Washington DC, but when I came back,
              then I asked a couple questions and then the Administrator is
              asking some questions and I said, well we don't know we didn't
              ask that, so they gave me that list of questions right there, and
              we'll just address them along the way and then talk about them.

K. Terauchi   Okay.

R. Gordon     And it's almost reiterating what we've been through already on
              this thing.

K. Terauchi   Sometimes, sometimes.

F . Fujii     Reiterating questions, but, was this the first experience,
              Captain?

K. Terauchi   No, third time .

R. Gordon     This is the third time that ah that you've seen, where, in the
              same area or . • •


                                          1
K. Terauchi   No, no, no . • . um, ah I saw, um, mothership.   Taipai, Kushung,
              Formosa, south of Formosa.

R. Gordon     Around, near Formosa.

K. Terauchi   Yeah ah no

F. Fujii      This Tiapai mainland China

R. Gordon     Uh uh

K. Terauchi   And Taipai, Kushung is here, so ah this cargo flight ah I took
              off ah 2 am midnight, after midnight, after takeoff. When we
              start climb we saw left-hand side big mothership, but ah • . • it
              was so wierd, I ignored it (did not look).

F. Fujii      Cause he wasn't feeling well • . .

R. Gordon     No I can understand that, but that was the first time?

K. Terauchi   Big Ship - yes and the second time ah, the, in my home I saw a
              sky clear daytime; ah, we can, we saw bright lights, I guess
              maybe ah 10,000 feet so ah . • . the light continued for about
              ten minutes.

F. Fujii      The light continued for about ten minut~s, so ah disappeared
              suddenly.

K. Terauchi   It's ah I guess this one.

R. Gordon     Okay now this one you saw off mainland China what timeframe did
              that happen, when did that happen?

F. Fujii      What - time was it?

K. Terauchi   2 am

R. Gordon     When last month

              Interruption

R. Gordon     Okay, excuse me one moment, but ah • • • Okay Frank I was trying
              to figure out that first sighting last year or this year

K. Terauchi   Five years ago

R. Gordon     Oh five years ago, just trying to get the timeframe that we
              sighted these things ah, the next one was that we wanted to talk
              about •

F. Fujii      Was it the first experience for the crew members?


                                          2
R. Gordon      First time for t he other crew me mbers, okay that's fine.

K. Terauchi    I think it was the first time.

F . Fujii      Who was the first person who saw it?

K. Terauchi    It was me.    I   saw it in   - inside.
F. Fujii       What did you notice at first?

K. Te rauchi   During first time we saw light, I think a navigation light.

R. Gordon      Ah ha, but you saw it visually first you didn't pick it up on
               r a dar or anything you just saw some light out there, okay and
               that really coinsides with the air traffic statement, you called
               and said do you have any traffic in my area

K. Terauchi    Yeah, yeah before, before, about six minutes before I saw this
               one so ah • . •

R. Gordon      You were watching him for about five or six minutes before you
               called •

K. Terauchi    Before I contact Anchorage Center

R. Gordon      Ah ah, okay

F . Fujii      Okay fourth question, what did you see exactly shape, light, and
               all, the shape, lighting, etc.

R. Gordon      Well if you can just explain these to me cause it looks like
               you've done alot of drawing here so it's not necessary for you to
               redraw all this stuff

K. Terauchi    This light was amber and whitish, but, when it came to here it
               wa s only amber •    white light. Why don't I understand.
               (Japanese) right

F . Fujii      First of all it's like amber and whitish color, came closely it
               seems like all the output exhaust position of the jets, all these
               Challenger

R. Gordon      Look like something like after burners • • • okay okay, like each
               one of these was an individual exhaust

?              Yes

R. Gordon      Okay

K. Terauchi    So this light is special like (Japanese) when ah Challenger, yes
& F . Fujii    like Challenger took off amount of flame going on, we can't see
               Challenger by this flame


                                              3
R. Gordon     Okay, yes

K. Terauchi   But this one is nozzle direction (Japanese)(garbled) we couldn't
              see this light this direction we could see big flame

R. Gordon     Maybe we're saying then if you're looking at the back of it and
              then when it turns sideways this doesn't show. Okay I
              understand.

F. Fujii      From the forward you could see the flame and the exhaust and
              flame were surrounding it.

R. Gordon     Okay

F. Fujii      So maybe ah, I - I think ah, um exhaust started (garbled)

R. Gordon     Being okay these things here, maybe being each one of these
              things here, so these were maybe stacked, in otherwards if you
              were looking at the top view down, you would just see one if you
              come around here you would see all of those lights. Okay yeah

K. Terauchi   So if they moved up or I guess this ah exhaust moved to ah, this
              way down so finally five years ago I saw the rocket.

R. Gordon     Maybe that would account for that bright light he saw five years
              ago. In otherwords if these turned down you couldn't see them
              and then when it looked like it moved over here some over here
              turned up and then you could see them where it looked like it
              moved over there? So you're saying •

K. Terauchi   Anyway a h (Japanese) right (Japanese) • • • Talk to me • . •
              Could not see but only here and here • • • and this, here, dark
              area, I saw sparks, like fire. When using gasoline or carbon
              fuel. You can see a great big flame, but I could not see (flame)
              a t all in this angle, although there was a big blast.

F. Fujii      Seems like it's really high technology because you can't see
              anything over here unless it's spinning rotation.

R. Gordon     Yeah, okay, yeah, somebody said sometimes the sparks kick over
              into that and you could see the exhaust, now with ah that in mind
              this other picture you have here, where would this be on this
              thing captain?

F. Fujii      Wha t you're asking hi m where this (garbled) • • •

K. Terauchi   Quite different, this is just small space ship, this one size of
              carrier, two times carrier so mothership, so ah after they flew
              with us three ah five minutes like home mission, then move to a
              mothership. So t hen I found mothership light, but this is not
              llght, al l engine, because ah we have contact seven or e ight mile
              here, so we saw this first lights, s o um after light contact a h
              they move behind so we saw this pairs of light, so we saw this
              light same size, this one, same size.


                                        4
R. Gordon       Same distance apart       Now do you think that was just the
                mothership and then these little things were • • •

K. Terauchi     But, yes, that right

R. Gordon       I mean they were moving along, at that time where were these
                lights, captain?

F. Fujii        (Japanese) disappear

R. Gordon       Okay, okay

K. Terauchi     Then we find this light, so I think this one is light, but I
                think now this is engine, so ah, same type of engine, the same
                logic • • • the same type of engine. This one and this one, the
                same logic, this point and this point are the same just bigger i n
                size. This is the small one so it looked like this, but the
                bigger one, I could not see but only here, small size, big size,
                same technology. Yeah

R. Gordon       Oh, oh

F. Fujii        The mothership seems like it, he said that, this, this, same
                technology, type of engine

R. Gordon       Well they're alot, much larger.

K. Terauchi     Yes, much larger •

R. Gordon       So this right here would be ah, sit ting . • .

S. Mimoto       No, this light is sitting here

K. Terauchi     Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah • • •

R. Gordon                Only much larger (garbled)

K. Te r auchi   Yeah much larger, much power. But, this color is whi te uh • • •
                it's ah um dark white pole • • • weak light . • •
                (unintelligible)

R. Gordon       Maybe because it's so much bigger.

K. Terauc hi    Yea h

R. Gordon       Now this distance, now you were speaking of these were fairly
                close uh?

K. Te r auchi   Hum uh, ah distances is ah, ah, not this, this one a h, 500, a h
                betwe en 500 and 1,000 f ee t.

R. Gordon       Oka y , out from you, and then i t took off and we nt out here and
                maybe this is, ah, you said five to seven miles or somethihg on
                the r a dar.

                                            5
K. Terauchi   A no, seven, seven or eight miles.

R. Gordon     Okay seven or eight miles, that's what they were saying on the
              radar.

K. Terauchi   Yeah, this later, so we saw about seven or eight miles . . .

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   And, 60 degrees left . • .

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   So out in here small ship is disappear.

R. Gordon     Okay, I understand, now lets (unintelligible) what else, see if I
              forget anything, visual was a first, what, you showed me exactly
              what you saw. Visually sighting, you saw it first uh?

K. Terauchi   First

R. Gordon     Okay

F. Fujii      And (unintelligible) probably how long had you contacted the
              target.

R. Gordon     No that's what we were saying, five to six minutes before you
              called ATC.

K. Terauchi   Ye~h,   yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's right.

R. Gordon     Okay, did the other crew have trouble sighting the object?

F. Fujii      Did the rest of the crew see the lights?

K. Terauchi   (More Japanese) So I tried to fix it, but I ah, failed.

              Laughter

K. Terauchi   Just, shutter was open, did not close, so • • •

F. Fujii      Yes every crew has seen it.

R. Gordon     Okay all the crew members they did see it. Okay.      Laughter • . .
              Yeah that's what I would do (more laughter)

F. Fujii      What type of onboard radar?

R. Gordon     Yeah, what type of radar was onboard, that ah ?

K. Terauchi   It was the kind, ditigal, but I don not know.


                                         6
R. Gordon      Digital color?

K. Terauchi    Yes colored, digital

R. Gordon      Okay, fine, yeah, that's all we need! I don't need to know
               numbers. Ah did the target appear on the radar as unusual or; or
               solid target or intermitt . • •

F. Fujii       Was it clear?

K. Terauchi    Clearly, clearly

R. Gordon      Very clearly

K. Terauchi    But, ah, ah, strong, ah return signal is strong in case of a
               storm, show ah red, and next yellow.

R. Gordon      Okay

?              The, but weak is green   ...
R. Gordon      Right.

K. Terauchi    So ah is green light.

R. Gordon      It showed green    ...
K. Terauchi    Green

R. Gordon      Okay, yeah, that's, that's where even some of the stuff could get
               through it, like when you take a picture of a cloud on the
               radar •

K. Terauchi    Oh yeah •

R. Gordon      If it's green, but if it's got heavy rain in it or thunderstorm
               in it then it shows red • • •

K. Terauchi    Yes, yes

R. Gordon      So it's light green, maybe the waves can go through this thing.
               Okay so it showed green on the radar, on the color radar.

F. Fujii       When did you pick it up, the radar?

K. Terauchi    Time?    Time?

F. Fujii       Time, is it by time, when?

R. Gordon      Oh after, how long after you saw it with your eyes did you pick
               it up on the radar?

K. Tera uchi   Okay ah, um seven minutes , five minute, makes it twelve minutes,
               so, ah, fifteen minutes after contact.


                                         7
R. Gordon     Fifteen minutes after you visually contacted it, okay, okay.

K. Terauchi   Yeah, fifteen minutes        • when ah • • •

R. Gordon     See, it just says did you paint anything that's did you see
              anything else on the radar, weather or anything else • • •

K. Terauchi   No, no, nothing.

R. Gordon     Just that target

K. Terauchi   Yeah, yes, yes.

R. Gordon     Okay, okay          The only thing we saw on the radar then was that
              target

F. Fujii      How about the aircraft, any turbulence?

K. Terauchi   No, ah, no

R. Gordon     No, no turbulence, no turbulence at all, okay.     Autopilot stayed
              on all the time.

K. Terauchi   Yeah •

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   Working good

R. Gordon     Good, (laughter)

F. Fujii      Now how about communications, naviagion, or interferring of any
              sort • • • ?

K. Terauchi   This ah small aircraft near the here, so ah all the way VHF
              transmit on (unintelligible) with ah some we got a like some kind
              of . • • like ah, jamming.

R. Gordon     Some kind of interference?

K. Terauchi   Interference.

R. Gordon     On the VHF?

K. Terauchi   Yes then this one leave for rnothership   ...
R. Gordon     Ah ha

K. Terauchi   Back to normal(?)

R. Gordon     Okay, did you say it's like German talking uh?


                                          8
K. Terauchi     Yeah, yeah, yeah.

R. Gordon       Okay

S. Mimoto       Was it's sound like speaking in German, or just jamming noise?

K. Terauchi     It was just noise, sounded zaa, zaa

R. Gordon       Oh just noise • • . Okay, okay I misunderstood you, I'm glad you
                brought that out.

K. Terauchi     Normally when you can hear clearly it is digital 5.        5, 4, 3, 2 ,
                1 - but it was about 2.

F. Fujii        You know five by five radio communication

R. Gordon       Oh yeah uh hu, okay sure

F. Fujii        It was like two

R. Gordon       Okay okay, like two

K. Terauchi     Sometimes missing, sometimes missing.

R. Gordon       Like, almost like, ah, ba ckground noise?

K. Terauchi     Yes, yes.

R. Gordon       Okay, and then when it, when the little small lights departed the
                noise went away, then back to real clear communications?

K. Te r auchi   Yes, that's right.

R. Gordon       Okay, fine, ah, lets see, I'm going to come back to thirteen,
                because ah • • •

F. Fujii        Oka y

R. Gordon       What was there any question?

F. Fujii        Did you see any reflection on the glass (window)?

R. Gordon       Inside the cockpit, was it dark, all the light off inside the
                cockpit?

K. Te r auchi   Oh a h, dark yeah, yeah, yeah.

K. Terauchi     Therefore, there was not reflection of inside. No reflection
                from inside. So when I took the camera bag, finding t he object,
                a ll the light s were turned off, made room dark - cargo room and
                passenge r r oom, the re was nothing to reflect.

F. Fuj ii       We ha ve ah , on a cargo plane we ha ve a ba ck lounge .


                                            9
R. Gordon     Yeah, I'm familiar with it, yeah I've been on there.

F. Fujii      So he turned the light off on that, because they were trying to
              take a photo.

R. Gordon     Okay, okay

F. Fujii      So the (unintelligible) was dark.

R. Gordon     Okay, that's good, I just wanted to make sure that everything in
              the cockpit you know, you see something and then you turn the
              light cause, me being a pilot, normally when I see something out
              there I'll turn the lights off and get everything dark inside.

K. Terauchi   Yes that's right.

F. Fujii      When you changed you aircraft position, did they make any special
              moves?

K. Terauchi   No, they didn't. See here, I began to circle 360 degrees, they
              stayed at the same position with us.

F. Fujii      Uh uh, same position

K. Terauchi   Same position, same position, same position all the way
              (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Okay following you right around uh?

K. Terauchi   Yes

R. Gordon     And it was here, and then here, and here, and here, and then you
              rolled out and it was right there, okay.

K. Terauchi   So ah, ah, I tried next, ah, descent, 3, 5,    o, 3, 1 ' o.
R. Gordon     Ah ah, okay,   3, 1 ' O, when you descended to 3, 1 ' O, still there
              uh?

K. Terauchi   Yeah, same formation, uh formation descent • • • formation
              descent. It was impressive, the same formation, smooth!

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   We, we used autopilot when descending, so (unintelligible).

R. Gordon     Okay, yeah, yeah went right down with him, okay uh • • •

F. Fujii      Can we go to the next one?

R. Gordon     Sure, yeah, I was just was ah • • •


                                         10
F . Fujii     Size, estimate, ah, size

K. Terauchi   (More Japanese) Two times, or ah, I guess ah      ...
F. Fujii      (unintelligible) seven four seven

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   So ah, size is ah, carrier

R. Gor don    Ah uh, in other words this being the jumbo jet was about as big
              ss just the light • . • ?

K. Terauchi   See this is the jumbo jet.       1.5, two times this light.

R. Gordon     Okay, okay, I have • . • so the side light on this thing was
              sbout, the jumbo is about two to two-and-a-half time the size of
              this light, so when you stack 'em up, you • . •

K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah, yeah • • •

R. Gordon            were saying about two times as big as an aircraft carrier.

K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah, yeah.

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   It felt like this big - (he made a circle by using his fingers);
              seven to eight miles away and it was this big. Normally, an air
              carrier is seven - eight miles away, it looks like this.

F. Fujii      Seven or eight miles away, usually the aircrafts are like
              this •

R. Gordon     Ah uh, okay

F. Fujii      About this big so   ...
R. Gordon     Okay

F. Fujii             with his estimate.

R. Gordon     So he's kinda comparing it to another jumbo jet?

F. Fujii      Yeah, yeah    ...
R. Gordon     Okay

s . Mimoto    (More Japanese) Tremendous

R. Gordon     Oh yeah (laughter) , boy, okay

F . Fujii     Go for this size here, this one.


                                          11
R. Gordon     Yeah, let's see what would you estimate the size of the small
              ships to be?

K. Terauchi   Ah • • • (unintelligible), up here equal to (unintelligible) we
              saw, ah, second (unintelligible), square, but I saw this on here,
              ah here, for so I guess this one is maybe separate, separate,
              then move to here. So ah, ah, (Japanese).

R. Gordon     Right, yeah, ah uh.

S. Mimoto     if this one was two stacked together, how large was one?

K. Terauchi   This here ah fuselage, fuselage of DC-8, DC-8 fuselage.

R. Gordon     DC-8, okay • • • yeah ah uh, in other words this part right here
              would be like fuselage of a DC-8.

K. Terauchi   Oh yes •

R. Gordon     Like this .

K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah, yeah

R. Gordon     Okay

K. Terauchi   Maybe, maybe about like this

R. Gordon     Uh ah, yeah I understand, okay, I got it.   That's good.

F. Fujii      Any other lighted or unlight objects, any other lights?

K. Terauchi   Yeah, we saw ah, some unusual light from ah, top of mothership.

R. Gordon     Uh ah

K. Terauchi   Ah, it was not regular, but - not regularly, but white -
              silverish lights, not in equal span of time, but occasionally
              flashed, irregularly lighted at all times.

S. Mimoto     Occasional flash

K. Terauchi   Flash, flash

R. Gordon     And since I've got this on tape, if you will help me later, you
              know when we write this down, because I can't remember all this
              stuff. Thank you.

K. Terauchi   (Japanese) First time we cannot see ah, this (unintelligible) so
              ah, ah, we saw this light, this light, and •

R. Gordon     Ah uh, okay, thank you very much.


                                       12
F. Fujii      (Japanese) No ah magnetic

K. Terauchi   No ah no •

R. Gordon     No gages, or the instruments or the RMI on everything stayed
              okay, no magnetic disturbances? Okay. Ah, did the intensity of
              the objects lights change? I think he just explained that didn't
              he on that ah • • •

S. Mimoto     (unintelligible) you mean intensity of light?

R. Gordon     No on this object here, did the, did the intensity of these
              lights change, and I think he just explained that, ah

F. Fujii      You mean by distance, right?

R. Gordon     No the intensity, the brightness of the, ah    ...
s. Mimoto     (unintelligible)

F. Fujii      Did the intensity of lights change?

K. Terauchi   No, it did not change.

R. Gordon     They didn't change, huh?

K. Terauchi   Steady, steady.

R. Gordon     Okay, the intensity was steady?

K. Terauchi   Yes

K. Terauchi   Visibility ah, more clear, all the way clear, clear sky.

R. Gordon     Okay • • •

K. Terauchi   Clear sky

R. Gordon     How about visibilty? What would you estimate, you know when
              you're coming down from up there where we enter over Alaska where
              you come off the sea and hit Alaska, you come up a ways and then
              you can see Fairbanks out here, no problems seeing Fairbanks?

K. Terauchi   When flying over Fort Yukon • • •

R. Gordon     Fort Yukon, yeah.

K. Terauchi   We can see ah Fairbanks and Eilsen Air Base.

R. Gordon     Okay, yes, good, that's real clear, that's that's fine.

Shinbashi     It was near full moon wasn't it?


                                          13
K. Terauchi   But we came this way. Full moon (unintelligible) Greenland,
              after we, we cross ah Greenland we saw moon right side
              (unintelligible) • • • but moon move to ah behind us so when
              crossing the Canadian, Canadian, ah, FLR (unintelligible) so
              maybe ah moon, ah stay near the horizon, so we couldn't use the
              moon light.

R. Gordon     Ah uh, I understand.

K. Terauchi   (Japanese)

R. Gordon     So the moon was very low?

K. Terauchi   Very low, very low, okay.

R. Gordon     That's good, I appreciate you bringing that up, I didn't think
              about the moon, but that's good.

K. Terauchi   Full moon, full moon, was very low, full moon.

R. Gordon     Well that's good, I'm glad you folks did that, uh • • •

K. Terauchi   So ah,

R. Gordon     There's one last question • • •

?             Yes

R. Gordon     This, and it's just threw it in here, is there anything else that
              I didn't ask you that you could help us sort this thing out?

K. Terauchi   Ah, yes, they

R. Gordon     Frank, see how that tapes doing.   We still got plenty?

F. Fujii      Yes, ah uh.

R. Gordon     That's good, because the mike is right there that's super.

K. Terauchi   See it is recoil blasting, just a little bit high here, it is
              blasting jets, then if it was at the same altitude as we were, I
              assume they are using an atomic energy, there will be some
              radiation left on our aircraft. Also the other is, that air
              turbulance be created. So they did not want to leave any
              evidence of their existance. Also the reason, why they were
              there (position) is that they wanted to leave no evidence. See
              it is round, the air current goes this way (he is drawing a
              picture), see if they were at the same altitude, they would
              create air turbulance, but they never positioned when the air
              turbulance would disturb us.

R. Gordon     Those are the small one now?


                                          14
                                                               r


K. Terauchi   Yeah. • •

R. Gordon     The little one huh?

K. Terauchi   (Japanese)

F. Fujii      That flight level right there does not leave any evidence, also
              if it on the same level, it would give this aircraft a little
              turbulence cause of this air.

R. Gordon     You got no turbulence?

K. Terauchi   No turbulence.

R. Gordon     So it's just suspended there, really.

K. Terauchi   (Japanese) Right

F. Fujii      (unintelligible) leave the evidence • • •

R. Gordon     Yeah, well that's what I'm saying, it's so moving, it's either so
              areodynamic that it's not causing, so you're saying when he was
              right in front of you there was not turbulence and if you had
              been that close to another object that large you should have got
              some buffetting?

K. Terauchi   Yeah

R. Gordon     Okay, I understand

K. Terauchi   The turbulance would assure their existance, therefore, they
              positioned themselves to here from the beginning.

R. Gordon     Yes

K. Terauchi   Certainly, ah approaching Fort Yukon, west side, this side east
              side, so ah (unintelligible)(Japanese) big mothership (Japanese),
              horizon, sunset, we caught up the sunset, two - three millimeters
              strip of it. Then there was the mothership. They never came to
              this side. Because of the sunset (if they came to the other
              side) they would be seen, their shape by us. They positioned
              themselves at the darkest side, difficult place for us to see.
              But see, our aircraft was in front of the sunset and visible for
              any movement we make. They took the trouble to position
              themselves to be in the darkest place. I think they did not want
              to be seen.

F. Fujii      He thinks that they don't want, of course they don't want the
              ship to see it, so they go to the place where it's dark •

R. Gordon     Yeah

F. Fujii             and because there's a sunset over here, and about one


                                        15
K. Terauchi   (Japane se) 0.1 ah, inch

F. Fujii      About 0.1 • • •

R. Gordon     Just right on the horizon, the sun was setting?

F. Fujii      Yeah, yes. So they don't want to go toward the ship side, they
              stayed away from it.

R. Gordon     Toward the dark side.

F. Fujii      Yes

R. Gordon     So that would have put them to the east like on the Canadian side
              you're coming down on your side (unintelligible) captain's side?

K. Terauchi   Yes

R. Gordon     Okay I understand.

K. Terauchi   I think, perhaps, they have regulations like they must not be
              seen by humans. But it was a surprise to see the sudden
              appearance in front of us. If the machine was set automatically
              for the distance of eight miles away from us, the machine will
              not come closer than eight miles (but they jumped in front of
              us), so I felt there was a living creature in it. It jumped in
              front of us, very unusual. They took such unexpected action.
              Try the other one(?)

F. Fujii      Seems like they're trying to stay away, I guess there's some kind
              of regulation for them to not be seen by • • •

R. Gordon     Ah uh, I understand. I have one more question that came up that
              I was thinking; now when he departed, departed east? Is that
              what someone told me; which direction did, when he departed, went
              away?

F. Fujii      Which direction did it take off to?

K. Terauchi   I don't know.     Probably to the east.

F. Fujii      He thinks it's east, he's not really sure.   He was looking at it
              and it just dissappeared, so • • •

R. Gordon     Okay, appeared that it went east, but it went so fast?

K. Terauchi   So fast.

R. Gordon     Okay

F. Fujii      He wa s watching it and it just disappeared • • •


                                          16
R. Gordon     Okay, fine. Well I can't think of anything else I need to ask
              you, ah, I really appreciate you taking time to talk to us,
              because it's very, very interesting and we need to see if we can
              figure out what is there, you know.

K. Terauchi   So ah, one things, they ah, completely they're controled of
              inertial and gravity. Yeah, so their technology was unthinkable.
              Unimaginable high technology.

F. Fujii      High tech.

R. Gordon     Oh yeah, it just sounds like it. All I can say is let's hope
              they're on our side • • • (laughter)

Shinbashi     This kind of information (unintelligible) before?

R. Gordon     No I can't, I haven't so that's why we're trying to get as much
              information as we have; we're going to send it back to
              Washington DC, and have them try to marry it up with anything
              like this before and then maybe we can say, oh, it happened here,
              or it happened here • • •

K. Terauchi   Oh yeah

R. Gordon         • other sightings, we have a lot of stuff where pilots have
              had other sightings.

K. Terauchi   Oh yes

R. Gordon     So we don't know if these lights and all these pictures you drew;
              maybe they'll be the same and it happened in Arizona or New York
              or wherever, so we got a place in Washington DC, we'll put them
              all together and say is any two of them alike. But, but as we go
              through this thing I would be glad to keep you folks informed
              and, -Of what we find out, or if we find out anything, but I'll be
              glad to tell you and see how we're doing. Could I get those
              drawings, if you don't mind ah? I think that's all we need.

K. Terauchi   (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Yes, yes, you could probably explain that with the thing you have
              drawn here. Now these are the same drawings?

K. Terauchi   Oh no, no, no

R. Gordon     Yeah

K. Terauchi   This one, this one, are the same.

R. Gordon     Same

K. Terauchi   So I like (unintelligible)


                                       17
R. Gordon     I get a copy of that Frank? Could we take a picture of that, I
              would certainly appreciate it. Yes. Alright. I think that's
              all, can you think of anything we need.

K. Terauchi   (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Yes, please if I could have one.     Oh one thing, this track

K. Terauchi   Oh yeah. This one is ah (unintelligible) so after this one is ah
              (unintelligible) this point ah • • •

R. Gordon     Okay, right about the

K. Terauchi   This point, so we contact Anchorage Center here, so ah two or
              three minutes, proceed right direct to Talkeetna, so we flew this
              distance • . •

R. Gordon     Okay from that point direct to Talkeetna and ah, and then some so
              you went about there you saw this thing.

K. Terauchi   Yes, yes, I saw from here    . . . so ah .
R. Gordon     Okay, and then maybe five minutes later along here saying
              Anchorage do you have anything out there?

K. Terauchi   Oh yeah, yeah, yeah

R. Gordon     Okay I have it.    To just about Talkeetna?

K. Terauchi   No no, disappear 75 miles north of Talkeetna

R. Gordon     Okay 75 miles north of Talkeetna •

K. Terauchi   Yeah, yeah

R. Gordon         • it went away.

S. Mimoto     The small one, not the mothership, were there many light?

K. Terauchi   Oh yes, there were numerous lights. The exhausts on the engine
              were lined up all the way, but when they were blasting recoil
              jets were so strong I could not see it because it was so bright.
              Once the recoil blast stopped, the speed was absolutely steady,
              not faster or slower, and I could see them very clearly.

S . Mimoto    Just one group?

K. Terauchi   See there were two, appeared in front of us.    Right here and
              right here     • both exactly the same.

S. Mimoto     Only two?

K. Terauchi   All I saw was two .


                                          18
R. Gordon     Yeah, I got that out of that other one that there was two and
              then it went back to the mothership.

K. Terauchi   Yeah

s. Mimoto     I thought maybe there was more then two.

R. Gordon     Oh I see, I'm glad you asked that.   There were only two?

s. Mimoto     Only two.

R. Gordon     But one was larger then the other like there was two of 'em were
              stuck together, right?

s. Mimoto     Then both are the same size, possible got (stuck) together later?

K. Terauchi   Yes, possibly. The one I saw first, it was this long. See if
              they were stacked together at the beginning, one must have
              returned to the mothership soon after the separtation.

S. Mimoto     This (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Oh you saw that, and then they separated like they were together
              and then they came apart.

K. Terauchi   (Japanese)

R. Gordon     Ah uh, okay. Same thing, and make sure that I'm right here, that
              ah, ah airplane, first sighting, and say this is over here, then
              it would have • • •

S. Mimoto     (unintelligible)

R. Gordon     Okay, fine just so we know if someone asks us that question we
              can answer. Very good. Well I have a lot better understanding
              of what transpired then what we got out of a bunch of people when
              we talked, and I want to thank you folks for your time. I really
              appreciate it.


                                       19
