{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110480","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2961,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5292836.json","updb_database_id":5292836}
Unexplained lights, shapes

This unexplained event took place on July 24, 2020 at approximately 11:15 to 11:50 PM Pacific Time in Irvine California. While relaxing in our living room of our apartment, the following incident took place. We live in a smaller apartment community in a low rise structure, our apartment is on the top floor (4th) and one of the largest on the property with great views from about 60 degrees NE to 270 degrees west so natural lighting is abundant. There are no structures directly adjacent to our building with clear views from the exterior into the apartment being very difficult as distance and height are barriers, now knowing that, here's the events that happened. We were watching television on my 65" flat screen which sits on a credenza not mounted on the wall so there's a gap of about 18" between the TV and the wall behind it. I was laying back with my feet up and my wife was sitting right next to me when all the sudden I saw what appeared to be a rectangular square above the TV screen, bright green with another square above or behind it slightly off-set on top of the green square white in color with a line running through it from bottom to top and then multiple colors. This lasted only a couple seconds and it disappeared. I was puzzled thinking "what was that?" I didn't say anything and turned to look at Denise who was staring straight ahead at the TV, she didn't react, nor turn to look at me but was wide-eyed staring at the TV screen so I didn't bother bringing it up as I thought maybe I was seeing a reflection or something. I turned my attention back towards the TV and Denise said "what was that" and I said "did you see that too, the light above the TV?" she said yes, what was it? I said I don't know and we both turned our attention to the window and wall to the right. Several seconds later we saw several large shapes, rectangles, horizontal and vertical in green colors as well as white, blue , orange but they were precise shapes, exact, no broad spectrum of light but clean crisp edges almost as if a hologram image. We cannot logically explain this, it wasn't a light from outside, a laser or emergency vehicle and we began doing some research which is how we found you. I don't know what this was but if you have a logical explanation we'd sure like to hear it. Thank you

Best Regards,
Chuck M
