{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39861","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5517836.json","updb_database_id":5517836}
{nd} This was not a UFO but a someone in my bedroom

I do not recall hearing any strange noises, though I am used to hearing rumbles due to my proximity to a major street in my town. Many trucks rumble by late at night. It was a strange night to start. Before getting in the bed It appeared as though the moon and stars were in the wrong location in the sky. I dismissed it because I usually do not track such things...it just felt out of place. Anyway, I was in my bed and I saw something just walk through the wall from outside.(I live on the second floor) It looked sorta like a floating pale double "S". It was strange...I dismissed this too and decided It was due to my exhaustion. It was at this point that I felt like someone else was in the room with me. I woke up my girlfriend and told her...she just rolled over and went back to sleep almost immediately. I attempted to go back to sleep but this being got right in my face...as if testing to see if I could detect it. I could not see it fully...mainly like a ghostly outline and some facial features. It was hunched over so I estimate that It may have stood around 3 to 4 feet tall. It had an oblong shaped head with huge eyes. I could only see an outline of the creature...it was invisible mostly. As it was almost directly infront of my face, my right eye began to feel strange...as if I just got over a migraine headache...but it only felt uncomfortable on the right eye. It sort of looked like a Zeta type being or gray alien...but it was smaller than I would expect and it appeared much skinnier. I didn't feel threatened by it but It did startle me when it got right in my face..it appeared as though I was walking through the object (my dogs kennel) right next to my bed to get in my face. I asked it to leave and it did...needless to say I did not sleep very well last night. Not out of fear, just perplexed.
