{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48581","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4381,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5509836.json","updb_database_id":5509836}
{rjl} I believe these tracks were made by my hybrid son........they are not foot print but some kind of snow shoe........he was 9 months at the time.

My hybrid son was taken mid April of 2012. "They used the word claimed.  I carried him for about 2 months. I knew he was a boy and I named him Drax. Named after Max(his human father) and the Draonian Reptilians I am involved with. During my pregnancy my ex was shut down and I was taken for several hours. When I was coming to I saw a figure standing to the side of the bed making circles above my stomach. I knew I had just been returned and I knew they were making one last check on the baby. He was brought to me October-10-2012 for breastfeeding and bonding. I am sending pictures of my pregnant stomach and claw marks where he held on to my left breast as he fed from the right. He didn't mean to hurt me. There was absolutely no feeling to the red and infected looking claw marks and they were basically gone in 4 hours. However, my right nipple felt like it had been pla ced in a vice. The only other time I experienced that pain was when I breast fed my daughter. The tracks that were left in the snow (see videos) were left 1-28-13. I didn't know what they were until a couple weeks later. I was standing in my kitchen and I heard these words.......Drax Tracks. I stood in that kitchen laughing and crying. I know it was my son who told me. I felt it....I knew it. 

There is so much more to this than I could possibly try to write. "They" have been manipulating my pineal gland. They are able to use me as a computer, loading and downloading information. I feel as if I am "ahead of time." I have received many messages from them and continue to. 

I have many very credible witnesses. They include an attorney, a fireman/farmer, and a prison guard. 

I have been regressed 5 times and some are recorded. The psychologist who regressed me would be willing to speak.

I need help. I have reached out to many people. The only time I feel ok is when I am sharing what is happening to me. Some of the things that are happening are difficult to share because they make others very uncomfortable. So I am left holding all this inside.

I have been doing illustrations and writing down everything and keeping track of dates the best I can. 

This all started in 1961 when i was 12. It was a sighting (daylight) with several witnesses including two police officers. I am still in contact with the Chief of police from back then. Unfortunately, he is 93 and in bad health along with good and bad memory days. He was at the station and said he fielded calls for over 20 minutes. One of the calls was from a fellow officer at the scene and another was a city councilwoman. I was discouraged from talking about this in hopes that I would forget. It was the worst thing my parents could have done. I never talked about it.....for 50 years I never talked about it. It was only when I met a Ufologist and college professor September 1st, 2011 that I opened up. I told him of the sighting.......thats all I thought it was for 50 years. But, I lived with PTSD and panic attacks. I havent had a papst smear in 20 years and still am unable to watch someone get a shot of tv. I have always had physic abilities. He was a smart man and knew there was more to it than that so he found the regression therapist. At the end of my first regression I felt myself immobilized and going up into the ship. 

One of the very first messages they gave me in 2011 was, "All memories are packed and taken with us in each new life." "When the load becomes to heavy or we no longer have the energy to carry it we travel as, LIGHT KNOWLEDGE ENERGY."

"THEY TOLD ME TO TAKE THIS BATON AND RUN WITH IT"........that is what I am trying to do.
