{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-23 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24630","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7204,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5530836.json","updb_database_id":5530836}
Small, dark, shape-shifting object observed in sky over Las Vegas for 45 minutes on June 23, 2010.

My wife and I were attending a conference being held in Sam's Town Casino and Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada (5111 Boulder Highway, Las Vegas, NV 89122, 702-456-7777). The conference ran from Wednesday, June 23 through Friday, June 25, 2010.

After dinner on Wednesday, June 23, 2010, my wife and I returned to our eighth floor room around 8:05 pm. We decided since our room offered a lovely view facing approximately southwest, we would position our two chairs facing the window, prop our feet up on the windowsill and drink our sodas while we watched the sun set. We began our sunset viewing around 8:15 pm.

At 8:20 pm, I observed a small, dark, circular object moving in an erratic pattern to the southwest. After observing the object performing rapid directional changes (northwest to southeast) including apparent right-angle turns and apparent hovering behavior, I pointed the object out to my wife who was initially looking north of where I sighted the object. She immediately was able to see the object in question.

The object soon began to perform amazing flight characteristics including dramatic loss in elevation followed by sudden stops, severe changes in directions and altitude fluctuations, apparent right-angle turns, looping and hovering. During the first 10 minutes of observation (from approximately 8:20 pm to 8:30 pm) the object appeared to be between 3-4 air miles away from our location. This distance determination was based on the object appearing in front of structures that were located between Interstate 95 to the southwest, and McCarran International Airport which was located approximately 4.8 air miles from our hotel. The object's size appeared to be about half the size of a small airplane, with an apparent diameter of perhaps 10-15 feet. As the observation continued the object's flight characteristics became even more dramatic.

The object's flight maneuvers included hovering, rapid losses in elevation, continued looping, right-angle turns; however the more we observed the object.......the more we both noticed its shape appeared to be shifting as it traveled over the Las Vegas area. The object first appeared as a small, dark gray dot or disc. As we continued to watch, the object's shape seemed to shift from a disc, to a triangle, to a tear shape. At several times during the event I observed what looked like bluish smoke around the object, but not smoke you would expect to see from an exhaust. The bluish "haze" seemed to outline the object as it flew, but would dissipate at times. I recall noting the only time I observed this bluish haze around the object was during sudden directional change. Sometimes the object would present itself as a triangular feature and apparently tumbled end over end as it flew. At times, it would also appear to be split down a horizontal long axis with both sides moving almost like the wings of a bird. The time was now about 8:30 pm, and my wife and I were discussing what this object might be. We discussed the following possibilities: kite, flock of birds, remote controlled airplane, unmanned military device, ultra-light, small stunt plane, etc. None of these possibilities seemed to fit the characteristics of the object's motion. We dismissed all or most of these possibilities based upon these conditions: there was absolutely no wind that evening...it was dead calm outside, the object was too far away to be a small remote controlled toy, the object shifted shapes as it flew and the possibility of someone conducting tests near a major airport traffic area was unlikely.

From 8:30 pm to 9:00 pm, the object began to gain altitude and move away from us towards the southwest. The object passed right over McCarron Airport because we could observe the planes being between the object and our hotel. I commented to my wife several times that someone on one of the airliners had to be able to see the object because of their proximity to the object. During our last 30 minutes of observation, the object moved perhaps 5-6 air miles away from us, and we could no longer observe shape-shifting characteristics or see the bluish haze. The object did gain several thousand feet in elevation as it moved away from us towards the southwest. Although the local weather was absolutely calm and relatively cloud-free, there was a band of clouds which appeared to be 3-4 thousand feet in elevation and running in a north-south orientation. During the last 5-10 minutes of our observation, the object gained elevation and continued to move away from us until it disappeared into the cloud bank at approximately 9:00 pm.
I remember telling my wife that I wondered if anyone else with a west-facing room had observed the object from our hotel. I then excused myself to use the restroom. While I was in the restroom, I heard my wife utter, "Now that is weird". 

Post-observation event........at approximately 9:20 pm I asked me wife about her statement. The following is her personal account of her post-observation event.

*(Wit's name deleted--SGonzalez/CMS). observation...

At around 9:10 pm, I heard a loud noise outside our hotel window. A two-man helicopter equipped with a large search light was hovering about 100 feet from our window, and perhaps one floor above us. At one point the search light beam was focused on our room. The helicopter was black, had no markings, and I did observe two people in the craft. The helicopter circled the hotel twice that I was aware of, and then flew directly to the location my husband and I first observed the mysterious object. The helicopter flew around the general area where we last saw the object disappear in to the clouds to the southwest. The helicopter eventually went out of sight and this event ended just prior to my husband returning from the restroom. He did not observe this event.

Final thoughts...

My wife and I waited until 7/18/10 to file this report because we were hoping someone would have reported it before us, and that a logical possibility could be determined for this object and its flight behavior.

During our Internet research, my wife located a similar report that a woman filed in the Salt Lake, Utah area. Please visit the attached link for details.

http://naturalplane.blogspot.com/2010/05/ufo-possible-thunderbird-sighting-salt.html

Although this report is rather poorly written, my wife and I were amazed how similar this person's sighting was to ours.

Please feel free to contact us if we can provide more information.
