{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-14 23:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83377","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3187,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5476836.json","updb_database_id":5476836}
{jpg}Object first appeared like train flying past when your in a train terminal. Red white seamingly whitewindows. Then shape shifted. Appeared to be some organic life form of a different dimensio. Couldnt tell if it was in deep space or in our atmosphere

Me and 2 close roomates were all at home and decided to go walk to where one alleged to be a spot where he would frequently witness odd things occur at. It was only a few streets away in a typical township neighborhood. I highly doubted his words and just decided to go on the walk for good health. We got to this "spot" he so highly acclaimed. 30 seconds into us being there out of no where this long, red and white glowing object appears. No audible sound emmiting from it or it's direction. It appeared like a train going by when you are in a train terminal. You see square windows pass by rapidly until the train's length passes you ajd the last car goes by. It was much like that but doing ot while remaining still. As if it were possibly spinning ajd making a rotation though we were only seeing it from a flat perspective. Possibly even of a 4th dimensional object that our 3rd dimensional eyes could simply not perceive. Then it did the stranges thing and started to tetraform into these strange shapes while maintaning as one single entity. Shape shifting into many shapes but non i could describem it did that as it made its way towards the direction bearing east. Then if got so bright and its colora became more red and yellowish white and it shot off but left a trail and almost appeared like some kind of nuclear missle with radiation pouring a short lasting trail behind it and it was gone. Personally I have always found the idea of an otherwordly or dimensinal life form or craft coming to our solar system and observing our species or resourses and found it fascinating. I always thought of it as a ship though. This though I do not believe was a ship or was in our atmosphere. Think of a giant whale that floated through outerspace. Some kind of life form obviously not of our dimension and beyond our comprension. Gigantic and observable from our vantage point. Thats what I beleive it was after much time spent dwelling on it. Some living entity drifting through deep space or in our general atmosphere that was so large it was able to be seen beyond our atmosphere and the light pollution reflecting off of our atmosphere. I wish I had thought to take a video or picture but I was living in that moment. It was too fascinating to look away. I feared the second I did it would be gone and I didnt want to miss a thing.
