{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-04-08 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54047","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5504836.json","updb_database_id":5504836}
{cak}. Black oval shape, with pulsating lights,large shape size of football field

This is a continuation from my earlier report on feb.9. I remember now when I left the area of the sighting I went to my brother house in Denmark,SC.I realized that time was lost and I told my brother about me seeing a UFO and we talk for a while about what I saw a oval black shape object. I remembered using his bathroom and my penis was stinging like I had a small cut and somebody put rubbing alchohol on it so I looked at my penis and there was a fresh looking black like mole on the part where my penis is attached to my body but the mole was on the top part. I thought at that time I may have gotten that mole from having sex with girls on the campus. I felt embarresed and thought it would go away. I didn't put two and two together about my UFO sighting. Later in the years more and more moles started appearing all over my body and I did not know why and how these things were happening to my body. I have one mole on my lower right ankle. I have two moles on my left leg in the back where my joint merge together, one one my right lower thigh, one on my right side back slightly under my wing bone, the newest one is on left thigh backside. The mole that is on my penis is still there but some of my skin has grown over it and made it larger. The most recent thing happened to me was on Feb.10 after I spoke with your field agent on the phone that night about 7:15 pm. I went to sleep that night and I had a realistic dream which scared the hell out of me. I jump out of my bed yelling swinging at a alien that was not there. I think well let me take that back I know now that I was abducted for what ever reason. I think this or these creature have been reading my thoughts for many years. I probably been implanted with something in my body or head. Because this or these creatures or aliens revealed it's true self to my that night on feb.10.You see these are not little green men with big heads and large eyes. What I saw was a large insect like creature and it was cross between a roach/moth/locus with out wings or little wings and it was kinda standing upward like humans. Also, it's color was like solid gold and in the back ground was like it was standing inside of a spacecraft with some web like sticky stuff clinging to the walls and metal beams and floor. Almost like melting swiss cheese with large holes in it. I bet you all knew that from your archives! This creature has been reading my thought for over 22 years. So, when I think I am talking to jesus or god this thing is probable granting my wish. Maybe these being are our god or gods with superior knowledge and power. What do you think! Know many years ago I have encounter abilities that I thought separated me from the rest of humans. These beings may have taken stuff from me but mabe they gave me super natural abilities too. For example, over the many years sometimes when not home and I think about a certain t.v. program and episode I would like to see when I get home countless I mean countless amount of time when I get home and turn the channels the one episode I wanted to see is either on already is about to come on. The reason why I say this is because over the years when I am asleep I would hear radio like frequencies in my brain like somebody is turning that station or channel on T.V. The last time that happened to me was in the summer of 2010 and I was sleeping at night in my apartment by myself and I could hear a radio station frequency in my brain and not my ears. Another example was in 2008 when my mother passed away and I was at the airport to catch a flight to south carolina. I had gone through metal detectors where you have to take off your shoe,belts and anything in your pockets etc etc. After I have gone through that device and nothing gone off the TSA agent told me get in one of those new devices where they shoot alot of air on to your whole body and see your exoskeleton on the monitors.This to see if you are trying hide something on your person. So, sfter that they let me go so I can get my belongings. Know after got my belongings and proceeded to my gate for departure two TSA agent ran down to were I was and asked me they need to check me again like they saw something in my that they couldn't place. They asked me to put my arms up and proceeded with their metal devices and scanded me for a third time on the body but not my head and then they left. I think something was planted in my head or brain when I was abducted. Also, for many years when I am sleeping I be having vivid dreams of me being in a weightless state with no control of my body or muscles and every time when I'm in that stated of mind I always feel something enter my body through my anus. It's not pleasure or pain it's something just entering through that way of passage. And I am not a homosexual! I repeat I AM NOT A HOMOSEXUAL!!!!!!!! This new found ability have me seeing shadow like entities in my place at night. I see them often at least 2 to 3 times a week just by me staring into complete darkness. They away come around when i am sleeping at night. Sometimes they try to pull at my soul or spirit but i keep fighting. But I am tired of fighting them, this been going on for years. I been thinking of going under hypnosis!So, I can deal with abduction thing! What do you think I should do! Have your organization help people with this problem! Can you help me! What can I do for this thing won't happen to me again. Do I need to be examine first before some kind of hypnosis insue.
