{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57191","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5501836.json","updb_database_id":5501836}
{dr}Summer Sixth-Grade Camp sighting 1977 - Colorado

I was at Summer Camp (near Pikes Peak Region of Cheesman Mountain, Colorado) with others (sixth graders) in 1977. Along with teachers, there were about 30 of us students. 

That evening around 11pm, we had an astronomer scientist from Norad visiting with us. He brought along a telescope for us to view the planet Saturn. After multiple students looked at the planet, it was my turn to look 11 I was able to see the rings of Saturn. As I was looking, I noticed a glowing light off in the distance out of the corner of my eye on the other side of the lake... it kept getting closer and closer -- no sound. I got my teachers attention and asked her, "What is that?" she said, "A plane i think?" I then said, "At this altitude?!" It looked like a glowing fussy Tennis Ball.

It hovered above the trees about 10 feet, and it cast a soft white glow over the treetops. Everyone else got real quiet and watched the object moved closer as well. I also noticed that even the bugs and frogs got quiet too. .... there was dead silence! Then suddenly, the object stop just on the other side of the lake about 200 yards from us. Then it made a 90˚ turn to the East going slowly at a 45˚ upwards back into the sky. After it went about a mile, it started speeding up and darted back up into space in a blink of an eye!

I turned around because I heard someone running down the hill -- it was the Scientist. He jumped into his station wagon and took off! -- and left his telescope behind. We weren't sure what just happened, we were all sixth-graders. Shortly after the sighting, the teachers sent us all off to bed and no one even discussed after that.

When we got back from camp, two plain dressed men showed up at our school asking questions about what we saw. Most of the students didn't seem interested to make a statement, but I was! I told the men what happened. And since I loved to draw, i told them that I could draw what happened. So I made them a step-by-step storyboard of what happened that night.

They took my drawing and left. Nothing more became of it. 

But a week later, I was out collecting pop bottles our local Car Wash in Colorado Springs, and I looked up and saw (3) shinny metallic disk about a mile up in the sky above my head. Two of them were stationary, one was darting all around. While this was happening, they were climbing in altitude until they eventually were too high up for my eyes to see them anymore.

I never gave it much thought after that until I saw the film footage of the UFO's that appeared in Mexico City during the eclipse --- and I thought to myself... "Those are the UFO's I saw back in '77!" They looked exactly the same -- looked like two Nickels rubbing together with a reddish glow on the bottom.

Anyway, thats it. I have seen (3) other additional sightings, and but not like these two in the Summer 1977.

Thank you.
