{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3186,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5471836.json","updb_database_id":5471836}
{dr}UFO lights flying in front of me, usually left to right

This all began 8 years ago in Dec 2009. I took a picture of triangular lights at night in the Daly City Ca area. I was about 30 miles from home at the time. I lived in Sunnyvale Ca at the time. When I got home and parked in the driveway, stepped out of my car and looked up, there again was the triangular lighted object. It had tracked me home. I freaked out at first and jumped back in my car. These lights were about cloud level, hovering. Ever since that night and every night after till this day, 8 years later, these lighted objects make themselves visible to me. They fly in front of, usually left to right, they want to be seen by me. They are better seen flying from the drivers side of the car. They will either speed up or slow up so that at some point they are flying directly in front of me. To any other eye, they may look like a regular aircraft. I know aircraft pretty well, being a aircraft parts clerk at one time. Sometimes at night, I go out and play games with these things, no matter what direction I turn, these lighted objects will show up, 100% guaranteed. Sometimes they will fly on the side of me, drivers side, to be easily seen. They seem to know were I'm at all the time. As soon as I drive out of my complex, they will show up, guaranteed. I've gotten use it, as bazaar as it is. At times, it gets irritating , because I can't figure out what they are doing or what they want. It's just bazaar. Knowing the flight patterns of commercial aircraft in the area, these objects fly all over the place, where commercial aircraft don't fly. I live on the 2nd floor of a condo, and from my bedroom, I see these objects fly, usually from left to right. I have put my telescope on them, all I can make out is the lights, the object itself seems invisible, totally transparent to the sky. If I take a photo, some are very distorted, I had a few good ones come out, but just the lights and most of the time they will go to a blinking light mode or just go totally dark. These aircraft do amazing things, things that earthly aircraft cannot do. I been dealing with this for 8 years and I don't know what to make of it all. I hope that somebody can witness what I been witnessing for the past 8 years, every single night, it never fails.
