{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-06-01 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66690","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3712,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5492836.json","updb_database_id":5492836}
{dr}Shocked to see an alien staring me down (

I was in my room in bed just waking up: I was laying on my back with my head on a pillow, then I opened my eyes and I was petrified when I saw the alien form hovering in the upper left corner on the other end of the room intently super focused, staring motionless and piercing force fully straight through every fiber of my being, leaving me stunned and unable to move, or even process any thought except to know that I was terrified and in a helpless unforgiving state of instant panic with nowhere to run or hide.
 It didn't hit me as a thought on the instant,or during our encounter, but I somehow knew exactly where it came from, and it was not of this earth.
  I instantly was in a deep state of terror, and frozen in place unable it seemed to even process a thought to jump up and flee the situation for an undetermined amount of time except to say that it felt like at least 20-30 minutes. It was only after that amount I suddenly spark a thought and leaped out of bed like a bolt of lightening, and ran straight to my mom's room and shook her frantically begging for her to wake up and come see what was there. I lost sight of it when I ran out of my room.
  There's a lot more to the story, and I would like to speak to someone like an investigator about it if I could. If there's any info that you people might be able to provide me with concerning any sort of identification, or similarity with other known beings of it's kind recorded in your archives, or any similar stories I could learn about I think that would do a lot to sooth my soul, or give me some sort of closure.
  I've always wondered if there was some way I could meet with a hypnotist, because I"m sure I could draw it from memory if I was put under, especially knowing that I am pretty good at sketching things already. I 'm sure I could make an exact replication if taken beac into my past with a professional as such. 
  It's always frustrated me how vividly I can remember the thing but never was able to accurately sketch it the exact way it looked. It still haunts my mind and spirit to this day. I've always had the need to contact someone, not really having any idea who until I saw Hanger 1 Alien Files, on cable tonight. 
  I'm sincerely hoping I can connect with someone who really cares, or has a need to know what happened on that one fateful morning.
  Please help me if you can, this has been with me forever, and talking to a psyche about it, or anyone else for that matter, has always left me feeling empty and alone, and actually feeling like a fool really, because I don't get the sense anyone has understood just exactly where I was coming from when shared at any given point in life. How do you expect to get a normal person to understand something that sounds so surreal?
  Anyway, thank you for taking the time to read what I have written, It would mean the world to me to finally speak with someone dedicated to this particular field.

  Thank you for taking the time to read what I have written in my letter to you.

        Sincerely,   [Name removed/cms/tg]
