{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-21 23:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2755,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5500836.json","updb_database_id":5500836}
{rjl} 3 people observed green pulsating light with white outline falling straight down. Object left same green color

My two sons, 28 and 23 years old were watching a movie in our sun room. With them were their two friends 29 and 24 years old. The sun room is almost all plexiglass. They were watching a big screen television with tall bookshelves on each side of the television. During the movie my 23 year old son and the two friends suddenly saw a pulsating green object with a fuzzy white border falling straight down from the sky. They were facing south west and estimated they first saw object at about 50-55 degrees above horizon. My 28 year old son did not see object as his view was blocked by one of the bookcases.
The object was trailing same color green "pulses". The trail was similar to pictures we've seen of trail from ram jet type aircraft. The "pulse" closest to object was slightly smaller than object, then next one was slightly smaller and so on. They said there was a total of 5-6 of these in the tail. While the object was in sight the tail continued to be renewed. 
The closest my son could come to describing the color was that it was similar to the green as seen through a night vision scope. My son was able to have the longest view of object because where he was sitting, the object fell through the space exactly between the t.v. and the bookcase. His total viewing time was about six seconds. The friends viewed about 3-4 seconds. To the south and southwest of our house is a range of hills/mountains (approx 1000 ft). The object disappeared behind this hill to the southwest. Our house is approximately 7 miles from coast, due west. There was no way to estimate distance as we didn't know size of object. Point Mugu Naval Air Station is on the coast due west of our house.
My son has spent much time in Colorado and seen many "shooting stars" and meteorites. He stated this looked nothing like what he had seen before.
After the sighting, my son stated that everyone became quiet. They then looked at each other and asked if they all saw the object. None could explain what they saw and all had never seen anything like it.
