{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467836","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92807","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/836/mufon-5467836.json","updb_database_id":5467836}
{rjl} Star like object was stationary then for over 1 hr made a series of patterns with very sharp turns not explainable by known tech.

I was laying in a field across the street from my house as I do many nights. I have previously only seen normal aircraft and satallites in the sky.

I noticed a "star" that was about the size and brightness of the other largest stars in my view. When looking straight up I could see the "star" out of the top corner of my view. After about 10 minutes I thought I saw the "star" slowly moving to the north so I started watching more closely. 

The "star" traveled slowly North for a few seconds then very rapidly returned to about it's starting position, at this point I was not convinced of what I saw but continued watching. After a few minutes the "star" accelerated much quicker than before, headed north, then made a series of "S" curves before making an abrupt turn and then stopped again. I was now very curious about what I was seeing.

Over the course of an hour I witnessed the "star" making various patterns such as very tight circles and square patterns at varying speeds. It moved much quicker than passing satellites. There was very light patchy cloud cover and at times I saw the "star" pass behind clouds so I know it was above the clouds but I have no way to know how large or far away the "star" was other than above the clouds. I lost sight of the object when clouds obscured my view but it was still cruising around when I lost it.

I have watched the sky for many years and never witnessed anything close to what I saw tonight. The pace and varied speeds as well as the flight path is not something I can explain with any known technology. I immediately came to make a report after viewing this object. I have always believed we are most likely not alone here but this has solidified my view, what I saw was simply incredible.
