{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-10-13 17:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522831","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33182","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4351,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/831/mufon-5522831.json","updb_database_id":5522831}
i was with the other friends and witness this event we swa a robut copper figure on the gound-helecopter inthe air then they backed off we lost all lost time.other people reported this to the radio and news, all over the island -

[Email addresss removed/cms/tg]

I had flown into St Thomas from Florida the fall on 1990. 
I arrived at 2:15PM. I lived in The Virgin Islands and Florida and traveled back and forth all the time..
I then attended at public rally for the re-election of Gov.Alexander A.Farrellys second term . We left the rally and went to a friends apt.
It was a clear and sunny day without a cloud in the sky. We were all about to sit down have something to eat and drink,when a friend looked out of a large picture window and noticed a huge massive cloud formation in the sky.
We all saw helicopters marked and unmarked approaching the cloud formation.
The rest of the sky was clear blue. A yellow golden,pinkish light beamed from the clouds at one of the helicopters. The helicopters immediately withdrew.
For a brief time we all witnessed a huge massive ship just hovering over the in the sky over land and water. It appeared to be smaller metal shaped moving things surrounding the large ship. Another friend looked down on the ground area in low landscape area and noticed a copper ,toy like looking robut thing moving back and forth. In serious shock and awe,we were all wondering. What the frick was going on! Before we could reach for a camera it was all over! I remember looking back into the sky and we all lost time for several hours. Two of my friends were so freaked out they never wanted to talk about it. The next morning there were reports called in all over all over St.Thomas and neighboring Islands, Including, St.Croix, The British Vi, and others. The National guard and news media told the public it was just a storm passing,but it was witnessed by a large mass of people. 
I have had other close encounter experiences that I just held to myself and would never talk to anyone about. I can remember things as far back as being four or five years old. As a child, I was born and raised in Chicago.
I remember being very small and telling my parents about the big owl like beings that come to me at night with a taller one that had a hood or veil.
They always had a fowl odor with long dry scabby looking hands. 
I would always come up missing in the night! I would tell my parents the owl people take me through the ceiling and into the sky.
I remember waking up a floating into the sky! My parents just chalked it up to a big imagination.
Strange events escalated and I stared sleeping walking at night.
My parents started nailing the windows closed and putting large two by fours across the front door at night night because , The University of Chicago police would find me sleep walking in my Hyde Park neighborhood.
Closing the doors and windows off is a serious fire violation.
Securing the house did not stop my sleep walking or disappearance at night. Sometimes,they would find me with a thick smelly substance all over my hair. It would give off an electrical charge and shock when you tried touching or attempting to remove it. It would just dissipate into thin air. (So Strange) 
I have had many disturbing experiences throughout my entire life.
One of the worst experiences is having had severe nosebleeds and fungal infections following an bad encounter.
I was told that I would never remember anything but I recall a lot in complete detail and other things are slightly foggy.
Things have been very quite for approx. twelve years and now I am experiencing loss in time,night terror, dancing wavy lights in my room at night and other strange events.
Anyone else suffering like this? 

Regards,
