{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-10-07 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503831","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6923,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/831/mufon-5503831.json","updb_database_id":5503831}
{dr}crossed field, hovered over fence out window, light came down, I called police,husband got shotgun, husband got shotgun,lost time, rose over house headed for space.

The time was 1980 in Weatherford, Texas and the event occurred sometime between one and four in the morning. My husband and I were asleep in bed when our 5 yr. old daughter entered our bedroom, waking us complaining of a bright light in her window and wanting to get into our bed. Our two younger boys were asleep in their beds in adjoining rooms. As we lie on our stomachs talking and looking out the bedroom window, we noticed lights slowly and a bit erratically approaching from the stock tank in the pasture behind the house. I was surprised thinking the old farmer living behind us was running his tractor in the field so late1in the wee hours of the morning. We watched as the lights slowly approached. We had been watching for about a half hour and it looked as though the lights were climbing a bit up and down over small hills in the undulating pasture. Something appeared wrong with the lights as they came closer. Instead of two white headlights as there should have been on a tractor, there was a red/orange light at one end of a dark object and a white light at the other end. The object was now at the barbed wire fence about 20-25 feet outside the window. By now my husband and I and I had become concerned. The object rose straight up and hovered silently, just hanging in the air a few feet over the fence for what seemed like maybe two minutes. I knew this was not a tractor. "Look11what is it?" I asked and I grabbed the phone next to the bed and called the sheriff. I don't remember if I dialed the number directly or called 911. I'm not sure we had 911 then. The object began to come over the fence toward us.  The object appeared medium to dark grey in color, having a non-reflective surface, about 14 feet long and 5 feet tall at its tallest in the center and was the shape of two pie pans put together, only slightly taller in the middle, not flat. There were no apparent seams or windows. Being so dark outside, it was difficult to see the object with great clarity. The outline was obvious but one cannot see color in the dark without the aid of light. I was on the phone with the sheriff's department by now. I told them a UFO was in our backyard and please hurry and send someone. They laughed at me, I could hear them. I said this was not a joke. They were still laughing as I gave them the address and asked they please hurry. I hung up, assuming they would send someone1I don't believe they ever did. Meanwhile, my husband had retrieved my 12-gauge shotgun from the bedroom closet, saying he was going outside to shoot the UFO down. I became more upset. The object now slowly moved up a bit and started to come closer. Suddenly, a bright white light came down out of the object and shone on the ground and appeared to be shining through a louvered or shuttered window about three feet tall by roughly two and a half feet wide. I was screaming "NO, NO, DON'T...YOU CAN'T SHOOT AT IT..THEY WILL KILL YOU! I jumped onto the bed and grabbed my daughter, pleading, then demanding he put away the gun. I became hysterical, screaming, crying, and pulled the sheet over my daughter and myself, on my elbows and knees, literally shaking uncontrollably in fear. The flight or fight response had kicked in and I lost all control. Only once before in my life, as a three year old, had this ever happened, that I had become hysterical.  In my mind, I could only imagine the object annihilating us with a laser beam. They had to have superior technology, after all, we've seen that in the movies. Up until this moment, I always thought I believed in extraterrestrial life and would love to meet them. I changed my mind in a split second. At the time, I was mentally unable to accept the very real probability when confronted first hand. I remember becoming calmer and looking at the clock at some point.  It was 3 am. I was looking out the window and watched as the craft rose up and passed slowly over the roof. One second it was over the edge of the roof, the next second it was as a star streaking through space. From here to there 1ONE SECOND. It did a zig zag and shot off through the stars. The next morning I received a phone call from a man saying he was a TV weatherman who chased UFO's with some others. He asked to come out so I could show him what I had seen. After arriving he wanted me to go with him back to the pond where we first saw the object rise up or start traveling from. I had pointed out the area. He could have gone to check it out but I think he was afraid to go alone. I could not leave 3 children alone or I would have gone with him. Oddly he just left. My husband and I called the towers at Carswell and I forget where the other radar was, but they exported having seen nothing. I did, however, receive a letter from MUFON, asking me to fill out description of the event. I am guessing the weatherman was behind this. I did fill this out but my husband forbade me from sending it in . He had gone to work the next day, at General Dynamics in Ft. Worth, where he was an F-16 engine system specialist. He returned after work upset. He had told them of our experience and said they laughed. He said he would never tell again. Until just before his death he kept that promise. Shortly before his death he spoke of our experience to our daughter's, then boyfriend. For many months after the sighting, I kept the MUFON letter under a couch cushion, meaning to send it but never did. My husband joined the air force at 18 and was a flight-line mechanic on T-38's at Randolph AFB in Universal City, Texas. We transferred to Carswell AFB in Fort Worth, Texas after a few years. He was hired, at this time, by General Dynamics to work on F-16s and to travel to other locales to train about the engine systems on the aircraft. Living off base and going to many air shows, we had experience observing all kinds of flying craft. I was a college biology lab assistant and went on to a science major. After the sighting, our marriage disintegrated, my husband lost his job and his life several years after. I, in part, blame our sighting that night for these happenings, but won't elaborate here. Many things have been left unsaid.
