{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487831","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2907,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/831/mufon-5487831.json","updb_database_id":5487831}
{rjl} SQUARE, LONG HAD A MIDDLE SEAM AND HAD A POINT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE SQUARE.

On October 10 2015 I was in Pasadena Ca. at a union meeting. The meeting was over and I was at Burbank Bob Hope airport to catch my flight home to Santa Rosa ca. The plane was boarding at about 4:45. It had taken me a few minutes to get onto the plane, Burbank airport is an old airport and you walk out onto the tar mat and climb onto the plane. I was almost into the plane when I hard the sound of loud engines, I looked up and saw 2 air force one helicopters flying side by side and very low and there were 3 V22 osprey flying with them, one on either side and one in the rear. I pointed up and yelled out Hey, its the presidents air force one and about 10 to 12 people that were there all looked up. I had never seen anything like that so I took out me cell phone to take a picture. I was too much in a hurry to take the picture as the helicopters were leaving and ended up taking a picture of myself in the door way of the plane I was boarding. I wasn't sure that I got the shot that I wanted and at that moment it seem like there was something else flying above me, i looked up and saw something else but it was for just a fraction of a second and it seemed to be fallowing the copters. it was kind of square and dark but then it was gone like it disappeared. At that moment I wasn't sure what just happened I was more interested in the presidents copters, But I did look to the man next to me and said what was that, he said he didn't know. I went into the plane and sat at my seat and went to look at the picture I had just taken and saw that I had just taken a picture of myself(my phone can take pictures front and back)I began to laugh and told the people next to me that all I got was a selfie. In the picture I saw that there was something above my head and thought I got one of the copters, I zoomed in on it and realized It was what I had saw for that split second after the copters had flown over and I had caught it on camera. a bunch of us looked at it and couldn't figure out what it was, but it seemed to be flying behind the presidents air force one. Later I found out that the president was in Pasadena that day. I will try an send this picture with this story and see if anyone has ever seen something like this.
