{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-09 19:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502831","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56160","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2803,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/831/mufon-5502831.json","updb_database_id":5502831}
{CAK} Saw object hovering above us. Seemed like it was stationary then it would have random moments of movement

Myself and two of my friends where out in Perris after dark shooting guns near Lake Perris. We started to pack things up and Noticed an very bright red/orange light hovering high above us near a the top of a hill by us. We started talking and came to the conclusion it was Mars. Then I started to noticed it was moving almost swaying like a helicopter would if it was flying still. One of my friends also noticed the weird movement. At one point it almost seemed like it split into two then went back to one large light. We were very spooked because we were in the middle of nowhere and had no cellphone reception. The object would sit still for a while then I would notice it sway and move from right to left and then back into place. There was a lot of us going back in forth with each other about what it was. Me and one friend thought it was a UFO the other fiend was not convinced it was anything. As we started to leave I noticed a bunch of bi antennas to our right. I later google mapped what they were and discovered it was a company called Teleport LA and called them asking what they did. The man over the phone explained they receive transmissions from satellites and transfer the transmission to radio/tv/etc. Seeing these huge antennas started to freak me out so I loaded a clip for my rifle just in case something was about to happen. As i finished and we got into the car to leave. My cellphone died. We drove off as fast as we could down a small dark dirt road before we even got 200 feet away my friend in the back seat yelled " Dude it's gone ". I thought he was lying so I stopped and we all got out to check. The bright light was gone. We sped off and got out of there as fast as we could. When we got on the road I saw March Air Force base was right off the freeway. Very odd. Also when I turned my phone back on the time said 4:30PM this was at 7:33 at night and I know my phone had the correct time before it shut off. This was a very cool experience in my opinion and really hope to experience it again. Regardless if it was a drone or military aircraft we still did see a UFO.
