{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-10 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496831","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2636,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/831/mufon-5496831.json","updb_database_id":5496831}
{nd} Large yellow orange circular light appreared in the sse, approx. 5 degrees above horizon.

At approximately 7:45 pm, tonight, January 10, 2015 as my husband and I traveled due north up our drive, we both saw a red flash like a flare or tracer flash ahead of us. It appeared to come from behind the house, cross the road/driveway and shoot up over the field then disappear as a tracer bullet would. The flash appeared to travel east to west across our road and straight up over the fields to the east then disappeared. We drove past the house and shined our lights into the fields north of our home. We turned at the end of our road/drive and shined our lights behind the house to try to identify if someone was in the fields either north or west of the house. The end of the road is approximately 100 yards from the front door. We parked in front of the house and went inside at approximately 7:48 pm EDT. My husband quickly brought the flash light back outside along with our dog. At approx. 7:50 pm EDT, he witnessed a large light above the SSE horizon. He called for me to come see and I went outside. The solid orange yellow light was stationary and very bright, lighting up the clouds and horizon. We watched this for 3-4 minutes. I ran in for my coat and my husband reached into the truck for his binoculars. When I returned outside approx. 1 minute later, the bright light was gone and what appeared to be a small craft that appeared to be a helicopter was traveling north from where the light had been. My husband reported that when he turned back from getting his binoculars, the bright light was gone and a small craft with blinking lights like those of a helicopter was in the same area but traveling East, then eventually turning North. The skies were mostly clear with very light high altitude cirrus clouds, temp was 5 degrees, and until the light appeared the skies appeared mostly clear with stars very visible in all directions. The object appeared to be cone shaped with a round top and appeared to be completely illuminated.
