{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497004","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2903,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/004/mufon-5497004.json","updb_database_id":5497004}
{dr}I saw a green-grey rectangular thing move across a busy road and then descend north of it in Mesa, AZ.

I am only posting this because I'm not sure what it was and I googled looking to see if anyone has posted about this, since so many people had to have seen it in broad daylight, and found nothing online, but this site came up, so after much debate I'm posting this to you.
I was driving east on Southern Avenue from Priest in Tempe, AZ, and as I was getting to Kyrene I noticed maybe 2-4 miles away above Southern Avenue (which is a very busy road) I saw a large rectangular thing hovering above the road and traffic traveling north slowly. It was probably as big as a five lane road. It made a waving motion like it was a banner attached to the back of an airplane, but that isn't common here, and it was very low (maybe 200-300 feet up?). It was a greenish-grey. I noticed it was more than just a banner because it had depth to it like a rectangular box and it was being blocked from my view by a truck so I sped up to see it better and it just hovered to the left of the road on the north side. It looked very thick and it had other noticeable structure to it other than just a box shape, but I don't know how to describe it. (Phoenix skies are very clear and you can see for miles, especially down a straight stretch of road.) Anyway, it was hovering and then it started to descend. I kept thinking, this definitely isn't a banner because it looked very thick, and because it was descending like a craft. It actually stopped midair before it descended. Then it was gone from my sight because it had landed somewhere. I thought about looking to see where it landed but as big as Phoenix is, there's no way of knowing, but I did notice as I drove that some people were looking in the sky in that direction. It had to have landed in Mesa which is only three or four miles from where I was. Also, I figured it would be on the news tonight, and it's only just now 9pm, so I'm going to watch. But, I would like to know if anyone else saw this and if it's something I haven't thought of. I've never seen anything like this. I would like to know if other people saw it and if it's something other than a craft. I thought about filming it, but I was driving and my camera on my phone is horrible. Now I wished I had.
