{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526004","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29707","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2838,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/004/mufon-5526004.json","updb_database_id":5526004}
bright light size of football field, then tons of white smoke, planes shooting

traveling with boyfriend, me driving on the 91 frwy from around van buren towards 60 frwy, about a mile or less before they connect. it was slightly dark out and then it was very bright, there was traffic so we were able to look at it. i saw a bright white light the size of a football field in the sky to my left. i saw the light being attacked by what looked like toy planes shooting at the object (2 planes)then smoke. after that it was gone but the light dimmed in the smoke as it left. i felt the object fled so fast and with the light so bright that light was traveling slower than the object itself.  i was in the fast lane cars were stopped at this point. the year was between 1986 and 1993. i called the the news station and got nowhere but caught only a glimpse of what they had to say about it 5 days later. i only heard them say the bright light in the sky. in my heart i honestly believe i witnessed a UFO sighting and feel strongly that military was trying to shoot it down. it was so shocking to see that it stuck with me all these years. i even have told my children about it. i wish i could remember the date but it was only who i was with and where i was at and the incident. i never reported this to anyone in writing because i didn't want to be called crazy. i'm much older now and i know what i saw. if at all possible i'm sure someone has documented this and i hope they saw those tiny planes as well because i would very much like to read all of what they saw and compare it to what i saw. also, i would really like to know the date. thank you for your time. pk
location: Riverside, California
leaving Van Buren area on 91 frwy towards 60 frwy, before they connect. 
1. just picked up boyfriend from work. 2. the area lit up very fast.
3. UFO. but had to watch it to confirm what i thought. 4. i felt it left fast. 5. my boyfriend and i talked for some time about it afterwards. 6. the object flew the opposite of towards us because the light dimmed away from us. NO PHOTOS EVER TAKEN. 1 WITNESS, NAME GIVEN IF NEEDED TO MUFON ONLY. I don't recall hearing any sound at all from the object. i really don't remember any sound at all.
