{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-18 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504004","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54904","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3871,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/004/mufon-5504004.json","updb_database_id":5504004}
{kt}Alien encounter

My mom came to me in the morning when I was having my coffee. She looked terrified and said "oh my god ****** I had the most terrifying experience last night, you wont believe what happened?!?" So of course I was all ears and listened in to what she had to tell me. She said in her words " I was visited by an alien and I screamed so loud!" She went on saying that she was asleep and she had that feeling that someone was watching her so she turned around in her bed and said she opened her eyes and saw an alien face looking right at her in the face. She said she screamed so loud that she asked if I heard her from my room and I said "no, I didn't hear anything." So she went on saying that when she saw the alien face she turned her head around and closed her eyes saying to her self "Take it easy and don't be scared", and then my mom said that when she said those words in her head she felt her bed move as if someone or something jumped off her bed or shook her bed. That is when she then said she really got freaked out a lot more and looked for her remote to turn on the TV (everything in her room was off while all this was happening. So she finally found the remote and turned on the TV and got up to turn on the light in her room. She said she didn't sleep the rest of the night because of how scary and real her encounter was. I asked to her describe the alien to me as best as she could and she said the eyes looked like water and shiny with the typical alien eye shape that look like tear drops and huge. Also the elongated head of the being ( i guess your typical alien description that others have witnessed. My mom went on saying that the alien was bending over her next to her bed leaning to the left trying to look closer at her. She could really tell how tall the being was but she guess since it was leaning towards the left she estimated 4 to 5 feet tall. She told me she will never forget those eyes and the head.

Now hearing my mom scared about this was very interesting because she is never the type to be scared so much that she ended up sleeping in my room the next night. I told my sister about it and she said she cant believe our mom slept in my room because she is that scared. 

Crazy thing is when I was 12 or 13 years old I had the same experience except I couldn't move a single muscle or even scream. I know its called sleep psychosis or something like that but I saw the exact same alien being standing right next to me but it was standing up straight at me and when i was trying to move or scream the alien came down close to my face and I remember the eyes looked like water and metallic looking and he was also 4 to 5 feet tall. My aunt also had the same experience when she was young. 

My mom did not have the typical sleep psychosis that I read some people have cause she said she knows she was awake and reacted really fast. 

I don't know what it is about our family that they want from us but its really creepy but interesting at the same time. The more I talk to my mom about it the more in common our encounter is. 6 days later she is still terrified to talk about it and even think of it. Hope eventually there will be a real explanation to our encounter as to what they want. Thank you for reading
