{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-09-11 06:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476004","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7117,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/004/mufon-5476004.json","updb_database_id":5476004}
huge rushing thunderous clouds inside racing over rainbow lights

Michael Lewendon left daughters house in Burghfield heading for tilehurst home, early morning between 6.30 to 7.30 as we approached church lane, RG303TG I glanced out at the trees on my side of the van we were in, there are bad bends in the road at this point, and... my wife screamed out "WATCH OUT" hit brakes just managed to stop before going in ditch on my left, " what's wrong with you " she said by this time I was looking straight ahead afraid to look again without her confirmation, "have a look out my side window.
,What does it look like " I said " a spaceship" was her answer drove the van up the road a bit to get a better look, stopped the van and I got out of it to get a better view, WOW PHEW from being scared to death one minute to amazement in heart if that's the feeling, felt privileged, felt as if I was gifted to see such an event, this craft was hovering over a field no more than 50 yards away about 200 feet in the air it was 100--200 yards across 30 yards deep, looked Saturn like in shape, had a set of windows running through the middle all different pastel colours, looked as if they were flashing but maybe it was the rushing clouds inside the craft that gave this impression, the clouds were all small but were different shades, and they looked as if they were thundery, rushing through the ship, It was at this point I decided to tell myself to remember every detail as I was seeing something that was going to get investigated and my information could be of great significance we watch it for about five minutes no more, the ship moved off in an arc shape to our left going up as it moved, its path took it straight over the atomic research base 500 yards away, then it went parallel to the M4 motorway towards London, here is where we lost sight of the ship, it disappeared out of our sight (to far off to see) I drove up the road 500 yards and parked the van to see it there was any thing that I could add to this UFO sighting, YES the weather it was a bright morning don't think I saw the sun up yet but it was bright morning the best sky I've ever seen all light blue not a cloud in the sky anywhere, none not even a planes energy trail nothing. But there was two other objects in the sky, the moon looking like this ( in shape although tilted more, under this moon I saw a star shining as bright as any flickering quite large for a star I thought maybe its the space station, the star or space station was just below it.
about a quarter of an inch between your fingers looking up at it, remembering all the events of that day was going to be easy, or so I thought, we told our family first about the sighting and some were sceptic and others laughed, three days later there was a news article asking if anyone had seen any UFOs lately, I was expecting the press to be full of this sighting but there was none, it was then I felt as if we were being tested for our integrity or our ability to be trusted weird feeling, did nothing about it for 4 years or so, something triggered off my wondering why?
Started reading up about UFO sighting and people near where I live who I could ask some questions, and I told him all I told you, then he asked me what day it was? forgot the date? couldn't t remember the date? for over two years couldn't nail down the date? nightmare? then the other week I ask my wife to see when our passports run out? keeps them in a draw with other things birth certificates, insurance, etc., she came down the stairs with a piece of paper torn off dated 11th September 2004 and she had written on it SPACEDAY, brilliant as so I thought, easy now to find evidence? EVIDENCE OF THE SPACESHIP? So easy, no chance, 
(1) M4 motorway cams must have recorded it, the traffic police, and the BBC, have access to these road cams, no reply?
(2) weather photos of that morning sky again BBC and weather stations have this evidence no reply?
(3) Google earth must have evidence of the spaceship that day where is it? no reply?
(4) M.O.D Base has twenty or more cameras that could have recorded its flight?
Researchers the police, google earth, weather cam sites, mod, all got this evidence?
can't believe there's no evidence other than our sighting? over ten years ago now, and have looked every day in my email in box for a google UFO report that resembles our spaceship? nothing, the size makes most people look sideways, bigger than Wembley stadium, could have hit it with a catapult, watched it for 5-7 minutes, followed it up the road half a mile, spoke to weather buffs about the rushing clouds being the energy the ship used as its power?
Went back to site 2 years ago and realized that we must have entered into some type of time warp-tunnel hence why they never saw the ship, guess they never looked at any of the hundreds of instrument records that showed distortions due to this ship size? they needed to look at the evidence with regard to the speed we were traveling at? all the evidence to time travel is still there on their archives, I cant get anyone now to call up an investigation into this time warp possibility, we stood in the middle of the road for 8 minutes or more, you cant do this without being run over, every minute a car passed this spot we stopped, there was no noise, no birds. no planes, that morning, spectrometers, charts, dials, gamma ray, gravitational charts, radiation charts, etc. will show distortions, all they need to do is look, This spaceship was huge, came here to do something? never harmed my wife or I,
I have sent letters and emails to many telling them they need to look, to call an investigation, saying this belongs to mankind, but for some reason its as if they just ignore my requests, F.O.I request sent me a email address to reply to that never existed? There's not a television channel or Newspaper in England that hasn't read the above? Pictures on my Facebook page show the place and the size, we watched for 8 minutes, they cant find distortions? pwew, to this day they never looked. 
Michael lewendon witness
