{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-09-30 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523004","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32990","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3229,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/004/mufon-5523004.json","updb_database_id":5523004}
Observed large glowing blue/white hovering then begain descent

This is a follow-up event from my original encounter that occurred approximately on Sept. 15, 1989. I want to add that I reported the 1st event to my family, friends and girlfriend. None of them believed me.

I was travelling from Los Angeles to Riveside (west to east) with my girlfriend in her car. I was driving and she was on the passenger side. Again it was either hwy 10 or 60 and the approximate time was 1am. Somewhere near the city of Fontana.

All of a sudden, my girlfriend exclaimed what is that! I looked to where her attention was drawn. On the south side of the freeway, there was a large empty field that was lit up like a baseball stadium. There was nothing else there except the tall grass in the field and some trees lining the freeway.

Just above the trees, hovering was a large blue/white object. It was stationary but it cast a very, very bright light down upon the field. The object then started to descend towards the field. I then told my girlfriend that was the object I had observed 2 week ago and that I was not lying.

We were driving in the fast lane so I started to pull the car over to get on the shoulder. My intention was to stop and see what it was. I remember thinking to myself, I had to find out what this thing was. Then all of sudden my girlfriend stood up in her seat (yes stood up but she was hunched over due to the ceiling of the car) and started screaming hysterically that we were not going over there. She said it like 3-4 times and then grabbed the steering wheel. I lost control of the car for a brief moment.

I then told my girlfriend we were not going over there and to let me drive home. She calmed down a bit but remained standing on her car seat for a little while longer. I drove the car back into the fast lane. While driving away from the field, I could still observe the object in the rear view mirror and the brightly lit field. I lost site of the object and the field due to the trees lining the freeway.

The next day, I reported the encounter to my family and friends but this time I had another witness with me. My girlfriend corroborated the event but she refused to discuss the event further.

Eventually, my relationship ended with my girlfriend but we remained in contact for a few years. Every now and again, I would bring this night up but she always refused to discuss it. She said it really bothered her and she did not want to talk about it.

This second encounter occured 22 years ago. To this day, I wonder what would have occurred if I was able to pull the car over to the shoulder...
