{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-15 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488004","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3435,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/004/mufon-5488004.json","updb_database_id":5488004}
{rjl} while susbtituting a paper route for a friend, myself and a buddy observed unidentified object in the sky

in the early morning hours of october 15th, aout 3;00 myself and a buddy was substituting another friends paper route in thornville ohio. when we was only about 30 minutes into the route on ridenour road, my friend was observing something out the window. the next thing i know he says 'stop the car' he had a very serious demeanor, so i did. he continued to look out the window without saying anything. i was unable to see anything from the driver seat so at 3;30 in the morning and on a back country road i parked the car and stepped out. it was then i realized what my fiend was looking at. off not too far in the distance, maybe 150 yards out was an oval shaped object with red green and white lights on the bottom of the craft from four points flashing in random order. also on each side of the craft were wings. they were not like wings you would see on a typical plane. they were attached by what looked like to be a metal beam or rod and the wings themselves were u- shaped. the craft was ascending into the sky, neither of us ever saw it on the ground, just from the point of ascension. once it reached it maximum altitude of 250 to 300 fee at the most it began to hover for a few seconds. then it proceeded to move in our direction at a very slow pace. the craft was completley silent. it made no noise or left any traces behind it. when it finally reached the road where we were, it was about 300 feet directly above us. it was about a football field in length and diameter. while both of us stared up in shock and amazement, a 5th center light illuminated purple. both of us were to much in awe to move. the bottom of the craft appeared to be shiny. it then continued its path in the direction it had been going never gaining speed or altitude. it was at this point my friend told me to grab my camera, and i took 2 still shots and 3 short videos. we continued to watch it till it was out of sirte. we then got back in the car and finished the route, in the direction rhe craft had traveled. never seeing it again. it wasnt until morning that we checked our pictures.
