{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-16 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513004","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45291","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4295,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/004/mufon-5513004.json","updb_database_id":5513004}
(GS) Numerous bright orange lights in groups of twos, threes, and clusters

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

I was driving from Phoenix to Coolidge, Arizona going south on I-10E. My observation of these lights spanned the whole commute, always on the west and varying degrees of south relative to my location as I continued to drive.

2. What made you first notice the object?

Going south on I-10E, after passing Riggs Rd, two unusually bright and strangely colored light were apparent in the sky looking SW.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

At first, I thought it could be some newly set large, high-intensity lighting for some building construction I was not aware against the black background as the orange-yellowish color was somewhat similar to the color of sodium vapor lamps common here in Phoenix. However, as I continued to drive, it became apparent that the objects were not moving relative to other night lights indicating that the lights were many miles away and up in the air.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.

I would see these bright orange lights fade in, remain apparently stationary for some time, and then fade out. Initially, these lights would appear in pairs. However, there were at least three occassions that a cluster of lights appeared, light layers of rows, looking arranged something like this:

  X   X
X   X    X
  X   X

The cluster would not be parallel to the ground, but slanted relative to the ground. Whenever these lights would appear, they would fade in, remain for some time and then fade out, always appearing to remain stationary. There did seem to be some flickering much like the flickering of a candle at times, more than I would have expected from just a twinkle effect of viewing the light through the atmosphere. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

I was quite amazed continuing to see these unexplained lights throughout the whole commute, appearing and disappearing so many times. I speculated that it was possible that it was some kind of military testing going on somewhere many miles out SW. I thought that perhaps these were flares or some type of lighting technology. However, when I would see the clusters of lights, I was entertained to think that the cluster and pairs of lights were emanating from solid objects. As I continued to drive many miles, I began to notice that the lights would appear further and further down SW relative to my point of observation. Based on the many miles it would take before the light would seem to move toward behind me, this led me to believe that the total distance covered by all the lights I had observed would have to be at least 20-30 miles if not more. It was not apparent to me that when these lights would appear that they moved at all, and the cluster of lights would unchangingly keep equidistant from one another while visible.

6. How did you lose sight of the object? Coming off I-10 by turning on to McCartney Rd and heading east put most of the lights out of view eventually while looking through my cars rear view mirror. However, upon reaching my destination,which would block most of the view due to a mountain range, a SW corner of my view does not have a mountain range. I was able to show my wife a number of these lights disappearing and appearing that remained apparent from this angle.

7. I should note that I was able to see these lights not just one night. The most dramatic was 1/16. However, 1/17, on the same commute, roughly around the same time, I saw similiar lights again, but only a few appearance and no clusters.
