{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-08 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502004","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/004/mufon-5502004.json","updb_database_id":5502004}
{cak} Orange lights over Bozeman MT

I was on my way home Sunday evening in Bozeman Montana just after 10 pm traveling North on Ferguson from Babcock. I had been out visiting with my family for the evening. Out of the corner of my eye in the North Eastern sky, I noticed an arrangement of 4 to 5 orange lights hovering over the city at about 15,000 feet. At first I thought this may be fireworks as we are getting close to the 4th of July. I then realized they were slowly moving at about the pace of a Cessna airplane and could not be fireworks. I pulled over on a side street and got out of my car to watch. I tried to capture video or a picture of the objects with my phones camera, but it was too dark for the camera on the phone. One by one, each light continued to move over the city toward the same spot in the sky, hold position for a moment, then they ascended toward the stars. 

After a few moments, their light slowly faded out. Just as the last light was fading, I noticed another, single light, coming over the North East mountain range with the same color, size, and speed of the others. This light continued to the same spot in the sky as the previous ones, held it's position for a moment, then ascended to the stars and began to fade out. To my amazement, just as before, yet another appeared over the North Eastern mountain range following the same path and procedure. This happened about 2 more times and then I did not notice any more lights. During this event, I did observe 2 airplanes fly over that area and were obviously aircraft due to their blinking navigation lights. The stars in the area were also starting to come out and were bright white and had no similarities to the orange lights. This entire event I was watching took about 10 minutes total. This event was certainly interesting and made me very excited to have seen something like this for myself.
