{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-09-02 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291931","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111397","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5386,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/931/mufon-5291931.json","updb_database_id":5291931}
3 lights in a tight triangular formation high up blinking randomly, then all the sudden right above the trees in solid lights

First off I have never told anyone this besides my mom and that was just recently. I feel that either it's insignificant, or I just saw an aircraft and I'm just an idiot. I would love for someone to be able to tell me what I saw and why it did what it did. Would make it a lot easier after all this time

First off, I don't remember what year it was. I lived in a small town east of Concordia, which Con is the town the sighting took place. I was in elementary school, so I'm guessing it was mid 90's. I loved looking at the sky, at airplanes during the day and night. I have seen low flying stealth aircraft flying low over that small town, and have been right below B2 bombers during a training exercise, so I am familiar with these types of aircraft, though I am far from an expert. 

So during a trip back home, where I was in the backseat on the passenger side, my sister was in the backseat driver side, my mom in the front passenger, and her at the time boyfriend driving, we had just entered Concordia on the south side of town. Speed limit through that side was 35mph, and at the time it lowered to 30 around 9th or 10th street. We were heading north and I was looking out the window which in the 90's was normal for a kid. I looked at the sky a lot but usually in a car I just looked out the window at the scenery. But around 18th street I looked up and I saw 3 lights in the sky, almost as close to each other as they could be without touching, but there was a little space in between. I would say it was an equilateral formation, or close to. The first thing that was odd to me is that the lights seemed big, which was throwing me off on how high up they were.  the lights were circular, and I believe they were all white, though my memory may be mistaken about that. 

So I began trying to judge how high up they were. It looked like it was maybe 1000ft or so I would guess at this time. As a kid I had no way of giving a number to it. But the size of the lights and how close they were to each other kept making me think that they were way higher than that, so I was confused about that, and I still don't know. But anyway as I was trying to figure it out they started blinking. It was not in any pattern that I could tell, it wasn't at any set interval. It seemed random, each of them flashing on and off just randomly. It was around that time that I looked into the car to ask my mom what it was. But I remember having the distinct thought not to because then it might go away, and I'll look like an idiot. So here my memory may be mistaken but I'm pretty sure that its when I looked back out of the car, only a few seconds since I had turned my head from the window, that the lights were right above the tree lines, right out my window. At that time I just stared in shock, my head trying to figure out what happened. The lights were bigger, further apart, and I would say in more of an isosceles shape. All big, white, round lights. No blinking, just solid and I remember they were not bright, it was very easy to look at. We kept going up until 6th street, where we had to make a right turn to keep heading home. The lights went straight, where there was a viaduct and next to it was a grain elevator, where the lights were heading right for. Looking back on it I don't know if it would clear the elevator at the height it was, and if it would then it would just barely. Doesn't seem safe and like something a military craft would do, but I could be wrong. I don't remember any sound, and I know how loud B2's are when they fly right over you. And I don't remember seeing any engine or burn behind it. I wanted to tell my mothers b/f at the time to keep driving forward, but I know he wouldn't have. 

I don't remember seeing any craft or solid object between the lights, I just remember the lights. They did not seem like any aircraft lights I have ever seen. I'm not sure how slow aircraft can fly that low, but we were only going 30-35 mph, and if it were just an aircraft I would think it was a B2 or another bigger stealth craft, I would think it would have to maintain speed higher than that. I could be wrong on that as I do not know

Even if not, what has racked my brain all these years is the random blinking and being almost 100% sure that they were higher in the air, then all the sudden they were right above the trees, spaced out at different lengths and bigger than they were just a few seconds earlier.

If anyone can tell me what this was please let me know. If I just saw something mundane like a military aircraft, that would make me feel like an idiot after thinking about it all these years, but at least I would know.
