{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283931","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2687,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/931/mufon-5283931.json","updb_database_id":5283931}
Observed 3 pulsating orbs moving slowly in sky

Myself and a friend were up in the wooded hills behind our house at approx. 2am riding quad off road vehicles collecting old logging cable to sell for scrap metal. We had stopped at a spot where we knew some cable was at. While preparing to hook up to the cable I was turned away with my back to my friend when I hear him say "are those lights on the road up there?" At that point I turned around and looked up the hillside and spotted the lights he was referring to. There was three lights moving slowly to the north , all evenly spaced apart from each other with approx. 30feet between the first and last one. They were above the tree tops as I could see the skyline above the treetops. At this time we watched them for a min or two and I remembered I had my head lamp still on so I reached up and shut it off. At that instant, all three lights at the same time turned west towards us and dropped to the tree level at the top of the hill and decended straight down the hill coming to us. As they came, they were spreading out farther apart as if to get on both sides of us once they were down to our location. As they came down the hill it appeared as if they were having to go over the tree like they were walking down stairs and there was a tail of light streaming out behind each one. We were just able to start our bikes and flee as they were reaching our location. My impression was that they were coming directly to us and spreading out so as to cut off our retreat. They were extremely fast. I am sure that we were the only people out there at that time of the night. Since then over the next few years I have seen 3lights in a triangle formation in this same area. I have observed them on two different occasions with other witnesses. On those sightings they never came towards us. Some of the people that were with me are afraid to talk about these events I felt I should report this now because I think it is important for the record. There has been several other sightings by other people in this county and they're still happening.
