{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-02-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511931","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46401","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2887,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/931/mufon-5511931.json","updb_database_id":5511931}
{nd} I witnessed 5 to 7 lights (in a chevron formation) hovering over northeast Dayton, OH in the late 1970s or early 1980s.

I was on my way to my bowling league one night in the late 1970s or early 1980s. I believe it was wintertime, but not positive. As I turned right (north) onto Spaulding Road near Kettering, OH, I noticed a formation of 5 to 7 white lights off to my 10 oclock position. The lights puzzled me, as they were in a chevron looking formation, and not moving. At first I thought I may be seeing reflections from behind my car, but noticing nothing behind me, I rolled down my drivers window and the lights were still there in the distance, and just hovering. At the time of my sighting, the road on which I traveled was in a bare state-run farm field. My view was unobstructed for about a mile. I slowed down to about 15 MPH and continued to view the lights for about 3 minutes until my view was obstructed by trees and residencial development. The lights were about 40-45 degrees elevation from ground level and appeared to be more than a mile from me. The overall size was enormous, but I couldnt determine the distance from me as it was dark outside. They appeared to be at least a mile away and possibly 2 miles. I never reported the sighting figuring that it had to have been seen my hundreds, and I therefore didn't need to report it. I wish now that I reported it then, as my recollection as to the date it happened and exact number of lights fail me. I have included two maps to show you where I was at the time, and the direction in which I saw the lights. Upon seeing the Phoenix lights of 1997 on a TV program, I could swear that I was viewing exactly what I saw in the Dayton area, in relative size, elevation, and approximate distance. I have enclosed 2 maps showing the location and destination where the sighting occurred. I would like to know if this occurance was reported, and if so, what it was that I saw. I am an Air Force veteran, and at the time of the sighting, I knew of nothing that the military had in its inventory that would have explained what I saw.
