{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-09-30 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457931","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4872,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/931/mufon-5457931.json","updb_database_id":5457931}
{rjl} I have no reason to lie about anything I’m about to tell you. I’m just now coming forward after recently learning about MUFON. This is 100% the truth.

Hello, my name is [name removed/cms/rjl] I’m here today to tell MUFON about my encounters I had around 1998 & the most recent, about 2 years ago. Around the year 1998 coming home from church with my family, we were coming down the road, when my dad seen this thing in the air, with different colored lights from a distance. He stops and it just kept coming toward us, until eventually it was literally right over top our truck just sitting there hovering. I assume, 100-500 feet. We just sat there, as if we were almost in a trance like state, watching this object, with different colored lights, going in a circle around the bottom of it.. I remember red, green, yellow, just going around and around. So after sitting there for what felt like an hour, in reality it was maybe, 1-2 minutes at most. This thing starts slowly drifting away from our truck, then ZOOM it went from point A, to point out of sight in less than a second. I’m talking If you had blinked, you would have missed this thing, fast. So I remember it hovering, slowly drifting 100-500 ft. Away from our vehicle, then just zooms away at a mind boggling speed. I literally watched this thing go from hovering over top our vehicle to out of sight in less than a second. Over the course of the next few years, numerous other people seen the same thing we saw as well. My drunken uncle was with some buddies drinking, approx. 1-2 miles from where me, my mom, dad, & sister seen this object, he along with the guys he was with that night, was one of the very first to see it. No one believed them though because they had been drinking. My dad & mom quickly changed there minds after that encounter coming home from church. I can’t tell you what we saw that night, but I can tell you what we saw was not of this earth. NO human being could have withstood the force from the take off of this thing. It’s honestly unbelievable and sounds like something straight out of a Hollywood blockbuster. But it’s not. It’s an actual true event that happened here in eastern ky around 1998. It don’t stop there though. About 2 year ago me and my fiancé where out night hunting, running our dogs, as we were headed back to the truck, I happen to look up and see this light, kind of flickering on top of this mountain where coal had once been stripped. At first I told my girl it was just probably another hunter, people hunt it all the time. Shortly after that, this thing just ascends straight up into the air, 500-1000 just guessing and just sits there, no sound whatsoever, just stationary.. if you happened to walk outside and look up, you would have thought it was just a really bright star. So we sit there for about 15 mins with no movement, by this time We’re about ready to continue to head back toward the truck. So I shined my hunting light toward it, kind of made it mimic a strobe light or something. Soon as I done that, I kid you not.. what appears to be, 3 dimmer, lights, come out of the bottom of this thing and just starts going crazy, 2 shot to the left 1 shot to the right, they came in, and out, in and out. We were absolutely freaked out by this point. I called and told my mom if we disappeared we had been abducted. After they done that for 5-10 mins, they went right back into the bottom of where they first came from. I can’t say for sure but I think they’re watching/studying me for some reason. I know that’s just speculation, but the sightings I’ve seen is 110% genuine. Just to help put things into perspective, scientist say for every grain of sand on our beaches, we have about 10 planets per grain of sand in our universe.. think about that for a minute. That’s A lot of possibilities. To think we are the only intelligent life form out there is complete and utterly ridiculous, in my opinion. I Know for a FACT, we are not alone in this universe. The government has just done a damn good job at covering that shit up. If you guys are interested in getting some strange things on camera, just come watch the skies here in Eastern Ky. If you watch long enough, you’ll see things you cannot explain, trust Me.
