{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T00:41:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 615589, "source_file": "AARO-UAP-Records/pdfs/privacy-impact-assessment-pia.pdf", "source_sha256": "d2269ebdbde75b8abec82b2dcc62c0e9791782e9469631d51a29813a5696613c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 608, "chars": 4269, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PRIVACY IMPACT ASSESSMENT (PIA)
PRESCRIBING AUTHORITY: DoD Instruction 5400.16, "DoD Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) Guidance". Complete this form for Department of Defense
system.
1. DOD INFORMATION SYSTEM/ELECTRONIC COLLECTION NAME:
All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office Authorized Reporting
2. DOD COMPONENT NAME:
Office of Secretary of Defense
3. PIA APPROVAL DATE:
10/26/23
Office of the Deputy Secretary of Defense/All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office
SECTION 1: PII DESCRIPTION SUMMARY (FOR PUBLIC RELEASE)
a. The PIl is: (Check one. Note: Federal contractors, military family members, and foreign nationals are included in general public.)
From members of the general public
From Federal employees
x from both members of the general public and Federal employees
• Not Collected (if checked proceed to Section 4)
b. The PIl is in a: (Check one.)
New DoD Information System
New Electronic Collection
Existing DoD Information System
Existing Electronic Collection
Significantly Modified DoD Information System
c. Describe the purpose of this DoD information system or electronic collection and describe the types of personal information about individuals
collected in the system.
The All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO) will publish a website that contains information about AARO and Unidentified
Anomalous Phenomena (UAP) in addition to collecting contact information from persons wishing to make a voluntary disclosure to AARO
about U.S. Government and UAP events and activities. The website will facilitate the collection of contact information from persons who
want to make a report to AARO in support of the Congressionally mandated Historical Record Report and is, therefore, the starting point for
a secure reporting mechanism mandated by law in the National Defense Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 2023. Information collected from
persons wanting to make a report to AARO include: Name, email address, phone number, DOD identification number (if applicable),
current postal zip code, current or former employment status as a federal employee, U.S. Government contractor, or U.S. service member,
and currently or previously possessed a U.S. Government security clearance (i.e. yes or no). This information collection is in accordance
with DoD Directive 3115.18 regarding publicly available information.
d. Why is the PII collected and/or what is the intended use of the PIl? (e.g., verification, identification, authentication, data matching, mission-related use,
administrative use)
The PII collected will be used to contact persons that want to report U.S. Government activities and events related to UAP. Additionally,
information such as current/former employment status and security clearance level will assist AARO in prioritizing persons to be
interviewed in support of the Historical Record Report.
e. Do individuals have the opportunity to object to the collection of their PII?
X Yes
No
(1) If "Yes," descr be the method by which individuals can object to the collection of PII.
(2) If "No," state the reason why individuals cannot object to the collection of PII.
Individuals can choose not to provide their contact information to AARO and therefore, choose not to be interviewed in the future. The
contact procedure and potential subsequent interview is voluntary in nature. Additionally, persons can choose to provide their contact
information and not provide any security clearance information while still retaining the ability to send their contact information.
f. Do individuals have the opportunity to consent to the specific uses of their PIl? X Yes No
(1) If "Yes," descr be the method by which individuals can give or withhold their consent.
(2) If "No," state the reason why individuals cannot give or withhold their consent.
By checking a block next to text that indicates that the person is consenting to being contacted by AARO (in the event that AARO wants to
conduct an interview of the person), and then clicking, "Submit," the person gives their consent to being contacted by AARO.
g. When an individual is asked to provide PII, a Privacy Act Statement (PAS) and/or a Privacy Advisory must be provided. (Check as appropriate and
provide the actual wording.)
DD FORM 2930, JUN 2017
PREVIOUS EDITION IS OBSOLETE.
Page 1 of 9

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 549, "chars": 4089, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
X
Privacy Act Statement
Privacy Advisory
Not Applicable
PRIVACY ACT STATEMENT FOR UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT UNIDENTIFIED ANOMALOUS PHENOMENON (UAP)
REPORTING
AUTHORITY: 10 U.S.C. 113, Secretary of Defense; 44 U.S.C. 2107, Acceptance of Records for Historical Preservation; Section 1673 of
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 (Pub. Law 117-263).
PRINCIPAL PURPOSE: To manage general correspondence and reporting relating to unidentified anomalous phenomena. Information
provided may be used to contact or seek additional information from individuals reporting information relating to such phenomena,
including but not limited to any event relating to unidentified anomalous phenomena and any activity or program by a department or agency
of the Federal Government or a contractor of such a department or agency relating to such phenomena.
ROUTINE USES: The information solicited may be made available as a "routine use" to appropriate Federal, State, local, territorial, tribal,
foreign, or international law enforcement authorities to assist the All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office with authorized reporting of
phenomena, to appropriate Federal, State, local, territorial, tribal, foreign, or international agencies for the purpose of authorized scientific
study or counterintelligence activities, or for the purpose of executing or enforcing laws designed to protect the national security or
homeland security of the United States, including those relating to the sharing of records or information concerning terrorism, homeland
security, or law enforcement. A complete list and explanation of applicable Routine Uses is included in SORN DoD-0017, "Privacy and
Civil Liberties Complaints and General Correspondence Records," accessible at
https://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2023/10/03/2023-21863/privacy-act-of-1974-system-of-records.
DISCLOSURE: Voluntary; however, failure to provide the information may result in the inability of the All-domain Anomaly Resolution
Office to evaluate the information and engage in follow-up communications in furtherance of the authorized reporting or assessment
processes.
h. With whom will the Pll be shared through data/system exchange, both within your DoD Component and outside your Component?
(Check all that apply)
X
Within the DoD Component
Specify
X
Other DoD Components (i.e. Army, Navy, Air Force)
Specify.
PII sharing will be limited to select AARO personnel.
Component Security or Access Officials for facilitating a
visitor request to enter DoD controlled spaces for an
interview of an individual.
L
Other Federal Agencies (i.e. Veteran's Affairs, Energy, State)
Specify.
State and Local Agencies
Specify
Contractor (Name of contractor and describe the language in
the contract that safeguards PIl. Include whether FAR privacy
clauses, i.e., 52.224-1, Privacy Act Notification, 52.224-2,
Privacy Act, and FAR 39.105 are included in the contract.)
Specify.
The government website host will be the IL 4 Cloud
Environment hosted by Google.
• Other (e.g., commercial providers, colleges).
Specify
i. Source of the PII collected is: (Check all that apply and list all information systems if applicable)
X Individuals
Databases
Existing DoD Information Systems
Commercial Systems
Other Federal Information Systems
Information provided by an individual will be collected via a properly accredited web host (i.e. accredited for processing and hosting PII)
and subsequently downloaded and saved on a DOD/AARO controlled shared drive folder. The folder will be restricted and only accessible
to those AARO personnel managing the interview process.
j. How will the information be collected? (Check all that apply and list all Official Form Numbers if applicable)
E-mail
Official Form (Enter Form Number(s) in the box below)
In-Person Contact
Paper
Fax
Telephone Interview
Information Sharing - System to System
X
Website/E-Form
Other (If Other, enter the information in the box below)
Information will be collected via fillable fields on AARO's website.
DD FORM 2930, JUN 2017
PREVIOUS EDITION IS OBSOLETE.
Page 2 of 9

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 530, "chars": 3699, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
k. Does this DoD Information system or electronic collection require a Privacy Act System of Records Notice (SORN)?
A Privacy Act SORN is required if the information system or electronic collection contains information about U.S. citizens or lawful permanent U.S. residents that
is retrieved by name or other unique identifier. PIA and Privacy Act SORN information must be consistent.
X Yes
No
If "Yes," enter SORN System Identifier
DoD 0017
SORN Identifier, not the Federal Register (FR) Citation. Consult the DoD Component Privacy Office for additional information or http://dpcld.defense.gov/
Privacy/SORNs/
or
If a SORN has not yet been published in the Federal Register, enter date of submission for approval to Defense Privacy, Civil Liberties, and Transparency
Division (DPCLTD). Consult the DoD Component Privacy Office for this date
If "No," explain why the SORN is not required in accordance with DoD Regulation 5400.11-R: Department of Defense Privacy Program.
I. What is the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) approved, pending or general records schedule (GRS) disposition authority
for the system or for the records maintained in the system?
(1) NARA Job Number or General Records Schedule Authority.
DAA-0330-2023-0002
(2) If pending, provide the date the SF-115 was submitted to NARA.
10/9/2023
(3) Retention Instructions.
Pending approval "Cut off after supersession/update Destroy 3 year(s) after cutoff
m. What is the authority to collect information? A Federal law or Executive Order must authorize the collection and maintenance of a system of
records. For PIl not collected or maintained in a system of records, the collection or maintenance of the PIl must be necessary to discharge the
requirements of a statue or Executive Order.
(1) If this system has a Privacy Act SORN, the authorities in this PIA and the existing Privacy Act SORN should be similar.
(2) If a SORN does not apply, cite the authority for this DoD information system or electronic collection to collect, use, maintain and/or disseminate PII.
(If multiple authorities are cited, provide all that apply).
(a) Cite the specific provisions of the statute and/or EO that authorizes the operation of the system and the collection of PII.
b) If direct statutory authority or an Executive Order does not exist, indirect statutory authority may be cited if the authority requires th
peration or administration of a program, the execution of which will require the collection and maintenance of a system of record
|10 U.S.C. 113, Secretary of Defense; 44 U.S.C. 2107, Acceptance of Records for Historical Preservation; Section 1673 of the National
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 (Pub. Law 117-263).
n. Does this DoD information system or electronic collection have an active and approved Office of Management and Budget (OMB) Control
Number?
Contact the Component Information Management Control Officer or DoD Clearance Officer for this information. This number indicates OMB approval to
collect data from 10 or more members of the public in a 12-month period regardless of form or format.
X Yes
No Pending
(1) If "Yes," list all applicable OMB Control Numbers, collection titles, and expiration dates.
(2) If "'No," explain why OMB approval is not required in accordance with DoD Manual 8910.01, Volume 2, "DoD Information Collections Manual:
Procedures for DoD Public Information Collections."
(3) If "Pending," provide the date for the 60 and/or 30 day notice and the Federal Register citation.
OMB Control Number 0704-0674 (Expiration Date: 4/30/2024). Collection Title: AARO Contact Form for Authorized Reporting
DD FORM 2930, JUN 2017
PREVIOUS EDITION IS OBSOLETE.
Page 3 of 9
