{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T10:26:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 143, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6668833, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/federal-bureau-of-investigation-fbi-files-on-ufos/ufo12.pdf", "source_sha256": "de52c79c37cb38dccfaeaae7eb928c7d2db1e1b2e544a5cd620f681fffd6b8ed"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 553, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THIS FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DECLASSIFICATION EFFORTS AND RESEARCH OF:
THE BLACK VAULT
THE BLACK VAULT IS THE LARGEST ONLINE FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT / GOVERNMENT
RECORD CLEARING HOUSE IN THE WORLD. THE RESEARCH EFFORTS HERE ARE RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DECLASSIFICATION OF THOUSANDS OF DOCUMENTS THROUGHOUT THE U.S. GOVERNMENT,
AND ALL CAN BE DOWNLOADED BY VISITING:
HTTP://WWW.BLACKVAULT.COM
YOU ARE ENCOURAGED TO FORWARD THIS DOCUMENT TO YOUR FRIENDS, BUT
PLEASE KEEP THIS IDENTIFYING IMAGE AT THE TOP OF THE
PDF SO OTHERS CAN DOWNLOAD MORE!

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1331, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JDHNEON COUNTY
DEPARTMENT OF CIVIL DEFENSE
MONROE AND JACKSON STREET•
FRANKLIN, INDIANA
20 баливту 2063
I. J. Edgar Iloover
Dirootor Foderal BuraRu of Inrestigation
TashizGtoo, D. C.
DOES BLT&
I vould firat like to apologizo lor uritirg to you direct, bomerer, I baro
alearod this sorulay with our state Dirootor end be surfests this prooodura.
He bare been hating sose success mith our Ground Observation Corps as we bare
(4) porte here in the countye i. Elf
idis-id
Last Fall I mas contected by ore of our local buaitess den tastrig to bäor ss
Lat 1 bud tor ated ap oind the sul ray na dor au e a le
are Interusted in Flyjug Saucers cito work in our Cirl1 Detense Frogran. Ne aro
oaly too millirg to co operate ia ary vuy se can with Civil Dolenso.
Ihe oity of
Franklin 1s approxinstely trenty (20) ailes southnest of Indíaraçolin, on tbo dual
IaDe bigbarzy D 8 731.
I an enclosing a letter which wus reocirod. last Ostobor, as well as the ourrent
188UE OS/SM.CE REVIETi.
Hould like to knon is this organization bas bees olearad oI
se subversivé ta any way.
I mould appreciate your expediting this Inforaation beck to ue 60 that to mill
coon moat steps to tale in furtuer entiutins interentea pergons in our prors.
Is you do sot require the enolosures ploase roturs thes.
p'ie"i"l'
o !
11.se2s
BECORDED-84
INDEXED-84
4I-XJ
1 21.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 661, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*2:;
SPIÖ RIVIEW
WE WANT YOU TO MEET.
FETESE
IViKE OTETICAS es-e Ceperin. No
prigiaal bros at a chetk.
He Mar r ite and enres chitde, tol e e Dosis 21, dom sie de 21Z, Dians.
18, and Michee! 14. Hobbies are arrigia
ading sod oches joursetiatic gearain
acluding portry, plus en unebetred e
ad Since the formarian af Ciril Defer
a year ox so ago.
ie tres decama a eyar
to industria personecl.
nator and bactures threc mesings mackly
prave o Be ut moti chone pre la spa ia is acivin end wil ritene e dauți
AsOCuTI BErTON
(Nexa lesuau-April 1, 1933)
POST OFFICE BOX 241
BRIDGEPONT 2, CONN.
US.A.
Batara Postrgo Quaraniao
To:
ON
Pranklio,
Indiana
101553
=..=
7 tie:

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2691, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EXCERPTS FROM A SUMMARY OF A FIVE-YEAR
FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATION
By Goorgo D. Havecatt,
and Councl, 158
ane of the mat dacied no species i ide el an it one from 0 a
Snacer" phenomene Since the su
mover of 1847 waco the first seuces scere broike out in
He United States, I bare speor
nuch of my time, monky end energy seeking a solution
so this nodle. hile caring on my private lay
destions I mas eble to intervicar seneral
estionamera, scientists, pilore ena
guided mistile experts, who hed spotted these reuce
r a least had been investigarian or madyiag dom arange objecta, in addition to the
nervices I have lalked to many eft-witnesses who hed sigbied these objecs througton
he Unitea states ena heve meiled que
antines out to many others.
Nough i de been unterested in this pacedeena from the yery hrsl, my sighting of a
orange disk liks globe which borered ten four minutes over the Lynchburg College an
minimratan buildiog in Lynchburg, Vi
:, tedling with a phenomena that is as fastereo as i in fascinating. Many of the reports tha
I have room able to gother in my colloction cond
ome recent thoughts ebout tbe "Hypne mucers" are that perhaps there will be eom
andings soon. This doesn't acem nos los Inkted in that these fying saucers are still bein
seen everyoisere, for longer periods el conn. and in groups instead of alone, as well an
more reports of huge seucer or racket shure Thes, too, they scam to come and go et will
perhaps being sationed as satellites themarlor..
I icel that our government mus kaire somning about these surers because in thy
opinum di this very moment the United Soles (resernment is carrying on an educationa
program regarding interplaneiary travel of eur rountry. Perhaps space ships from other
planets are already here! Al uny role, whether thry art trying to prevent religious con
proversy or panic or for any other motives which try might have, our government is still
: releasing, denying, suppressing end rurn plating reports as intervals for some reeson.
Regardless, the future will sell! In closing, I'd like to use a favorite phrase of Charlie
1 are i gs hour foling Dolent he: So, or later were bookid to indu de
In this all I can say is, "the soones, the better."
EDITOR'S NOTE: Mi. Facet's discussions and opinions will be found in future
issues of Spaie Review.
ATTENTION MEMBERS AND OFFICEA» If you sould re interested in receiv.
ing all ensblem to wear un your cost lapel wilt out club leners "ISB" engraved on a
Saner background me would be interesied in inning. We connor order these emblems
Taless we yet enough people showing interest The price mould he approximately $1.00
fash. Pleast let us know as soon as possible. Thank you!

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 2990, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
•RACE LEVIEW
SAUCER SIGHTINGS &Y IFSB MEMBERS
Exclusivel Man Franklin, bandone and Surreumding Towns
SIGHTING NO. A—On the momias of July 88, 1932 in the skies to the soutbees aad
at time dysly peer dimen or peded dragon or Aige me.
the objects no derinite steps were takes by ehe arany or ochermisc. Toe report is as follows:
There were three objects, one larger and brighter then the too smaller objects. The
he two smaller objorts cast oft a dixincher unte of their oryn, one being an orange hu
nd the other a moddish color. The two unaikr ares wrmed to be in a don firht all thei
own, since they exeruted barrel rolla, loom and spins They made turns of to degrees and
is deprees without losing any stance of greed, as well as dancing up and down as if
onrune was playng with & giant
per yo
The objects mude single sorties to the south
completely our i
siphe, to return almons immediately into vira afain, joining the other
in a neally roo wind show of turns, toups and spins. We estimaled their beighe as approxi.
mately 19 Our foe. while their speed varied frans an earimated 1 900 miles per hour to an
estimated In une rules per hour, fren wah a pair of binoculer in wes almost an irapcs.
sibility in my-mine any exart shape orber than that they appeared so be round and hel
is a slia.. Thry were observed for a period of four hours and fifteen minutes. Dawn
came al l 48 d.M.
and all stars had gone around 5:00 am. At 5:03 a.m. A war bright day.
light-and the three objews were still virole. Their color did nox change in daylighs
At s:ll am. the larger of the three onjecte was joined by the too ametter ones; the smaller
abierts one at a time disappeared shone the larger, first the orange, then the red. After
resume to envelope the too smaller atyeris it moved up and to the west out of sight. Tor
pearns of the three objeits and the disapyarance of the larper look exactly 90 seconds.
1. a rects were veribed by: Edintung Police Dept.. (amp Arerbury, ind.; Columbus
Lori
Iepe.: Seymour Stare Police Iepe., Freenshurg Pullie Dept: North Vernon Police
Milan, Ind. Mr. Mare and Me Mund are ISh members nom.
(minerarille Siate Pulne Pose: Fort Wayne, Ind.; and
SIGHTING, "). I-Louie Masonict, Jr., Argiesentative for Minnesota
menier a mund objest Nortiao of do u Prairie, Minnesota about 2:30 p.m., April
212: 818: Il aas a dull pray color, traveling
soar 290 MPH and when it exended their
was a los hum, it was anour 9,0xXi teet high,
and was visable for abour 45 seronds. Direr.
tion of fupty dias lion East 1o Wiel in on thrent path.
YIGHTING NO. 6- Alan K. Sir, Minile: Irun California
Sighted a dia shaped obja. i. he last ol los Angeles about 9:08 p.m. on Sep.
lonher 22, 1'52. Il mas a yellowish ture in colon and remained in a stationary position.
for staus i suonds. It was dinar 1! lufrees abors the horizon. It was about s0 feet in
danketer anal traseling dur nort
When sending in pous oof or on don, or sighing. please five she dare sbas yale
i is er. or Thand you'

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 3077, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'ACE REVIES
'TO ALL MEMBERS OF THE I.F.S.B.-
GREETINGS FROM ENGLAND
Cop. Hopar L Plankon, stat Rapresentativi
me on the verge of a breath-teking disconery! Yes, i beliere we really are! To
"Too many goo
een have seen Flying Seucers for
The minctrenth and reventieth centuries here produced a number of astonishing dis.
coveries notably she dreaded atom bomb, and ales has had to discard in many cases pre.
viously held convictions such us that "ranites is inderructible"
Even the average layman today, due to inchesed educational lacilities, and access to
diverglure of all kinds, has a very good ides thal dile in all its forms consins of "energy".
and that this energy
toor linka back to some form of puisaring orbital sinicture liki
unto the universe
but on an infniterimally smaller scale. Therefore, it is to me at least-
quite believable that il is possible thai somewhere-something- someone nes solved the
riddle of this energy.
etheric. eloctroenagnetic, vall it what you will. Maving progressed
to far, il follows that given elements apable of wichsianding immense stresses and strains
the propulsion of what has become known as tie "Flying Saucei" becomas e possibility
Il is known thar berween the Sun. Moon, and oar Earth, and presumably between other
inter-planetary and nossibly interstellar bodies more Exists magnetic lines oi forcE, ther
if some larm oi aircrait or saucer has control el the saeers of attraction and repulsion
these lines of force which by the way never touch one another, would form the perfect
turns, inesmuch that these known magnetic wares emenate in all directions.
imam hr point of view of the average thinking man in the street, I say, "l believe the
Ayine suker docs exist, end that the coming years will vindicate such men as Captain
Merell, Kennein Amold, and rountless other pioneers in this feld!" In conclusion, may
I say to all IFSB members al horns and abroad.
"Parry on the good work, and above ail,
do not be disappointed, discouraged or Arluded by the jeers and sneers of the ignorant
so called majority."
The best of everything for be New Year ehred!
Yours irsiernely.
MYSTERIOUS CRAFT
Jut of the dark, mysterious, depits a
space,
Came strange looking craft d e resen
dous pace.
Their course was true, the third planer
from the sun,
Their orders: Don't return until your task
is done.
Down they descended; some got our.
"Be back in 24 hours,
" the commander
tald the scout.
• Time oent fast, all returned..
Off went the craft, desting ill iteye
leared
The decision was reached, never again,
(in this small planet they'd ever land
Wers, corruption, prejudice and greed,
Made ihis the morsi of ai mansts, al!
aprecu
E. I. PLUNKET!
OUT THERE
by Victor Root
Out in space lies my desting.
Out there, beyond the douds:
Where winds have not yer blown,
Where man hes not yer gone;
That's wbere I long to rosm.
Out in space lies my destiny.
Out there, among the stars;
: Where night is forever ruling.
Wini solitude is soothing:
That's where I long to roam.
•Give se a selver shup.
To makr the happy trip;
Out thes, among the stars.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 354, "chars": 2514, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MCE REVIEW
DIRECTORY OF REPRESENTATIVES
The following one eddivional repressoname, since our less parbliceion.
BRITISH REPRESENTATIVE-Edgar L. Munkett, 71 Chedeorth Rd., Horbeld, Brietel
1 Englend; Assiscant Representative los Brikein--Denia Plunikett
FUERTO RICAN REPRESENTATIVE-Luis Lahrice Sos 23, Pence Santisg
COLOLADO Veraa M. Hampion, 124) Alcott St., Deares
MAINE-Allen Levinsky, 39 Allencic St., Partland
MISSOURI- Ralph Herzel, 6 Scaradele, Se. Lones 17
NEW JERSEY-Augus C. Roberts, 443 Ogdea Are., Jerry Cit,
NORTH CAROLINA-David T. Benton, Box 130, E.C.C., Graenrilk
OHIO-Robert ( Sitnelle, Sr., 714 McMakra Ave., Cincinnati..;"
OREGON-G. 1 McColly, 324 Jerky Si., Salverton
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA-P". I L. Dev, 3119-7th Se., N.M., Peshingbor
WEST VIRGINIA-Gray Barker. Haz Dd1, Clarksburg
Above names will nos be pabinard again. Additional name, in farare issaos.
Anyone ibes wisbes lo correspond wilh alber mombers will ploase send as permission
le prins your name and address so sher achers will know ibes you desire correspundence.
'e do mor
i pablest lises of onr members names and addresses mishons pormistion from
«bem.
LET'S LOOK AT THE MAGAZINES
READERS DIGEST FOR JULY 109i -Too articles. "Have The Visitors frora Space."
and "Flying Saucers New in Neon Only."
TRUE MAGAZINE, SEPT: 1498-*The Flying Seucers and the Mysterious Little Men.".
OCT. 1992-'We Flen Abore Flying Seucers.
DIT 1992— "Whet Redar Tells Aboue Flying Seucers."
MiliA MAGAZINE, OCT. 20, 1952-"Moonbound," Page 18.
CIN LIER'S, OCT, 18, 1932- "'Man on tha Maor."
(X.T. 25, 1932-"'More Abour Man on rhe Moon.
PK. MAGAZINE, NOV. 1992-"How Do daucers Fly?"
SIR MAGAZINE, DEC. 1932-"Flying Sainer and the Air Around Us."
MR. MAGAZINE, JAN. 1933-"1, Washragion Alreid of Flying Saucers?'
MAN TO MAN MAGAZINE, JAN 1993. - "Flying Saucers Are Not New."
THE MYSTERY OF OTHER MURIDS REVEALED -A Fawtet Book No. 166. Ex
aliers. A four star edition- one il the finest to dale in the pulp line. Coe Is. We
diă all sucti-minded foll m: pet this magazine, It is only once in a great while
the a publisher puts oul vad a rine publicalion. Conlains news of Space Travel;
Flying Savers; and Roukrt Itr-krment.
Tbere magazines are in she lISA LIBRARY as part of our collection. We will send
wrillen information lo anyone chai mry have questions on above magazines.
Coming in April "SPACE RIVIN" '"SAUCERITIS" by John Armitage of England.
An artile tha will make you really THINK!
A COMPLETE LISTING OF ALL OF OUR OFFICERS AND COUNCIL MEMBERS .

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 381, "chars": 2230, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ACE REVIEW
.. HIGHUGHTS ABOUT REPRESENTATIVES
ICK CAMPBELL, dep. Indiana-Rep, Carpbell bes written us meny intercsing lett
o aided in making his horne town of Franklia the anly city is the world with the mo
PSB members. At present it totals over toranty. He tres assisted by Mr, Louis Frahra, en
ir. Ja0 Moors of chai plect
J. ROLALI ALBERT, rep. Ontario, Cerade Will be appointed Represcotative of
CANADA AT LARGE. Doing a fine job. Would like more Ceradians to join club.
IFSH wich this saucer map.
hare to move to Californie in the neer future. Ju will be very hard to replace such en
arderie
EAKI!! MACADDUS. Rep. Kenrucky-Obteined too new members for IPSB. One of
shem er tutora a Mrs. Glenn C. Fuller, eno a flying snucer. Her report will be in our dest
quer Person". Mr. broaddu i spreading the word about IFSB.
DIANE MICHANAN, Rep. love areined a son member, and hes clippings she is.
tends in arrad in to IFSB
SAIL SPRAGUE, Rep. WisconsinGal is quite the cartoonist. She sent in a cartoo
lur us ohat really made the International Staff roll off their chairs. She showed the parlo
from. Look at my cleen rug.''' She also sent us a fine poem that appeers in this issue. Gail
obrained a new member for us also. She sure is showing fine interess.
55":
ALLAN LEVINSKY, Rep. Maina-Claime that very few people are sering sucers in
Maine. Is doing his best to get people interesend in IFSB.
ROBERT R. RITTER, Rep. Tenneser-Chalks up another member for IFSB.
LUIS LUHRING, Rep. Puerto Rico-Mr. Luhring has sent us numerous clippings from
Puerto Krio about saucers. He plans 10 get as many people as possible to join IFSB. He
says that the interest in saucers is as great in Puerto Rico as anyplace else.
SAshton, D. fashis member of the clare aerend DeMo.Dam, es he piv in t
., the first member of the clesgy. Reverend Daw. Mr. Daw, as he prefers
1o be called by club members, is doing great work for IFSB. We are anxiously awaiting
to see his actual photos of saucers, that he took himself.
RONALD KINNEAR, Rep. New York-Towk upon himscif to advertise in his own
state and had 30 post cards printed and plans in mail them our, in his stace.
- meet tale bearam you so please damn best geese menibly rabro roll.
iNS 1M 0101 81018.

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 2667, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IB RIVIEN
"MY THEORY".
by 1958 Mambors
THEORY NO. 6 Submitted by BARBARA KNORR, Morber from Connecticut
verybody retros to achere that the "mucers", Whalenes they are, come iron th
Solar Sylem.
I do not believe any aches plene bur ours cen support intelligent life. Pe
haps plant life, bul not burnan.
beings themsciren.
THEORY NO. 7-Submited by Represeneare LOUIE MASONICK, JR., of Minnesota
My theory is one mo IFSB members mer to have. Fire, I believe they ere from an.
other planet. All those stars must have someshing going ground them. All those celestial
bodies musi be up there for some rason, besides to look al. Then, elso, they may even
be from our Solar System.
I do not think an official egerny ul our government should come out and say- oe
do not know what they are and whether or not they are a monace." The best way to reveal
the objects would be through clubs like the IPSB. I do not believe chat they are a menace.
I think there is intelligent life on theon and that they are just observiag us.
THEORY NO. I-Submitted by Reprentalive ALAN RIEVMAN of Connecticut
My theory on the osigin of the dying saucers" is that chey are defnitely real and
re from one of the planets of our Solar Syrem. I do not believe thai they ase from one ol
the orher Solar Systems. These "neighbun'
probably thought thar our planet could not have
intelligent life upon it, but with tik no donnis explosion they may have changed sheir
minde
• in
I am sure that they are not from Earth because if they were outs it would be impos.
able wu seep it quiet and if they were trom a forrign government they wouldn't be flying
over the Unred States. They would risk being shot down and their secret revealed to us.
THEORY NO. & Submitted by Represenia, VICTOR ROOT ofalllinois
interent eage that there you seer aerid They ship not try lo and operated by
us for many reasons. One is that are are lou warlike and emotional. Another is that we
have diserses which may harm or evra kill them. Some day when we reach out and touch
the planets que may meet them. A ras of intelligent crealures other than ourselves, cer?
lainly does exist.
THEORY NO. 10-Submitted by AL. AV STAZER. Member from California
I think that the "Ayins saueri' ate from the solar system of ALPHA or PROXIMA
CENTUARI. Most likely the 3rd or 4ih planel. The planet is probably abour 4000 mailes
in diameter and rwo-thirds as big as she earth. Son orher reasons are that Centauri is too
far distant for observation of such a small body as a planet. This star is of about the same
size and the same spestral, type-GO, as the Sun, Editor's Note: WOW!
All ibearies become she proporiy of IFSB and connor be resurned.

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 469, "chars": 2917, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PACE REVLET
SCIENCE FICTION NEWS
• Atan C. Norwe
Vicor Rock Illinois Rep, of IFSB, bes
xience-Fiction mags for male, or free
lange. He is selling them for & desal
Trite to IFSB for address
The DECEMBER, 1932, issue of TATE
regazine il a must to all IPS& Issber
ind officers. It contains an article by Ca
11s Fulles, entitled,
About the Saucers." A complete dece
sury of the incident of the scoutmaster
desirihed in our Januery issue, is discussed
rth a picture of the scoutmaster. sub
VRIBE TO FATE MAGAZINE ANI
KEEP UP TO
DATE ON THE
SAUCERS. M'rice 1o 106 Dempsier Street.
Eransion, Illinors
New Pocket Hawk, on Stands: Dell No.
6,27,
"When Worlds Collide" by Philir
Wylie and Edwin Baimer. Porker Boo
No. ant, "New Tales of Space and Time",
dard by Raymond J. Healy.
Thanks to Ray Palines for our letter in
the December issue of "Other Words
Clark Publishing Co., 806 Dempsees Se..
Evansson, Illinois. Let's subscribe.
NEW BOOK BY VIKING PRESS
"Auros the Space Frontier",
: edined by
Cornelius Ryan, $3.95, Viking, New York
RANDOM HOUSE HAS DONE IT
AGAIN WITH: "By Space Ship to she
Moon"
written by jack Coggins and
Flercher Pratt, foreword by Willy Lay. $1.
SCIENCE FICTION NEWS LETTER,
by our Council Member, "Bob"
Tucker,
.P.O. Box 702, Bioominglon, Illinois.
THE UNITED STATES ROCKET SO.
CIETY, Box 24, Glen Ellyn, Illinois.
Hollywood is coming out with two
good movies:
"War of the Worlds" and
The Conquest of Space".
SAUCER REVIEW, by Elliott Rock.
more, a member of our Council, P.O. Bos
1. I4H, V'all Sc. Station, New York 1, N.Y.
anees of tape recorders or tire s
orders: Join T.R.I. (Tape-respondent
Internatoast. Send your noice to your cos.
respandents) 3488-2200 Sx., San Fran.
cisso 10, Calif.
BORDERLAND SCIENCES RE
SEARCH ASSOCIATES located at 3924
Adame Ave., Sen Diego 16, Califoraza
would like to have IFSB members join
their society.
Many new Science Fiction Mags are hit.
ring the newslands and some are good
while others are the usual run. A few of
the better ones are: Tops in SF: Scienc
Fiction Quarterly and Fantestic.
Too food S-f books: "Robots Have No
Tails" by Lewis Padgett and "Player Pi-
ano" by Kurt Vonnegur. Both humorous
line.
The officers of IFSB are planning on is.
suing & 12-page bookles sometime next
year with a complete recard on all saucer
reports that they now have collected. This
boaklet will nos be a regular issue of
"Space Review", but a separae issue and
will sell for s0c to everyone. Our Presi
dent, Mr. Bender, will write the foreword
with comments throughout by officials o
IFSB. The bookle, will be entitled: IFSE
REPORTS ON THE SAUCERS. If inter.
ested, write!
We would like members and officers to
send in snapshots of themselves so that
when the time comes for us to print pic
tures in Space Revies, are will have the
phoros available.
MENTION "SPACE REVIEW" when
writing lo any of above mentioned pub.
Irations:
• Te and it eliminated in feure
vucers".

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2681, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
≤ I REVIEW
EDITORIAL
In 1492 Columbus diecorered a ser morld after traveling thouseads of railes ecrom
tbe greet expense of unknoma meiers called the Allestk Ocean, It was a grees adrenture
get one till oes laughed a, ridiculed, end cras spoke of as a "folly".
Heif was a small group of men searching for whet lay beyond the knows, endeator.
ing to unfold the mysieries of lands the west not supposed to exis. All they had ter
three amall abips laden with provisions shai doey estimaled would lest the journey. i
The sees suese infested with monsiers, so the skeptics said, and the world was dat
with a dropping oñ piace. Columbus proved stase fallacies to be wront, when he lended
in the West Indies.
The years directly ahead of us will ae another great adreaiure such is this. A anall
group of men mill resemble in a certain dergrated place, clinab into their ship, a ship
vastly different than that of Columbur's lime. This ship will be a rocket stop, and its oc.
cupants will shoot off into the vast was of space to find not morlds, aer peoples, and
new frontiers.
They will be laughed at, they will be ridiculed, and the whole thing will be called
the greatest "folly" on earth, bus will a te such? Tire han proven chet impossibilities
become realities- the automobile, thr sirplane, radio, ickpbons, relegrapt, relerision,
and the smashing of the atom are defate proof. All is posseble to une uto beliers,- and
I am a sound believer!
FROM THE ASSOCIATE EDITOR'S DESK ..
The mysteries of space have losu, 'ascinated most people on eerth. One need not be
a ronomer to gaze in dove at the mill which uniolds beloit the eyes as we gaze sky.
•.. in any clear night.
¡he resness of space is diffrals no explain, even los astronomers. When distances
air podden of it is simpler for learned men to use the term "light years" than miles. The
auster of relestial bodies suspended in space like our own earth are unknown. The
purse are from millions on up. the they remein just that-guerses.
. orho make our home on a mere cindes of matter in the eyes of space, cannot be,
naive mough to think that intelligent life exists only here. Those who beliere that there
is a purpose for everything which happens, should agree that these millions of bodies in
spa, e must serve more of a purpose than jun twinkling brightly on a cleer night..
Published quarterly by Albert K. Bandes. Editor; Max Krengel, Associate Editor; Printed
by Reliable Press, Bridgeport, Conn. Subscription Price: four issues, 10 members, $1.00;
1o non members, $1.40 per year. Individual copies $.35. Exclusive publication of the IFSB,
P.O. Hux 241, Briugeport 2, Conn, U.S.A. Send a news and articles 1o this address.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2683, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
: REVIEW
*SUTTON, WEST VIRGINIA MONSTER MAY BE
"COLLIER'S" ROCKETI""
dor. S. L. Daw, Washington, D.C., Raprozartettro, 1731
1 ha
the plait
per one lan phd in Chid Ay, & ex Virginia. alsod ped to do pool raches
ere one landed in Charlesion,
I sen and falked to a police offcer who was burned by one in Wheeling, Wer Virginis.
My own cousin was the doctor who treaied him.
i attempted to phorograph one going over Melesse Pass, 3000 leet up in the Blu
Ridye mountains, as I was di a beight of 2300 feet at Wahala Glen just directly opposit
from Melessa Paus. The picture was nor too good due to the mist fram the mnountains.".
: The object then landed ar Charlesion, Wen Virginia was described as a large metal
amall person. This was described in Coller's magazine of October 11, 1932.
Arcording to the Washingion Daily News, the monsier seen a Sutton, West Virginia
could toe the rocket described in Coller a magazine. The picture on the cover of the mags.
sine shows a sphere-headed, wide-borrorsed, tank bellied rocket craft spewing out burning
hydrazine and nitric acid as it lands hind end on the moon. The Wes Virginia people
claimard to have seen: "An object estimaled a 10 feet tail, four feet aide at the bottom
dile if It whope of a man. Two inghes hasned from side to side, the machine made a poise
like gas escaping, and a sharp suckenus; whir ods shout," Sounds somerhat the same.
The Uniled States may be experimamme with something that the public is nox sorare
of, and it is doing its best to keep i a on the age of rocket ships is just around the
CIVILIAN SAUCER INVESTIGATION OF NEW ZEALAND
CONTACTS IFSB
• The Civilian Saucer Inves gamin of Nro Zedend was set up in New Zealand on
Oration With the Governmentore armed for or than society to which is member
armed fonies, or to any society to which ies membery
may belong. Mosi of the memiors have been wudying flying sauces reports for at leas
man in the strett.
of the Territorial Air Force, shu re the terroany of CSl of NZ: Mr. G. H. Gilmore, avia.
tion engingering inspector; D. Larais, a studre sudying for a science degree; and E. J.
Greager, an estronomer and engineer.
Aims of the commities air lu correspond with kindred bodies overseas, and to ulti..
mately find the origin of fying van ers and chris unmparison.,
Mr. M. H. Fulton, and Mr. R 1. Las aru lure been made members of the Internationel
Council ul 1FSH. We hope to rstablish ireral, relations with this soriety and fee a rep
suntarise irs New Zealand. CSI scis to IF! « large map of New Zealand showing all t
spots alle saucers have been sighted titt
sooth will be made in burned, door waland thebest of pack
and hope they will be a suciess.
..i.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 411, "chars": 2679, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
So 79 REVIEW
SAUCERS IN THE NEWS
MALAGUEZ, PURiTO RICO, Oct. 3, 1952-:
• DASHINGTON, D.C, OCt. 16, 1993-The
Strange objects were sighted by toro per..
sons in Mayaguez on Ort. 3, day were
truising Eist and were red in color. It was
abour 10 tu p.m. when they were sigtited.
NORMATIND STREDEN, OUT. 13, 1932÷,
During Ortober the Norwegian Govern.
ment stared that a strange object resemb.
ling a saurer landed on Norwegian soil.
German experts are claiming that the de
ices die of Russian origin, and the des
cription given by Norway fts the descrip-
sun piven by German experts. Stockholm,
Sweden, has also been sighting strange
objects.
MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA, Sept. 13, 1982
•oh goung momuri signted a noiseless
peeen hall flying ton fast to be a plane or a
mercor. She said in selled liko a rorten
rudes oi about 40 miles. The belloons were
as tell do a 10-story building.
PARIs, FRaNce, Ort: 7, 1932 - 1 Bying
wucer was sighted over Southern France
by too Air France pilots.
WESTERN KOREA FRONT, Oct. 29, 1932
;U.S. troops sew a hall-dozen mysterious
spark-throwing "certribeels" over the wes
rein front of Korea. They were as the eye
vecs. 18 inches in diameter, moving in t
13-loax circie, i
GAILLAG, SOUTH OF FRANCE, O0. 29,
1952 - For the second time in pro weeks,
20 townspeople of Grillac set a series al
• Egf.
STUTTGART. CRAMINY, Nov. 1, 1952 -
. At the reces marring of the third Inter.
sational Astronaurial Conpress in Gorr
nady where 200 mirentists from I2 coun
tries gathered they saled that saucers en
not from Mars or any other planer. Thary
sain they ers merely optical and amule.
Not illereas.
passed overhead they let fall a sort of:
sring of brighe ahme threads, obich set.
Iled genily on tress and telephone linea
When tho
Wy mated Tick cied pope then ap.
1.ou i: 141 NET YORK-A terrif air
iracked
antewaiks
and reusti general
МАЛІС.
« beduled at that time,
INTEXNATHINAL AIRPORT, NET YORK.
U8.16.1932—1 blue flame flashed over
Interatunal Airport at 7:33 pm. it was
a bary tail-like object. Hayden Plencta..;
enor ow ill scared it may have beto the
our braul of a meteor.
almosi es soon as it was touched.".
OLORON, FRANCE, Ort. 17, 1992-10out
a dozen people, including a schoolmaster,
ino flying saucers surrounding a long cigar
like object bying through a clear sky at
about 6,000 fert..
NEW ZEALAND The clippings and star.
ies from New Zealand are swamping our
office and are so numerous that sue must
devote a whole pape to them in our April
issuc.
circular. It maintained a slow forward
For moré derailed information on any i
of the aborre, please a ride 80 IPSB.
and then took all
Pledie dule your clippings sbal you send
la st. and nose ibe 1oMIce.

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 539, "chars": 3328, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Spaí: Revieu.
I: carrago
1-26.
Copyright 1953 by ALBERT X. BENDER
VOL: II, No. I
IFSE
Of
Cap
' January: 1933
::Bridgepon, Coon, U.S.A..
BRITAIN ORGANIZES
E. L. Plunhers Appoimsed:..
ritiso Represenialive.
FRANKUN, INDIANA JOINS EN MASSE
bune-i Men, and Publi Oficials Join
IFSB. To Form Ouin Cily Group.
The City of Franklin, indiana, has gone
• L. Piun-
• kett, of the tch Army as British Represen.
tative. Mr. Plundelt resides at 71 Ched.
worth Rd., Horneld, Bristol 7, England
Dims, son of Mr. Plunkell, is the assistant
representative, bur is
now serving his
counery in the Roya. Air Force.
Rep. Plunkett has shown great interes
and foresight in forming the IFSB in the
British Isles. Numerous articles have al
wared in leading newspapers through his
"fors. He is planning on using local halls
an auditoriunis to give lestures and stor
did of an edipida upe
Tales plans to give talks a the opa
lu it iut of that alty which is a semi-
war veterans type of maicty
Many people in ine British ines nor
onlalted Mr. Plunkett slowing great u
terest in If Mort of these people ar.
very learns, midividuals surt da offlers in
the Armed tones, members of the British
Inter-Planetary Society, Acro-Dynamists,
newspaper reporters, and flying sauer en.
thusiasts.
At present Mr. Plunkett in holding
weekly meetings at his home, wirere they
l'suss IPSB and flying saucers in general
fur further information about our Brit.
Representarve see page twelve of this.
sut fully for the IFSB and is now the onl
iny in the world thai has the most mem.
ers' in our organization. Through the
ircat efforts and work of Mr. Louis Frahm
iusiness man; Mr. Jack W. Moore, police.
man: Mr. Robert Wolf, civilian defense
'directos, and Mr. Dick Campbell, IFSB
Representative for Indiana, this great ac.
‹ amplishment was made possible. At this
publication, Franklin can claim 20 mem-
ers will ten from nearly towns, giving
¿ loral of 30. Since all this interest has been
arousco Mr. Frahm plins to form a city
group with their own chairman, secretary
ena treasurer. Among the members you
vill fine policemen, librarians, mechanics,
omus idl pilors, business men, bus driv.
ers, riadenis, en. The group plans to pur.
hass d'elen ope of suitahle power. In ad.
* Jation In this they pian 1o rig up a 3% x
Irfares ramera with an optica. typ
ew tinier anut upeen door handle on eac
idy for rest hanulung.. This i the equir
nent tracy t'lali lo start with. Later. if ?
nances permin, they may build a portable
TALAI SIT
"rankio. Indialia, enu nearby total
have been iortunar in having had at least
Keports of thes sightings are reviewed in
his issue of Spare Review.
LUIS LUHRING NAMED
PUERTO RICAN REPRESENTATIVE
"Mr. Luis Luhring of Punia Santiago,:
Puerto Run, has dicepted the position of
Kipresentatire dos che island of Puerto
Run ite will handle all IFSB business in
chas place. Write do Box 23, Punta Santi.
apo, Purro Rico. Mr. Luhring is a very
«spable man and will and the IFSB greatly.
OUR PRESIDENT, HEARS FROM ":
PROF. EINSTEIN
Mr. Al K. Hender, President of IFSB
received a letter irom Professor Einstein
with this inessage: "Having no experience
and orly supertial knowledge in the field
al regret not to be able to comply with
vour requests.
Mr. Bender wanted his:
upinion on the Mying sauiers. This
oas
hi Profeson's reply.
62-83894-336
Hat'

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 202, "chars": 1338, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Intornatanal Alying Sauces Bureau
"All i possible to one who believes
ALBERT K. BENDER
*Preader and bir
MAX KRENDEL: 74
MANG ARE
Sacroien
•FRED 1. BENDER
;: Historta
-INTERNATIONAL
COUNCIL:
ROBERT N. WEBSTER
VILSON -BOB- TUCKE
•Sarnas Newshare
FLOTT ROCKMONI
¿Edian • Publisher, i
"Sanct Revieur
OBORCE D. FAViCin
STANLEY E CROUÕN
Titan. Science and,
adame Magain 1
FRANKLIN A DILI. 1.
adron ond Probleate
merry On
INTIRNATIC
CHLA
OQUARI
Octobex
1952
MUTISH AEPRBSENTATIVE
Hoard Cafe ad
HT.
949
Franklin, Indiana:
Dear M. Prahi!
unce again I as bappy to write to you about
¿ited and your fine
*i' grow larger and stronger.
work 12 help 03/07-0740
ld your last lotter you aöked wbat coursa. or
your club should take in connection vith, IFSB.
vould, susfest the 1p110w1ng:
Appointia local Chairmen of the IPSB 1i
Franklin,
Indiana.
Also appoint a
treasurer and secrotary."
"Hold your neetings at"least
where you can discuss
BRUCeT
happening
club activities..
Uso a local hell,
yet, bold the seetings at
each others
Il and mies you fore your ova city
certals portion of tao club messership te
say do retained Dy you to belp your
caus
ur: Dick Campbell, i en Internationa OffiCer
In IPSB and should be
your gatberlags.
pala puch
respeC
15
ho will do asy post card
cards of siniler size.
(6)
Tou can print your clubractiv
kevier"
251.
1g.
unu

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 1090, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The
International Hying Saucer Burean
'"'All le possible to one cho bodiever".
LBERT K BENDE
MAX KRINGEL
Hoefred and Tracy
LAN C RAVICAN
Sacrosan
8. 0. BOX 211
MAIDORIORT 3, C0N
üs'A
y'.:
)II (.
(8). Hoport to IPSB all reporta and eightings 1a
your area.
"Hoveror; Thres pot the sightings
before your group and les thes judge whether.
they are authentic or sot.
(9):: Koop a recort of ell eldo denoera 1a your
and their activities do tar es ISE 1a CODCOrEd, A
(10). Coraln il possible (merely a suggestion), a tape zi
recorder so that you can send actual voice to ya"
IFSB beadquarters:
In this vay, I as President,
could aend bessages Ior you to play at your local
aotest and attendane of a consu
eyen day your city
' "Phese are all merely suggestions Ior" you to ponder, oper
and 11 you decide to adopt any if then please consult with
Indiana lepresentitivo, Mr. Carpbell.: After you have
1 on this,
get in touch with me at sace.
sincerely hope that those sugsostions will help you
ring Bone move as to whut your local stoup will do,
АКВ/ д: =
AlleriK Bendit
Alvert I. Sendor::
President

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 141, "chars": 830, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
at 3st.
Mr John Edgas Hoover
fin 24, 1453
tas tingelif tal
Federal Berean of Irveatization,
washington, D.C.
I ran ter, tores
Flying Sucks-
This is being witten to yow
If you pie it he fa, are to eit air.
beake if such tenomicion of mesage is tole term
PuRpOSE:
A PLAN FOR BRINGING DOWN ONE OF THE
STRANGE AIR VENICLES AS SIGHTED OVER JAPAN
AND
ELSEWHERE IN THE WORLD; FND THEN
To
BE
STUDIED By OuR SCIENTISTS.
EQUIPMENT NEEDED:
• GUIDED MISSILEs, that may be quided from the
ground or a Mother Ship or made to home
these strange objets. through Rader ef Radis
org
•A DEVICE
which when sighted from
- Grouno
EBar in Twilight on Darkness resembl
veerato o f
these
Cruft. as to=
SO 1! 03123:
Sharpse
shape
size
Flying
Right tarater
May be necessary
to
Use
tics
Ballain or
a best flyiy Zephis
THIS. Is the:
Jet crift, Hehcopter.
itt

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 131, "chars": 794, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3.
Belu the Desery "Hishly acurere guns, cannons
Fainth Miser Deepy or algaeur Bros
to de
4. Highly
Staret and Stillid Persened.
To picient any leak as to plan; and able
ti carry out speration
to be surcessful
the first tread if
passible,
sid peroy ep a an Hier Knearn te baie
consistenly seen fliese strange objects.
Sert
to predetermined Altitude, dad Brenn
flyly petteres
Se that fur Crews Below
are
alert
to let gi instantentrusly linen String
craftippicades te mapstigate cum Deccy,
Pects and cir Fraind operators should be
(n
61•1
Area where wi can retrieve the
fallen inject.
Of firse
If it is known that there coyeets
Cire
"fle
other planets
the need for brimgrig
Is not emmadrately imperative,
dispictfully
spectfully sumitted to the for it
if you sees it minishe
hes Angeles, failif.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 114, "chars": 758, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
October 28, 1852
Incinnati 31, Obse
Dear:
.°
I cant to thank you for your letter and the
I have taken the liberty of forwarding a
copy of your letter and the enclooures thereto to
the Departaent of the dir sorce, Snaanuch da tae
matter poserred
to in your letter to within the
juriadiction of. that Departsert.
Sincerely yoursa
John Edgar Hobbetu. or
Director
35;
OC.[80 1952
137
EX-j
Ite Records Section has been unable to locate a cross
rejerence on the name
enci. poge 7).
In vien of the siforsation contained in !
$$
18
not belteved the reference will be pertinent in
this ins tar
This
action ta being tater
to espedițe the Bureau'a reply
the
File mentiones above concerns nune cheot requests.
poto 18
Ос я.
OCT 2 • 1952
PAAILED 25
677 NOV 1019521-
1386

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2220, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandum. UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO
DATE: October 27, 1952
!!
FROM : V. P. KEAY
TOLA-I
SUBJECT: FLYING SAUCERS
DIRTIE_
Mar te
SYNOPSIS:
Air. Intelligence aduised of another creditable and
unerpleinable
sighting of flying saucers.
Air Intelligence
Hotr
Maroo.
Darcy!
still feels flying saucers are optical illusions or atmos-
pherical phenomena but
"some kilitary officials are seriausly
(considering the possibility of interplanetary ships.
BACKGROUND:
you will recall that Air Intelligence has previously
kept the Bureau aduised regarding developments pertaining to Air
Intelligence research on the flying saucer problem. Air Intelligence
has previously aduised that all research pertaining to this problem
is handled by the Air Technical Intelligence Center located at
fright-Patterson Air. Force Base, Dayton, Ohio; that approrimately
90 per cent of the reported sightings of flying saucers can be
discounted as products of the imagination and as erolainable objects
such as weather balloons, etc, but that a small percentage oj
extremely creditable sightings have been unerplainable.
DETAILS:
colonel C. M. Young, Erecutive Officer to Major General
John de Samf.ord, Director of Intelligence, Air forcemeduised on
october 23, 1952, that another recent estremely creditable sighting
had been reported to Air Intelligence.
A Navy photogropher,
traveling across the
United States in his oun car, sau.
objects in the sky which appeared to be flying saucers.
He took
approtimately thirty-five feet of motion-picture film of these
objects.
He voluntarily submitted the film to Air Intelligence who
studiel by the Air Technical Intelligence Center.
Experts
at the dir Technical Intelligence Center have aduised that, after
careful study,
there were as many as twelve to siiteen flying objects
recorded on this film, that the possibility of weather balloons,
clouds or other explainable objects has been completely ruled out;
and that they are at a complete loss to eiplain this most recent
creditable sighting.
The Air Technical Intelligence Center experts
ointed out that they could not be optical illusions inasmuch as
• optical illusions could not be recorded on film.
Id: _83894-323
inst
21 OCT 30 1952°
..d

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 369, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nemo to dr. A. H. Belmont
from
P. Keay
RE: FLYING SAUCERS
colonel Young aduised that Air Intelligence still feels
that the
so-called flying saucers are either optical illusions
atmospherical phenomena.
He pointed out,
horever, that_some
Military officiols are seriously considering the possibility
interplanetary ships.
ACTION:
None.
This is for your information.
1'14

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2432, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STANCARD FORTH NO. BA
Office Memorandum . UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
DATE: October 8,a Las?
".H
I, SUBJECT: C
FLYING SAUCERS L
Reference is made to an article which appeared in
"The Wew Yorker" dated September 6, 1952, which is attached.
This
article which was written by
BEBE
said contained
inaccurate information regarding FBI investigations,
indi-bl
cating that the FBI conducts certain inguirios regarding
flying saucers at the request of the Air Force.
pointed out here that, although the Bureau did at one time
conduct some investigations regarding flying saucers, a
present agreement has been set up with the Air Force whereby
the Air Force conducts all investigations pertatring to flying
saucers and the Bureau, upon receiving complaints of this nature,
merely
turns the complaints over to the Office of Special
Investigations (OSI), which in turn transmits the information
to Air Intelligence.
Air Intelligence has set up the Air
Technical Intelligence Center at Fright-Patterson Air Force
Base, Dayton, Ohio, for the purpose of coordinating and handling
of research pertaining to flying saucers.
Inquiry vas conducted in order to determine, if
possible, the source for the information appearing in the
attached article regarding FBI investigations. Lieutenant
Colonel I. I. Free in charge of the Espionage
Branch,
Counter-Intelligence Division, Office of Special Investigations,
advised that no one in OSI has been contacted by i
• and he
suggested direct contact by the Bureau Representative with
Air Intelligence to determine if
et had been in touch with bl
anyone in that organization in order to gather information for
his article.
Colonel C. l. Young, Executive Officer to Major
General John A. Samford, Director of Air Intelligence, aduised
do one is To so talligeno Contes 96.1 202802+
Air Force Base,
Dayton, Ohio, on september 30, 1952.
Captain
Ruppelt aduised Colonel Young that they have never indicated
in any way to l
• that the FBI has an interest in flying
saucers.
Captain
Ruppelt stated that the FBI to his knowledge
has never been called upon to furnish reports on flying saucers.
Ruppelt is under the impression that !
or picked it up from
made the story up lit:
some magazine or newspaper article sometime.
back.
Both Colonel Young and Captain Ruppelt are thoroughly
familiar with Bureau policy pertaining to flying saucers.
Attachments (2)
RECORDED - 116
BOOKED 1954
1. 4232303
... i:
INDEXED -116X-04

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2225, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nemorandum gor Mr. A. H. Belmont, 10/8/52
colonel Joung suggested that further contact be made with
I'r. Albert chop of the Office of Public Information, Office of
the Secretary of Defense,
who represents the dir Force in
public relations contacts pertaining to flying saucer matters.
1r. Chor was contacted and
aduised that he was
jamzizar
with the attached
"New forker" magazine article.
that backd had gathered most of the material about two years ago
when considerable publicity regarding flying saucers had appeared
He does not know where
a gathered the material
at that time but assumes that he gathered it from various sources,
such as other newspaper articles.
Fhen the recent publicity
regarding flying saucers appeared in neuspapers, aila renewed
his interest in flying saucers and otterpted to bring his
article up to date..
He contacted Ir. Chop for further current
66
information. ir. Chop aduised that he gave Lang some routine
items of interest regarding flying saucer complaints and
investigations by the Air Force, but that he instructed.
not to contact the Air Technical Intelligence Center for further
information from that source. Mr. Chop also aduised that at
no time was the FBI mentioned and
that he has no idea where
bobtained the information appearing in his article concerring
FBI investigations.
Ir. Chop aduised that he is thoroughly
familiar with Bureau policy pertaining
to flying saucer investi-
gations, and that he at no time has indicated to any uriter or
neuspaper representative that the FBI conducts investigations
pertaining to flying saucers.
Ir. Chop aduised that, if the
Bureau desires, he would be glad to contacts
_ to discreetly
determine where
• obtained his information indicating that the
FBI conducts investigations pertaining to flying saucers.
stated that he could make this contact without indicating in
lany way the Bureau has contacted him. He was aduised that his
loffer of cooperation was appreciated, but that it was not
Ildesired that he make such an inquiry at the present time.
There is attached a current mineographed form
containing
current information regarding the whole flying saucer matter
which was turned over by Chop.
This is the
information which
= 2 -
*=

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 208, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
© ‘ : e

Memcrandum for Mr. A. H. Belmont, 10/8/52

ts ordinarily gtven to newspaper reporters or writers who
make inquiry in the Office of Public Information,

ACTION:
None. For your information.
se M
~ 3e-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 619, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dates
To:
October 28, 1858
Director of Special Investigatione
I'he Inspector General
Departaent of the dtr force
The Pentagon
dashington 83, Do Co
Trom:
John Edger Hoover, Director
RECOROLD • 143
Federal
Bureau of
Invertigation
Subject: FITING SANCERS
-=.
There are attached for your information
a copy of a self-explanatory letter dated October 21,
2852,
and the enclosures thereto, recalued by this
Bureau Sros L't.
I has been aruised that his letter
has deer referred
to your lepartment.
f8 being
taken in this natter by this Bureaue.
No further action
ВНИ: СеП: пЕ3
ОСТ 2 0 1052
COMM. FPL
12 83943, 4.
IT NOV5 1052

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 72, "chars": 437, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hate bird ge
CAFETERIA STYL
WASHInGTOn DiC
18TH AND H.ST. N.W
PHONE NA 0216
21-10-52
ear Sire,
were we thing a de he an une milit
On fundas, s october
when this fictios ass coher. Waitts of
time, nd strik its finist
on the negative and sisten, wont he
1 I ilialit
have noticed it.
I we said am her head mything
cout things" and offect, as cocktet
and thin to you, infand a dout, hit,
hing differt. Bett
RECOPPED. 17 16 i
10-29-3°p EN77)

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 266, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "clean-vision"}
IF
N.CINNATI
Whek int
P.s. If pasnitle, and/o convinet, plesne
atun negatine a puictire, or actinsuledge
recept y some.
E tii
ES DEFI. 'F JUSTICF
: g 5
J30P 1.
З0N08S3 0Jă0
iSMaE0S Rasm e casnl
:adon g. 1210;
gai".
•I 8 S.r
NIERAAL SECURITY SAO
[d822 4
→
trase
t=tº

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 93, "chars": 635, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
)
Invoico of Contento fron
PEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Deso Octobar 6, 1252
case Belorances
Directorute ai spacial Invost.
INVESTIGATIO" OF POSSTBIE.
UNITENT I FIED FLYING OBJECI
Department of the dir force, Tie Pentagon
"shineton, To an
Atts bi.
Eat oi Contonta
PC-33951DB
Mr.
Mr.
el through 06
• I through It
497363
103: 1952
Mr
REGT: TE ID M'AIL.
:662.13144.
BRITAL INSTRUCtIONS:
IS Room, place date os abipment and ragiotry namber! Bhipping Boom, i
date of shipment and initial thie inroice; thes
ratura l6 to persos abore samó la
right.
After
this checked name
bees initialled, larolee should be placad la adrais
atrative
fil

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 149, "chars": 1035, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE ' ‹
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.
30 September 1952
Recd from Am Mishgence
115a mo
MEMORANDUM FOR:
SUBJECT: Couments on Article in The NET YORVE?
A call was made to the Air Technical Intelligence Center,
1330 this date, (Captain Ruppelt) regarding
the attached article.
2.
ATIC did not in any way indicate to
that the
an interest in flying saucers.
Furthermore, Captain
toppert stated that the it do his knorledge rac never bocalled 6 i
upon to furnish reports on flying saucers. ATIC is under the
impression that
made the story up or picked it up from
a nagazine or newspaper article sometime back that definitely
was not associated with their organization.
3. ATIC suggests that you check further with Mr. Al Chop,
office of Public Infornation, and perhaps he can supply you with
the information you have requested.
1 Incl:
Article IT NEN YORKER,
atd Sept 6, 1952
Cirectorate of heatrent Group
• i
UNRECORCED COFY FILED IN
10- 50
"і'
670
+62-858841-370
, ост. 12223
60 0012915

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 261, "chars": 1846, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
Office of PuBLIC InforMatioN
WASHINGTON 25. D. C.
Recd fow hus
Albert Chat
The following Infonation concerning Air Force investigationa of unusual
serial phenomena 1s submittod in ansver to your request.
In the Fall of 1947 the United Statos Air Force took official notice of
reporto of Bo-called "flying saucers" becauso the reporta from the pudilo
Indicated that the problem night be related to the Air force respongibility for
the sit defense of the United Stater.
on Docembor 30, 1947 the Air Force directod its Air Materiel Cormand, at
Wrigit-patterson All force baso, Dayton, ano, to Bot up a project to collect an
evaluato all available facta concerning
"Ilying saucer" sightings.
To porform this tast the All Materiel Cormand obtained the services of
cirillan and milltary astronomers, psychologisto, aloctronic specialists,
meteorologiats, aeronautical engineors, and physicists.
On Docember 27, 1949, after 375 roported sightings had been invostigated, the
Air Force, with the concurrence of the Army and the Navy, announced the findinge
of the "flying saucer" project.
The evidence at that time indicated that the majority of the reports of
unidentified flying objecta could be accounted for as misinterpretationa of
parlous conventional objecta, a mild fora ol hystoria, meteorologloal phenomena,
Iight aberrations, ar hostes.
There remained, boveror, a number of unexplainod sightings, and the Alt
Force has continued its Inpestigations inamich as it is an All Force responsi-
Bility to identify and analyze aoríal phonomena that could possibly be a menace
to the United States.
Subsequent to December 1949, thege investigations have been conducted a
a normal Intelligence function, rathor than a special project, by tho Alr
Technical Intelligenco Contor, Wright-pattorson AIr Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.
!..
370

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 439, "chars": 2908, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To dato, the Air Force has undertaken to Investigate and analyze about
1500 reporte dealing with these phenomens.
As befora, most of the roports were
¡dentitled and disposed of as Irlendly aircraft erronoously reported, known
electronic and meteorological phenonena, 11ght aberrations, hoaxes, and other
known natural occurrences or man-made objects.
The unexplained reports, howerer, which are in the ordor of 20 percent of
the total, cannot be definitely associated with these fomiliar things.
DIfficulty in Evaluating Reports
The difficulty in disposing of those unexplained roports 1a based largoly
upon the insufficiency of accurate basio data such as sizo, shapa, composition
and flight charactoristica (speed, acceleration, altitudo, exact maneuver pattern,
etc.) of the objects.
That munna have ben very in
Although some inatrunents which are useful in obtaining moro accurato data
of this type have been avallable, the reports based on sightinge with these
Instruments have been very infrequent and compriae an oxtrenely small percentage
of the total.
Moreover, oyen these reports have not included much of the
information required.
Because of tho inadoquaey of this basie data, the Air Forco has in the past
devoted its efforts primarily to determining whether these unexplained sightings
indicated the exiatenco of a menace to the ünitod Statos. Initially it waB
believed thet some pattorn might evolve from the study of a large volumo of
reports.
To dato, no pattern has materialized to reveal anything whatsoevor
which can be interpreted as indicative of purpose or consistency or which cen be
construed as a menace to the United States.
Nonethelcas, since these unexplained
sightings persist, the Air Force will continue its invostigations, giving the
problem adequate but not frantic attontion.
It is now felt, however, that roports from poople whose training and
experience in observing acrial objects qualify then to obtain essontial data
are the only ones likoly to produco matorial suitablo for systematic analysis.
The Air force 18 planning to provido additional tools to help theao observors
obtein the basic data it neods.
Reporte of similar phenomena go bact to Biblical times, there nave boen
flurries of them in various centuries. The current series of sightings began
generally In 1946.
There aro many reasons why the volume of these reports has increascd
naterially during tho paat iow years. Aorial activity originated by man nas
increased, and poople today have a greater curionity about this activity than
provide an incentivo for reporting unusual observations, for publicizing thom
and for rocording them. However, the ability to measuro these phenomona doca
not seem to have advanced in stop with opportunities for obsorving them.
_Air Force belloves that moat of theso phenomena will gradually bo understood
as more is known about occurrences in the upper atmosphore.
- 2 =

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 382, "chars": 2455, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sourco of Roports
The majority of reporte of gerial phonomona havo come from civilians, About
reported by militery personnol.
qualifled scientists. Although primary significanco le attachod to reporia from
qualiflod oboorvors, there 1e no intention to discrodit untrainod observors.
Radar Sightings
Tho Air Force has rocoived many roporte of unusual imagos on radar scopos.
It 1s fairly well cotabliahed that somo of theso Images are ground objects
reflocted from a layor of warm air above the carth (a temporature inversion).
Temporaturo Inveroion refloctiona can giro a return on a radar scopo that
is so sharp as that receivod from an aircraft, Spoed ranges of theso raturns
are roportodly from zoro to fantaatic spooda. The "objocte" aleo appear to move
in all directions.
Such radar sightings havo resultod in hundreds of fruitiose intercept
efforts.
ono sciontific thoory holds that light can bo similarly reflected from a
layer of warm air abovo the earth and, if provon to be corroct, this could
account for some visual sichtinge.
Bearing out the theory of tomporaturo inversion reflection le an Incidont
which occurred in January 1951 near Ontridgo, Iennesaco.
Iwo Air Force aircraft
attempted to Intorcept an unidentified "objoct" and actually established a radar
"lock" on the object. Iheir altitudo at the time was 7,000 lect. 'Ine unidentilia
does cordle to tholt radar, appared to Do at an clovation of ton to 25
Three passes were made in an attempt to close on the objoct. In cach
Instanco the pilots roportod that their radar led then first upward and thon
down toward a apecific point on tho ground.
Ionized clouds are believed to bo the causo of some unidontifiod radar
returns.
Thundorstorm activity le idontifiable by radar, and radar is used for
the purpose of avolding thundoratorms. In addition, radar has picked up many
objecte first reported as "unidentifiod phenomona" which wore lator Identifiod
as aircraft, birda, balloona, ice formationo in tho air, or othor known aerial
objocts or manifostations.
Policy Regarding Attemptod Intorccption
No ordors have beon lebuod by the Air Defendo Command to Ita fightor units
to firo on unidentified aerial phenomena.
Tho Air Defonge Cormand is charged
with air dolenao of the Unitod States, and its misdion ia to attack anything
airborno which 10 morn or oppouro to De bootllo. Thio ohould not bo Intorproted
to boan that our pilots will firo baphorardly on anythin that flles.
-3-
:.:

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2651, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Attempto at interception aro not mado ovory tine that w wintified imzes
appoar brictly on an Alr Force radar scopo. Current air Force intercoptore aro
ahort-range, short-duration, rich-spocd aircraft and can bo omployed moat
offoctively whon it 1o poseitle to track a targot by visual or radar icans
as that ita postion in the air at como futuro timo may be prodictod with a
IcagonablO dugroo of accuracy.
Mothoda of Evilusting
The first atop in oraluatire sightingo of unugual aorini phonomona is to
colloct all evailablo data enà chock it againat imon airborne objecto such ea
balloona, aircraft, miosiles, cotcora, and westhor phenorona. If still unoxplained
reporto Ira rollable sourceo, bith sufficiont detaile, aro turnca ovor to
epeciclista In various ociontifie fielda Ior furthor analyais.
Future Plane for Evaluating
As etatod enrilor, thero is a nood for bottor ruporto fror trained obourvera
voing adequate cquipmort.
The Air Forco intondo to implumont its proaont study
with inatmurunts whorovor possiblo.
The recont dovclopmort of spocial photographic equipment ray moto it posaiblo
to gethor data hitherto unobtainablo through ordinary photographic mathodo. Ihis
equipment consists of a diffraction grating camora which oeparatoo 1icht Into Ito
camponont parta (spoctrus) and rogistora then on film. The principlo Involvod 16
that unod by astrononoro in dotermining the composition of tho stars.
In this
menner Air Forco sciontioto zzy bo ablo to dotormino the chaructoristico si tho
phunonen: and aubaoquently identify the bourco.
Another proposal Involvco tho uac of a continuously aperoting Scimict
telescope equipped vith i cancra.
This telescopo has a wide aperture lone and
is capable si coverine a cano si 150 degroco or noorly the whole shy from horizon
to horizon.
This equipront vill mate it pocoibio to cot on a seríes oi photo-
graphic pintou a completo record of what happone in the sly et richt.
What. "Saucers" Are Not
Ihe Air Force had stated in the paot, and rouffirme at the prosont tino, that
theao unidentifiod acrial phonomena ero not a sucrot wonpon, missilo or aircraft,
deyclopod bi tho Unitod Statos.
I'one of the three rilitary departuants nor any
other agoncy in the govcriment 10 conducting experimonto, CIJD31I100 I othorwia,
with flying objects which could be i bodie for the reportod phononona, As Ict It
is known there is nothing in than that is associatod with ratoriol or vohicica
that aro dirocted agcinat tho Unitud Stutco, Iraw ansthor country or fran other
plonoto.
Your interest in thia mattor 10 proutly approciotod. Picaso call upon us 11
wo may do of furthis purvice.
Sinccruly youro,
-
-
-
.-

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 707, "chars": 4377, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
,the
with such problems as the develop-
ment of guided missiles ind supersonic
craft, the rigging up ef raular nenworks,
and its controversy with the Ning mer
unification, found itsell sonfroneeel he
another, burd complercit ditterens, head-
ache-thl
¡ Hyme cider. d'cople m every
sectiun
the
country were
scuing
strange onjects that streaked aeruss the
skj at tremenous sprcik, and while
these pcople, who included such prai-
ticed studients of the heavens as air-
plane pilots, farmers, andeho Lieutenint
Governor of Idaho, were moi alle er
identify the chings they had seen, they
were able to deseribe them vividly and
unforgettably. The newspaper called
the first of these ingsperion objeies a
flying saucer, taking their cue from the
man rln reported having won i amd
whes deseribid it in wow rlikr, and the
name stuck, althougt later pcople re-
ported secing things that honkral like fly-
ing chromiun huhcps, fring dimes,
Aying teardrops, Asing galight, fring
icc-cream cones, and faing pio plates.
As imire and more cirin things were
seen in the skirs, cautiony ouigzial
celitorialo began to apprar on the pogoes,
and the P'resident and memhusof C'on-
gress recciver a delmge of letters re-
manding an explanation. Many of the
letter writers had condlured that the
objeets, whateser they miche he, were
manned by Kussims, and chat as wom
as teir pilots bad deccmmoitred wlli-
ciently, chey would return londed with
atoinic hombs. O)thers thught the carth
was being visited by space shipe from
another planet. Still athers suspected
that our own Air forer was seretly
resting sume new form of aircraft.
Evergone agreed, however, thie it
was up to the Air lorie, as the cus-
todian of our welkin, to esplain che
fying aljects and, if neçessary, to repel
thein. The result was the luenching
hy the Air Force, on January 22, 1948
«t a specal investigatinn, an invrstiga-
tien thas, though ie les reachedd pam-
arenas conschevionss, in vill onder mons
atl das gue do pore the probolie minned ilt
rest. .
It appeirs ebac, aside fros elee hope
of reassufng a jietery populice, the Air
Force, in embarking upon chis under-
taking, had any or all of threc chings
in mind. It may will have shared the
civilian concern over whar, if anything,
the Russians might have to do with the
reported phenomena, and it may even
have felt that to insure a churnughguing
"SPORTER AT I AP GE
SOMETHING IN THE SKY
) of the Air Níatóriel Commai
anil ies base was, and is, at IVright Fie
investigatin there was certainly no
Dayton, Ohio. The projece's task rurn
harm in aouming for the magnent that
eut to involve a mixeure of old-fashion
the era o interplanetary travel had
desection, scientife analysis, puhlic re
arrited
ihi the earch
had become
rinns, and the study of a widespr
an objeetive for journoys from clic-
stale of minl. In December, 19
where in the solar epstem. O)r-mand this
after cherking, over a perind of
would nos necessirily exclode the first
ycars, three hundred and seveney-f
twin considerations—the Air Foree may
repurts of intruders in the sky, the
have be n serting up a smude sercen to
Farce publicly called it quits, hut Proj
proteet, in the interest of natial seen-
Simcer was not actually dishanded. A
rity, the sreret nf sume experimental fly-
timal sccurity, the Air Force announ
ing objects of its nwn that only a trusted
at the time, was not endangered. 1
few of irs members kaew ihrut. What-
fying saucers were apparitions, it mi
ever the purpose, the investigation, with
all attributahle either to a failure
which I hare been in tuch from time
recognize conventional objects,
themeh foren gas hent winnite.
hoaxes, or to a miki form of mass h
ir force personned originally
teria. The Air Furce, howerer, did 1
assigneel in it was later angmented by
let the matter rest there.
acromomer, pspcholozises, physicises,
Nos long after the apparens dem
merconrotogins, pohssicians, and repreo of P'rojeet Siocer, T had a talk in Wa
vintatitro of dhe f.Bl. To insestiga-
inglen with Brigadier General Eirn
tion, whicl seum becamo populariy Moorc, then chicf of Air foree I
kimwn i Projeee Sancer, was firse delligence, in the sourse of which
headeed by Taentenant Cronerad Benio- made four categorical staremenes di
min I. Chidlan, Commanding Gen- 1 felt sure be had mande many cimes I
Clinped from Tho NEW YORKER
Sentemher 6, 1952
nares 64 throuch 82
page 62
. .
..

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 662, "chars": 4010, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
itiN
hare nothing to dr
•emn-called
of Idabe, disilosed that
if he
saucers; I'll swear d...es a stack of
had seen a comet-shaped injece miling
Bibles, if you like.
Scr
¡ we don't
over the western part of the
}. It
have any secret new by, s of aircratt
finally dipped below the ho.
iii, he
that could have started all this comino-
said. (Later on, the personnel of Proj-
tion. Third, nobody, in our opinion, has
ect Saucer derided that the Licurenant
Governor had heen looking at either
Saturn or Mercury.) Four cops in Port-
gators learned has been made armiahic
¡to the public."
land, Oregon, saw a group of disss
"wobbling, disappearing, and reappear-
ing."
THE firse saucer incident necurred
Repures of atler phenomena having
in the afternoon of Tune 24, 1947,
heen seen in the skies appeared in the
when Kenneth Arnold, on a husiness
papers alimost daily: Tre Army officers
trip for a Boisc, Idaho, firm that makes
at Fore Richardson, Alaska, repurced
hre-control cympment, was nying his
ering a spherical object fring through
private plane from C'hehalis, Washing-
the air an incredible speed and lear-
ton, to Yakima, Washington. The re-
ing no taper trail; some fishermen off
fection of a bright Has on one wing
Nessfoundland sau a series of acrial
caught his ere.
He turned and, at a
Anches, silver to redlic in color; a lady
distance he thought was ahout ewenty
in Oregon watched a group of saucers
miles, saur what he took to he nine tail-
spell one "p-E-les-y,"
and alerted her
Jess aircraft healing toward Mimint
neighbors do the presince of forcin
Rainies: "Lorde ver their puttine equite
agend practicing & wered denie in our
plainly agains the soon," Air torie
Intelligenie punted him
saucer "flie bulk of six 13-39;" and
"They fess very close to the mountain-
a prospector in the Cascade Moun-
tops, directly south to southeast, down
tains of Oregon san six saucers in a
the hug's back «f the range, fring hie
group, hanking in the sun-"round,
geese, in a diagonal, chainlike line, as
silent, and not fying in formation." On
if they were linked together ... a cham
the Fourth of July, there were twelve
of sterlike shings at karis fire miles
reports of anners in widely separatedd
long, swerving in and one of the bigh pard of the Unned Store.
()m of
mountain perts.
They were flat... and
these saucers, sighted at Trenton, Now
en shing that thet reflected
Jersey, was traced to a
the sun like a mirror." Ar-
frewurts display. Dr. Paul
mold sid he matched the
Pitts, an Ohio State Uni-
silvers for three minutes
versity paychologiss sho
and estimated their speed at
wis for a time attached tos
alone curelve hundred miles
Projert Sancer, considered
an hour.
this crowded condition in
Air
Furce technicians,
the holiding skies the result
consulted
newspaper-
of mass siggestibility, the
men, said that any abject
S71T1E
jumps
trait
thre
moving that fist would he
cured Americans to see
invisible do the naked eye at
Zeppelins areshcad during
Arnold's estimated distance.
and after the first World
The press sinfled af Ar-
War. "Our graphs show
sold's story, and he was re-
that saucer incidents al-
sentful. "Eren if I see a
ways increase dramatically
ten-ster!
hulking flying
after publicity," he has
through the air, I won't
since told me.
"The sky,
sing a word about it," he de-
ger kmes, has been a
clared, sond aha be got
surre of exciting visions
ticles alms has esperience for an angg-
azins called fali.
armenils.
No somer were the steptical newsi-
paper accounts printed than dozens of
PON the beginning, the officers in
people turned up with similar re-
charge of Progert Sinker reingnized
ports. Another resident of Beis spotted
a peculiar difficuley in their assignment.
a dise ever that city,
"a half circle in
"If you lonk out the winds and sec
shape, clinging to a cloud and just as
something, how can I prove or disprore
hright and silvery-looking as a mirror
what it was if I didn't see it and you
caught in the rugs of the sun." Licu- can't tell me much about what you
nago 64

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 2854, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dong rate ano inc
"'g"
neror. changed...
"Vietrola"45
in M'ashingron, and an and one day
shortly after Project
fer had pre-
sumably become a thang of the past.
"Ie would he different if fying sau-
cers were kunwn to exist. Then we
cold have collecter evidence indi-
eating the degrees of probabilicy shat
such things were sighted and the reason
for their appearance at a giren placc.
Bus it is imporsibile to prove, logically
and with finality, a double negative-
das is, that there are no Aring saucers
and that people have sot seen flying sal-
cers. The best we could do under the
circumstances was to dcluce, firis, from
Complier
phonograph,
AC. "Golden Throad"
the fact thas it had not heen proved, that
$31.95
(appraird lint prier)
• Playe up to 11 recons al one Inading
• The only record and changer designed
for rach other
• Rounda change froen die render-the
saucers had been seen and, second,
frum the fact that reasonahle theories
could he advanced to explain away all
the reports of secing them, that probably
naholy had seen them at all. The
finer the shoretical explanations and
die lem plansible they were, the sure
bums est an eatres charge.
Outer "Virtrola" 15 rrrore elsangere
di lon a* §16.25
Only RONVICTOR
makes the Vietnali"
tomen there wis and speeding people
had sen steers" The Major shook
his heral, and continues, "Ie's a dificult
concept to grasp, but we was the job we
were tackling.
I asked Major Boggs whether there
was any way to account for the epidemic
LOVELY TO LIGHT BY
a sports al vrange estatial objerts.
"O comrs there is" be replical. "If
you look what the sky long enongh, you
can almond always make our womething
There that appears strange. And more
people are tonking up now than ever
before. Kis don't count freight cars
any more; they couns airplanes, People
win were traince in air observation
during the war have gone right on
observing. Alsn, the public hasn't for-
gotten that the atomic bumh was kept
secret frum it for three Sears.
This
time, people want en know what's cook.
Puzz HOUSE OF ITALIAN MANDICATS
ing, in they look up." Major Boggs
sighed. "Time was when people used
212 East 410h 5
PL 8-6310
NITE night same
in make a wish if they saw a shoot-
ing star. Now they telephone the Air
force."
Alajor Boggs and I pondered this
untomantic age in silence for a moment.
Then he remurned briskly to the probe
lems that had confronted the investi-
gators, "Theone tangible thing we bond
do work on with the died that the sky is
foll off things," he said. "I can'e even
conne close in estimating the number of
commercil and military aircraft up
there at any given moment. 'Then, there
are mure than five lundred outfits of
one kind or another that release balloons
bookier.
; UNION-MATIONAL, INC • JAMESTONA, M. Y..
from time to time. These range from
simple weather halloons, pe."-oer than
¡aRe
67,
68

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2479, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in this way it anapp the lase
of sighie.
Here, the experts prof.
to hoope,
was munching Project Sincer cruld get
its teeth intu. The whole Aying-saucer
mystery might he explained.
The first
step wits to determine whether the wh
ject was an aircraft that had heen par-
ally assured by a chuni or whose
upcarance had been distorted by a ran
turm.
Tur hundred and twenty-five
1yihan and miltary fight schedules
were analyzid, and it was found that
one other plane, an dir Force C-47,
had heen wear the Eastern airliner at
the time the mysterious object was
sighred. Conjecture abour the C-47
began to appear irrelevant, huwerer,
when the Macon ground crews agreed
with Chiles and Whited that the thing
then had seen was going much faster
chan sai hundred miles an hour, anil
s, unless it dawalled arand inne-
where, wildn't hase taken anything
like in hour do pet from Slice do
Mongoner!.
Astronumers went to work on the
problem.
Dr. Hynck considered the
passibilicy that a brillian, show-moving
nicteur might he the explanation. Vari-
mus hits of the apruition's description
cinemapeel this motion
burst of fume" -Unfortuntely, the
fight shedules of meteors are not avail-
able, and Dr. Hyack had ne pocans of
rewing his hypothesis, "le will have eo
he life to the pryclingises do tell us
whether the inmediate trail of a bright
meteor could produce the subjective ins-
pression of a ship with lighred win-
dow»" he wrote in a report on his
hidings.
The parchologises espresid
the opinion that it meteor could inderd
he mistaken for a spite ship. Dr. fitti,
the Chin State paschologist, aharsed
that both C'hiles
and Whitted were
human and therefore as likely do he
victims of mass suggestibility as any-
one else: Dr. Fitti told me during a
talk I had with him that porchologises
are used to the fet that aren people of
high mental calibre often make mis
distics alums what they me.
"Alur, 1
would dier do eate der parime phoe pilots
arr traine do indrument," d wid.
"They grow very dependent on phone
"ortruments, and I don't korea whether
re necessitrily superior observers
"ls them. I in know that during
ine war, when I was in the Air Force,
pilots frequentle gavi some pretty old
reports of what they'd seen while fly-
ing their missions," Chiles and Whited
readily agreed that their report might
text
Extremely amirl at for one-
All Chosen by ledding deo
a carset fashion and luxur
havantager or betag mothpro
achi outwear Conventi
NetaNat
205 hith
Ned Yor
CORI
peze 69, 70

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3076, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ALIN
BEDRODE SUNRITABE
HIGHBOY DESK in genuine
SOLID mahogany from the New
Arlingian Group by Kling. A
distincrive addicion to any coum.
Ar leading scores.
Full color hookler. "Your
Bed.
cuntains helpful
luffetions on the fare of lur-
misure and
bedroom
and arrangiment.
decoration
SEnt
coin in Kline Faciorics, Dept. Y9.
Mayville, N
KLING MEANS
MALIOGANY
MAILE - CHERRY
soft and Warm
as eiderdowi
sal the
bon, sprnoy liber
actual thiel
ma foldi
Hoop
See the
chara
•deolar
MARIPOSA
¡BLANKET
MADE BYS
SHULEÃ a BENNINGHOFEN
*HAMILTON OHIO
I'g a routine potted for thestors
1);=
Anta National Guard, and
ju
kid
the twer at the Fargo Municir
port for clearance to land when.
what sermed to he another plane's cail-
light a thousand yards away. He queried
the tower, and the men there reported
that the only other aircrafe mer the field
wis a Piper Cub. Gorman could de the
C'ul plainly onlined belos him. Curi-
rus, he flew toward the light. "It was
ataris six to cighe inches in diameter,
«lear white, and completely round, with
a surs of fuzz. at the edges," Gorman
later Puki investigators, adking that he
NIW
"he outline of anything'
around
the edges. "It was blinking on and off
As Tapproached, howeser, the light sudl-
denly became steady and pulled inso
i sharp left band, ... I dived after it
and braight my manifold pressire mop
to sixty inches, bur I couldn't catch so'
with the ching. It started gaining alte
rude and again made a left bank. I put
my fi-st into a sharp tura mad tried
In coit the light off in its turn. By then,
we were at almait seven thand fect.
Sunkenly in made a sharp righe turn
and we headed straight at each other.
Just when we were ahunt to collide,
I guess 1 put scared. 1 went into a dive
and the lighe passed over my camopy at
alone five laused feet. Then it made
i left circle arut a thousind feet ahore,
and 1 gave chase again." Gorman fol-
howed the light up to fourteen thousand
feet, where, after another near onlhsine,
ins ship went into a prosser stall and the
light disappeared to the northwest.
Gorman noticed mo minds ur exhaust-
trail elors. He had gunned his piane
up to four hundred miles an hour with-
our gaining on the lighs. Ie was able to
maintain an extremely steep angle of
avent, far greater than that of his Air
Furse fighter. "When I attempted to
turn with (the lighs), 1 blacked nut
temporarily, due to excessive speed," he
said. "I am in fairly good physical condi
tion and I do not believe shere are many,
if any, pilots who could withstand the
turn and speed effected by that light and
remain consctrus."
Project Sincer superted thar Gor-
min was tilting with a wrather ballans.
Honor thing, it learned thin the forge
weather station had released a lighted
hallon only den minutes tofure Gor-
man's patrol stopped bring routing.
'The nhject's steady, practically vertical
climb suggested the behavior uf a hal-
lonn. A technician wlio once worked on
Project Saucer told me recently that
chasing a weather balloon with an air-
plane is comparable in diving in the
bottom of a pool after a hollow rubber
Dare 71, 72

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 487, "chars": 2984, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
holding one in any no-
The rancher forwar
: 6: find en
Wright Fiekd, where it wi
a remnant of one of the i
ndiary bal-
loons the hopeful Japaneso dispatcherl
across the Pacific during the war in an
effort to start furest fires. I
Even pictures taken of supposcil sau-
ters failed to impress the experts. 1 here
vas the case of a man in Plicnix,
Arizona, whu sputted a hat gray wh-
ject spiralling up and down in the sky
at a speed that he estimated at hetween
four and fire hundred miles an hour.
He snapped twn pictures of it with his
Brownie. Prints were rufled to Projert
Saucer, and Ir. Irving Langmuir, the
physicist and a Nohel Prize winner, was
asked to study them. The distinguished
scientist learned that a thunderstorm
had occurred just before the picture-
taking, and concluded that he wis hask-
ing at a couple of rather pass shoes
of a piece of paper bring bordeneed tog
the wind.
AS time went on and the skies, appar-
ently, continued to teen with Hy-
ing saucers, the generak in the l'enti-
gon, warming to their task, deciled en
enlarge the singe of the investigation.
Commanders of all Air free insalla-
turns in che country were ordered to
assign Intelligence officers to linik into
rightings reported in their areas.
The
officers were instructed to solicit the is-
sistance of municipal police officials, whor
might he familiar with the personalitic
of the saucer observers. The l.B.I. Mis
also called upon for assistance, and is-
signed agents in help interview people
who reported that they had scon discs.
I he agents used a standard question-
naire, drawn un hy Air force Intelli-
gonce, which called for such informa-
tion as the saucer's size, space, color,
and maneuvers. The information 1as
usually transmired to Wright Field,
but some strries
so abrinnsly
false and sino "cridence" su shrien
ly trifling that the f'.l.I. men didn't
even bother to fill mut the question-
naire. In
Scattle, for instance,
alamed woman called the prolice do in-
¿ ill ens her rel. The objecd corned onet
¿ en do a hullow, drum-shapel allair
made of plywenel, with "USSK" true-
ly daubed on ir in pains, An F.B.1. man
found that a turpentine-soaked cloth
had causeal che fame. A practical joke,
he decided. A farmer near Danforth,
Illinois, spurted that a saucer had
crash-landed in one of his fields and
hurne un aunchel souls The FBI.
CAR™
hrem
Cartera
PUERTO RICAN
BE WRITE LABEL -
ARE SOFTO
This cozy
cottan "pillow" lor
your borly coonr, sweet sirep
from
hord
maltresses and
in
51195
ferior
beds.
Special boon 1o
invalide and aped. Easy to corry
ACA Blue
stripe
out and sun. $17.95 in blue-d.
white
white ACA, $19.95 in rose, bluc
en domosa, full or toin
nodiate shipment=
chipping chaiges propaid Abralule solidlaction
Guoroniend
DIRECİ
¡MATTRESS
rati
adriati
Exeter
Al Whilehouse & Mardy
in Now York:
City of Paris
in Son Froncisco;
Phalps-Tortel
in los Angoles:
Al olter leading slores or write
EXETER Moslery Mills • Executiva Ollie
Sales Oilicer: 930 Fi:
rago 73, 74

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2621, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
motes.
Other elements of the
problemn
were studied by such men
r. George
Valley, a nuclear physicis,
the Mass-
chusetis Institure of Technology; staff
members of the research firm of Kand
Corporacion; an assuremens of physicists
and aerodynamicises vil specialize in
the studr of the stratosnhere and the
space beyond it; and the electronics ex-
peres attached to the Cambridge fckl
Station. These mon wert all searching
for physical rather than paychological
explanations, and some fairly strange
theories accurred to them——the possibil-
iry that extraterrestrial animals were
Aying into our atmosphere, for example.
(No data turned up to support that ar-
resting idca.)
The thenry that the saul-
cers were hostile aircraft was carsfully
studied and rejected.
"The perform-
ances of these saucers one only surpiss
the development of present science bur
che development of present fortion-si-
ence writer»," one scienise anteel. 'The
specialists also considered and rejected
the concept of discs capible of ruing the
air on beams or rays of wine kind. 'They
even spaculated ons whether the anti-
gravity shickd that H. Go. M'ells thought
up for his novel "The First Men in the
lemm" would work: it wouldn't, they
decided. The supposition that interplin-
etary craft were Whizzing in at us was
alia discredicca, despite ies popularity
with laymen. Space ships, the scientists
thought, would have to be so large and
unwieldy that they couldn't possibly zig-
zag as frivolously as the reported sucers
did. Besides, a space ship, regardless of its
size, could not, in the ripinion of these
men, carry sufficient fuel to remain for
any lengsh of time in the carth's dense
atmosphere. The scientists noteel, ton,
that the suppused spacemen showed a re-
markable lack of interest in the rest of
the workd, being, it would seem, almost
unanimous in their desire to see America
first. "The small area covered by the
disc barrage prints strongly eo the belief
that the flying objects are of earthly
origin, he they physical a psycholog-
ical," cone of the scientists reported.
From the report turned in by the
intronomers, I learnea dict ther, in andl-
dicins dos string our cronets, modernes,
halides, and ahontries from the
stream of objects people were secing in
the skies, had alsn thoughtfully con-
sidered our planctary neighbors.
The
old questiun of the pressibility of life on
Mars took on a new urgency, and a new
corollary: If there are living creatures
on Mars, would they he capable of
building space ships? The astronomers
POD STORE HEAT
WRITE MATMAKIRS BY AYOM. I
69 MIST JATM ST. MET ME
MDER DIAIETLY T
nario 75, 76

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 2964, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that-chas while the informantion thes
give me may he mad.
- their
names never will hc." I..
Captain Rappelt aid,
investigatin
has shown that the ponie he has inter-
viewed had been deccised ty things
that have been deriving others all
along ballrons, planes,
meterers, aml
M' far-but a nettling residue of around
aly per cent of the cars have wound
upen that exasperating da pigeonhol
lahelled "Unidentified." Nothing, for
example, could be found to account
for the
"armething silvery directly
overhead" reported by a mystified Civil
Aeronautics Administration inspector at
Terre Haute. A cummercial pilot wins,
Aying near Battle Creek, Nlichigan,
spotted "an aral-shaped silver nhject"
ahead of his ship, posed a similarly an-
wolved problem, as did a highly respected ?
naval officer, stationed at the dirighle
hase at Lakehurst, New Jersey, who re-
ported that he had stared through his
binoculars at a brilliant image making
turns that were far ton tight for any
knnwn aircraft.
Twenty-five per cent of the ohsery-
ers interrogared by the Aerial Phenom-
cna Officer in the last two and a half
years have heen military pilors. Eight
per sent have been commercial pilot,
perience in the air, and at one stage in
the current pliase of the investigation,
even a few plysists at Los Alamn,
Now Mexien, men who make a ferich
of objectivity, were interviewed after
they repurted having scen puzzling
lights hovering abore their atomic-
energy laboratories.
any one of these incidens by itself,
it might not mean much," Captain
Ruppelt azid.
"But in
vies of the
number and calibre of the informants,
you couln't help taking their claims
seriously:'
In February, 1951, Dr. Urner
Liddel, a nuclear physicist astachert en
the O)ffice of Naval Kesearch, at I'a-l-
ingron, D.C., declared that at last,
thanks to the lifting of certain security
restrictions, he could provide the salmtion
They were "she" de said lal.
chase: a boundred feet in diameer, which
one. Navy had scoresly been sending up
for the past four years in order to
study cosinic rays.
Dr. Likeel's asser-
tion was immedintely disputed by !!r.
Anthony O. Mirarchi, whin, as forines
head of the Air Foric's Armospheric
Composition lureau, had assisted in the
diagnosis of l'roject Saucer repurts. Dr.
Abrarchi said be thought she saucers
might be misiles from wune forcign
HAVE YOU GRASPED
THE SouthWick IDEA?
Here is tailoring so completely flexil
Malural that the comfort contrast is rei
markable. Once you experience the blissi
and casual distinction of SUPERFLEX co
tion, you'!l never go back to over-stuffed
syled clothes. Suits from 570. Sports
from 835.
As theis and ach.
PAUL STUART, INC
ARTHUR L.
Are York (ity
Auntun
WARNER & COMPANY JOHN T'ANAMAR
Malianne, Ald.
SILVERSTONE'S
Philadri
ROBERT *
San Frami.
for storer in orb.
GRIECO BROS..
1oc.. 200
Fift
GOLD
cheal, foatfinhi Snata
348.
Availabion bainl
Foodia cham $33.50
our infall: Milot one.
one Orderi fil
BLACK STARR
TEAST ORANGE
ran 77, 78

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 567, "chars": 3601, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
fourtcen
minutes, Pierinar saw
MARK
44 ,
CROSS LAGUS
Fich due as 55th, N. Y. 22
hright
lights
that resemhi
ahrating stars, hur chree of them
CTO
maving horizoncally, unlike any shoos-
ing star he had ever seen. Another com-
mercial pilnt who was reached in flight
nearby anid that he saw a light off his
left wing; Barnes found a corresponding
pip on the radarscope. Oller pilots in the
vicity reported, however, that they
could see nothing unusual.
Trward
daybreak, ten peculiar pips were cnunsed
simultancously
Barnes'
screen.
''There is no other conclusion I can
reach hut that
for six hours on the
murning of the twentieth of July there
were at least sen unidentifahle nhjects
muving
above Washington," Barnes
"'They were not ordinary air-
craft.... Nor in my opinion could any
natural phenomena accouns for these
The Mark Cross
OXFORD SHIRT
More popular than ever - even for
city meer - the button-down collar
shirt in fneet oxford, woven with
fully
combed yarn.
Button cufle.
144-174 collar, 32.35 alerve. While
or blue.
15.50
With it - en imported silk knit tie
hand-framed for Mark Cross. Blacki.
nary, frey, brown, frees, mine, 68.50
dail and phone orders Alled. St/ 7.1000
guts on our radar. Neither shooting
wars, electrical disturbances, mer chands
sould, either. Everly what they are, I
doss's know. Now you kriow as much!
about them as i do. And your guess is
as pound as mine."
A wied later, at 9:08 p.M. on
July 26th, she Air Knute Traftic Con-
tal Center's radarscope again showed
unidentifable objects nver Washing-
run. So aid the siren at the Andrews
Nir lorie lies, juss onesiete che capi-
al, Two jet interceptors, capable of
It's
Here!
It's
New!
doing si
humered
miles
hour,
were dispatched from a haie neat New
Castle, Delawaro, en investigate. When
che interceptors appared on the radar-
serpes, they were guided toward the
abjects.
• One of the pilets sighter
four lighes approsimately ten miles
in front of his plane and slightly ahove
it, but they vanished while he was
erging
overtake them.
Twenty
minures later, he saw "a steady white
TOY BAGPIPE
light," bur within a minute it, tom,
disappeared.
"Il'e have no evidence
Easy to Play—only $4.98
they were fying saucers," an Air Force
Compiste with benpipe, drones, elimmer, bright
plaid bat and rilders, this easy-loping American
I representative said larer. "Conversely,
Barpipe is an authentic replica
of the ticisely in.
we have no evidence they were not
«trunient, lout munre nellenes and raceter. Alginn
flying saucers,
We don't know what
can kians lo pilry parmlar tunes in a potter of mis.
they wers."
wtra just day prarling 11193/a7n.
Madr of machalle
Syrone are! Vinylife, il's side, maritasy and alrint.
As il resele of abes iwo inchients,
Fortning lunader for children won proan Me
partionarly de one indedving the inter.
Sofia toes predeat
arguess, poodles agitation Franches i nese
draid one yours scram, dart. In tal a last dor trated a tater
triple. The Air force was bombarded
TIMESAVERS DEPT., Dept. MY-9
with hundreds of fetters, elephone calls,
2 Went 4fth st.
New York 19, M. Y.
ane selegrams demanding information
and offering advice. One of the smaller
MRS. KARO'S
airlines supplied its crews with cameras
HAND LAUNDRY
and ordered them to photograph any
saucers they encountered. A civilian
160 EAST &2nd STREET
TEmpleras 8-6516
wrote to the Air Force thar he would
Specialiets in silks, lacer, table lisans, shirte;
let it in on "the secrer" in return for a
at moderate rates.
Laundering for the finest homer
colonelcy. A Los Angeles pastor wrote
in Einstein, hesceching him in clear up
nare 79, 80

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2410, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• adviers
from chaewhere,
...in ta a of visitors
ph the aks
continuusly, but they
• reperted no
naucers.
The General was renamele
that many of the people who had told of
seeing the muse spectacular things were
considered the must reliable. He replied
thar he had mu intention of discrediting
them, hut the fact remained that pons
of them had offered data of the kind a
acientist would
find useful. An Air
Force offier whom General Sam-
ford personally knew to be a conn-
petent witness had toki him of scing
a saucer in che Middle East. This
man, too, had been unable to uhtain ac-
curate measurements. "Ie have mans
reports from credible observers of in-
credible things," the General remarked
Like General Nirs, his predecessor
in Projece Saucer days, General Sam-
ford denied that the Air Force was at-
tempting to cover up secret experimenes.
When he was asked if the saucers might
he the guided misiles of a foreign conn-
try, he replied that he didn't see how, on
the basis of their weird performances,
they could he unless "sumerms" had
achiered a means of deseloping unlin-
ited power-"power of such fantastic
higher limits that it is a theorerical un-
Jianired; it's not anything that we can
understand"-and utilizing it under
conditions in which no mass is insolved.
As for the latter, the General told the
press, drawing
a laugh, "You know
what in 1sic"
means is that there's
nothing there.
WHILE General Samford's inter-
view probably reassured the put-
lic as evidence that the Air force was
still on the joh, it did noshing to lessen
the nation's silucer-consciousness. The
reporters had hardly thanked the Gin-
cral for his comments when, an Au-
gust Ist, a Coast Guard photographer
prostaced a picture showing four bizarre
lights burning brilliantly in a daylighs
sky. He said he head taken it eer Sinless,
Misshutes The nexe day, i Har-
warol enrophy seast called else phonograph
worthless cans it was accompanied by
a sinnific data, wel as dengarature
distribution and altitue. On August
Oh, an Army ploysicist at fors Belvoris,
Virginia, created the equivalent of Hying
saucers in his lahoratory by introducing
molecules of innized air into a partial
vacuum in a bell jar, and three days
later an internationally known aurhori-
ey un atmospheric conditions said of the
physicst's experiment,
"I know of no
conditions of the carth's atmosphere,
high or low, which would duplicate
paro 81, B2

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 1211, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
October 10, 1858
AIR MAIL
RECORDED - TSI
/
g2 - а3X30й he lague
The Netherlands
Tour letter dated October 6, 1952, has been
recéived.
you wild pernapa recall being adulged at the
time of your visit to this Burcau that the matter discussed
s00s not within the jurigdiction of the FDI.
ношенет,
, fт
vico of your taminent departure from hashington the Ensor-
nation was accepted for transmittal to the appropriate
GeneV, siter das to cuntact you if interested.
Full detalls vere made avatlable at that tine to
the Departrent of the dir force for evaluation and consider-
In the absence of some arrangement between you and
the hir force, your further use of the pertinent facta da,
of course, a matter for your oun determination.
sincerely yours,
John Edgar Hoover
Director
NOTE OII YELLON:
aulet to OSI,
Air force,
dated 5-7-52 transnitted data
gurnished by 1
• to the Pureau 5-5-52 concerning his ideas
as to plans for a portable flying diso.
was inforned
that surther contact with his, if anu, would cone froz the
intercaled Concrnment agency pather than the hureau.' do mentíon
ana arde of lin keepin? the farts recret penling a renly Srow
the nureau or the dir force.
(68-83894-273).
"MOLFU T
63 OCT 20195251

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 1623, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE HAGUE
THE NETHERLANIA
THE lAGUE. October 6th
Departrent of Justice
Pederal Burcau of Investigation
Pennsylvanin Avanue
WASHIN
" ON
D.3.
1
Dear itt
please lí I misspelled your nare, but
saw it in writing.
a visit in thy $1.0205 ere I toid eos detailson
where I told
detalls en
a certain sunjent you will surely remenner. At the end of
the conversation 1
aron are ya ro! do tail about it un-
til I had rareived word fron you whether or not the proper
authorities were interasted.
It was taken for granted that
a few months night elapse before the answer could be given.
Five months have passed by since then, and as
the subject has now become antive in Europe, I an renily
in pend with it, I have opesurse tried to
peek the theory on ench assect and wiile doing so 1
found various com lanentary as well no fundamental details.
I have you reached the point however where_I
world like to discuss
the whole with an exsert and I
therefor certainly appreciate to know whether I have
to consider our agreement on complete silence as still
being valid
and necessary or not
It might be that you are too bury to be able to
to me or that the authorities are not interested. Ag
It is not my intention to bother you too much with it,
will take
i: that there is no Ionger any necessity for
gilence on my.
mr l I do not saceive any in ormation to
the contrary
by the eid of this month.
By this prosodiiion I do not intend to force an
issue but I would like to dincuss a subject like this witn
scientists frienda of mine, witch I cannot do as long as I
am bound hu my
pronise to you.
very kind regards,
Your Truly
42-83894-319
= F1134:

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 2016, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
V)
Ottice Memorandun
NINETED SINTES
EUVERNMENT
DINECTUK, FBI
DATE:
10/3/52
TROM
1G1. SAC, NEWARK (100-36998)
503780
RE:
SPECIAL INQUIRY
UNLDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS:
2nd eistrict erfide of Special Investigations
Shet york Lying Witts
for the infornation of the Bureau,
August 27, 1952,
the Newark division received a request from
the Inspector General,
United States 41r force, 2nd District Office of Snecial Investi-
gations, 67 Broad Street, New York i,
New York
that the bad!
ground of a civillan photorrapher,
Paterson, l. J., and of
Passaic,
N. Jo, be Investigated in an astonut so determine tneir reliability
in view of the fact that, they had allegedy observed and photo-
graphed an unidentified derlal object on July 31, 1952.
The appropriate credit and criminul checks were made in
this matter ás well as discreet neighberhood inquiries as to both
individuals, and no information was received thrt either individuar
hed crininal records or that they were known in the past to have
perpetrated try kina of truud.
It was ascerteined that
old photograph er Ellegedly
unidentified aerial oblect and that
•ritnesseá the incident
and develoneó end printed the exposea film which was subsequently
forwarded to the 5th OSI District, Alr Technical Intelligence
steff water -Petersond News, s, Fe8556, 40 by Mr.
I'he letter further requested that the shotographer and
the witness be questioned as to the circumstances under which the
pnotogranhs vere texen tri thet an attempt be are to locate
other sources in the cre that micht determine the cuthenticity
of the photos.
No investigation of this type vas mace by the
Newark divisicn.
In accoráarce with SAC letter #83, Series 1952 deted
осов, нем чоли сіву ві
8/29/52, the results of the creait and criminal checks and the
neighborhood investications were forwarnea to the local est
office, New York City End no further Investirations have been
made by this office.
b2.»
5774-318
OCi
1952
APFROFRIATE AGRACIES,
LID FIELD OFFICES..
RECORDED-12
* INDEXEIA
1-
DATE
*TAL

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 650, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
DATE: Septembor 20, 1952
TO
PROM
SUBJECT:
STRANGE WHITE OBJECT SEEN OVER
MONTANA ON
SEPTEMBER 19, 1952
I talked with ASAC Plaxico of Butte on September 20,
re the attached nows releases Indicating that the FBI
was investigating a strange white object which reportedly
across the sky of Montana for about one hundred
miles.
Mr. Plaxico stated that while a report of this
object had been received at the Butte Office, that no
investigation was conducted regarding the matter and that
none was contemplated.
ACTION:
Attachment
For your information.
:
15:
"!..
RECORDED - 132
+ 42-83-894-317
EX. - 73
Bout a?

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 840, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
. )
..!i
Sertember 11, 1852
RECORDED - 126
INDEXED • 125
Mr.
hoadsion, New Jersey
Dear
Your leiter postmarker fervenber G, 1952,
lias been
and 1 ax: reciate the interest
prongting !!
to let me hauc the benefit of your
observations.
Since the contento of your communication
nay he of intercat to other gourgamental agencies,
I am tating ine liberty of corraring contra of it
' Administrator of Ciull deronautics, Civil
Acronartica
laminisitution, Department of cornerce,
tashiinton, D. C., and to
he Honorable, lie iccretary
of Dr fer.se,
The Fontaron, kashington, Do ro
Sincerely yours,
cur roover "
arba
copy by sorm sent to divll deronautios administration
-Copy by form
sent to Secretary of Defense
DIC: ImZ
RECEIVED RIA! +, KOON
SEP 11 7 01 PM 52
•les
Lame
helend.
tart
sarta
- 55 SEP 25 1952
COMM: FBI
SEP I : 1952
MAILED 19
1161
Plie

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 129, "chars": 694, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ope Pleerer, | :
ce edi: wal a qe be ony te, CLEP Tn

eww Wy aes pe ———
<b
Anmthk ALK AL -P1e
Oo,

wart 9 Oa ami. be? de. ee tau f ae
Conc. LI ytyern abort. /a 7 J dour
CLT ot: Cc AI Hil Md path Lt -te it
fe PPL Limed fi pe ef foo clamps

pre "one ae

lhitbere td AX we Aik at
berth i jt bi aot. [- ¢ fie rt VS. _-
f ule. Lt} rid tan hig od CLAD peel. / ene pee pee
‘tonal An 7 tl i alee - fet Sth ns
. I Ti Lths a. fos ey ‘Choc eat” -
saarammmnart ia ae anted Ze ee
, : dnd ate jo in AAR fae Hy and

See .

ae yr eae ee " . wanes wren: as oe
wo. -- . -_ \ : : . = ae. 7 gr Pa ores “$2.5
“ * on —_ ; . ‘ ook . . - «4 Z he" Tem oy . ; _ a ar a, - 7 an x 8 ; 7 ~ - wars - Q. oa . “aes . i oe -,

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 319, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
strughter. i til it trappier fle
It lap 1"1
but wanted ape yelle
à main altie-to bat here
and sai it. 'Ne said hes?
enceaters. had seen them
genirations, back and bad
catled tum @mins" and alse
"Jack O Lanterne"
had first rianit and had thin
fravity to be pulled tit ly the
Gravity-if the sun AMiti, as
tecten an etter

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 161, "chars": 771, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Ct het Ul ve pan AL Mad
797 ion ’ hee (Ate md Fly

ABTS Lee 6 ti it ¢ , TP He Hh 4
atthe ea bac be thw.

Vs Wa.
| a ZY} at& to. racle pT. Lame. Lid
nu tbe Gall rf nel Aiile ae ah. Soon hed
Wetec ke- etl and ble Ge Lt. ale Apne
| 4a 4 KX fee Freel fowl Phen e Fee. ak.

ACM Te.
Pit We L Le ae bao PAA eet

saspengld we FL! Lect Are, Ad
Wh '¢ mH te CL’ fee ie Tic. Le Lt mut
an Aw Apart « a ot
hare Olina Dawe.

HY b. Ata dia yo 7? trv ae atin tie
Una. eae totd Df A7-C- nek
{200 al (x be gat cC- eed i) aw
Anurd Air te, %o. Ct" <{ ¢ i an:
fewer A Ye yar felea’ a. )f wl blecr na le

ioe

?

u 1
oan or

t+ ." a.9'we PP 6S te ne

na 5 am” gg» * -

ee va al .

ae ~*t endl al ts nk | le
er | a —_ nat
rs re .

br aA cen <n rs

so. @ m

ou SON aig at es
ot

1 aa
erento

ee

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 477, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(. C!
ea érippe dirnd,
(_-licins.
atil pelt id ofeet fred
ais cét ate enn lene
Esin
Am i2
•T.li Pril ot Errttie lt miin.
Ihe fest, "foste te foe 1 ta.
ae fini.
...? !
Pon::: (171441-20
/i 401222 dăs
ere mat atap 10
" '?2'
in.t attaite all' ottin
Gattend alee eferdi-them tie
POPE E " "ireD!-R
Haat a peis est toas elperte
itte.ren enterenden (t
innis t,iss pret
HerPu -terts ali cipiete
prit!Tii.
i.ttent -siertee l
Kil i:.
in taina rn leind
r i
Tl.
rini"
es.pritipii ti
friüs

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1096, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
-_ ¥

eb ty as NF cedar GF eae r 7 7 os r+ .
©»
Se ecmags aneaavmnecienadey cininlaam weed ae ae ert ale of ce a
a ee ee _——- =. . @ i . 4 '
?

| KUO PEE PY YEN Yi, meme “7 vg
QIN Pygerp- OH Var hops el” ry

rye’ etl +) tl. } } a C 5 yé

ie wey - Cae
>:

eC

Ff .
Ta ee 4 sly +o. 1c) aT ~~ y- Y¥
Pea earn nr

,

oan

ppoen 7 terete awe ay a? {- 7] he
——TL/ ea eee merry) Wry a

YE R74 >} too 4G. 77 ‘ana my yA

f ay wy Ye

ee emg BIN (-7? 27 4.

——— ae

rm ioe — Ate 4) 53 IG -Tt 77 Png eee YATE Ay 1) way Loud
paloma a nev) Le
ei: i. me” Sale parted fm Ty) a 3 4 _ 3°
denen yd yf, pean vy} are ea
a1 aey: ny any ag tet ees +
ee 7% -)* wy “ y TL .
ae bbe tan jt)
- , ney Bae yer 0 cl TA yy |

9 ‘ ef pape
| =k ¥ ae. n If : }.? a 4| “4
ane Lt; yRo77Y? I ws . ay aw
>” gay.  ] ,
mt 1948 CL 41, Rf <7 ry
Pps: —~y 7 vol P ye ye ary pny 1
Beecher a “*% Ib Eeyor Vo ane on )}¥ a aaLAl Ad yy
oe ne ees
ae conse pew ve Ee rt A4-t-7 7 Tan ee a
—_ 3 ch Ft cf ye yf 19 es
ae tnt 7 ™+) qed tie
pe Pig eas FD MOYO YN NY ny CENY) f°
ip, ptf tits ge VOL ) we Bib] yur
CO gtittr UW7IZECT “d} a “?) “y eae '

+”

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 1061, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
jojo H, ry + P. rai the “Doucund

ee
aie ae ea Amilhr Orbs a oT ad bhi oon eS 2 -

pee tn neler meres e's pe

Come CL ferct«b- ty Arnalles- es
viene Perk al geome gud Ot
lg WwW I och ot Apnea:

ot Em are Xk © Cr cr. ay, oh Cme12_ aut | SOE
alk kthidhe cial alk & TLL. detec Le, bc: tf, 2 ——
a eae aha va He vr. ecsge! ara
tf zt AOU. tit AY 734 hye mM 1 fess bse the. on: a oe Aa
hy Pig ee kul pret hs aC) yg
LA

domi ante an mile areend” Sse
i. arth andaw becfard O it. Gamaten,
(Becta Same eee
LH: ai» Mane ? G lout pnat Trarede

ahene. Bu’ aw G C1 12s ; ol wt
| eon * ar“ fs ake ae,

my Ii AY int Gaveeelp oh
ts aA a“ ‘yea ( (Y a Uk ate 2 AIG te

—————— ae - - i ed
' - a
~- . ~r : 2742, . —_ i, —_=- -. =a -
; - ag ners Pate _ ¥ t_-* “. ; pan . eye ‘ “Te ji rr roa om “= Sa STO
. . ae , ag . .
' ~-. a wi» *,. - a SY _ ~ ¥. “- _* . . . . ~ ™ oa 4 ~ s a “ok, ”
. - ”. e. - . ' * # . . r 7 7 . * - . : - . = 1 * , d - ¥ -
‘ . . we - - = a
} *

” .
- . | :
eof - - : - wae

- . —s - . = - - ao. oy ans ~*

7 la sola 1 _ . — - — © _ + -
a * _* . ‘oe - my “ * to

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 279, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Those attacked to Earth travel
around the Equator and a re
seep, mortly, in that section.
the Co Unite that have to
Piet Put elation to the n
Planet on, the seen ari torrid abot
With that NEath and rail away a
more at the Equator than cit the Joles
e Plane lia pratir atita
Tood

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 382, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ying CaM P|

tS acie fin frank, “Te

Thar Se aii Sot pee ee
Cox She clit Pad ig nome Pesaran
MN wt Abt. Ue 44 Dae 4.
Gall ye doc fud tae (+ ah at
“t iv vw. ° AIT OPW’ Aare

a Lett "he

(oe co anu te Gantt, of Ado Aver |
he Eath al Aywukhd net cect, ale |

4 . .

4

™ oe +
we iP te

Een. nie —— FF
Sn teed . a : ~*~

ow te ay Sy

a ha EE ae ew So eo ef Oe i ee Ee ee ee ee ee ee ee

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 241, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
to
the da, Thus us Soton ay stem,
PoPiG riackes at to hold ite reareet
ever collided uneas one first foret ite
he the answer to
the carth on its cipis, Thi Gieat
Full at Equato, with nue. Prush at
Crateria with. the night
it man it the tune

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 466, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
recepant aould have no sena - of
speed i sudden change of discction..
Aust as Earth is surrounded by
ino, a of ship would have a layer
This would act an a buffer
and keep the ship coot.
But I douft if me. hari aru;
iTor. from space.
I think the visitors slin
are the small Gunite cucting the
Earth+ sun. and not one 1, Them
till ended tara tour people.
Fine Saur an
It amy of the
man made
- I centesto
limitlesi postabilitics: Posably
some tiffe of balloon has been

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 306, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
prpgieded | babi Ue
ned Yt »

9 ef anabe B ty i wig |
) Am ded Hak ace
Heid Cae aon te pufbollr,
Doe cc Sek , os uk, fh pares

olifer er atin ome fs
-

-
~ 4
~ wm =
: “ rl ee

wre , aK oe nnd raat aa -* owe . ane: ee ‘a ; -

ay ee nell oa . . . ; wy bl

De ei in a i el ee ed ae Se hh. ie

~ . eae A ee le

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 506, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
N
:

I
1 il
.
*
™
4
Lt -
, t
. .
7
r " F .
.
1
. '
=
r
+ . 4
+
i
: fi 1
PAL a

4

x
4.

(
5

f
f.
ae
}
f
+
14

<
t
C

Ct mp BE ad oe,
. a * “
“at ft .

a
soe
'

‘

¢
. .* r
*

a sa eS kn el
+ ' \ ‘. y
- \ . 5 . =
“4
*
- i

= Lil

ee a ihe hs iiieeain in Mi oe onl siecle iil ee ge

Fa . 4 1. i]
F

, . _ na 2 a re Yr ¥ - | , 7 lies, *
‘ _ -“ tame. " re RY ot et ers ee ree
. a PN, aS on r ne lee Se at" * Shea Fe grg, S00 we

te.
ae
7 et ah Set hoe

tt i a vay oe) Coe Fo CU “=r " =" } ee em mee ee o_o ee

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2019, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memurmulum. UNITED SALES GOVERNMENT
то
FROM
вUвJвс
-
ONIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
ALLEGEDLY CITED BY VR.
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA
DATE: August 89, 1852
By letter of Auguat 86, 1952,
, the dir Force requested
that we ezanine the cap of Mr.
at dest Polm Beach, Florida,
who claims that ne obserued ai
unidentified flying object in a desolate area.
He reportéd.
Randy
that upon his investigation,
a is object 30 feet in dianeter
hovered over his head and shot a "ped blob" unich caused him to Kl
lose consciousness.
The oap has some holes burned in it and it
is reported that the hair on Desuergera' arms was singed. The
Air Force requested that we determine, is possible, from any
residues left the nature of the residual materíal.
The dir Force desires an oral report or this tonight.
He have finished the
eronination and are preparing to aduise the
dir Force as follows:
1.
There
is no residue which. bould permit a deterrination
as to the naturé of the material which oaused the burns in the
cap.
In addition to the obuious burns, there is one minute burned
area which is probably too anall to have been oaused intentionally
but more likely by a small hot ember.
The bill and a large part of the edges of the oap
are singed but the singeing is not unifora as would be espected
is it had been caused at one time by a single flash of flaze.
The
Sront edge of the cap bill is more severely singed than other.
portions os the capo.
This condition would not be expected if the
aource of the flame vas directly overhead.
hen the date oldered olute front, tee left
edge of the insignia and the fold in the blue cloth,
abaence of singeing noted under the fold suggesting the possibility
It
not being worn when the singeing took place.
noted
that this Sold "grooths out" when the cap is placed
on the head.
RECOMWENDATIONS
eci
hidale
That in response to the request,
of Colonel
orally aduised of the above.
So are the are end not ne
16283817-315
HECORDED • 122
SEP 1 1 1993
DJP/Ret
5127/136:30fia fris to
l82. SEP 1-
Imp.

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 862, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Mentinum • UNITED INES GOVERMIBAT
то
1. H. BELON
DATE:
dugust 10, 185.
FROM
•А-
PURPOSE:
To adulse all superuinora engaged on sight
duty of iratructiona concerning the referral of
Shying disc inforsation to OSI.
RACTOROUND:
Captain!
OSI, eth dir force
даве,
bowling rol, nos requested that any sagornation
concerning the nighting of fluing disce ants orrise,
etc.)
be telephonically furnianed sanediately
dou or night, by dialling code 1261, and asting for
Istersion 509.
captain
natulsed the
dir force
la greatly conoerned about the captioned natter, and
souls appreciate the bureau a cooperatíon in banediately
adulsing of detalla received concerning euch cosplaints.
ACTION:
It 88 reconnended a copu of this
memorandur
be filed in the night and seek-end superuisor a boot
Un your office for their inforsation.
RICCRCED - 4C
62-83474-314
58 SEP 18 1952

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 116, "chars": 791, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
...
1 2 9 9 8
8-99-52
Paragraph
(0) OLYma Pasted - Meterence de mede to Bureau BuLletIn 451.
October 1, 1947, and SAC Letter #38, dated
March 25, 1949, In the captioned matter.
It is noted that some Bureau fleld offices are not fur-
to existing Bureau instructions.
Upon receipt of information by your office relating to
the sighting of a flying disc, you should endeavor to determine
from the complainant detalls of the type referred to in the Air
rorce memorandum
to sAc Letter #36 which was furnished to your office as an enclosure
The information should then be promptly fur-
nished to OSI locally by your office.
As you are aware, the in-
vestigation of so-called Ilying dises 1s the responsibIlIty OI Ene
Department of the Air Force.
#:
1422-8389414
NOT KICKIND
80 SEP 2
1952
2>7
5852

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 645, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ir Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
то
• ar. a. He single.
DATE: Auguet Bis.
1058
FROM
BUBJEC
FLIING DISCS
PURPOSE:
To reconnerd eziating inotructiona to the field
Te flying diacs De called
to the attention of the
field.
BAGEGROUND:
feld indicates of communicatione received from the
they are not obseruing eristing
instructions
contained is Bureau Bulletin #57, para-
D, dated 10/1/47,
and SAC Letter #38, dated
3/85/49, to refer details of complaints regarding
flying saucera to OSI locally.
ACTION:
It 18 recommended the attaohed BAC: Letter
be fasued.
Tole,
Vir
RECORDED - 34
ГУ.129
67-83174-313
SEP! 5 1952
13
Mic
71 SEP 101952

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 733, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August
25, 1858
RECORDED 14 62 - 4: $14-3/21
INDEXED-14
51.32
Koshkonong, disaourt
Dear dr.
Tour Letter dated August 14, 1858, has been
recefued, and I want to thank you gor affording se the
benefit of your obseruations.
Insanuch as the matter to ohion you refer.
hs of interest to another governmental agenoy, I an
taking the liberty of gorvarding a copy of vour com-
marication to the Direotor of special Investigationa,
The Inspector General, Department of the dir toroe,
The Pentagon, Mashington 25, DoC.
Sincerely yours,
John Edgar Hoover
Director
copy of incoming aent to the Director of Speotal
Investigations,
the Inspector General, Department of.
the dir force, by fora letter.
=§&SEP8
MAILED Y
13
1952UG 2 5 1952
GANH
7 si

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 311, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
4

a
a7 |
fy
F.
&
hs
4
rv
A BS
* #4
- 4
.
Fe
.

mwisag

ee

4

S yey

*

Bh oe
-

-

= reel Rie =_—

c.  \“W i Leal &. im or eS

_ ; \ “AN Vi ty alan, ©

* 7
F ¥ 2
: . . my ” ie a ha =
; . : . . . *< : . . 4
- . . r F tt et
ee ee el ge ee ee ee ee ee eee ee

ay walla — SR eo ‘

ww

aan (cra aah > ef TEM Ws

,

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 169, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "clean-vision"}
2
thei s uefnad kefoe
dayliytln saine dat
sile Ikase wa see -
tte vaper oulg-
Prena His seunce ant
ya nill tare cun te
Caif for seur Megadam
Thaks
BettTannz
vito
ș.3 h?

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 641, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RECORDED
• 125
INDEXED • 126
auguat 20, 1952
Los Angeles 6, California
• Dear
• 73
letter of August 18, 1852; has beer recelued
and I want you to know that I appreolate the interest
prospting you to bring your obaeruationa to au attention.
Inasmuch as the matter to which you refer 1a of
interest to the United states dir Force authorities, I am
taking the liberty of mating a copu of your consundoation
auallable to the Honorable, The Secretary of the Air Jorce,
•The Pentagon, Hashington
25, Do.
stroerely yours,
zub
John Edgar Hoover
DETeOtOr
Illigribih
/'..
RECE 'H
•Ur 20
1101 Percão
E BI
• I
" 4
662835414311
COMM - FBI
66 SL MALED 2P

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 131, "chars": 710, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Last sunilay ay ille in: I attented a lorain; ploture reera ster
It TATO
he the dirtsalen that thire ai it te a plane un in the
oly alth a 5ict 11blt ci azrob liht that de sanü deir fect the plane
ard "ben cu" flin 38 cake in alicit to jo ui thera to sird iber
they tuin off the licht aid tiers fot in le0l that they have ride a
fist retava" " into tie si! at a rar! fist speed tria lene ¿ess bac
lights tur" off and ati! Icts tra! it. ti, to core ever the tor
¿I tb19: Iata trey ¡cult he sül? to citch 1: tut the" should te ??;
plane up id Lave them astil devI e erot light or earch 1155.t
find out if tile 1e Ict truz
1I tiE 1B CI cry l3l; 1i will sake ua LEFTY
111
RECORDED - 126
13
16-327
- AUG 27 180
XIt

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1745, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Director, FBI
BAC, San Diogo
August 5. 1952
In view oi the current hysteria conceriing the
no-called "flying saucers"
I thowrht that the Bureau
might be interested in the
following information concern-
ing the captioned organization.
I am transmitting horowith certain literature con-
corning tho captioned organization which was furnished to
• who oporatos the d
Company in Son Diego and who has his office in the same
building housing the FBI offico.
It 1s of Interest to note that on Friday, August 1,
1952, at approximatoly 12800 noon,
-asked to see
me urgently, which I did. As a member of tho captioned
organization, he advised mo that they wero having e mooting
at 1:00 PM the samo day, Inasmuch as they had boon advised
Ho went on to relate that through the means utilized by his
organizetion (which tho enclosed literaturo will reflect
borders on
the occult, thay wero able to prornoaticate
well in advance the recent earthquake which occurred in
rohachepi, California. Ho advised thet they have also
been ablo
to obtain the following Informations
1. That a very sovere tidal wave will hit the
Pacific Ocean sometime in the not too romote future and
that most of the Japanese Islands will be washed away
and disappear.
2.
That all fishes with scales in Japaneso
waters will soon leave those waters for other dostina-
tions, in viow of the oncoming tidal wavo.
I FIGH
Hawaiian
3.
That this tidal wave will wash away the
Islands.
4.
Thit the West Coast of the United States will
11kewiso be affocted by this tidal wave.
5.
That they prognosticated the appearance of
a now island in the Pacific which was published in the
nowspapers within the past week.
JFS: ha
142-83894
NOT RECORVED
71 SEP F21952
147 - 2. * 1952
INITIALS ON ORIGINAL
:

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1512, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Dirooots, FBI
de!
8-5-52
6.
That the flying saucers are not fantasies; that
they ere factual and actual; that his associates in the captionaa
organization have boon in convorsation with the mon operating
the flying saucers, and that they have asked that high offiolala
of the Do s. Gotornment be informed that they are hore on our
planet on a peacoful mission and that they are not on a warlike
misBion.
However, Il tho 0. so Government continues to send
• plenes after these Ilring saucers and if thoso planes fire on
the flying saucers, they have disintegrators which they will
utilize and which will disintograto thoso plenes complotoly in
no timo 11 at.
roquested that oither I myself attend the
mooting at 1:00 PM or that I designato a stenographer to attand
the nooting, do that she could take down all the minutes of the
meeting.
told him that unfortunately this was very sbort
notice,
that I had another commitment and that our stenograpbors
were protty woll ocoupied at that timo. Ho said he would advise
me of anything important that right transpire at the meting.
As of August 2, 1952, he has not advised me of anything whi an
transpired at the meeting.
I should like to point out that d appears to be
a perfectly sano, sound Individual; he oporates a very large
insurance business in San Diego, and 1s convinced in his on
mind of the efficacy of this organization.
No investigation 1s being conductod concerning this
matter and I do not contemplate attending any metings of this
organization.
2=
: Г

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 156, "chars": 1005, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 88, 1958
RECORDED • 8
jackson, Minnesota
TRDEXED • 88
Dear Mr.
EX. - 73
together oith enolosure,
has beer recelued,
want to thank you for bringing this satter to my
attention.
Inagnuon as the contenta of vour communt-
cation do not rofleot anu ufolation within the
Jurtadiction of this Bureau, I am unable to comply.
with your request.
I am taking the liberty of forwarding a
oopy of your letter and your original enclosure to
the Director of special Investigations,
The Inspector
General,
Departnent of the dir Force,
The Pentagon,
Mashington 85,
Do Co,
since these matters may be of
Interest to that agenay.
Singerely vours,
John Edgar Hoover
Director
Copy of incoming to Dept. of Air Force.
In vieur of corresponded ¿rindredge to
a "steady whit
light"
circling
their Jari
which is deing referre
to the
U.S. Air Force brandhi DEkerastefuin mattera of this ti
Correspondent's enclosure was 4 # ple of wnat appeared to
be
shredded
strips of tir:fore
IH: mnS:ns
MAILED TO
ANG 2? 1952
off
SEP 8
1952

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 349, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lacison Mer
praction, Thes
"Dirt inte
so it open telege ar
in a pasture in a lord fire, -un
i tess in a tige tosse at
sighties
"dant tell traged to to o
Pat tags cirching their ques let«
pay any is for to be Than.
Fantas
-7él
pit it corns, a
This stuff Slimi
- RECONOED-88 1628344-370
does tut in a on the
is about a fruit too the parture at Moid e

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 186, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
{

~~

= no + . _
- ‘ 3
.” agen | . Mo
FRLSH av Adve = , |
La a
Ojf° 437%
ay dee UT GLO
soe eee NU Sanger un

“ aqhj . i wae .

rf mag
_°
oe
ot

Ce er ee ty Ee el ee eee

¥ ee a .- <==

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 130, "chars": 775, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"'.
TRUE COPY
Jaokson Kinn
dug 8, 1852
J. Edgar Hoover
rederal bureau of Investigation.
Hashington,
Do Co
Dear Mr Hoover:
I don't know if you analyze articles so will
send you a sample of (something that 100ke like tinsel)
@ there are
a grene one 2 1 30r Patel el to are one sure s
triangle Jorm.
Last Sunday korning the Neighoors ware
to get a drink of water a happnea to see a steadi
ohite Light circling their farm, out didn't pay any
attention to it.
Than Sunday sorn. when ay uncle bent
he saw this stuff shining in the sun
digget it cousin't og been dropped out of a plane as it
was loose & not in a container & the nearest road is
about a t mile from tre pasture & now we are wondering
what it 13.
So would like to have you analyze it d let
же кного.
sincerely yours,

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 719, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Date:
To:
570-9
ALÇIot 20, 1058
Director of spacial Investigeiions
The inspector General
repertment of the isr force
are Pentagon
Facilnuton 85, 1. 6.
federal furcau of Investire:ior
APPROPRIATS ANTICIE
AND PIELD DETICES
SLIP (5) 08-
There is ostached a comunication which
N03
этог!!т.
rele nil bith = letter detra s 2s, frontier so
Yew
Ferasite to tre distore! otter.
•letter has been ac'nowledçed
and he hos
ter=
intorice fret thio corrunicatior har
beer furnished
to
yot office for appropriate attention.
No further cotion fa
this fureau.
conternate? in the natter by -
int
R
MALED I
AUG 2 1 195?
COMM-FBI
RECEII!
0701
NTIAL
CC:
08D: 00K
12S! HACE RECORDED - 162
IZ SOy
! 6
1338Н. 03A
EX-18
-30"
: 1052
6U SEP
31952

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 755, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
)
Director, FBI
SAC, SEn DICEO (1006:565)
BORDERLIN SCILICES, RESEARCIS ASSOCIATTS
San Dicro California;
8-18-52
Roference 15 made to San Dicgo Lettor datod 8-5-52 concorning the
captioned matter.
For the additional information of the Bureau, there ia beine trans-
mittod hererith ane copy each of the follaring which mase made
available to me byl
anho is a somber of the captianad
organization:
1. Wincoraplud letter comisting of four
pagos addrossed to His licellency, Tho
Prosidont of the United States.
2e ¡lincopraphod arnouncement consisting of
thrao pages entitled "For Information of
tho Public - and the Sako of the Rocord -
A Synopsis of Inportant Data".
Inclosure (2)
Ji38 joc
142-83844
NOT RECORDED
147: EP 8 1952
15 SEP 101952
, T
::n...".

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 992, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorundum • UNITBD STALES GOVERNMENT
IO 8 A..
PROM
SUDIBGT:
DATE: August 8, 1952
TORACA
1a0c
-ord
star Lo
ANONYMOUS CONMUNICATION WIITTEN
DA GENAN LINT ARE HECEIVED BY
TO
PERTAINING
"FLYING SAUCERS"
SECUKITY MTT 11 = X
Referenco is mide to a lotter from the Cincinnati Office dated
August 6, 1952, submitting an anonynous letter in Carran concorning
so-called "Flying Sancers."
Attached aïe 7 coples of a translation of this German matcrial (
prepared In the Cryptanalysis-Translation Section.
No rally has been made by us to the hugust 6, 1952, letter from
Cincinnati.
RECOM TINDATION:
That the Domistic Intelligence Division revier the Cincinnati
submission and accon; anying Burcau translation, for aypropriate handling,
notin; particula: ly a suggestion in the last pa arrajh of the Cincinnati
letter to consider makin this information availuble to other rovernmental
Agencies.
6=-83894
42-83899-7085
IN: Jen
'Attachment: -
.. i.
58 SEP 2
1952
EX. - 73
..e.
-....
..i...
CUSTEREO

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 130, "chars": 874, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
)
1A LA ON FROMAN
FLyiNg SAUGOT,
a respon tested in 1944, which 10 probubly now boing produoed in
acTios, and nt tlila tino causes a great otir, 1s a p-terpon abich
has a sound body similar to a disk having a diamoter of about
48-50 u.
On the outer ring it has about 4150 rutonatio circular
nozzles which after the ignition of the diux circulate around a
plexiglass sphore ii the center in which the mensuring and controlling
devlees for long-diotence steering aro loosted. In the aphere is still
suffioient apace for ator boabs.
There weapons are in hussian hands
and can have en affective rango of 30-35,000 ka. The construator af
Toroapons PIELEL in Germany stated that it concerno a typical f-reapon
on which he had morked hiaself.
I an oure that the truth lo better
than a pande anone ignorant peoplo.
". ICH.
75:11.:
/':"
- i'
: t.1.1
COPIES DESIRO!* :
870 NOV 191$64

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 784, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Date:
Auguat 14, 195?
Direator of special Inuestinations
The Inspector Gereral
Departrent of the dir. Force
The Pentagon
sashington 85, Do Co
ITOM:
Join ragar hoover,
Iirector
federal Bureau of Inuestigation
Sunject: IITIA DISKS
spicnetory deuter cated Augh. .,
There is attached a copy issi, "fecelued
by
this Bureau gron Mra.!
Avenue,
fairmont,
Test Virginia, relating to
the captioned
matter.
: letter has heen acknowlenged
anci
slit has heen
injormed that a copy of her letter
has beer Jurntified
to pour of ice sor a propriate
attentior.
No sur her notion to contemplated in
this marier by iris bureau.
RECORDEN -11 !!.=
307
INUS 3.5
hitachmer
ACT:
-
• ed
Bureau files fail to reflect any information
that can le identified. with l'rs.
" 1931
l'e
:!!:
балті,
- 5 3 AUG 26 1052

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 110, "chars": 764, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
!
Late:
To:
August 13, 1958
Director of Speolal Investigations
The Inspector General
Department of tie dir force
The Pentagon
Pashington 95, Do Go
John Edgar Hoover, Director
federal Bureau of Investigation
sunject: ILIING DISKS
There is attached a copy of a self
explanatory letter dated July 31, 1952, recesued
Dy this Bureau Srom yr.
Part Avenue,
New York city, relating to the
captioned matter.
mids letter has been acknonledged i
and le has been informed that a copy of his letter
has been furnished to your a dice gor ap: ropriate
attention.
ho jurtler action to contennlated in
this matter by this Bureau..
F-f...
RECORDED - 11
-!%:
''''. 306
=5,1852
1O:E:
thet can he identified
bureen Her saek to redlect angintormation
ith iir.!
El: IC
5!"
«riG 261957

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 645, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
)
i
.!
Date:
то:
subject:
Auguot 13, 1852
Director of Spectal Investigationa
The Inspector General
Department of the dir force
The Pentagon
Mashington 25, Do Co
John Edgar soover, Director
Federal nureau of Investigation
FLYING DISIS
There is attached a Photostat of a self
1952, a $
Zone 17, Pontiac,
letter has been acknowledged
and he has been informed that a copy of his letter
has been furnished to your office dor arpropriate
attention.
No jurther action de contemplated in tria
matter bu this Bureau.
A teach
гепт
NO TÉ
RECORDED - 11
E... fi:
-3'5
Aud 15.195%
There $s
no record identifiahle with
in the files of the Bureau
- SAUG 20195%

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 587, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
)
duguet 22, 1952
New Palestine,
Dear Hrs. I
Indiana
!
Your letter dated Julw 31, 1952, addressed to the
dar Department,
c/o Federal Bureau of Investigation, has beer
received.
Tour interest in furniahing your obseruation in
this regard is appreciated.
In ulew of the contenta of your connunication
which also appear to be of interest to the Department of
the hit Force, I have taken the liberty of furnishing
that Agency a
copu of your letter.
Sincerely yours,
John Edgar Hoover
Director
RECORDED 11,
. =
+1-49-838940304
їх- 73
anto
4Eh11
COMM - FEI
AUG1.:
MAILED 20
68 AUG 24 1952
12i

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 108, "chars": 867, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 11, 1958
COMPED : 119
C..
Уг.
dauston,
• i:
Dear
Your letter dated durust 1, 195?,
received, and 1 appreciate tie biterest which
promited your bringing your obseruations to sy
attention.
pit
Inasmuch us the matter of the flying
saucers b8 being fuestigated by the Unfted States
Air Force, I am tating the liberty of forwarding a
copy or vour letter to the Director of special Investigations,
The Inspector General, Departnert of the Air, Force,
ine rentago
iashington,
!. C. If you have juriner observations along
tilis
line,
I would sugiest
municate directly with him.
sincerely yours,
Jolin Edgar Hoouer
Director
Copy by form to hir Force Intelligence.
NOTE:
Special Agent
, E0D 3-38-25, GS-12,
$5760,
Special Agent
'BOD
110-6-31, 45-15,
$10,000,
assigned Division
Il as inspecter.
KHD: crimpo
75. 1 ? ฿
* 1334
29 985 26 200
62 AUG 2C 100/2:
. -
42-83899303

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 77, "chars": 513, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Hauston, dis: sain, 1 durist 105
wirested
washington, do Co
Dear sir:
I ite tir lilors e an opinion"
paring arolid in the atrosphere.
drug lo the popes authorities and ser-
i in a fioran of toth dela 3: "1 and a ad also a member of
I en presetly a reder of
hete de? in demoing down dis course of
0om5g.:...1:
wait following up 2: tria
made To gall cuperation and considtralion in
i paid a pledge sikaye an advise yort cot
1.t...
ments.
Inu's ier, truly,
DXPEDIIZ
C:
Perman Mle
4. CORDEL - 119
303
QUG 671952
11

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 511, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(ex.
Met it!
r.0G
_ ¿ 195?
Mi. Il. fitted.
FBY, SAVANNAH
DIRECTOR, FBI
6-9-5 €
URGENT
6-46 PN EST
-WED
:
FLYING SAUCERS, SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT, AEC. SECURITY OFFICE OF
ADVISED THIS DATE THAT TWO EMPLOYEES OF THE E. I. DU PONT COMPANY
SA# A BLUE LIGHT WITH AN ORANGE FRINGE SHAPED LIKE A SAUCER FLY OVER
THE FOUR HUNDRED AREA OF THE SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT AT APPROXIMATELY
NEVE THIRTY PM AUGUST EIGHT, FIFTYTWO. OBJECT FLYING AT A HIGH BATE
"Pii
RECORDED - 68
, AUG 141952
7-48 PM OK FEI WA NRB
hANG 8119
¡i'"
= !.

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 4, "chars": 26, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
setIl
1FO
sec 8
140 Pages

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 169, "chars": 1156, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
50-30 8her. 9.396)
Co
FBI
Date:
21/7/57
- Transalt the following cossage vial i'll
¡Pretty a Mechad of Malling)
dont
dama
Mobi
Liran
MI.
Mr.
Para
jose
Trues
Xe.
Chart
Tele Roas
Mr. Bollo
Mies Gas
Su.codi
thul: did, JaTruIT (100-76505)
UNIDELTIFILD FLYINÜ OLJECTS; 19 - X.
He detruit telete to Bureau, 11/7/57, captioned UnIDaTIPIEL
Intervier of
reported in ilaii
icio, live
: copies oi
herevit. Ior the sureau, was conducted by un
No
by
¿tion of irr tional or Otherwise abnornal benávior
was
observed during the interviel.
acvised that his conmunication wai directsd to iu.
rather than to President LISL. Huidi ziter
seeing la. Cultul's picture and Identificuion tita
• the
Prasicent's Office in a local paper.
• 1952 at te host, tel
nee
vid in 19 & detroit.
four
: residence in ar old folish reignoornoon at
Detroit.
Ho revious recorà located in ¿viruit
divices
ive. tifiable with
or dis life.
On 11/7/57,
adrissa IC
that records
reflect
oily
Enouiries conceri.ing
and 3/51 and 6/57, Wifeli confirin
¿is local address and
employment
Bureau (Encls-5) (Fl)
Detruit
Cr:JLE
(4)
INDEXED-JU
RECORDED-18
!?
2I NOV, 1S 2867
7 6N0V 25 1952
special Ageal in Charge

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1498, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
YEDERAL BUREAU OF INTESTICATION
Detroit 31, sicilitar
7,1857
4:431
Five lia
UA253
LIFE L ELYIG OSJECTU
"Tiation
• ustroit, liéo
-sl,
init
immince the following ¡isoriation:
born ebracry 19, 1926 in the state of marsari, -olard,
an brownit iros , olara as a irisoner of tar to
Gut alt bolssen, aypromi utel: 30 wiles east of beriin, Germany,
1942, where he remained witil a few weeks after the
he spent tie foilurin, years at
Displaced sursons Caups at ork, strasburg, Uflenburi, illrein
En irzibura, bernary.
lie ettencer e radio technician schosi
at juiburs and ict dicut a year las emiloyed in a textile
will et Laurachiacen, veruary.
he arrived in the Unitea
sistes at der tort, des 2, 1922, vic tre "sos. Grassel storari"
replaced rerson,
ciestined
to the lieverenu-
mantranck, richigan; tis alien registration nurver -
Since léy, 1951, be has been employed et the Gobel
pretery, Vetroit.
liens rejort of mysterious vchicle in iexas causing
engines to stall propteù bin to comunicate witi tis
lnited states vovernient concerning a similar phenareron
observed by din in 1944 in the ¿rez of Gut Alt volssen.
iccordini; to
•, airing 1944, Monta roï recéiled,
while enroute to work in a field a short distance porti di
tieir tructor engine stalled on a road trigouza
sut hit Golssenho wacuinery or orner tonicle vas tien visiole
althou, » a noise ras heari descriis as a bigh-pitcheu lie ""
sillar to trat procuced by a larce electrit senorator.
-
"62-53394-254

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2446, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
waiting
' 1
An "Sil guard arueared wid talked briefly witir the Gerwan
iver oi the tractor, who waited five to ten minutes,
sili
ter wiich the noise stopped and the tractor engine was
Parted numally.
approxinately 3 hours later in the same
swamp area, but away fron the road where the work crew haget
cutting "hay", he surreptitiously, because of the Gernan
in charge of the crew and "SS" cuards in the otherwise deserted
area, observed a circular enclosure approximately 100 to
150 yards in diameter protected fron viewers by a tarpaulin-.
type wall approxiliately 50 leet nigh, iroa mich a vehicle
was observed to slowly rise vertically to & height sufficient
to clear the warı and then to move slowy norizontauy i
short distance out oi his view, which was obstructed by
nearby trees.
This vanicle, ouserved fron approminately
500 seet, hai ve-crivel as circulur in shape, 75 to 100
yards in dianetur, and avout 14 lest nich, consisting of
dark gray strilonary top and botton sections, live to six
feet high.
The approximate three foot middle section appeared
to be a rapidly moving component produciag a continuous blur.
siniles to in aeroplane propeller, bit extending the cir-i
cuifcrance ol'the vehicle so far as could be observed.
The
noire eminatin Iran tie valicle was siwilar but of somewhat
lover pitc then the noise previously heard. The encine of
the tractor arcin stálled un tliis occasion and no cffort
was made by the German driver to start the engine until the
noise stopped, ¿îter whici. the engine started nornally.
Uninsulated metal, possibly copper,
cables one and one-half inch to two inches in cianeter, on
and under the surface of the ground, in sole places covered
by water, were observed on this ana previous occasions.
auparently running between the enclosure and a sual.
concrete coluun-like structure between the road and erclosure.
Inis area was not visited by
again until shortly after the end of world war Il, when it
was observed the cubles had been removed and the previous
locations of the concrete structure and the enclosure were
covered by water.
•stated he has not been in
coumunication since 194> with any of the work crew of 16
or 18 men, consisting di dussian, french and Polish PUls,
who hau unscussud this incident anont tilemselves many times
uniever, or these, l
was able to recall by name
no address know!l,
described as
then about Su yeurs oi aje and presumed Dy
a turned to foland arter 1945.
"14

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 789, "chars": 4929, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
of al
- he he

ey et dea al mas + ig * ele A tty ke

ae ie —

wee a re tee

al aw-. eo fe . oon ar all

al «= i - = .* ee wee Lay i daees es = i Pas ‘an : ;
ane , OR Ie Soiree eng a SS Ie ei tae ‘ Sols Sab Gi
— = '& . a piaihera et ae eet eT e etet at i ole eke ete tA whee OO

: ;. . | 2 tae eee aye Renee c on a eee ee
i. Pee : fs Nee pete Sag Odean, Se Re Da oer estes Sea
wien Sem ae ee eet getce Pe ee SSS EE = Re hea WF -go sd SATE AS Bega sie

- hee. ~s tS ela aa YE eee, ‘The at He Rey Sip os 'ch
7 te re wg a 7 - Aes.
re a ne This report ‘4c Zozned to you ‘by the “Fal, “iat a:
iF we games a © FTmanft matthew 4¢ maw 4¢ 2 sontentes ere 35 Se wg stributed « ¥
- . * ~~" — Www WIGS £0 MWA EV Se “thf iF agent
te a: oo - = 7 I: A, me. ow pe wertet -. = 7h ia ia cembarnaitres

oo outsice your agency. me a ee nA erg Ee :
. | - * we _ =. i Lea Se ee ences ee sean cat sy te cee
: _ . . “og , ow ie rs Pes re -wE . " +S -- & eh ri gm . at hal
ff 5 . . St ae ce a i oe vale. v me a tS peewee
' - _ te - = - i. ee - . . a * - — =" uw te oe ee -_—- - “~ a. _—_ Loom.
r ~- la” . - rane ee. a ~~ we ae, > ” eee aes ee ee me gut .
" . * ‘< . _* _ a “oo # - . s 4 oe een r - ;
~ ° we eee ge Ak ie ne nw pt w.!. ort a teeta tx * Seon nye
i. . : 1 * i ay - > of a + a
aa - 7 a ie ied a tte” Oye ee er and Thane Bett Core nets Ress AE. yf

STF - * . . . - . —_— -_— © 2 ee . __ = avr at + . 4 oo me ; ee >: _. 7

— : " oe wT a tial me ams _- . -= ee a oe ie *O™D
z T 7* _-# = . ues "Tes 7. ms * all Senile ee) -_ en fot:
- . 1 . * "a F
cal 7 . . . rd “oe a + - 4 7 *!
ic a i = "Fro ¥ ™ . - * 7 Far er + ™ é = ow = - . . ao ™ . MG wt - few = Set =
i * - 7 . ; _* _ is. - + ae

= " - . ° nat _ AP . a eee Fee pe
‘7 - * —_—- co ae ne ea ears ee — 8. eal - Raat By et Sole eee Sp ee oe
i - - . : . . a] - -* >
™ . - . : - a ss - » +" an a ee i-
' me, ; . ‘We , - - ~ . , var : 7 cee: * . cum . ” ~.. “— ", side a4 ‘- ~ %. - a». oye im

= — + . - - oa aw" 2° teow ne ae
_. ’ - ~- \ : 7 me _ . - *. is oa” = = weet 7 rep Sa A rr at
oe er i. . oF ete wee sae a "2 we rT rt A se LRT aes PRET eG s
~ = . . . ™ a a - . wpe _— gm - “ante PGE ra
- = 7: = = . = = ct i iii i. Soe. ke foe
™ — a a - . * ae * . - -~s -_ "m= . a 7 a mor et re Fe >, —
a - et Coe Be eg tts ote te S
i . ~ "el: ™ a ee ee Soe 2 « - +e ade ‘Zan eee - ancien $a thom

- - a oe i a a Sree

te . oT tage Sie.” es _* “,
» a — ‘== ial oe ee - fo — —— Zs a _— * ant %. : “i: —- -* _ ae a re + Pas he
* j a PL RS ee a rane alee a Aton pe rns =F ay i P9LRG SE a eh ho pe: Sen ee TR EY

. = . _—= = sm

. . ba - ‘4 . - mt _* . . a 4 ta TTL =} ria =
+ . -4° =

. . . ‘as - a - - ; : -
. -- - 4 ‘ ._ . . : ~< . : ;
“ae ~ + we ee . coe el ea oe ea foo ke Le ee 72" "oe Ta 1? -
oe . a air rh A coat rrereare ness Pr ree Shem aE se pe 8 Apa ie rags oad eye,

os * ~

« . 7 be. . , "ww - Pou: — a i en ee were oa

. : = oie “_ eh
. . ; . - ; ; . . . a a a -. 2.
seo: eee BET a eR Sate tee ee ee oe re been a peer ae o.” as ere A at lee RI
a -

f. —_ os --"
_ ~

= *

ms nti ne a. ™, AF pee arte cz ite noes ae we 45
TES | ‘ae Fae : a "7 See? 5 CATES ARSE Re His _P Ne He Agent: ee in soma

~ a: * wet oe _ Fe ae -- =e _— . [on Pare a aia
. . 7 ome gente 2! _ =
j=2 een ._—_ a zt #3. Mesias eS . Pras. te afr Esha ao a * ae a ‘* 4 ike 3 Be ites 5 eo : ae on

- ows
-. —_ .. . . - .

: ain _ , . wy - "= oes ca ean, a Se ete a oO a —, oes, 5 he ee ee Se eek “"
a ee . . il ~~ - ’ . Sere . ere a . * “or == 07 . * + tie 20 or. tal, ~—ee =: nets y te ee
- Me Tw iee Te - > he es a ee tat i ar ine 7 et bee me lee tina 7 oS tab et +,
no - « —™ = . . r . a. = os =. ee _ =~ a. 7 ae se -* Pied _ ' ~ he in ~~ - F a Te, 7.3 _ ‘ Fi *.* *. * 227 mai +r
ae 7 * - -" . . | tml 7 — ie —_ a ™ * — + 1 —_—: =“ y- s 7 bs os . _ + - ae 7 . : —_ 2 re } :

Wot Type tse eee. oo a Tete oe a emir to te NE a Ee Fro a re Ny a

= * . - - = ~

Poin igp Og page Canter: «bok Ene ‘. A. Be A> reir tre *, tains Se

= : - - - =» 7 ogee

= ee ee = a= ” oe eee ee -. “- —% a mt ie I eat = mee _* ee Eo ee ee ee ae —_— Fo

in i a a = we aq ” Ne ee Le 337 5 - “Ae Tr "os 7 wtf . ¥ ee =
_. ' a - : . . Lon. "i, - .°

F 2-0 WA ts mei a ee eed fale Pee =: aS = paoetet. t eke ng me OS oa ees we Sd eee ges
geet 55 RR CR WAS Bi ne WE Eg CRRA PSR eS

ies mrad Fw. as SEES E> trae are Se SS. ae Fee aR Se ge ee ee oe

.

a
i. 7 ~~ fe ~- ~aae hs a a ee ee
7’ eal a Saialaiedis Lae ae ni Fe A A, HARS - ty : is eens TE nee Fe ee pg Al reo eres .
*. al = . . _ : reert i
— 7 =

re: jae ee” * ¢ egw? Rete aR Ae re - paar a rors - pesepic:

mmo -- . . a a Py = tee 7 Owe Mek ‘ .- ' ae +e,
- sind nhl ~ ote mat - +e Sage 7 " gvye  S ae wt ees _ pare
PTT Ge RR ee oe rere “ee tai ait:
‘zo = <a — ee: Fr Sie” "aah, : ao gle
S <s ets Sr a ee a ge ee
=* 3 Sn r= _ oF, aa = oe aan . A a “ Bag
™ im - 7 7 - ~_ * r. =
. . : - a # t
a leg =F ir - peer. i om af —_ e aa .
LT TAY . 2 a8 — en eS Tae

cE ; ‘ - as .
moe pea waches soeire Sie

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 197, "chars": 1390, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1 ат.
Boardman
"lto
Belmont
- IT. Sandera
I - Iiai8on
BT TOURISE JEBTINE
sarasber B, 1957
KT. J. Patriot Bayro
Matlonal Baoursty Gounol!
freontlue Off80e Bullding
RECORDED-84
Jaa!rgten 25, #e
Драт ат 3894 = 383
ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED Y
•
Inp # 045974
INDEXED
o ser onore euler natn 1e tor adrano
кт.
Detroft LLe 'Klontnan,
87 т107
racuiaca that te algrt have Bone
=.":
Ingeraatlon
$0
'about the pookot in faxeo, o
lie daafred
bsor to wron de gould apect fr salu ragard.
SiT 105
DaR IntoTulONed on Hoverber % 19512
at ünioh tine i
he adulaed that blo nane
f8
That he soas borT
"DEtin sidtorss no sa
adulard shatine arrivan In New Tork on
aduleed that during isth, witle henan
3 Geraar, prisoner of war, no obertued a pebible berorítgd
bosenty five to one bundrad yondai1n°°
«lenetar,
ent tppreslsstely forsters jeet al gho
goBeruea sa plas vertfoally to a helftt.
sufficient te eleai e filtrreet ys?i end that ft menar.
EI
alouly horizontally e onort
ereterer out af v100 mniob Mae 7:
abstruotad by бreeв.
de stated that the engine of a
sraotor salted so sperate
deten sata se fod end that e
25g
engine falled or ore
agoosron shen a highopitoned
atathor solee mao desrá 8i
вл в .
semiar
fastabslrty.
national
BSS'&dun
(13)
yON
22 b1/2
та ран ao e bh.21
• ЗЗАДЕВІ С;
. 8 .
ONTEL
SEED*
Bre
Mich
Norase
Tola. Rook
Hollema.
Goody
EY COURIER SVO
6 8NOV 21 18
83 NOV 12
MAIL ROON L
COH DED
gen

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 76, "chars": 582, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dir. Ja Patrick Coyne
You sill be aduleed of any further Angoraation
mich may be received regarding
and the
niorsation furnitoned by tim
Purazant to your requesto Mr..
letter 18 returned herealth.
5.s.
SincereLy yours,
LOTTABEE BOOLOS
1- OTICe Of SecUrITY
Departuent of State
1- Director
central Intelligence Agency
Attentions Deputy Director, Plans
I - Assistent Chief of Staff, Intelligence
Department of the Army
Attentions Chlej, Security Diolsion
1 - Director of Naval Intelligence
I - Office of Special Investigations
dir Force
1 - Insigration and Naturalization Serolce
• 2=

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 1306, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mr. Tobol
CONTAINED
mary, AP, INs
Lay
ce-sat
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
IL & DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION
NOV 7
1957.
TELETYPE
Pation
TATE
Trotter
GLAStON
URGENT
1-7-57. 4-55 PM IST WHH
AT. HOLOR
Xiao
TO DIRECTOR TBI
FROM
FLyING DIseS
SAC, DETROIT 1P
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS, 15 - 4.
REBUTEL NOV STELAST
• DOS FES
C°
There
WINETEEN, NINETEEN IWENTYSIX, WARSAW, POLAND, HAS GERMAN POM E
MAY, NINETEEN FORTY TOO, UNTIL SUMMER OF NINETEEN FOURTYFIVE. S
BRIVED NY MAY TWO, NINETEEN FIFTYONE, AS DP, AR NO. ARMS
UPON INTERKIIN
ADVISED THAT WHILE GERMAN POW DURING NINETEEN FORTYFOUR OBSERVED
VEHICLE DESCRIBED AS CIRCULAR IN SHAPE. SEVENTY FIVE TO ONE
UNDRED YARDS IN DIAMETER, APPROXIMATELY FOURTEEN FEET HIGH. THE
VEHICLE WAS OBSERVED TO SLOWLY RISE VERTICALLY TO HEIGHT
SUFFICIENT TO CLEAR FIETY FOOT WALL AND TO MOVE SLOULY
- 80c.
HORIZONIALLY A SHORT DISTANCE OUT OF VIEW OBSTRUCTED BY TREES.
ENGINE OF TRACTOR FAILED TO OPERATE DURING THIS PERIOD AND
telephonically,
ONE OTHER OCCASION WHEN HIGH PITCHED WHINNING NOISE HEARD
"18/57
IN AREA•. NO INDICATION OF MENTAL INSIABILITY DURING
INTERVIENFURTHER. DEIAILS FOLLOW AMSD.
est
E CORRECT IINI POUR VORD 8X TOUR SILD BE ASH
IND AND A X PLS.
X$-58 PM OK FBI VA IN
TU DIC
RECORDED-
62=
85894 - 343
eitranger
1'9
5. 30100 NOV 18 1957

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 80, "chars": 646, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RECORDED
R
41t4,e1a
novender 6, 8957
есы1
wanT
PLATN TEXT
-DELEITES
БАС,
DETROIT
18-434981-592
DNTDENTIPIED FLYING OBJECTS, J5~t. a73.
sliver
DETROIT"HICHIGAY
ADDRESSED ESTER DUID NOVINBER POUBTE TO BOBERT CUTLER,
-ТО IS EPICIN ASSISTANT 9О SEE PRISTDINI, BIATIVE QUOIS I .
NIGII EATE SOLE JIFORLATION ABOUI TES ROCKET IN IZZAS. I...
HEARD ABODI TE DII THE POLISII RADIO PROGRAL. I FOULD LIKE
TO RIVON ID BEDL' I GOULD SPEAK IO. UNQUOTE JAIDINIEL.
INZERVIEK I
FOR ANT INFORLATION HIS BLAY EAVE. BUTILES
REFLECT NO INFORITIJON RE OU
SOTEL.
U. I. DO ARTIENT OF HESIT
OLELUSUAICHS STRY
HDV G 9957
DROVER
- (3)
62-8389 N
iNTE:iCE
- 6 8N01 211951/412

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 102, "chars": 726, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0-0
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT
NATIONAL SECUKITY COUNCIL
УЛЕНОТОН
November 5,2951
MASANDU: FOR IM. ALMI H. BENDIT
ASSISTA'IT DIRECTOR, FI
nirsuant to ry conversation vith you a ser somento aro
note hE enclosed a letto reccórad a General Cutler',
office today trom is.
Dotroit 21,
Elchigan.
It vould be appreciatod if tire Durazu, et Its correntenco,
would arrange for a representative to intervien i
for the pus gose of obtainin; any information in his possession
in elavoration of the substance of bis letter.
Jour assistence la this end related astrero se approciated.
Patrick tojoe
"factorin
5т3
N62.54
i soula spireciato the rotura o
Len it tas served YoUr purpose
lottes
| ENTOSURE
RDED-81
4E=EL2
= 88 NOY 18 1957

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 134, "chars": 990, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ep bisy +

Re pee ee Tee a RP? were ae a ae '-
. soa fF ' .: : ’ a me
‘ 1 1 . .

i

"t ;

a

re re ee eee ee ee en i rh Te cai cgay tated ae ed ee al, le BE, en tenn Oe EE EE RE TES SS am. a =_ =_o “=

._ an - 5 ‘ual - ‘ . . =

—- *

-

| rr
"

==

Tvould like to Imow to whoa I eould gpeak to. 7

=o eae he wn. ob oe

_ 2
-- ” .

fo Corr .
we P ° : s os 4
. . » * * = Fs

2 Dear Mr, Rodert Cutler; :

a X might have some information about the rocket fn Texas. gemeem

: a | heard about £¢ on the Polish Redlo Prograa, - SR

23 SS se Se

a9:
* -
- -
-
-
-
. *
=
-
.
-*
+7 ™
™, .
7 -a -
~~

- + “alee

Pia eee eT ee ee Ria wise

Pn a OE Sere Oe tae ret oS te D8 7 eae qa

-_ -.
_ -_ +
bal . =a '
- ——— _-s -"
* - - - .
- a
Lt . 7 - 7
* m+
aT eel
— ee . ee ee
~~ . ~
- .
+ _
— Oe
7, 7 oe =e 4 om a = Ss  . *
= =
- a _™=
- 1
a — * - — _—
ie ae ee ie i ge ei ie —_s _

° ik =, —

- + =
- “=
- = =
“se -8- BF “2 a
“7, - = met -.
. - Pins *
- 2h . - -
: 7:
= - - 7”
-
—— ee rm MRM epee = cere ee

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 166, "chars": 1208, "method": "ocr", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-vision"}
anel (707 4-28-879
DECODED COPY
Radio
Teletype
lobs
Porsoze
Rosedl
Tamm
Trotter
Naase
Tola, Foon
Hollanas.
Goody
bre
6,10
DEFERRED
11-8-57
TO DIRECTOR
FLYING DISCS
FROM SAC, SPRINGIELD
072245
REPORT OF SIGHTING OF UNKNOWN FLYING OBJECT NEAR DANVILLE,
ILLINOIS, NOVEMBER 6, 1957,
INFORMATION CONCERNING.
6 REPORTED THAT
REPORTED AT APPROXIMATELY 9:00 PM, NOVEMBER 7, 1957, SIGHTING
A BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT FLYING THROUGH THE AIR IN A SOUTHWESTERLY
DIRECTION FROM DANVILLE, ILLINOIS.
_TRIED TO FOLLOW
IN THEIR CAR IN THE SAME DIRECTION AND DROVE GENERALLY IN A
SOUTHWESTERLY DIRECTION FOR TWENTY MILES WHEN THEY LOST SIGHT
OF THE OBJECT. DURING THIS TINE IT APPEARED AS BRIGHT-WHITE,
AMBER AND ORANGE. NO INDICATION THAT IT DIPPED TO THE GROUND::
OR THAT IT AFFECTED THEIR CAR. THEY REPORTED FOR A FEW SECONDS
IT SEEMED TO AFFECT BOTH THE RECEIVER AND TRANSMITTER OF THEIR
FM TWO-WAY RADIO. REPRESENTATIVES OF INTERNATIONAL NEWS SERVICE
INQUIRED THIS OFFICE CONCERNING, NO COMMENT WAS MADE. ABOVE
BEING FURNISHED FOR INFORMATION BUREAU.
BECORDED - 5U
RECEIVED:
11:49 AM RADIO
INDEXED-50
62-83814-38
12:17 PM CODING UNIT
To NOV 12 1957
Біс
OS1, baling Fuel,
I5o Roseg
70 NOV 201957
18301194
ad thas it be exitably

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 1177, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dras
al1 chon. 7-24-873
DECODED
COPY
- Radio
Teletype
Tolson
Nicbole
Bondman
~ Belpout
Mobs.
Pazzone
Rosen J
Tano
Trotter
Nooso
Telo. Rosa
Hollowan.
Goody
• DEFERRE
11-8-57
TO DIRECTOR
1/ FROM SAC, HOUSTON 081700
FLyING DISCS
UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT WHICH FELL NEAR HOME MRS.1
HOUSTON, TEXAS, OCTOBER 24 LAST. INFORMATION CONCERNING.
MRS.
HOUSTON, ADVISED THAT ON
OCTOBER 24 LAST OBJECT BETWEEN SIZE OF GOLF BALL AND FIST •
FELL INTO HER YARD. OBJECT ALLEGEDLY OF METALLIC ISH OF
SOME KIND, WAS BRIGHT AND HOT WHEN IT FELL. OBJECT FOUND
BY
WHO REPORTED IT TO SCIENCE TEACHER,
WHO SUGGESTED AUTHORITIES BE CONTACTED. INFORMATION FURNISHED
OSI, ELLINGTON AFB, WHO HAS CONDUCTED INVESTIGATION. PRESS
INQUIRY RECEIVED TODAY.. ANSWERED BY STATING REPORT OF FALLING
OBJECT HAD BEEN RECELVED AND INFORMATION CONCERNING HAD BEEN
RELAYED TO MILITARY AUTHORITIES, ELLINGTON AFB. OBJECT
ACCORDING TO OST IS PART OF AN ORDINARY FLARE. AND OF NO
SIGNIFICANCE. ¡EOR BUREAUS INFORMATION.
RECEIVED:
= 4:44 PM RADIO
5:11 PM CODING UNIT HT
RECORDED - 50
62-83894-380
INDEXED-50
a NOV 12 1957
1 CoRe 01857 S08
• order lo piosect the Buros & erypt
voted outside the Batecu
respect chas is be anilably

===== PAGE 100 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1344, "method": "ocr", "page": 100, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Mr V. Indum • UNITE FAgS GOVERNMEN
TO 8 DIRECTOR FDI
DATI:
11-8-57
mon f. 8AC-KNISAS CITY (66-2895)
BUD
if:
INFORNATION CONCERITING
On November 5, 1957, S1 (A)
received
infornation from XI.
Kansas City, Hissouri that an uncle,
-, employea by an aircrait concera ana
residing at Fort MorIn, Texas, bout tro years ago saw ar
unidentified subject in the sky near his home.
He obtained
his novie camera and tool pictures of the object.
About.
eighteen months ago the uncle visited in Kansas City and
the movies of the flying disc vero shown.
According to
• the pictures mere very good and consisted of about
fiftees feet of 11ln.
stated that he and his uncle have felt "1o011sh"
when discussing the matter and never bothered to seport it.
He said bovever. In view of the late international developments
he felt that the Government Bbould have this Infornation.
In view of the fact that the Bureau may be interested
in this Illu, It 15 requested that the Dallas Office st
Fort Forth, Texas locate and interview !
and obtain the film for transmittal
to the suicau.
It is sugrested that the bureau, after reviewing the
Illn, advise the Office of Special Investigations, USAT,
of any pertinent information depred appropriate.
2 = Bureau
- Dallas
• - Kansas City (6G-2995)
TSF : 11
(5)
RECORDED -
L
-!! 317
21 NOV 1 ° 1957
64 NOV 18 1957 F4 92-'

===== PAGE 101 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 1170, "method": "ocr", "page": 101, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FEDERUL BUREAU OF INTESTIGATON
IL & DEPAATHENT OF JUSTICE
COMMUNICATIOKS SECTION
NOV 7 1957
ТИ ЕТУРЕ
Mr. Toleon
Mx. Boardy,
MI. Belmos
MI. Mobt,
Mr. Nasse
Hi. Parzone
Mr. Rosen
MI. Tarta.
Mr. Trottes
Mr. Clayton
URGENT 11-7-57-12-41 AM GPU
TO DIRECTOR 2
YORK 1P
FROM SAC NE DifLyiNg DISCS
-UNIDENTIFIEDYFLYING OBJETS OVER INCORPORATED VILLAGE OF OLD BROOK-
LIC VILLE Le NY TVENING OF ELEVEN SIX FIFTYSEVEN._ INTO CONCERNING.
OF INC. VILLAGE OF OLD BROOKVILLE. ADVISED SEVERAL
BESIDENTS OF THAT AREA AND MEMBER OF PD HAVE REPORTED SIGHTING TWO RED
LIGHTS HOVERING IN AIR THAT VICINITY. LIGHTS APPEAR TO BE AN EVEN
DISTANCE APART AND TO BE JOINED TOGETHER. AT ONE TIME THESE LIGHTS
LIT UP AND SEEMED TO CAST A RED DUST OR FOG IN SURROUNDING AIB.
AIRFORCE BASE
ADVISED HE REPORTED ABOVE INFO TO MITCHELL AFB AND ROSELYN
AIRFIELD. BOTH ADVISED RECEIVING NUMEROUS REPORTS RE ABOVE AND
|BOSILYN AIR FIELD SAID AIRCRAFT ARE INVESTIGATING MATTER.
ADVISED ABOVE INFO BROADCAST ON NEWS PROGRAM LOCAL RADIO STATION WINS.
OSI, ONE, G-TWO, CAA IN AREA ADVISED.
IND AND ACK PIS:
NY R 2 WA LO
cekranigan
RECORDED, 19
62-83894-378
INDEXED - 29
• Li Ma NOV 8 1957
stay no
18 ZUNOV 20191

===== PAGE 102 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 577, "method": "ocr", "page": 102, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office MI mondum • UNITE OrADES GOVERNMENI
• DIRECTOR, PBI (62-83894)
DATE: 4/24/57
• PROM
BA, RICHMOND 862-0)
SUBJECT: CIVILIAN RESEARCH
Di
INTERDIANETARY-FLYING DEJECTS
Tire
cincinnati 21,
Ohio
MISCALLANEUJS - INFORMATION CONCERNING
Relet from Norfoll: to Bureau dated 4/18/57.
Por Information of Bureau, only record In
Richmond Indices on e
that contained in Richmond letter to Bureau dated 3/28/57
entitled WILHELM REICH, MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION
CONCERNING".
RUC
TEB/mCW
(4)
2-Director
1-Cincinnati (100-11671) (Info.)
1-Richmond
TECORUED-IS
6084211-317
@ APR 251957 I

===== PAGE 103 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 2079, "method": "ocr", "page": 103, "variant": "plain-vision"}
00
BAC, Cincinnall (100-11071)
Артll 83, 1857
Director, 8BI (82-83894) •
RECORDED -83
42-83711-316
CIVILIAN RESEARCE
is . 131
INTERPLANETARY FLYING OBJECTS
CINCINNATI 27, OLO
MISCELLANEOUS • INFORMATION DONCERNING
-Beuriet April 12, 1857, caplioned as abore.
Bullles rellect that !
i Di. Wilbelm Reich,
M1.D., Director of the Wilhelm Reich Institute, ake., The Orgone Institute Resears
Laboratories, Inc., at Rangeley, Maine. Dr. Wilbelm Relch, following extensive
investigation by the Food and Drug Administration, United States Department of
Health, Education and Welfare, In May, 1056, was found guilty of conterpt of cour
folloting the LaBuRnce of an injunction harring interstate shipment of dorices,
Ilterature and promotional material regarding treatments by Reich of cancer and
otber serious diseases, Bald devices having been described as portbiess by the
Food and Drug Administratlon. Following unsuccessful appeal ellorts, Reich was
Imprisoned on March 12, 1051. Since early 1857, as well as previous thereto.
Wilbelm Beich,
ma and otber membera of Reich'a staff have
directed voluminous correspondence to the Bureau, to Tarlors Burezu di risions, di
oiber United States Gorernment agencies and officisis. None of the matertal revier
at the Bureau bas Indicated any violations vithin the Investigative jurisdiction of thi
Bureau.
→is It la noted that Dr.
) vas recently
Intervieved by Special Agents of the Richmond Office assigned to the Alexandria,
Virginia, Resident Agency at which time she furolshed information In essence
comparable with that set forth to her letter tol."*..
• She also indicated at
that tone that she had addressed similar information to the oflice of United States
Genator Margaret Chase Smith and had contacted Assistant United States Attorney
General William Torapkins..
At that time
a naturalized citizea of the
Masted slates, also made en
In derogatory comments relating to justice
richmona, roth foc ob
re (SEND BY REGISTERED MAIL)
Norfolk (SEND BY REGISTERED; ACAIL)".°
Cra FIP
(6)
F250
-60 APR 20 1357
COtii = FBI
APR 23 1957
MAILED 31

===== PAGE 104 =====
{"alpha_words": 115, "chars": 790, "method": "ocr", "page": 104, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BAC, Cinelonall
and government adminlatrallon In tho United States, representing possible
adriasions againet Interest. Ihis infornialion vas furnished by the Bureau do
Assistant Allornes Gencral Tompkins and the Director of the Inmalgration and
Naturalliallon Serrico.
Is rier al the abore information and in the absence of any
" Indication that matters relaled by l
in ber letter tol
Lare with
the Bureau's Jurlsletlon, Richmond should disregard the lead act out la the las!
paragraph of relerenced Clacinnall letter.
There is enclosed herewith for the Richmond Difice an Autostat
of Era Heich's letter to leonard Stringlials, Clacinnati, Oblo, dated March 18,
1857. In riew off
paregraph of her letter lol
this information arallable lo approprlate local oillclals in Alexandria, Virglala

===== PAGE 105 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1761, "method": "ocr", "page": 105, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandm • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Direator, FBI (62-83894)
DATE: 4/12/57
SAC, Cinoinnat1 (100-11671)
CIVILIAN RESEARCH,
INTERPLANETARY FLYING OBJECTS
Cincinnati 27, Ohio
FLYING
SAUCERS
MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING
on March 25, 1931,
appearod at
the Cincinnati Office for the purpose of calling attention to a
lotter datod March 19, 1957, which he had received Iron
For the information of the Bureau and the Norfolk Office
i0 presently the Advertising Manager Ior
to
Cincinnati, Ohio. According
he has been interested in Ilying discs or objects
for
a number of jears and has cooperated with the United States
Air Force to the extent of furnishing the Air Force with any
Information on flying objeats coming to his attontion. Mr.
was also the publisher of a paper called the
Which
carried the following heading:
was a monthly publication which carried information and intelligerce
research by
on flying objecta. According to
the
had a limiteà circulation.
In connection with Dr.
letter,
stated that prior to the receipt
of the letter he rocoived a long
aistance telephone call from Dr.
Lon March 12, 1957.
call was received by him in the
This
early morning prior to his departur
for work. He rolated that Dr.
was a subscriber to the
and that during the phone conversationshe nade reference to some
of his poports which be had published in the
and for tho
nost part spoke on matters that were "over his head"
and things
that ho did not understand. According tol
she concluded
the conversation by stating she would write him a letter,
-Tatto vas the Fosso sor la call an the Ml2: 8369244-376
-Buree (62-83894)(RM) XEno10s2r08 - 2)
• Norfol} (RM) (Enclosure - 1)
6: APR •
* 7951
Cincinnati (100-11671)
(1-65-1994)
ENC
RECORDED - 83
*INDEXED - 83

===== PAGE 106 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1197, "method": "ocr", "page": 106, "variant": "plain-vision"}
O o
-
C1. 100-11671
it
furnished the lotter to this office"-
but desired the name be returned to him and it sbould be noted tha
tostifying before sone Congression
committoo in connection with flying gaucers end his publicationa
She further spoaks of events designated "OROP Desort Ee" which
anows nothing about.
In the firat paragraph of page 2 In speaking of the
above event, she makes resorenco that thoro is aridenco for
ospionage against thie work ana rator adds that tho FBI do IRr
bas doclined to invostigato as the subjoct 1a "not vithin thoir
furiodiction".
Knowledgo of. Dr.'
For the Information of the Bureau and Norfolk, pergons
mentioned by Dr.
" 1a her dottor have been chocked through tho
•Cincinnati indicos with nogativo rosults.
There aro attached hereto two autostatle copies of
Dr.
letter to Mr.i
• dated March 19, 1957. Ior
the Bureau,
, and ono copy for the Noriolk Office. Ibe Norfolk Office
is roquested to check their indices on Di, Cuand furnish the
Bureau with
any Identitlable date concerning her and poraons men-
tioned In her letter of March 19, 1957. This orties is Faturning
the original to Mr. C
and is not maintaining a copy of
the same in this office.
200
•.. i.

===== PAGE 107 =====
{"alpha_words": 488, "chars": 3067, "method": "ocr", "page": 107, "variant": "plain-vision"}
taran 28, 2057
DORT I
inse dottor de to courtro dad alaborato tho acateut: of our tolaphas
ДОД
reatios on Marab 22, 1059.
At that time I called you on my ans Lastlative
• It mas my als to find out shothor goa
could do illing to tortisy about the troto bars to you aossoraine to "»o'
eschtlog raporte sado by the elvillas pulla la tho UsT and oleontoro, ased
as Iditor of
anyou dare dollooted and Illad orar goreral gears.
- Dino pastod to koor hother radar eath you sould povert met you tao
is your oftlolel aspeosty as foraor USlI Intelligazoe offsoor (Talo inforzatie
about you tas Bleened fras Borard d. Ruppelt's book "Ino UPO Btory"). I finell,
dared my call os the title of your publiontios "The orsicial pubisontion as
ision ho dabblo do the unbrors.
I Inioraad you thet ataliansbore al Espedition Drop Dorert da, dirizoce
1854-1855 bed lodged a chargo of tradeos, traud, per tury and aorspiraoy agalaot
cartels goreruneat official, through the offion of senator Margerot Conso delta
on Haron 1, 1051. Just thoro nes bad obntruoted rital dirslias rosenrob
on the sparo probles, end hero son apperently avoonaded la thoir Frazobarova
attack through defreuding the IS court as to the nature of the work Berti
during Espaditioo
Drop Desort las the elaoorares of Lllo tearsy, Dro
bolog consequently Imprisoned on Karch 12, 2859.
Too stels doabos
of expedition
Drop Dosort te wish to atrous thet do raking their aharges they
aro aoting atriotiy en their eri, on the beels of the respaotito foota tuara
da savantigstios by tho tolted stator Gorgross bas thorasara Doo
roquanted by un, actoorains the underiyis, fasts in this smique scandal.
bat bas to do oposed up is the cattro flold of ItO phososars, tho tradua
Booraoy by dirforoo
beadquartaro , and the cupprassion el publio nons goroorals
the cuo goot.
Iridenso polate to the extrteros of a ridesprand bonspirasy of
tbore who rest to salatela the atatur que of the proseat world slor, tao
atolo-anchanistlo eapty apaoo hypotharis, the IREs in the basker ouad tho
mant to X111 al1 sur koonlodgo by ersalsal maens. Our aridesos abors that tbey
ase la acatrol of giparently all brasabas as the goverzaast. I 800l paracell.
sure shother there exiita at this polnt asy bous fide bocurt acastitutioca,:
- gorarasanto
Astor the oronto ol Heron 11,1059 the ocratitution le doad, cess a
open—
retroaR ordes see Tallado
I an besias this stetonest on the Paot that do op
barpy mrs exportad.
Couri More you Mili And Pole Tood Appends to Slan Sor Apollo
Cano lo, 8160, Cuprone aourt Number 688, Booret and Suppressed Iridenas, Orap
• Donort ba, 1884-2865.
Duo 81tlo 0f the Roport de "Costeot oith bpean", Orenus,
Bonasd soport, 2051 - 1958, My Tilhol Relas. Di. Nolah tar found gullty of
Dontrapt of fourt for dinodeging as TILATTU and Traufuleatly obtalsad arcas
Casant his mort (1054) and for atetsay at trial thet do hed to gustlare alt
It for saarons of rationes soourity.
- No, the steil noabera of thie expedition era faotual ritzessor to:
a! the port auah as a Oranur exporteont, Orur (Desatured Hualoer antefial a .

===== PAGE 108 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 1786, "method": "ocr", "page": 108, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(
Conferescos Vito AiIC, motifiontlos of gororasent esplosalo do ropgana1blo porst
Coasoronoas vita CIA, 8 DOR aloudo and alianto, DOR socoral (Eros soaRllod,
dod pany furthor doteiled anpecta of CROP Dosort le work suas as tba'
sodas found asporizontally o atoo, oto.... !hora te so anortago of teote o
absorvations, and aridosas. But the Iruth has ao par sot got dars board, vilel
Purthorzoro thoro de aridosoo for arploraço agalast this Fort o sapper
radio, apecod mais oto.
"isoo to dato U/O'a ara astiolally bacorrloteat"
Iao IBI bas oorar deolined to sarartigato do the ausjoct de Taot rithin thois
sursodiation"
I es personally vitrora to the faet of tho axiotoso af
the Orgoso DorEy Motor, aud lottora, coounento, eto., casoribias the
yaterious dinapporranoo os ano -lllien vanbington uho caso into possesasos
os suas tomlodgo escoaralos "orcosoantry, mathonetloel, and the Motor prisospl
and rho bes diaapparrad alado 1849, I eu aura any larartigating agonoy aorle
doosto bis morouboute io a sbort tina. It se oloer that the pororsul
Oll laterante is thla country era out to koop thair prodorisenao la the sield
of porar and Lacaso, and ara Intolred la Kaoping the Orgono Jaerty Motor
problea suppresood.
Thaso polato aré pentloaed to fira you a bist hor sooorsary a boas sido,
'douragoous, sortbright investigation bes bocono.
I an appending a bibl logrepty
por your aosrenienos osora you naj fiad acas of thio prestad aridondo for our
abargar.
If no intortigation da fortboomias rithia a ronsonnbly short tiro to arr
gorood to meo foroas- to uno the aolontifio pomar of the diaar gy whion tro dan
Jarrat to trizior (atoras, flooda otoo)
BiDoaroly JouTE
73 81000 9t 0111 tako no 0
• сеу от
tão to propera rafarenao dias, It till follan
and do not coloro, al
atatod da fottor.

===== PAGE 109 =====
{"alpha_words": 89, "chars": 750, "method": "ocr", "page": 109, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IYANDARD
Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Director, IBI (62-83894)
BAC, Mortalk
CIVILIAN RESKARCE SAUGeRS
INTERPLANETARY FLYLIO OBJECIS
Cincinpati 2l, Obie:
MISCEIANEOUS - INFORNATION CONCERNINIG
DATB:
4/18/57
Re Clncinnat1 Letter to Buresu 4/12/57, copies for Horfolk, requestin
Norfolk check indices regarding
Alexandria, Va.
Insanuch as Alexandria, Ta., Ls corered by the Richmond office,
both copies of relet designated for Horfolk, as vell as enciosure,
are being forwarded to Richmond for appropriate handling. Horfolk
Indices negative re Dr.
el
• Bureau
- Cincinnati (100-11671) (Into.)
& - Richmond (8 Kacl.) (REGISTERED MAIL)
1 - Norfolk
JEM: SNB
(6) 0
RECORDED-38
628389414375
VENTIATO
'ND PD-98
EX. • 117
bht.
• 67 APR 30 1957

===== PAGE 110 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2015, "method": "ocr", "page": 110, "variant": "plain-vision"}
V
Office Memorandum. UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Mr. Tolson
DATI:
March 15, 1957
Tolson
Nichola
FROM
I. B. 302
mach 12,1957
1. 61
noblobs.
Ратвось
SUBJECT:
Rosen
GREAT MEADOWS,
NEW JERSEY
Tamo
Trotter
InEL
Tolo, Room
Holloman -
For record purposes
(Great Meadows,
Gandy -..
New Jersey, telephone
telephoned from his home at 12:52 p.m.,
March 14, 1957, while I was tled up on another matter, and talked with Wick.
I age 56, is one of the original founders of !
employed by Louis de Rochemont on our movie, "House on 92nd, Street, " And
he formerly was editor of
• He marriedi
whom
he says is known to the Director. He bas one arm.
MYS
said, to make a long story short, that be has run into
a situation which has to do with an unidentitiea ilying object observed two days
ago in the Great Meadows vicinity.
said be had made a formal report
in writing to military authorities, as well as to two civilian groups interested
in the affair. General Wedemeyer is connected with one of the latter groups.
said he is not satisfied that the "intelligence" he supplied to the military
is being handled properly, nor does he know to whom he should submit infor-
mation and in what fashion. He said frankly he wanted an Agent to call upon
him so that the Agent could evaluate his information, although he sald he well
* nor jurisdiction.
(The attached news ticker from United Press reflects that in
¡testimony before a House Appropriations Subcommittee, 2-19-57, Die Hugh
Dryden, Director of the Nationa Advisory, committee for Aeronautics, had
flatly stated there Is no such thing as a flying saucer. It was said too that the
Alr Force or some other authority should nail down the unidentified "lying D.°.
objects" and "say it is pure fiction. ")
ACTION TAKEN:
VENCLOSI
- Jurisdictione
Walle normally we would simply tell a caller that we have no
and that he should refer such matter to the proper milltary
-EC: Mr. Boardman " RECORDED • 38
62-83-894-374
cc: Mr. Belmont
INDEXED - 36
17 MAR 26 1957
REW:afL
SAM
50 APRI 1957
EX 105

===== PAGE 111 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 354, "method": "ocr", "page": 111, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nicbols to Tolson memo
March 15, 2857
borities, In this Instance, because of l
• demonstrated frl endilness
ko the Bureau and the Director, his sane and reasonable approach to matter.
home to see what he has in mind
ASAC Commons of the Newark Olfice told Wick be would have
band would send a letter to tbe Bureau coverin
an Agent drop by to ser
Results.

===== PAGE 112 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 1200, "method": "ocr", "page": 112, "variant": "plain-vision"}
° 0
..
Mr. Ротволь -
Mr. Roses _
Mr. Trotter.
str. Hoose -
str. Malloraan.
Miss Goody -
UP7 3
(FLYING SAUCERS)
I THE DIRECTOR OF THE GOVERNMENT'S TOP AIR RESEARCH AGENCY HAS TOLD
*a..
«CONGRESS FLATLY THAT THERE IS NO SUCH IMING AS A
FLYING SAUCER.
THE ASSURANCE CAME FROM DR.
ADVISORY COMMITTEE FOR AERONAUTICS, A DRYDENED BROR HEARING "EY
A HOUS
APPROPRIATIONS SUBCOMMITTEE.
THE TESTIMONY
VAS MADE PUBLIC TODAY.
DRYDEN AND OTHER NĂCA OFFICIALS
TAKEN ON FEB, AY' INCLUDING GEN, JAMES A.
DOOLITTLE,
THE AGENCY CHAIRMAN VERE QUESTIONED ABOUT A REPORT PUBLISHED IN
GERMANY THAT_THE NAZIS DEVELOPED SHORTLY BEFORE THE END
OF WORLD VAR
11 A 138-F00T SAUCER THAT ROSE TO 40,000 FEET AND FLEW AT A SPEED OF
1,250 MILES AN HOUR.
"THERE IS NO TRUTH IN THAT STATEMENT, " DRYDEN SAID. "THIS IS AN
ADVERTISEMENT FOR A BOOK...
REP. ALBERT THOMAS (D-TEX. )
MORE CONCLUSIVE STATEMENT
ASKEDİ
SUBCOMMITTEE CHAIRMAN, PRESSING FOR A
*THAT IS RIGKT
• SAID DRYDEN,
DRYDEN ALSO DENIED A RELATED CLAIM THAT THÉ MAZIS HAD PERFECTED A
BOMBER THAT COULD HIT THE U.S. AND RETURN VITHOUT REFUELING•
«YOU HAVE TO DISTINGUISH HARDWARE FROM IDEAS, ° DRYDEN IXPLAINED.
3/24--IGS140A
tes!
+2-838711-374
NASHINGTON CITY NETS SERVICE

===== PAGE 113 =====
{"alpha_words": 141, "chars": 906, "method": "ocr", "page": 113, "variant": "plain-vision"}
des. Tolson -
pr. Nichols =
Mr. Belsony.
Tena
Tratter
Tole. Roos -
At. Holloman .
Mise Goody -
ADD 1 FLYING SAUCERS
DOOLITTLE ALSO DISCOUNTED THE PUBLISHED ACCOUNT OF THE SAUCER AND
VARNING HOWEVER THAT BACKERS OF THE BOOK
INTERCONTINENTAL BORE GENIALS ZAS ANOTHER LEG UP° TO PUBLICIZE IT•
PROBABLY VOULD USE THE
IN REFERENCE TO FREQUENTLY PUBLISHED SIGHTINGS• OF VHAT OFFICIĂLLY
ARE CALLED
•UNIDENTIFIED FLYIN, OBJECTS THOMAS SAID THE AIR FORCE
• SOME OTHER
IT IS PURE FICTION:"
AUTHORITY, "OUGKI TO, ONCE AND FOR ALL, MAİL IT DOWN AñS ŠÄY
HE SAID THE AIR FORCE HAD •HEMMED AND HAWED° ON THE ISSUE,
A REFERENCE
TO
THE 1955 AIR FORCE REPORT THAT
APPARENTL
IT HAD INVESTIGATED 5,000
REPORTED SIGHTINGS AND FOUND "NO EVIDENCE OF THE EXISTENCE OF
SAUCERS.
THIS WASN'T QUITE
THE SAME THING AS SAYING THE SAUCERS DID NOT
XIST, AS DRYDEN NOW HAS ASSERTED.
3/14-•EG1145A
+2-83991-374
FASHINGTON CITY NEWS SERVICE

===== PAGE 114 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 1296, "method": "ocr", "page": 114, "variant": "plain-vision"}
¡ECORDED - 54
'"DEXED -54
February 20, 1957
62-83894-373
173
Mr. Hagan Parrish
Sheriff of Polk County
Post Office Box 631
Bartow, Florida
My dear Sheriff:
-
Flagine.
!
Your letter dated February 8, 1957, bas
been received, and I want to thank you for bringing the
enclosed material to our attention.
Since the contents of your communication
are of primary concern to another governmental agency,
I am taking the lIberty of forwarding a copy of your letter
and a copy of its enclosure to the Director of Special
Investigations, The Inspector General, Department of the
Air Force, Building Tempo E, Fourth and Adams Drive,
Southwest, Washington, D. C.
Sincerely yours,
TCOMM - FBI
ToLE
кол
00
Ic. Roos
idy
John Edgar Hoover -
Directo
cc - Seattle, with copy oi incoming and copy of its enclosure
Re Richmond letter 1-11-57 captłoned › Aerial Phenomena
Research Group, Miscellaneous Information Concerning."
NOTE: Bufiles reflect that a citizen 1f Richmond, Virginia, received
a similar letter earlier this year from the Aerial Phenomena Research
Group of the same type forwarded by correspondent. OSI at Langley
Field, Virginia, made a copy oí, it available to the Bureau. (62-83894-372)
No other pertinent references located.
copies ot incoring and it
enclosure sent to OSI by form.
Id any in
(1)

===== PAGE 115 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 465, "method": "ocr", "page": 115, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HAGAN PARRISH
SHERIFF
LOUNTY-POLK
IS LATE
2D F
A DA
HELORIDA
MOGER CRA
TREMINAL DIVISION
PHONES.
1 OFFICE 2-7011 1 BAIL 8-7171
February 2, 1957.
Federal Fureau of Irvestigation
Washington, D. C.
centren 227 est
I am enclosing herevith e tulletit received
at this office on February 5, 1951, Tor your evaluation?'
AssuricE you of sur complete cooperation a!
E11 times, 7 am
sincarely,
tagan barral
HAGAN FARISH, STERIE
IF:es
Enc.
HECORDED 354
894 - 313
D FEB 259357

===== PAGE 116 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 900, "method": "ocr", "page": 116, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aerial Phenomena Research Group
•Seattle, Washington
Headquarters:
$5108 Findlay Street
Bob Gribble
Executive Director
Dear Sirs
Several reports of unidentified flying objects seen over cities
In your section of the country since
have recently arrived at our office.
le rould appreciate names and
addresses of witnesses reporting unidentified flying objects or other
aerial phenomenon to your office during this period. A11 names and
addresses will be held strictly confidential, to be used only when
contacting the witness for Information regarding their experience.
Ve are a national organization whose objectives are to invest-
igate and determine the nature of unidentified flying objects and
related phenomena.
Any information you can give us pertaining to this
matter will be greatly appreciated.
*Thanking you in advance, I am
Sincerely yours
Director of Investigations
aulestation.. e
2-15:1

===== PAGE 117 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1682, "method": "ocr", "page": 117, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.
United §tates Department of Justice
Richmond, Virginia
January
11, 1957
District Coumander
21st District
Office of Special Investigations
Langley All For-_ Base, Virginia
RE: AERIAL PHENOMENON RESEARCH GROUP
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION CONCERNING
Dear Sir:
MrB.
Richmond, bec
Virginia, advised this orate on January 2, 1951, Shat she
had received a letter from captioned organization requesting
she furnish any information she might have relative to her
alleged observation of a "flyine saucer" a year or so ago
- near Richmond, Virginia. Mrs.
informed she 1s employed b7c
by the Richmond Quartermaster Depot of the United States
Army and It was while on her way to work one morning that
she had sighted the object in question. She stated that
several other women employees of the Depot were present
and subsequently one of these women had told a newspaper
reporter about the incident and all, their names had appeared
In the papers.
MrB e
advised that she was reluctant to answer brc
the Letter as
She leit it could ke an illegal or subversive
group who was trying to obtain information they should not
nave.
She pointed out that she knew nothing about the
organization but the correspondence did not rellect the
group was connected with the United States Government in any
way.
She Informed that the letter indicated the group
mayas a national organization whose duty
It was to investigate
any and all unusual aerial phenomenon.
It also reilected
that one Bob Gribble was the Executive Director and Jim
Ewart was the Director of Investigations.
The address for
this organization was shown to be 5100 Finlay Street, Seattle,
Hashington.
69-83894-372
'IES DESTROYED
70 NOV 19 1964

===== PAGE 118 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 357, "method": "ocr", "page": 118, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Office Memorandum • UNITED
TO
: DIRECTOR, FBI
SAC, RICHMOND (62-779)
SUBICI:
GMISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION CONCERNING
District Commander ol Ust at cang-ey fiera, va•,
- Bang forded to the bureau tor
= Bureau (incis.2,
- Seattle (Encl.1
- Richmond
RET: Iec
(4)
; GOVERNMENT
DATE: 7/11/57
3"1
«LE UNDED - 3º
442-83894-372
JAN -141957
INDEXED - 39
EX. 117.
b7e

===== PAGE 119 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 267, "method": "ocr", "page": 119, "variant": "plain-vision"}
cro
stampid, Coun
October 5,195%
Mr. f. Ladyan Hoover
Director of 7. B. I.
sackingto, B.c.
Dear Mr. Hooser.
sent to led is a Sit I Leti
. I thin
it is the most fascinating Research
ever made.
not have
An your hay it, 270
thought I would sind you a copy
mally te came

===== PAGE 120 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 523, "method": "ocr", "page": 120, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the datin IStanice Au Lifter have
taken about them.
the fine the clay me t
ansies intelligently id sincerely the
pable. inquiries. They have gone t
" The Book" - the Sacred Bible where
Man can alway find the anewers.
to all his neede, Lackte, fears —
in quite fund many he le the
that you jishably auppose you
cept the invitations to
it you remed to
president. You waired have beena?
Food one if you could he let
alane) bat sordid party politica
isoned have engulfel you
toi the Le
you stand to high i ad tund
15-Taseas=es

===== PAGE 121 =====
{"alpha_words": 67, "chars": 407, "method": "ocr", "page": 121, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I can a cite do be co do
involved.
we chanter flaget like you
And there
still standing on the same firm
graund 7f
our forefathers.
are perches naw a few more chip
If the pillars f
Learning, high morals, decent..
behavian and honed standarde.
Where can it all end? The day
are becoming wearisome a fearful;
surely the reperciscions are thakin
the bites wills of ever Dud Father!
House.
With deepest respect,

===== PAGE 122 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1683, "method": "ocr", "page": 122, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TRU
Copy
Siamiord, Conn.
October 5, 1856
Mr. J. Edgar Hoover
Director of F. B. L
Washington, D.C.
Dear Mr. Hoover:
Enclosed 1s a copy of a Lecture sent to me from
Detrolt. I think It is the most fascinating Research ever made.
In your busy life you may not have encountered it,
so I thought I would send you a copy.
about uni dentitied yoing o be Goyerament come out with the truth
Everybody seems to accept the "Saucers" as a matter
of course, and people are becoming annoyed at the "bstrich stance"
our Leaders have taken about them.
A number of clergymen feel that the time has come for
someone to answer intelligently and sincerely the public's inquiries.
They have gone to "The Book"--the Sacred Bible where man can always
find the answers to all his needs, doubts, fears--and inguiries!
I have heard many people bay that you probably have al
the answers--but I suppose you have been throttled too!
I'm so glad you refused to accept the invitation to run
for President. You would have been a good one-- (if yor could be let
alone)--but sordid Party politics would have engulled you too much.
To the Legions of your admirers you stand too fligh--
are too clean and bonest to become ao involved.
Thanks to Almighty God there are character Influences
like you still standing on the name firm ground of our Forefathers
try bee
Bach day now a few more chips are knocked off the pillara
of Learning, High morals, decent behavior and honest standards. Where
"can it all end? The days are becoming wearisome and fearful; surely the
repercussions are shaking the outer walls of even Our Father's House.
I wonder what the God of: Our Fathers is going to do about
#?
With deepest respect,

===== PAGE 123 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 798, "method": "ocr", "page": 123, "variant": "plain-vision"}
October 12, 1056
RECORICO ST
N' 88
stamiora,
connecticut
Dear
• Your lotter of October 5, 1856, with enclosure, has
been received.
I want to thank you for the interest which prompted
your writing and for your very kind words concerning my adminiatra-
tion of this Bureau.
€
The information contained in your letter and the
enclosure does not fall within the investigative furiadiction of the
IBI, and I ain taking the Iberty of forwarding a copy of your letter,
as tell as & copy of the enclosure, to the Director, Office of Special
Investigations, The Inspector General, Department of the Alr Force,
The Pentagon, Washington 25, D. C.
Sincerely youre,
782473220°9
John Edgar Hoover
Director
Copy of incoming and enclosure sent by form to The Inapeftor General,
Department of the air Force.
(3)
a.

===== PAGE 124 =====
{"alpha_words": 129, "chars": 822, "method": "ocr", "page": 124, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
7 pies Commander January 22,1957 oF

“The above date is being furnished for your ee
Adnformation, it being noted that the files of this office

contain no reference to this organization.
a Very truly yours, .

: " ° W. Gc. GRAPP sees ;
mo Special Agent in Charge ates TF ke

aget-

==), = a 5
2. oo. oo at hinted or PCRS premise ER aaa = FSS rie Ba verowne Toei

ot ws
7" * dene ge fener ra ih pape ee ee ee freteken yr,
ip ¥
id
'
i

if
' oe
:

TT. == _ Py — a a ae

™ , — /-t- _ -
- . . er) i * as ee ae a - =. or le tee oe = ee: "i = -
-. — . — 4

i oe ied

bad - -

qe

‘

-
as — a
--- *. _
_~« - el tl -_ -_ « eo = %.e- -~ Oe ee a ool * __ = - oo mee og age ee
“= * cs - i °
- * f
_ _— —
_ ee = —
=: + 2 TET eee
oe eee ee ee Sar Ta To ae = —_ 7 o_— “ST a ~ _
a ST — Senn a aS 7 TT _- _ 7
oe 2 a SS SS oe cane net nS =

===== PAGE 125 =====
{"alpha_words": 105, "chars": 784, "method": "ocr", "page": 125, "variant": "plain-vision"}
--
110371921
Sanóers
- Liaisis
Airitil
•E
Referance 8s rade to my letter af
• by
» concerning an
untienilf len slying oddest ansch he obserced
In 2964 shile in Gerzany.
attached lo a copy of a menorantur
mirch retleits the detalls of the Interolew
_ a copy of tre cerorantu
into also beer, furrlaned to each of the agencies
gecefulng a copy of thle letter, Ilated below,
as e natter of interest to those agencies.
2F LaBin FiooTer.
=
dir force
1a Director
Central Intelligence Agency
i allenstons Deputy Direodor, Plana a 2l4,
8 = dessetant waltene frey
Departeent of
attentions f
KJa beGurIty Drulaton
MAIL MOON L
1°
rèCORDFD-18
61-831 94-509
d'T.
do Patrick Coyne
Hatlozal Security council
tan.if1ue 251100 Bullding
Barisaytor =5, Do c.
tear puts
BY COURIS& SERVICE
1006800785,8952

===== PAGE 126 =====
{"alpha_words": 439, "chars": 2605, "method": "ocr", "page": 126, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• HE FI B"
==
(A COrTerstion of Plying Saucers
: and
Visitoro irom other Plarete In The Bible)
Reverend
"Flying saucere" have made the headlines off and on for many monthe no
Much has been written about them.
Research has shown that
"Ilying che
rurious heathen faiths many thoubards of .
yezro older tlur our ori.
"Flying Chariots" have been seen and repor1
and not tellered for winy ages.
Itst ie nothing new. But what is ner
It that recently they hare been photographed.
established the factuality of the "flying seucer", It is now a.
die in a nocereity!
If "flying saucern" Inhabit outer-epace,
ties have some kind of celestial character, they should have
in the total economy of God.
Ihey should have
more place in our thinl
ins ard plannine, and one fouli exuect theo to be
montinned in our omI
ton king clouds role,
le are therufore not surprined, upon investigation,
chariots, wheels and people,
To realize thiB, is to make a great many m/sterious
things in the Bible feem both matter-of-l'act and encouraging!
the ancients, it is true, had no adequate mords to describe the thing
they Bar
in their day which came fron outer gpace.
If a thing flew,
"is calleù a "Ilying" cloud, bird, chariot or anged.
de. today, shou
have progressed far enough acientifically to celi objecta from outer-
epace by nawen «hich are moro arpropriate.
But the unhanpy term "fly
BliCEJ" 1s a term more reminincent of a tea-party tiran of
of BCienCe.
It BeeDs our omn nomenclature, or 18 it our inapiration,
very inadequate also.
Hoverer, the posulbility and probability of se
Izing unheard of sources of porer and speeds, and the conquering of
space is to us but a matter of time.
To understand our own holy book »e must replace outworn mythological
Ir.c
The angels c: gerterday are the
space dan of tod
It can be notl
angel rue an inhabitant of frace.
there are air inhabitarte of
May came tron poet 08ld then
we today pould.
ben",
¿he "flying"
clouds, horses,
oBes, or chariote or boripture ve cali
"ElVinE Baucers" or "Brace
ships".
With a clarifioation of but these
• three toros, meny things non fall into place quite naturally.
Anrels or "apace-men" have beer
They' ye rilled on
earth. We T
way
the Oid Icaturent,
"Ivo angels (or space-mcn) erme to Sod
in the eveninco
Then Lot bar then he fose to meet then, and bowed hit
belf vitt his face to the ground".
He spoke to ther anù offered them
bonpitality.
Thcy did hit a IsTDI too.
They savea his life! for the
two space-men audrecuently led an attack on Godom ans Gotorzah ana de
stroyná it vitt. "brinstone and fire out of herven (space)" (Gen, 19).
Do-95894:571

===== PAGE 127 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2737, "method": "ocr", "page": 127, "variant": "plain-vision"}
watt. Daniel (Der,
9321) calle
the angel
Gabriel, a man.
He deacribea
thi
Brace-tin as comine to him in
ewift flight
at
the time of
the eveni
Bacrifice"
and he also describes the intervier which folloned.
Jutt
ous incidents are mentioned in scripture of space-nen landing on
oye that hundred ouch medent can be toted!
unually bringing to them an Important tes
They brought bel
vell as destruction, these en from outer-space oI heaven,
I boliere that me should take these observations more matter-0f-fact
He are not dealing rith mythology here.
A literal understanding of
fort with scripture, and not rice-tersa as our clerica and otbers
telling us for so long.
We have practically and mistakenly
tualized religion out of exiutence, and thus caused the great divor
betreen science and religion.
Irue science ie true religion.
These
bowe
One of these
mighty
*came dorn out of
heaven (space) wrapped in a cloud".
Let uB call symbolical languag
and
oriental inagery by their right names.
means to be surrounded by an object.
To be "wrapped in a clou
In other mords,
this Boace-mai
was piloting a space-ship.
How else could the observers of that daj
have described this phenomenon?
real clouds ne see from the quotation,
That "flying" cloude don't refer
cloud?" (I, 60)
"who are those that fly like
The following literal description of a supposed
saying-cloud ougito decide the ratter.
che north, and f
"1 storny mind came out of
great cloud, with brightness round about it, and Is
(lanhing forth continually, and in the midet of the fire, as it were
Breaming bronze.
And
IrOD
the midat
of it came the iikeness of four
Living creatures (spacemen)" (Izx. 1).
The space-man mentioned above had a "rainbon over his head", naneL
vari-colored lights shone from a canopy over his head which shall b
Light "like the Bun" came fron thie space-chiP an
"Lying" clouds, they
5=1), In other words
"Bauc
Or "cigar" ahaped, An approxinate eize estinated by an observer of
chat century who had no knorledge of perspectire or distance,
eluded in thie description.
They are also described as a
Pere let by the pace-s neut
"Torerring no doubt to the long trail of"
vould vell adopt as the nost acientifie 1o,
reporter Izekiel calls then (Ezx. 1).
This reporter not fiver the
détalled description of the so-called "flying saucer" lo existence
day " mary detalls of which bare been periíled Dy sodern obBerTers I
aome ever caught by canera.
"How as I looked at the living ereatures (space-Den) I sar a wheez
apace-ship had evidently landod)e one ToI each on.
th
The appearance of the whee
reek° me construction Deng to vere eat ente
wh
the living creatures (apace-men) Ione frOn the earth, "he mheelo
IO
for the spirit of the living creatures vas in the shoels"

===== PAGE 128 =====
{"alpha_words": 519, "chars": 3207, "method": "ocr", "page": 128, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The last sentence is extremely interenting.
The reportar olaimo th
when the space-men sose the wheels rose rith then.
That is exactly
what a person of an unmechanical age mould say. Hen can move, but
n object
Bo they described the men as carrying the shipe vith th
e, oi cottee mould bay the opposite, namely that the wheels or eD
tho sarried the space-sen
"hitling wheels" are described es "full of eyes", in other wor
full of Jound openings,
port-holes,
oI power outleto.
"all' around a
within".
This description again tallles mith observationa and phot
graphe made recently.
The space-ships are described as "darting to and fro, I1ke the flas
of lightning" (Ezk. 1).
"When they ment they ment in any of theit
four directions #1 thout turning as they ment.
In' whatever directio
the front wheel (or ship) faced, the othere followed mithout turnin
as they rent".
"without turning",
Besides describing their unbelievable maneuterab111
this aldo neens
to clain that they Iler in forma
tion, following a leader (also Bee Izk, 10:8).
The Tuel or power for these space-ships 1s found in the middle of t
-расе-вір.
It is described ag
"¡ire betreen the shirling "heels"
(Ezk,
"In the midst there was something that looked like bu
ing coals of fire;
And non there follone a detall which le the very acne of veracity.
"Over the head of the I1ving creatures (apace-men) there wao the 11
Dese of a firuament (the protective.
canopy over a pilot'g head) shi
Ing 11ke crystal (transparent glass), spread out above their heads"
(Izk. 1).
Inis "glaes globe" has also been observed on the "flying
baucere"
of today and photographed.
It also seens that flying orde
are given by remote control via radio or mireless.
A Toice 1B BBIC
to come
"fIOm above the firmament (canopy) orer their heads".
It
aleo claiwed by this biblical reporter that part of these space-shi
is collapeible and other parte retractable.
The latter 1e perhaps
the central turret which will be described later.
Theonen has ben reporte no the hoy oke or ener alte m
older than our own.
"It'a like the sound of many watere, Ilke the
chunder of the almighty, a aound of tumult like the bounds of a hor
(Ezăo 1:24 - 3:13).
The word "host" 1s important to keep in mind
cause it refere no doubt to
the great number of these space-ships
ing together.
The insignia which seens to be on the outer surface
the space-whipa are recognizable no e cherub la humOrouB or Bhould
вау
"human" touch), the face of a man, e lion, and an engle (Ezx.
Mese"space-ships are given orders to patrol the earth, "Go aDa pa
the earth" (Zech, 6).
another world rithout dying (Heb.
are UndEIstANdaDIe and acceptabi«185), as perhaps Noser
Jacob thought he had a vision when he san
ladder eet up on the
(Gen, 28).
воше ригрове os other.
Space-ven had a particular interest in Jaco
it Beens, for on a later occasion he prestled vith one ol then,
che
apace-man only playing rith Jacob until 1t mas time for the apace-=
to go, shereupon be partiolly paralyzed Jacob (Gen, 32).
It io int
esting to note that space-men usually appear around aunset,
night,
os at suntine.
during
throuph pone whiri-wind-like action ilijah o
. apunaler into pince TiA a "Ilying chariot" (II Kinga 2811). Mosea

===== PAGE 129 =====
{"alpha_words": 562, "chars": 3296, "method": "ocr", "page": 129, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ai and Illjan came to beet Jesus on the Mount of Iránafiguration
bright cloud".
He mon what these "cloude" mere.
"cloud Yaisap-
peared with thew again.
The poor wan in Luke 16, was cartied by space-
men into another morld, Do space-men carry anay into hearen or space
whego instancoo can do cultorla
nuncredo of times !!
Iren God'e activities now become clearer!
God'a presence in aoripture
la described "like birda hovering" (Isa,
3135).
The BoTering 1a a
hovering of sone flying object.
"Clouda" are called lie chariot, vitt
chew cones the wind, fire and flame (Pa. 104).
'One reada of
oloud" (Isa, 19s1), in other wordo a space-ship.
Hote the pollowing
descriptions
"Then the earth reeled and rockeds the foundations also
of the bountains trenbled and quaked, because He mas angry..
Brooke ment
up Irou Hie noattile, and devouring fire from Hie mouths
BLOTing COaLE
flamed forth from Him.
He boned the heavens and came domn.
Thick dark-
ness was under His feet.
He rode on a cherub and fler.
He cane aniftly
upon the wings of the pind" (Pa.
We have discussod these digno
Ibove.
They describe a space-ship, although the observer here, In not
beeing the pilot, describes the space-ship as though it mere a person.
Perhaps in this case this space-ship night de God's oun private
ship or the so-called "mother" ship,
Why should me deny God the iight
to maxe a machine and use it too, ií le mante to?
iod'8 presence Mith Israel In the desert nas vía a "pillar of cloud" it
the day and by night a "pillar of fire"s
the fire of courae mould not be
Out of this cloud God harasaed the
"Igptlantils charlots iike the storm rind with flames of fire".
In Iss, 66,
gain, "His chariots are Iike the whirlwind" (Jer, 4:13).
Pealms 68:17,
claime that God lived on Mount final foI a mhile mith 20,000 chariots.
Big "clouds" settled on Hount Sinal rith "fire" and "anoke" foI forty
Noses was given the tableta of the lar on this wountain, through
the intervention of space-men, es Paul tells us.
Sinal geena to bare
been God'a headquartere for a certain maneuver at this time.
from the midat of the city and stood upon the mountain". (Ezk, 19:23).
nor becomes clear.
It means that the ships took off from the widdle of
the city, the take-off place, and then landed on a mountain.
Heither should me forget that God de called the loId OI "Sabbaoth in.
che Bible, Moich meana
the Lord of "honta" or "aruler"
This name "the lord Of hosts", is the nost user name
God in the Bible.
He is the God of wat..
Thie title is uned hundreds
of times together with the complementary phrase
"hosts of heaven"
bosta of space.
Jacob once ear the whole assenbled army.
"The angelo (space-men) of God set nim and when Jacob san them te bald,
ronio ii God's army'.
* (den, 32)i neems that dod often came doin out of
These hosts mere at one time ar ob
ject br Morehip by
reaven or opace to earth to fulfill His plana and to carry out certain'
campaigna;
When the space-ships vere stationary and when the central turret ras
raised, they 1o0ked
like thrones,
and are so-called in scripture,
these, but apace-ships!
In Ber, e, те hare a unique description of the
"nother" ehip and trenty-four others on a landing-field which looked
"rea of BlA8s-11ke Orystal", and from them all ceme flashes of
lightning, voices and peale of thunder".

===== PAGE 130 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 2967, "method": "ocr", "page": 130, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i cmbered, "" Josuo, now too, becomed elopres sher these thinge are tod
His pomere of leritation, His ability
• to pare through dooro,
rick on reter, and heal the bick, are the egrential attributes of men
from outer space.
They Mill also be ours supeday when me will be "free
like birds" (tizx, 13:20).
It Jesus' birth the celestial aruy came quite
A space-man arpeared to the chepherds and the "glory"
heard ae they again disappeared into space,
At.:
Jesua' ascension 1s described as la cloud (or space-ship) receited Hin
out of their sight" (Acto 119),
His coming again 1s to be in
the same
*Then will appear ine
Bien oi the son of men in heaver (space,
coming on the clouds (space-alips) of heaven (space) with power an
great glory" (Matt.
24:30 - ReT. 14).
and wiil then take over the destiny of the world.
He mill come with His whole art
Jesus comes then,
conquerine and to conquer; a King of kinfe, and Lord of lords.
"ite he summons the trelve legions of space-men, which He refused to
Burman at the time of His betrayed sire", leading a whole fleet of..
He will appear on a white "horse"
or space-ship, "shooting flames of
suace-thips, from »hose mouthe issue sharp awords", no doubt blasts of
destructive enerey.
He signals all the
"birds that fly in mid-heater"
(e11 the sky-ships in space) to the cosmic conflict, with the words,
"Come gather.", and the morid mill be déstroyed by God's black fleet.
described below.
nas for tae ace 00l 20 at day he be a dato dare an
That day #111 be a day of darkness and
• Bloom and of hydrogen and cobalt clouds.
"Like blackness there 1e
Epread upon the mountains a great and powerful people, their like has
never been from of old nor will be again.
and behind them a flame turns.
Dee land 10 it the Garder of Eden de-
fore then, but after then a desolate vildernesa".
Earth-men who have pleased God in the néantine, #111 "ascend up into
space in a pace-ship in the right of their foes" (Rer,
In this manner a jennant of earth-ben will literally be rescued or
Baved..... For That?
For the "Father's house in nhich are many rooms",
tors put it,
An evere in ta go a Rare For a a:2000
"resting-stations" or
and glorious ригрове.
They are not just dead dust.
They are the planets on which these space
men live, and ne too will someday live.
Thirscleat understanding of things as they are and as they will be, 1a
IOT our comfort.
We should always renerber that God's people are alway
protécted by a
circle of space-ships.
ave are surrounded by ap great a
cloud of mitnesses", me read in Heb.
care out to protect'but one man, mitas (1I Xing 6:17).
The whole heavenly boat once
"Behold the
vas full of horses and
chariots of fire".
And Elijah was save
or rescued right from under the noses of a whole city full of enemies.
God's word to us knowing 011 this 1a:.
"Fear not, for those who are wit
ur are nOTe than those !
"no are with them!"
May our prayes be.
"O. LoId, open our eyes that me any seo."
{II Kinfo f$ 17]
LHE END

===== PAGE 131 =====
{"alpha_words": 123, "chars": 1042, "method": "ocr", "page": 131, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
. a
r r 7, - .
"ao" .
é * + - .
= ‘ ‘ a7 bd *
. # * *
' ‘ * en . .
. ef” eof, "» 7 ‘ ’
-, ’ —. - %&® aes w - *
‘ - as + ee i.
* . ae 4 ft a _ a . your a
° . a "ebe * oe 1
| 2 “ « ' % * ~A at ot oe b eG
-— jr 4: Mo en et ae LUT Rae
Se ree © YS tee ° . . .
. *
‘ t fe ypeet Go
— ‘of ore we
. ‘ erie; -
- ve On shee
.* - “% rere
* a. : *
* ‘ :

:

' : , . . tet aan “ 7T
. ’
1 : : - = aie *, .
. a + ; ' f
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS -
Pe. 2- paragraph 5 = line a0 + should read “ought to decide”. —.
Pe. 3S = paragraph 7 - line 13 + should read "into space vig". .

cl. ¥. 4 - paragraph 4 - line 10 = should read "Paul telle pe*. +

“~ wf ~~ eee | 7 a eee . : * ——e
r . - ma

~
- *. ae ee, £

« a mh lee te -,* . = ‘
_F + . ‘ . ao Ma . “ie + - *  *
ge Wi et ak Tee eT eT, Fen le Oo Meme” omer PT fe OT
weet, wee tm, “poe oe . _—s + =.» o=- ‘ a
= a -a' ow rn o-. enw ** owe Fs on '* we et i m+ as 4
_ - 7 “. ‘ -_ . bed = * ~ - ~ -
” Be i ete =a" atin a. il 7 _y : = = * . a . = pe 5 -_ - —is ~*~ . . — ~~ - *
oJ eae  -. Sime r ™ : ' + oy ‘s
a) ‘. . mr

===== PAGE 132 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 461, "method": "ocr", "page": 132, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
_ wad ade, an * .* *

a: rear ,

0 aa

eee ae wee ie
eg ag kage Pipe

# Patines

=! z
uw Z - . -
1 * 4 2 an a . +.
ete tee att t Fae
a + = ? . «1. et “ah ae
- - s - a * J a. o -"
. . _ 1. - ef. -_- * +" wr ’ *
. 7 oF ~ Hq
~* ie = a+ ~ pete ee ic L
. '§ ~ oo iy way aaa
oe . of . : 1. a4 37: oat: _
ar “ o a tae Eis ‘ ~o € es _ -—
A + . _ a ¥ zs. o< hie a
7. - “mae loa - _* teppt a -
. . | ten
.

a

rs re ee

ou

aon TEs sa hy.

. 1 ee : =
5
- av Pe es
, “ee

===== PAGE 133 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 1278, "method": "ocr", "page": 133, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1: 201090
on
-33386
BI COURIER SERTICE
Nichola.
Basrdara-.
Helmost -
Mason.
Holar
Dates
то:
septerber 20,
1856
Director of Spectal Iruestigatior.a
The Inspector
•Goneral
Department of the dir Jorce
Bullding Tempo I
fth and Adaro trive, 5ol.
Hashington, Do C.
don: bagar doover,
Director
rederal Bureau of Investigation
Subjeots
THE Aor•RoO. BULLETIN
1718 VAN COURT
Thing sarras
ALAMOGORDO, NFE MELICO
MISC: ELINEOUS - IIIYONVATION GO CERIINO
On Auçust 31, 1936,
Street, St. Touts Missrurt,
cho $a erploved as an electrician,
furifored the
St. houls Office of this bureau with information that he and
a group of nie fellow porkers haue subscribed to a publication
cadtioned
"The
A.P.R.O. Bulletin,
which entains articles about
діцітй васетв.
saduised he anavered an aduertisesert do so.
a macarine
and guiscribed to thie sublication fortune vear, at
a cost of 73.00.
further adulsed that in his opinion,
the
publication alurred and crittefaed the Do S. Air Force and offlesal
of the Do so dir force.
to action la contcaolated in this natter by this
• BureaU.
EE COUMER SVE.
RECORDED-I
35 SEP2 D
NOTE ON YELLOV:
1x12270
Bureau Piles are nemaitoe concerning captioned pubIscotion
ind in vieviof the fact that it deals with Ilying saucera and tr
(5)
Tele
Hallor
can -60 sEF 2t
1856

===== PAGE 134 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 1122, "method": "ocr", "page": 134, "variant": "plain-vision"}
waited El Wine. mis
Office Memor Clum. UNITED STA. GOVERNMENT
TO
• DIRECTOR, FBI
Ten BIC. ST. 2007S (62-01)
DATE: 9/7/56
A.P.R.O. BULLETIN,
1712 Van court,
Alamogordo, New Mexico
MISCELLANEOUS
On August 31, 1956,
i Site it ende
street,
St.
Louis,
Missouri,
Callovni as an electrician,
= St.
Louis County,
appeared at the St. Louis
Office to advise tar ne and a group of fellow workers
have subscribed to a publication entitled "The A.P.R.O.
Bulletin"
•which 1s published at 2712 Van Court, Alamogordo,
New Mexico, and which contains articles about flying saucers.
stated he and a group of fellow workers saw an adver-
tisement concerning the above described publication in a
magazine and they
subscribed to this publication for one
year at a cost of $3.00.
'urther stated this publica-
tion slurred and criticized the U. S. Air Force and offi-
cials of the U. S.. Air Foice and was in his opinion Connu-
nistic.
A copy of this communication 15 being forwarded the
Albuquerque Office for purposes of intornation.
2 - Bireau
1 - Albuquerque
1 - St. Louis (62-0)
dan a vant
CSS: nin
(4)
i.5tc5-3:
INDEXED-7^
5X117
113714=369

===== PAGE 135 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1774, "method": "ocr", "page": 135, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Mem. Sindum. UNITED SHOES GOVERNMENT
TO
DIRECTOR, PBI
DATE: 8/25/56
PRON
BAC, LOS ANGELBS (200-24442)
BUBJECT:
PLYING SAUCER:
The following 1s being furnished to the Bureau for its
Information in the event an inquiry should be received fron the
A1r POrOG:
on 8/14/56, It.
and sgt.
4602nd Air Intelligence Service Squadron, Norton APB, San
Bernardino, aalliornia,
called at this office, accompanied by
Captain
of the Air Information service.
It.
stated he had received a teletype from
his headquarters,
refleating that
Street, Van Nuys, California, had reported that on 1/16/56, &
spherloal vehicle had landed in his back yard, splitting & large
tree in tro.
On 7/30/56, this vehicle returned and on this
occasion some little green men emerged from the vehicle and invited
to ride in their ship. He supposedly went up with them
Ios approximately 20 minutes.
It
stated he had no additional Information
except that
• was belleved to be employed In sone minor
technical capacity for the Columbia Broadcasting Systen.
Captain
stated he recalled that the incident
reported by
• was presented on a CBS television nensoast
about the time it occurred, and that during the telecast, the split
tree was shown, and an intervier was had with
ACcOrding
to Captin (
→ the tenor of the commenta by the television announ
was that he placed little credence in the story, but was presenting
It for what it was worth.
stated that he believes the incident reported
to be utterly ridiculous, but, in accoraance with
instructiona from his headquarters, he must make some inquiry concer
• in such a manner as not to result in any publicity indicat
an
fir porce Interest.
Ho inquired It the PBI would conduct Investi
12-Biteau (A1r Ma11)
1-Löp Angeles
47:83894-
73B NIC BORDEL
(3)'
INDEXED -

===== PAGE 136 =====
{"alpha_words": 54, "chars": 361, "method": "ocr", "page": 136, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DIRECTOR, YBI
PIXING SAUCER
8/15/56
gation to obtain Information concerning the background of
and was advised that no such investigation mould de
conducted by this office in the absenco of instructiona from
the Bureau.
но госоти об
le reflected in the indices of the
Los Angeles Ofí10e and sit nas so advised.
No action by this offico 1a contemplated.
: =-
- 2

===== PAGE 137 =====
{"alpha_words": 213, "chars": 1430, "method": "ocr", "page": 137, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Jalson
2-030003
BY COURIER SURTICE
- 309
Dates
908
Froms
subjects
May 11, 1956
Director of Speosal Investigationa
The Inspector General
(0r8g, & 1)
Departeent of the dir J0r06
Bullding Tempo
4th and adans Drive, B. ll.
mashington, Do Go
John Edgar Hoover, Director
Poderal Bureau of Investigation
FLYING DISC OBSIRVED
OXFORD, PENNSYLTANIA
ЖУ 4, 2956
DISCELLANSOUS - INTORKATION CONCERNINO (ESPIONAGE)
42 MAY 1 4
BY SQURIER SYCa
Tolsea
Deardmas
Nichols
Harto
At 11835 pomo, Lay 4, 1956, an Induldual
roho identified himself as.
• Oxford, Pennaylvania, adulsed thia Bureau
he had just observed at oxford, perneylvana, a
bright light traveling about 2, 000 feet in the afr
toward Baltinore, Haryland. He described the objeot
as a solid, bright yellow light ulalble fron all
afrectione and that It was trice as bright and twice
do large as the neadbignt of an automodile.
Be also
described it as twice as bright as the evening star.
He toas unable to describei. it is more datall. Be
stated the object nade no noise, that at firet its
speed wa8 the same as the oar he was driving but st
sped up and although he was driving 80 miles an hour
he was unable to keep up with it.
He adolsed that
two of his friendo,
aladi
had observed the objeot.
At 2245 pomo,
1956,
the aboug.
• referred-to Individual aculsed his
• true name and
address «ere
Kenneth §guare,
"Fennaylvanta.
j'
lis
E0 32 0956
Tele, Reno
Hallansa.
Goody -
fipm
42-83854-847

===== PAGE 138 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 286, "method": "ocr", "page": 138, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Letter to Director of Speclal Investigationa
The Inspector General
Departrent of the dir force
The above information was telephonically
Jurnished to Captain.
→of your office by thie
deemed dealrable dy your orJice.
in this matter by this Bureau.
No actíon la conterplated
: -
$ i:
., -

===== PAGE 139 =====
{"alpha_words": 128, "chars": 956, "method": "ocr", "page": 139, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memordritum: UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
• a. to Beton gest
DATE: 5-5-56
то
Том
REJECTS
FLYING DISC OBSERTED
нау в,
В ' 1050
PENNSILVANIA
Rejerence Rade to monorandur LT.
to
Mr. Belmont, May 4,
1956, Indicating
OFford, Pennoyluanta,
11:35 p.».,
May 4,
1856,
called at
concerning a bright. light de
nad obserued traveling toward doltinore at an altitude
of approsiertoly 8,000 feet.
Ihts sane Indfuldual telephonseally coulsed the
soriter
2:45 polis-Lay 5, 1956, his trus name ta
and that his true resideroe le
denneth Square, Pennsuluanta.
•desired to know the resulta of any sivestigation
conducted as the result of h'a previous call. It was
pointed out, to nis that the Bureau was not at liberty
to draclose
auch information.
Bureau indices on
to Pennovluanto, vere acarched with negative
peaults.
Ost, it 35 on day Sa dost, tanta residence.
ACTION:
This do sor your information.
cc
Belmont
ГНограї
(4)
950090FD-75
INCEXED-75,
MAY 1e 1256
5/1/53 EHM

===== PAGE 140 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1310, "method": "ocr", "page": 140, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandum - UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
• A. #. Besmontin
DATE Lay 4, 2956
FROM
SUBJECTFLYING DISC OBSERVED
OXFORD, PENNSYLVANIA
HAY 4, 1856
1:.
1....
Hot
Gand
Pennaylvania,
telephone
oxford,
called 11:35 pom., May.
1956,
and advised that he had just observed a bright light
traveling about 2000 feet in the afr toward Baltimore.
last saw it at the place he was calling the Bureau from
which roas
• Oxford, Pennaylvania.
described the object as a solld, bright, yellow light,
visible from all directions which he described at one
point as being more than twice as bright and twice a8 big
as the headlight of an automobile and another time as
twice as bright as the evening star and it vas impossible
to persuade nim to describe it more specifically.
He said
the object made no noise and that di first it was travel ing
overhead about as fast as his automoblle but then it speeded
up and ne could not keep up with it although ne was
traveling at 80 miles per hour.
He said that two of his
buddies in the barroom where he had first observed the
object had also observed it-.
He said he had tried to call Civil Defense headquarters
in Baltimore but
on duty. Enhile
Alect in informa
ACTION:
Captain
OSI, was advised.
62-83894-366
- Mr.
Belmont
Нт. Branigan
ANUEXED - 23
BUNG 61956 RAL S
ED::
::1856
EX. - 120

===== PAGE 141 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1758, "method": "ocr", "page": 141, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Polo
IVau.
„mai
LimOSObuTg
Ilalson
BI COURIER BERTIN.
2001
COMM • FBI
Dater
1p+81 86.8956
208
Director of Spectal Inuestigations (Original & 1)
Ine Irapeotor Coneral
Departnent of the dir Foroe
Bullding Senpo I
4th and adams Ditoe, so I.
dashington, Do G.
Jonn logar Hoover, Director
Federal Dureau of Investigation
subjeote
SIGHTIC ' OBJECT RESSUBLING
PLYILO SAUCER ON MARIL 6, 2250,
STAR HEIDERSON, NORTI CAROLINA
BUSCELLAISOOS - DFORIATION CONCERNINE
(ESPIOVACE)
..on 107816, 1958, 811es
employee of this Dureau to restacs at
ilexararía,
Firginla, while en route to Horuen, tortir carolina,
via cutomobile,
sotth her glance, ist.
abaerved an unusual object which appeared to resendle
flying Baucer.
11183
otated at about 5 hollo, on Aprel bol
1950, snile it was still dark and stile drsuing or Route d
nortz of senderaon, North Carolina, she and ur.
startled by what appeared to be an oval-argoea,
14 APRI 7
object contrig directly towards their car at a great speed,
on the eriver's side.
Bi8os C
• stateo 578 00/00tr
nich was desa than 25 jeet from the growia, gupeared to
be apinning, was bright as thougs contalning a gertes of
lights in a rigragging patter, was light blue in color
and was at least as wide as the highway and no nore than
from two to four feet in thickness. she stated the object
old not charge shope, it nade no sound and that are o beerved
it jor only a feu secondo before it appearel to pase over. the
- oar, accelerate speed and veer off out of eight berind thes.
Hias Richards aivisod vilen wayliglit oare she notleed it san
cloudy ani that approximetely 30 minutes after they had i
elghted the object st begar to ralro
•MOTE:. Cover memo Belmont to Boardnan 4-13-
11(0)
ЕСТЕБ, те:
58 APR 26 1956
Hame Check Unit, ECD 4-14-47."

===== PAGE 142 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 388, "method": "ocr", "page": 142, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Letter to Director of Spectal Investigationa
Tie Inspector General
Departrent of the Alr Force
advised lit.
" on exployee
→ sho pesides et
mail NoTin Arliryton, Tirginia, dould reoall
approsinately shere they aigited the object and he may
de able to Jumiar adultional portirent information,
The avove se furnlared for your inforsation
and no Merther action
la being taten in this matter.

===== PAGE 143 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1628, "method": "ocr", "page": 143, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memor edum. UNITED STAT
DATI
GOVERNMENT
8-20-30
Mise
anusual occurrence
chich 88
lose pinted euge peteg ether
fiance,
on 415156 Me aS rangton by oor orch dera
• to go
do Moruen,
North Caroline to seet the
@samily.
APOUTO
5 a.л.
on 8/6/56
as darn bos breating and shile driving on Route 1
north of Benderson, North Carolina, the pair eas startled by shat
appeared fo de a round don-fiying object ooning directly tovarda
the oar.
The object appeared to pass over the oar and Vias l
turned to see
It appear to apeed up and ther veer ofs out of
eight
She and dr.
• both felt then had been gonething unusual shitor mar
difficult to
espleis and certainly did not appear to be as optical
Niza
• stated the object es ahe gas st appeared
round, bos spinning and was bright as though containing a berter of
lights In a 21g-309 pattern. The abject appeared to De Jaubng seri
10w a8 st care tovards then, movins at great opera ana pave our al
particular gound.
The object, to the best of her belter, pas ar
•i least as bide as the highway and appeared no more than two to jour
Cfeet in thickness.
Ni88
heretofore are hos placed little oredence 8n
and felt that had she and her boufriend not been the sare object are
mould be inclined to thint she had fmagined gonething. 'Ete:
appreciates that what they gaw may have been gone hind of optieal
liftlunion; hovever, et the trae the object appeared bert real to then,
¿BECOMENDATION:
Is you agree,
it to reconnended that this senorandu, be
peferred to the Liatron bection or the tonestic interligence Divalon
gor posalble referral to any intèrested military agencies.
+ 43 351- 365
(3)
