{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T11:30:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 75, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5297510, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/federal-bureau-of-investigation-fbi-files-on-ufos/ufo5.pdf", "source_sha256": "76b3c10457cebc9e0c6d4047d93ae605ef8156711ececef359891f50deb8a05d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 165, "chars": 1213, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FID FORM NO. 64
Office Memorandum. UNITED STORES GOVERNMENT.
TO
FROM
SUBJECT
Direotor, FBI - AIR MAIL
SAC, San Francisco
REPORTS OF FLYING DISCS
DATE: August 26, 1947
Thoro aro being traggastted hororith to the bursay photostatio dopies d7C
of thrao reports recaived from Lieutenant Colonel!
A-?, Fourth
Air Forco, Hamilton Flold, California, Involving reported sightings of flying
_discs.
The Los Angeles Office is being furnished with a photostatio copy o
tho report of Lieutenant Colonel
dated August 18, 1947 concerning tha
Invastigation conduated at the Muroc Flight Test Baso, Muroo, California.
The Butte Office is being furnished with a photostatio oopy of the
report of Lioutenant Colonel •
dated August 20, 1947 which sets forth &
b7c
latter received from Mr.
• Folena, Montara.
This office is maintaining contact mith Lieutenant Colonel
and will furaish the Bureau with a subsoquent report from him concerning the
ob-
$67C
servationa of Mrd
- Baoramento, California, who has reported
cortala observations which ho bellores may intolve a flying diac at Placervillo,
California, on August 14, 1947.
HUK JEMB
Enclosuros - 3
do los Angolos (mith enolosuro)
Butte (with enolosure)
b7C
RECORD
- il
..107
265

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 736, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ott
OR
cho
ABS
tant
of
'Star
Intillspong
Tornia
Ame tavelergation or 12y1ag
his No.
20801
MESTICATION SADE At Mirod MAr, Auroo, Ca218.
CONTROLLING OFFICE .
Air Detonse
Command, Kitone Polde
PERIOD COVERED ...
My. 1947
Inoidont
16
Augurt 1947
StATUS OF CASE.
REASON TOR INVESTIGATION,
Invostigation
initiated
¡toquest of Air Dolenso Connand
toteronão Ltr ta ADOj dtd
ut 4? Tito D838ab ID, mubji Inrootigation of Flyine, DIsod
Od
19"227, approxtratoly 1000 hours, tro inoidonto cogurrod in the violsity
'aroo Tlicht Tort
Baso!
Lo
Kather taroreigation or those Irodonte so being coheldered by tide headquarter d
Disraistmon
COPIES
1
APPROSTO!
Bth Army
BiTi
DONALD I
* SPRINGER;
cole, 0s
7110
1
AÚG 21 1947
Aprad No, 110
ROUTED TO
83844107

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 632, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CELLAVI
STATE ON CALIFORNIA D
COURLY OF KERN)
The following to d
statement civen brally by
Turod Army Alr Fiold, luroo, California, Liven to
captain Hort lu. blacki Intelligenco Officer, on 11 August 1947.
i stated that the
od joot he sam, ho believed at the
tine to be paper and oftno steniliganos or the
objoots not important
enourhato do teported. "
Colono1 to pake any further reports
into oral statoment was given, sreely and voluntarily without any
throats
promises unuer durese.
atatoront consists of one (1)
and
is the truth to the best of my knowledge ahd belief.
tharry de bleck
CAPT SARRY. D. BLACK, REC
CONFIDEN
CRANDAL

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 1162, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATS OF CALIFORNIA)
COUNTY
OF KERN)
tho following N, a statement given by
"Maroo Arly Air rield,
Muroor calerornia, oratoment givon on 11 Jusy 1947
At approximatoly, toon on,
26 July 1947, my attontion was colled to an
T observed betroon Livo (5) and
olght 8) miles to the North what appobrod to bo a thin totallio objoct.
it
so do mettle borne the pathod l nich ms cyne caused
to retioot like an apparontly aluminum colored surface. The objoot
Aroman latermotiate eltitudo in an osolliating fashion, alrost to
the curtade of the ground and thon otarted of mbing agalar
It climbed to
carly high altitude and torod ort slowy into thé distanco.
The object
appokted to bo the oilo of a purdult airplane but ald not have the shone of
don outlone. biane! the time that the obfect was in view was approxinately:
eight 8) minutesi This some objeot ras seen by my wire at the suma tima.
this
statement has boon fived froely and tolüntartly without any threats
or promisos under duress.
this statemont coholats of one (L) pore, and is
the
ruth to the bestjor hy mowledgo and bello?.
I have
Initialed all
(sorrootions dooned nobosaury.
WITNESSE
THOWAS
MILLAN
CONBITENTIA

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 808, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COPY
STATE OF CALIFORNTA)
The following is d statement Given
4144thị AAFBU;
kuroo Any AlP Fiola, fluido, California, statoment given
to
into to ay do witton platomode or what air on July 8, 1947.
I an u0o in chargo of the
i this Fold, and
dino or saucer chapodiuliver oblored objoots,
¡ Ilying in a
horthwestorn direótioh at spood approxinately $50 6r 400 milos per hour
and tan stado or bout 4602 bul not are boon a balloon.
fooo root it I dould not hear a motor
toar likö one of our planes and.
I am of food heith and sound
And and thie was to hallucination.
Into statonent has been eften
rodly and voluntarily without any
threats or promises under durosad
* This statement bonsista
of one
(1)
pagor and is
paisa 2nd 151 he foon the old note and bette
I have
WITNESB I
'thome a
& mo
THOMAS A VC MILAN
TATÉ

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 298, "chars": 1911, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ALETBALURI
Mate of
The Following 1b
a statoment given by
¡ouros Army At Fiola, Nuroo, Callrornia, statonent
elron on 11 July 1847 to Me thomas A Morizian, GIO-s/At this
Station.
be noted that
the asoro mentioned observance was podo by me por-
sonally ile enjoying complote health in nod and body.
(od muoiday a july 1947 at approximatoly nino-thirty Ao"• (09,30)
'cobversation with jordonnel in the Post Exchango Office.
of theoloonvor atlos had as rollordi
Upon leaving the post Exchango, I wont alreotly to my ortioo and bo-
rote entoring heard one of our local afroraft in the traffio patters.
looking upy as I always do I obseriod the aircraft,
and looked slicitly
to the loft whorougon I orgaryod two (2) oliver objects of eithor a
soneriodi or alec-liko shapoi moving about threo hundrod (300) miles an
hour or borhaps loss,
it approximatoly bight thousand (8000) feet,
hoadin;
We mont cist observed those obloots I colle
who Immediately cane
where I was standing.
I pointed in the direction of the objeots
and
asked then the question breli no what you too up thero. Wheroupon, all
the throo (3) with sundry corments stated, "They are flying Diso".
butthor vority sy observanco t asked then to tell me to mint diroction the
without indication, their direotion mysolf, end açain,
all throo (3) In a consistent inture statod that the objoots, wore movin;
coward Mojaye; california.
I had time to look away doveral tines and renor ny viston of the objoots
make
oute that there were not uny rosults of oye strain. or in any anture
optical flusion"
The objoots in question wore not repeat; wore not air-
fire the objodte oould bot hate boou weathor balloons roleased from this
sortion, tinoo thoy were trayoline againit the provoilins wind, ard cinco
thospeed i which they wore travoling and the horizontal direction in which
tray woro travolindi disqualislud the caot that thoy wore weather bulloons.
Chatter

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 1796, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COLS
after
time to
the obsoryanod of these pronomenon afid hopthe, that I nieht havo
entlet further witherses,
timediatoly tea into the dispensary to
got porsonnel who are Nodical forriber to vority, for my om ouriosity, the!
antual observande of those objeots, but by the tine I reached the baok porch
of the diapensary;
who la a regiatored nurso, and about
saten (7) other personnel woro with mo, the objoots, had by that time, dis-
appoarad,
Invostiretion,
fun 60(20 alt the no need another on for
silvor spherical or discuike nature at approtimately eicht thousana (8000)
root, travoline in oiroles ovot the North-ona. I called the osjoots to the
attontion of
and pointedit out to the othor personnel standine near
by All of us saw the
with, the excoption of
palaonels 211 or us looked away from the object soveras?
„tro (E) out of sevan (7)
frames to make sure
as no aro strain or trom porittine the object to bucond an optical
illusioni
"crom ny actuel observadoo thorobject circled in too tight & cirele and
cob sovero a blane to be any airoraro that Ismom of. It could got havo been
any type of bird booause of the toileotion that was breated when the objeot
renohed cortain altitudess The objoot could not haro been a local moather
balloon foruit to tory impossibio that a weather battoon rould stay at the
sane altitude as long
and oltole in such i consistont nature as did
the
abore mentioned objeot,.
I am fenslat with the rosults or too donatant vision of the sun of
any bright o
object and an aware that optioal Illusions are possible and
I wish to make thia statemant that the abora mentioned observance
that of dotual subfoot matter!
chillatement had been electisty and voluntarily without any throats
correotions deemed negessary,
WITNESS+
thoma ai
mo MiLIAT
THOMAS AT TO MILLAN

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 142, "chars": 892, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
..*
STATE
" OF CALIFORIIA)
COUNTY OF KERI
The tollowicg is a statement given by
muroc Army
Air Flold, burgo,
Californiay statoment, river to
Thonas Ai Mortlian, CIC Agorts
This station, on 15 August 104%.
0a 7 uly 1947
approximatoly torto, most runside up tho
XP-84
on the ground I noticed overyone was looking up into the air.
Off
to
000 to 22,000 foot altitude, was an objoct
that' I issumed at first to be a meathor balloon, but alter 1o0 in; at
Movemen thout Lotog tatue to nas traveline about 200 to 2ame
The objebt was yellowish white In color and I would estimale tret
Et was
ephere about 5 to 10 foot In arameter.
¡ald not nave ime to chade it in a p-go.
This statement was given froely end voluntarily ilthout ony tireats
promises under duress, This statoment consists of onu (i) pr"e,
and
418
the truth to the best of my knowledge and belief•
s/B!
thomas d. mo millan
TECHAS
MILLAN

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 297, "chars": 1883, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C
ALICALLE
county or
I tho rollowing is a statonent Blron bo
Yurac
Army Air Fleld, Wurod,
; Caltrotpia, statonert giron to
ira Thomes Al Mortilan, CIC Agent.
this station, on 12 August 1947.
station tough todated in true he or ray hed or tend in
Rogers Dry Lake, for the
purpose or
observing a p-or
•footion seat exportment, the folloring
unfami larity his obsorved.
butta beat ojeotion oxourtment, mion I obsorgod: a rounded object,
mato buntum in color, which at siest redombled a parachute canopy
The first improssion wot that a pronature ofootion of the seat and
wasi jooted at a detormihoa height lower
120,000 leoty and
was falling it threo (3) times the rate observed
for the parachute which was ejooted thirty minutes later WAs it fell
It driftod slightiy north of we west egalnst the provailing wind, to-
ward lount Mlison. The spood, hor roatal motion could not be determined,
nopeared slower than the maximum veloolty 50-80 aircraft,
As this objoct donconded thrauch low enough lovol to permst
obe
rvation otute latoral ithouetto, is nrosonted a distirot ovulat
out too
Arith two (2) profootions on the unpor curtade inich might have
These orossed eudh other at intervals, sugbest-
ing
either rotation or oscillation or inlon type.
o5
do bie menns of propulsion wore noted Ther bolor was silvery, ro-
sorp1106 Huminum painted rebtlo;
one da pot appear as dense as a
pardonute
¡ спрору •
Thon
the object dropped to a lovol sun that coned dato 1 no of
riston or the mountain tops, it ros
"lost to the
"Histor of the observer.
i bet mated that tha
doja vest Lo alon about so.
secondar
(4)1
the rive (b) poople oftting n the observation truck; tour
this obfoot, and Made romarks about
til these people include:
Civilien, tricht Flold, Dayton, Onio
morolonic to my or persohai borone out the objoots
the outitho
a man icce
and functional
aslarade optins or donged distantly by

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 334, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It
bosome pot cut front foot with anarching enropy.
"the bath rollored be this object appeared as touch it minit
have been
dropped frot " crect oisht"
This statonent was siven freöly nrd voluntoril! withdt.
ey tireets
or promises
under wuross.
is the truth to the boat ori
iritir lod
WITNESS:
thomas a.
no millan
THOKAS Ai
NO: 31LLAN

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 353, "chars": 2199, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ALLEBALLE
USTATE OR CALIFORIIA
horrorloan de a statonent fiven
on 14. July 1947, 63
turoc Army der Flola, luroo Callfornia..
Tom pully award or my Civil end constitutional Rarbts, and under-
stand prior to making this
statonent.
on Tuesday morofog 8 July 1947, at approximatoly 10100, vaile typing
some cards, ard taking care of my routine work,
called me, long with
to the front of B.0.rd "" side.
pointibe, up in a direction afrootly
aboro to he asked us to explala what we sawa
Thats were two, silver
colored dise like objoots riying
toward lojato, Call"ornia, one directl
back of the other, at a sooed of about 300 to 400 miles por hour, havir.,
an altitude of approximately 8000 feet. I listened carefully for a few
minutes, ahd heard no drono such as should be heard from any airorait.
I also onst my èves to arothor diredtion and looking back to the same
spot,
I was able to ulstinguish the samo objects again.
Havin;, assurad
mysoil
that there was ho bye-straih, i ves convinced these objects were
hot woather balloons due to the horizontel posttion Is which they were
flying Nor could they have boon birds of any néture, duo to the do-
Molte rorlootion tron the sun raye.
I Have been on this basa considering an absenco of six months,
approximatoly sightoon montha, and am farilinr with all typo atroraft.
About three or four minutes, attor
these flying objects hed nearly
dappoored, I'lanced around and bighted ahother flying objoot,
matt to abova mont und objets be faring baject was silver
colored and ras in the
shape of a diso. "Inilko the first tro tuis objoot
wao. flyincin a
ti ht oirblo, naither loding nor coinids altitude, at
approximately alüht
thousand rest, thorofore I was convinced It could
¡not have been a weathor baltoon, and bocause of the tight oircle It could
not have beon any typo atroracts
Thie
staterent
* 0ґ
prontees under duress.
was elvon Freely and voluntarily without tireets
mil fathtement
• dongiate or one
(1) page, and
the truth to the bebt of my knowledge and boltors I have instlated
all correctiona denmod nocossary.
pound mind nd pods and swou that, this statonent to true
and
correct
WITNESSES I
s/s thomas al mid
m11260
THOMAS A6 NIC
NILLAN
ATTACIN

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1629, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ALE
I 2
ANLI
STATE OF CALTRORATA D
mo toltorin, Is a statonent civon
by
4144th AAFBUL Muroo Arny Alt Fiolo, Muroc, Calffornia: statoment eivor
on 14 july 1947, to
on thereight of July 1947 at ton o'olook (10:00) in the noming
I obsorred porsonally two (2) Flying diso,
riyine in a north west diruction
at an estinated altitude of
seven or ascht thousand foot, travolin, st
approximatoly three or four hundred milos por hour.
vust a lon minutes bofore this I was in the
3111rting
Uffico and
Firet Lloutorant Joseph O. Monoury) called mo and tro (%) othors out-
sidor : to thon asked us wrat wo san. I sat tro (2) objoots with mr own
and I am bow and was then in perfect physical condition.
I havo
20-20 tision and I am positive thieso two (2) objects could not havo beer
Aircraft, woather balloons or birds to to the altitude in whioh they
wore flying, they gave off a derinife reflection from the rays of the sun.
In addition to those two (2) diao I saw anothor objaot a com
mautes later at the
same altitlde doing certnin maneuvers such as flyin,
in a tight
hy notate or erores co a not dare bady lan alpand occuse of ot to
Very tight maneuror
It was undergoing. I hive been piying in and have
boor around all types of piroraft since 1943 ard novor tu ny life
have I
seed anything such as this. If nodessary I dan and will swoar to this
thi sotatomont has boon Eloon trooly and voluntarily without any
throats or promises under duress; Ihis 'statonent consists of one (1)
and to the truth to the bout of my bowlodre and bollor. I havo
pattialed ali corrections deened hecessary.
WETNESSE
6/s thomas
¡THOMAS AR
ag no millar
CONI

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 357, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
action of
AIR FORCE
tos lola, calitoria
3868/1200-14
20 August 1047
to
Spe
'gont
Fodo
FẾ1 Orriootbutfalhel
HATE Room 422,
FBI LU S Dept. or
Justice,
San FraMolaco,
Calis.
inter so rared be legene and role craph
potpatton viii bi mado or indo roported inoi-
LoKi
by
Heada
nato
DIBTASSUTIONI
Lor colonos; 090
Ao or a liar
AUG 21. 1947
BANGRANCISES
TATE ANYMY

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 316, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COPY
apobase, Haailarton
Auguet 0, 1849
Nochore Mold,
GentLomon
Kashington
ai pubiiibad in the spotueuna Rotion vador dato
Thie roodiet has hot boon girod to any sonopopot or other pubilo.
Yours oruly,
ji madden
bittolon Plant sigro
The tao, Poli & Tolo. Cde
• SIICE
AUG 21 1347
SAN FRANCISCI
ROUTED TO
CONFIDENTIAL

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 546, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i ti
FINI
leon
drives by ston
rant coat and teri ibrriern
tombstorty blade the road seedne son
• кото ді
as it of
into the ican
i0 MOX RiN) tart
od bolinge
di hieh to
diso Kari roportad aoing
Cram the soutinoss, (teri
Bry, and the branging of
50di alrultataouely, sam tho
loi Matadi
and approxiantely 3000 Sto
stise ta tha alro
Despondo
iy or a bundrod foot for a
"Ilxa"
dato
to day it old not parm
billty but melted into thin als" no it
Ln
no sun tar abinda:
Meht qualicht no is
aborn do aridoroo of
isons so inal aborofara.
dalend the
talo
Co.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1607, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hederal Bureau of Inuestigati
: i
#nited Btates Arpartment of Bustirr
407 U. S. Court House
Seattle 4, Mashington
August 18, 1947
670
DIRECTOR, FBI
RE:
D
PANTEC DISOS SICHTED BY
THASHINGTON
SLi - X
obje
Dear Sir:
The following, in general, are the facts regarding the
flying disc story that started by
down or sabotaged over Kelso, Hashington on August 1, 1941 because it was carry-
Ing sone ilying disc Iragments.
The original story, as related by
was to the effect that
" while patrolling in his boat near laury
Island, Washington, sighted six flying discs, one of which fluttared to the
earth and disintegrated, showering his boat with fraguents rich caused ome
damage to the boat and killed his dog.
arrote a letter tol..
0F 83f1-Davis Company which publishes fantastic adventure magazines in
Chicaes, sending him fragments of the flying disk and relating the above story.
requested Irans-Radio News in Chicago to verify the story as related
by
telegraphed
•confirming
= story.
then engaged
• Boise,
Idaho,
who was the first to
report
sighting the flying dise and whom
3 had previously made a contract for
a story regarding the flying disc, to come to Tacoma and check the story. as...
related by
6+
came to Tacoma, Washington July 30, 1947 and
arranged for & meeting the tollowing day, July 31,
with
ain his room 502, Winthrop Hotel, Tacona Kashington.
a150
called to attend
the meeting
United Airlines Pilot rho
had also reported seeing flying disc fragments, and Army Intelligence to attend
p1347
RECORDED.
62
- 8349
EX-64
INDEXED
ES0CT 1
2941
Ss SEF N0 19474
ARY
COPIES DESTROYKD
14
270
NOV 18 196*

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 3185, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sugust 19, 1947
this meeting.
• Captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BROM of limy A-2 Intelligence from
Hamilton Field, California, all met in
room at various times during
the afternoon and evening of July 31, 1947 and discussed the flying disc
story as related by
The Army Intelligence Officers, Captain
DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BROIT,
left about 2:00 i. i. the morning of August. I,
1947 to return to Hamilton Field, California for Air Force Day in a B-25 and
were carrying some of the reported disc fragnents. The left engine on the
B-25 burned an exhaust stack which in turn caught the left wing afire, the
wing suosequently breaking off and tearing off the tail.
The B-25 crashed,
killing Captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BRON. However, the Crew Chief and
a hitch-hiker parachuted to safety.
Intelligence Officers at icChord Field,
Washington advised there was no indication of any sabotage.
The plane crashed
at Kelso, washington approximately 2:50 A. I. August 1, 1947.
Five anonymous calls were received by a
Taerma, between 11:30 ..
• Jniy 31, 1947
and 5:30 P.
Aurust 2, 1947.
The first call has to a
approximately 11:30 i. l'., July 31, in which the caller stated that there was
a meeting taking place at that tine in room 502 of the winthrop Hotel concerning
the disc fragments found on Maury Island.
The second call was received between
11:00 A. I. and 12:00 noon, August 1, 1947 by the
which the caller advised that at that moment a big meeting was taking place
room nunber 502, Ninthrop lotel; that the B-25 which crashed was
carrying diso fragments and that IcChord Field officials had stated it was
shot down or sabotaged. The third call was receiver Friday, August 1, 1947
Tacoma, in which the caller stated
that the B-25 which crashed at «elso,
Washington was carrying flying disc
fragments and that the dead officers were Captain DAVIDEN and Lieutenant
BRON, 1-2 Intelligence Officers at Hamilton Field, California.
This call
was prior to the release of the dead officers' names by Army authorities and
the caller indicated thit when the names were released, it would verify the
information he was furnishing was correct.
The fourth phone call was received
at acproximately 6:45 P. "., Friday, August 1 by the
which call the caller stated the B-25 was definiteyshot down and that if he
contacted my Intelligence officers, they would not deny it.
The filth phone
enll vic received by thel.
Iacola, at 5:30 P. ". August 2,
1947 at which time the onller stated the i-25 was shot down from the air with
a 20 mom. cannon; thrt the Marine plane found recently on It. Rainier had also
been shot down and that
would be taken to right Field Tuesday
morning.
When the Army authorities released the names of the dead Intelligence
-..officers which verified the information as given by the anonymous caller, the
Tacoma Times printed this story on August 2, 1947 and carried several articles
thereafter inferring thrt the B-25 had been
shot down or sabotaged hes use of
the fact that it was
carrying dise fraguents.
have admitted
thet the naterial wich they sent to!
had no connection with any
Flying discs and have given a signed statement to that
t effect which are beirg
- 2-
i trie

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 2916, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
forwarded herein.
deny, however, that they actually started
the flying dise story and their actual part in the story. United Airlines pilot,
states that 1.
on July 31, 1947, both related their
original flying disc fragment story.
Information gathered would indicate that
the anonymous phone calls were possibly made by
sin order to build
up the flying disc story to the point where they could make a profitable sale
of the story to i
chicago, Illinois.
No facts have been develoned
which would definitely prove that
made these calls.
however, from all
facts and information gathered, it appears he 1s probably the most likely to
have made the anonymous calls.
The detailed interviews of the persons contac-
ted in regard to this flying disc story are being set out below.
The following investigation was conducted by Special Agent
at Tacoma, Hashington on August 6, 7, 1947:
Tacoma,
washington,
advised that in the early part of June, 1947 he was requested by the Seattle
Doat Intallizencer to check on a story which he was informed had been obtained
from the /
at Harper, Washington. The story was supposed to have
originated with
stated that the story_was to the effect
that
awhile patrolling in his boat near Maury Island, sar five or six
flying dises, one of which Iluttered toward the ground and finally disintegrated.
Fragments of the disc were reported to have showered down on the boat of &
causing some damage and killing his dog.
stated that he went
to the home ‹
_ Tacoma,
Washington to chock with
him on this flying disc story.
He stated that as best he could recall, this
was just a few days after the first flying disc stories had appeared in the paper
and was on a Sunday evening. He believed it was the early part of June. He
stated that/
•took him in the kitchen and proceeded to talk about this flying
disc story in lor muffled tones. He stated that (
acted rather suspicious
and that shortly his wife came into the kitchen and was in a considerable rage,
telling i
to admit that the entire story was a plain fantasy which he had
dreamed up.
He stated that after his wife told!
sto admit the entire story
was false, that
then admitted that there was nothing whatever to the story
not want har
stated that In view er the enraged condition *
The entire of try wds to hoax and and at played to d lot print ft to ate 11 gener
He further stated that he advised the Seattle Post Intelligencer that
a mental case and that nothing which he had reported should be carried as far
as a news story.
stated that since that time he had received repeated
raquests from the Boise Statesman requesting intormation as to the ilying dise
" stories reportedly originatine with ‹
• stated
that he had never, in his experience, had such pressure brought upon him to
release a news story and that he repeatedly advised the Boise Statesnan that
atory of seeing the Ilying discs by
was a complete fabri-
3-

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 2936, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
carson and should be in no nose carried as a noys stong had refused to furrish
any information regarding these reports.
He further stated that he advised
the Boise Statesman shortly before, or at the time
left Boise
to come to Tacoma to check on the flying dise stories with
that
should not come as the entire story was a hoax.
The following infornation was obtained from
acona, washington,
It was the Tacoma Times paper which first issued a story
on August 2 and subsequent stories intimating that the B-25 which crashed at
Kelso, Hashington on the early morning oi sugust 1,
, had been sabotaged or shot
down because of the fact that it carried flying disc fragnents.
astated
that on thursday, July 31, at approxinately 11:30 A. I. he received an anonymous
phone call in which the caller stated that‹
→ and Army Intelligence
officers were neeting in room 502 of the 'inthrop Hotel to check on the flying
disc story from which fragments were obtained on Maury Island. «
stated he
turned around to speak to his editor and when he picked up the phone again the
line was dead. He stated that the caller asked for !
who was out at the time of the call. He stated that
called i
that he could furnish no information as he was there on a Government
mission.
stated that on Friday, Aurust 2, between 11:00 k. is, and noo?.
he received another phone call for
in which the anonymous caller
stated 'that he might have sone information for him. (
basked the caller 1f
hu was not the same party that had called the previous date and he said yes.
The caller then related that at that moment there was a big meeting in progress
room, 502, in the Winthrop Hotel, that the B-25 which crashed that
morning in Kelso vas carrying flying disc fragnents from California and that
MeChord Fiold officials had stated the plane was sabotaged or shot down.. The
caller then hung up after making some statement to the effect that he was a
eritchboard operator.
astated that he went to the Ninthrop Hotel on Friday
about noon and found that there was no male operator on duty.
He stated he then
ment to room 502 and!
answered the door and that Captain!
United Airlines pilot, was on the phone.
• stated that he heard
make
•a statement to the effect that the information muat be very strictly confidential,
He stated that there were one or two others in the room besides
but that he could not Identify them. He stated that
stold him he could
malle no statement and that he had attenpted to check the story with various people
on Maury Island with negative results.
He stated that about 3:30 P. lo, Friday,
he wrote a story regarding the mysterious Informant and called
bat his
hotel room, stating that he had written thiggstory and that
• had better
check it.
He stated that he talked to
the United Press Wireman,
Tacoma, who advised that the story sounded fantastic.
astated that about
5:30 P. dia, Friday, August 1, an anonymous caller callad
the

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 539, "chars": 3064, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
•stating that captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BEON
were the Intelligence officers that were killed in the crash of the B-25 and
that civilians and the sheriff had been kept away from the wreckage with the
Army guarding it.
He stated the anonymous caller then said that the nanes
had not been released yet by the Army and that this would verify his statements.
stated that the following morning, Saturday, gust?, the irmy
fied that the officers killed were Captain DAVIDSO! and Lieutenant BROI
and two days later verified that they were Army Intelligence officers.
stated that the anonymous caller again later contacted.
ci. Iling
him by that name, and at this time stated he did not call the
and denied calling
In this call the anonymous caller stated that, "Don't think I'm doing this for
you." He then asked if the story had been put on the wire and when
said yes, the caller stated, "He want this to get back to Nevi Jersey." The
caller further stated that the B-25 was shot down by a 20 mom. cannon and that
the marine plane which was recently found wrecked on the side of It. Rainier,
laving been missing for several montts, tel alco been shot duwn.
stated to
that he should get in touch with a flyer named.
!.ited Airlines who, he stated, was with
over Montana.
The caller then stated, "I'II see you Tuesday. I'm going to
San Francisco."
Estated that he had checked with
United Airlines who denied knowing any pilot by the name of
ever having flown over Montana.
stated that
anonymous call in which the caller stated that
gould be sent to "right
be sented in b70
on Tuesday and that Saturday one of the men who found fragments of the
f. ing disc was to be flown to Alaska.
estated that in view of the fact
that the infornation as to the Intelligence officers on the B-25 had been as
Furnished by the anonymous caller, had subsequently been verified by thie Arry,
tue story was released that the 3-25 was carrying disc frogments returning to
Hamilton Field, California and furnishing the inference that the plane had been
sabotaged or shot down.
Stated that about 8:00 P. !. on sunday, lugust 3,
at his home,
Seattle at which time
•stated he had not given any story out to the Post
Intelligencer at Seattle; stated that he had gotten a telegran to call a number
in Boise and when he called ind found out it was the Boise Statesman,
-hung up.
he stated that the Boise Statesman then contacted him, at rich time
he admitted he had seen the disc fragments, but that he did not take any of
tliem.
This time
•that he had been with &
Public Relations Officer from icChord Field, all afternoon until about
3:45 P.
thing that he and
time that
This time
er
the
room
informed
• that he had told the Army authorities every-
knew about the flying disc fragments story fron the
left Boise, Idaho and he had left Seattle,
ashingtone
adnitted that there were some of the supposed disc Ir. rents
room at the linthrop Hotel and that
chad been in
Thursday afternoon.
On Honday
stuted that he caller
who advised that if this were not used in the paper, he ande,

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 2930, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
would see him after lunch.
stated that about noon
and
contacted him at which time
-stated that he and his son had been
exploring a gravel pit on haury Island and found some strange rock fornations.
le stated they picked up some of these samples and that
" later
aw them and they went back over to Maurr Island at which time additiona
samples were obtained and that
›sent these to a friend of his at the
University of Chicago to have analyzed. They stated that they received a
report and this aprevently this friend hail assed a nompaperman to find out ble
where the rock formations were obtained.
sometime after the first flying diso story had appeared, they received a tele-
gram from Irans-Ocean Press from Chicago wanting infommation on the Ilying
disc fragments.
stated that they had at no time indicated the
rock formations were a part of a flying disc and that Captain!
• and
were not interested in the rock formations and they denied
ziving them to
Tacone, :: chingter
furnished substantially the sane infornation that was obtained from
the
• regarding the anonymcus phone calls which he had
received.
He stated further that the first call he received was on Friday,
August 1, at around 5:30 P.!. At this time the caller stated that the B-25
which crashed at Kelso, Washington was carrying disc fragments and that the
two officers killed were Captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BRO.N, Officers vith
Army A-? Intelligence at Hamilton Field and that the fragnents were top secret
material. He stated the caller indicated that when the Army released the names
of the dead officers it would verify that the information he was furnishing was
correct.
¡stated that the second call he received at ayproximately
Sensity shot WhEn hat he laced an atten ta tel
definitely shot down and that if he contacted Army Intelligence A-2, the man
in charge would not deny it.
astated he thought the man said to con-
tact Colonel!
but it was found out it was Colonel
• who was in charge
of Army Intelligence A-2.
The caller further stated that the Sherifi's Office
had been kept avay from the crash and that no civilians had been allowed near
the plane.
• stated the third call he received at 5:30 F. I., sigust 2,
an! that this tims tid filler slated that one of the son who had keer mistine
with Captiin I
was tiken to aska that day,
further stated that the B-25 was shot down from the air with a 20 m.ri. cannon;
that the Marine plane found recently on It. Rainier had also been snot down;
that Capiain !
lould he taken to wright Field Iuesday morning and that a
United Airlines pilot by the name off
• flew with Captain
•hen they
were shot at over lontana. The caller stated he was leaving for San Francisco
and would be back Tuesday.
and
soch stated that they had made
vry little effort to question the anonymous caller to oitüin his identity as
they felt it was useless and that if they started questioning him he ivild
=6-

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 521, "chars": 3080, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
august 19, 1947
refuse to furnish eny further information.
On August 5, 1947 Special Agent
contacted in the resident agency office, Tacoma, Mashington by
waS
At this time!
basked if the Seattle Office was investigation the crash
of the B-25 and he was informed that no investigation was being conducted by
the Seattle Office.
yat this time related in a rambling story that he 1
had picked up some strange rock formations which he had forwarded to a friendo !
of his in the University of Chicago to have analyzed and that later, in some
manner unknorn to him, these rock formations had been reported as being frag-
ments of a flying disc.
On August 7, 19471
were inter-
viewed at the Tacoma resident agency office.
Both
at first
denied any knowledge of how the rock formations which they had picked up to
have alalyzed became connected with the flying disc stories. Both denied
maising any statement to anyone that these rock fornations were portions of a
disc fragment.
It ras apparent from the start of the interview that and
avere not telling their complete and true connection with the flying
disc story. They refused to give any definite information as to what they said
or had done which caused then to become involved in a flying disc story, but
gave evasive answers and repeatedly stated that they had nothing to do with It
and were at a loss to understand ho they became connected with the flying disc
• fiter considerable questionias, they statea that in the early part oi
June they sent tor
201 thE ZifI-Davis Publishing Company which published
the Fantasy magazine in Chicago and the Venture magazine in Evanston, Illino1s
some rock formations which they had found on laury Island. They stated they
sent these formations, asking
Dato have them analyzed. Ther stated thatb /
Later i
wrote and asked for more samples, advising he had failed to analyze
the samples.
•stated they have never sent any additional samples
and that the next they heard regarding the rock formations which they had sent
was when he called (
hand asked if the rock formations could
have come from a Ilying disc.
stated he made some remark that they possibly
could have come from a flying disc and that he Immediately sat dom and mrote
a letter tor
- which was in the latter part of June in which he stated
the material could have been portions of a flying disc.
claimed that he
• thought he told
over the phone something about being in his boat when
he obtained these rock formations, but stated he could nut recall what he had
Fritten to f
and claimed that he passed the whole thing off as a Joke.
were questioned at longth in an attempt to obtain specific
inforation as to exactly what each one had done with regard to the rock forma-
tions.
However, each stated that the only thing they had done was tell
the formations could have come from a flying dise in view of the fact it appeared
"that's what he manted them to say". No definite Information could be obtained
from either
aas to what each specifically had done to start the
Lying diac story.
The signed statement which was obtained from

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 465, "chars": 2849, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dugust 19, 1947
and in which they admitted the roci formations had no connection with
any flying discs is being forwarded to the Bureau herewith. The statement
bIC
contains no information of vilue and therefore is not being set forth herein.
Regarding the meeting which was held in the linthrop Holel
on Thursday, July 31,
*stated thrt they both ret
there about 1:00 P.
They stated that they all left
room about
3:00 P. we and that
ato Berry's Nirport at Tacona and
flew his plane to beattle where he oicked up Captain
stated that he picked up
it Berry's firport about 5;00
P. I and that
came to
room about 7:00 P.M.
stated that he and I
left about 8:30 P. 4. when he drove
to Seattle
to get his car and that
owent home at this time.
a stated they
returned about 11:30 P. I. at which time the Army Intelligence officers were
• room and that
Left about midnight. He stated thet he
returned tol
roon Friday afternoon for approximately one-hale nour 6 76
from 2:30 to 3:00 P. Me, at which time
were still there anc
neither secmed to be ahle to recall if
August 1.
The best that could be obtained from
took place in
room was to the effect that most of the talk was about
flying, that no one seemed very interested in the rock fornations and that
they had no connection as far as they knew with any flying disc.
stated that
•ianted to obtain pictures of the place where the
rock formations were obtained and that the Army Intelligence officers did nut
appear to be interested in any manner whatever.
operates tlic
willwater Avenue,
washington and
has recently been
working with him buying timber.
They have also been associated with the arbor
ratrol Association at lacoma, Nashington which furnishes patrol and police
tection to parts of the harbor are which are not patrolled by tacoma police b7
or Sheriff's officers.
Army serial number
During the war he was a pilot and ot 1s believed
washington,
presently holds a Reserve Officer's connission as a Captain.
Regarding the B-25 which crashed, killing Captain DAVIDSON
and Lieutenant BRUIN of the 4th Aire Forces, Captain.
Officer, to chora field, advised that this investigation of the crash reflected
an exhaust stack had burnad
out on the left engine which in turn caught the
Left wing afire and that when the lest wing broke off, it also bieke off the d/C
tail. The plane at the time of the crash was carrying Captain DAVIDSUN,
Lieutenant BROIN, the hitch-hiker and a man as Crew Chief to take care of the
airplane.
The Crew Chief and the hitch-hiker parachuted to safety, but Captain
DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BRO.N were killed.
He stated that their investigation
reflected no indication of any sabotage whatever.
A check of the records of the winthrop Hotel at Tacoma,
Washington revealed that
giving his address as
view Drive, Boise, Idaho rented room 502 from July 30 at 7:43 P. W. until
676
- 7-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 398, "chars": 2401, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
b
The following information was obtained by Special Agent
August 12, 1947 with Captain
• United Airlines pilot: It should be noted that
Jhas previously received publicity for having supposedly seen
flyin, disos or similar objects on July 4, last while on a routine United Air-
lines flight out of Boise, Idaho in company with his co-pilot
concerning this incident.
Captain
•states that they took off fron boise, b7C
3:12 F. "!. and headed Morthwest a 300 degrees and ahile still clim' ing
at 5,000 feet, co-pilot
called his atiention to some objects it the
sky ahead of them about ten degrees left which neither one could identify.
estates that he called a CAA radio operator at Ontario, Cregon ind reques-
ted him to step outside his radio shack and see if he could see any of these
objects overhead. The CAt radio operator replied in the negative.
Captain 1
states that he first met
or.
.!ay 5 in the offices of the
where
both were
being
interviewed concerning their sichting of flying discs.
states thrt he
next met
Erbout three weeks ago in Boise, Idaho at which tine le,
was on another flicht through Boise, Idaho and had a ten mipute lay-over there.
In this occasion
was in company of Captain MILLIN" LJ.
DAVIDSC: and
Lieutenant FRANK
BROM, Army Intelligence officers,
next contact with
vas on Thursiay,
Juiy 31, Last when he received a telephone call fron
calling fron Tacola
in the carly afternoon at which time he asked
to cone over to Tacoma and
juin him as he was investigating a flying diso story for "someone back "ast"
and sore fraguents were involved which
might be intorester in seeirg.
b7C
After sone discuscion
irreed to join
in icona and
_old
the vould fly over ind pick him up at Boeing kirgort at 4:00 P.
met
•at Boeing Field at about 4:00 P. M. and they flew to Berry's
airport
at
Tacoma,
Washington where they were met by
The three of them
proceeded in
• car to the Winthrop Hotel where
was occupying
room 502.
ordered something to eat and during this time either
or
called a
and invited him up to the room.
ly this time
states he had Iearned from
"that
were the parti-
cipants in the latest flying dise story anu
-states that his had no
previous
anjintance with either of these men before meeting them in Tacona or this date.
hile in the Hotel Roon
i showed
" letter which he had ruceived froa
dof the Venture Press of Chicago requesting that
investigate
- 8 -

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3306, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
august 19, 1947
the
astory in Tacona.
inforned
at tha; tine that
after receiving this letter he had called
aby telaphone in Chicago
as a result of which call
•had forwarded him $200.00 exponse noney
for covering the story. Shortly thereafter, at about 7:30 F..
irrived at the Hotel room and the discussion began among the four men presen
as to what ‹
had seen on laury Island.
• professed reluc-
tance to tell the story, cloining that several unfortunate inciderto hai
occurred
subsequent to his seeing the flying discs and he believed the entire
incident had brought him bad luck. In this connection he stated that four or
five days subsequent to his sighting the flying discs, a man called at his
home and had a conversation with him the course of which!
a was warned to
forget all about everything he had seen on or near Maury Island. In addition
to that,
stated that his sixteen year old son had run away from home
following
the incident and had been picked up by the police somewhere in
Montana.
After some further discussion
¿finally agreed to tell his story
of the flying disc incident in front of
after eliciting a promise fron
that he would not discuss the matter for at least two weeks.
It should
be noted that
previously told his story to
this point
related the incident sh has alrency beds as con and unici
he alleged had taken place on or about June 23 or 24.
ihile relating the
incidenta
mentioned that he had taken pictures of the flying disc which
he had seen but that the printed films were marred with white spots.
"then
Thad concluded his story,
related that he had gone the following
day to Maury Island to verify what
•had told him concerning the fragnents
and had at this tine picked up several fragments and taker. them wich him.
this time
arelated that he also saw one of the flying dises hovering
over the Island but that it had disappeared into a cloud.
had finished telling their story
told the group that he had airlier in
that evening called Captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BEON, Army Intelligence
officers and that they were on their way to the Hotel room. At this point
protested that he did not wish to tell his story before anyone else and he
was advised by
that if such was the case why didn't he just leave and not
• be there when they arrived.
then left the room and
went downstairs.
departed atone.
• drove ‹
* back to Boeing Fiela
near Seattle where
desired to pick up his oun personal car, which he vid.
they then returned to the llotel where they found Captain DAVIDSON and Ineutenant
3NO.N in room 502 with
" met them at the door aad seened
excited, explaining to
that Captain DAVIDSON had just drawn a reproduction
of a freak disc which had supposedly been seen by a woman in Arizona and that
this drawing vas an exact reproduction of the flying diso which he,.
•, had
seen
several weeks before, nearing Mt. Rainier.
•states that shortly ufter
this
seemed very anxious to tell his and
story to the any offi-
cers.
Before this was done, however,
had a discussion with Lieutenant
infonning him thit they had promised
• not to release the story for
t.› weeks and that if
were allowed to tell the story at this time, Didn'
and DiMSCE must agree not
to release the story for one month.
Folloring tris
agreement,
related
and
his story of the flying discs over laury
=9-

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 514, "chars": 3004, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
Island to BLO? and DAVIDSON.
Followins this recitation,
Lieutenant BROTT,
in ansier to a query fron .
- said that he and Captain RIVIDSON wera of
but that their imediate superiors (presumably i-2 at llamilton Field) did not
agree with them.
they should return that same night to Hanilton Field and they decided that
they would.
All five of the mon then went doun to the lobby where BRN
detached himself from the group and enterad a phone booth to call for 3 Ca
from IcChord Field.
olso left the croup and met BROW outside the phone
booth where they held a short discussion relative to the credibility of!
• story. ERO.N indicated to
that he should attent to find
out if the story was on the level and that BRO.N would call him the following
then proceeded to the front of the Hotel
day regarding this mathrought his car to the front of the Hotel and took fran
at which time
his trunk a hox of the alleged flying disc fragnents picked up on haury Island.
He offered them to BRON and DAVIDSON and when the irmy car arrived from Chord
Field the box of fragments was placed in the car with the officers.
departed alone and
vent i search of something to est and later
roturned to the Hotel for the night.
On Friday morning, Auzust 1, 1947,
received a call
from
informing him that a B-25 had crashed during the night and it was
believed to be the same plane which BRON and DAVIDSON were flying.
this call !
and
Following
came to the Hotel room and from the room
again called icChord Field in an attempt to get infornation about the crash.
took the phone froma
and spoke to a Colonel
• identifying
inself and. asking if the 3-25 which crashed was the only one which had talon
off from IcChord Field the previous night.
Stold him that it was.
Follow.
ing this call (
Sin Chicago and informed hím of the
previous night's conversations and the fact that DAVIDSON and BRO.N were believed
to have been killed.
to discontinue his investigation of
the incident and that he,
was no longer interested.
then took
the phone from
bond asked
if he could shed any light on the
situation.
• reply to
Was•
Fci
67C
lowing these telephone discussions
he identifies as a personal friend of his and are
is and that he called
whom
States that he had previous, made in agreement with
111
Chicago that should he ever run across any flying disc stories which showed
promise of news value, that he would contact
and this call was a result
of that agreement.
Shortly afterward, Colonel
Scalled him from MaChord
Field stating that Hamilton Field had requested that
and
submit their addresses to Hamilton Field for convenience of any in y
investigation of the incident which may be forthcoming. After this call the
four men went to a restaurant for lunch. During the course of this meal
excused himself from the table and attempted to call SAC BOBBITI of the Port-
iand Field Office, Federal Bureau of Investigation with whom he cleins acquain-
Lance.
3OBBITT, however, was unavailable and
was unable to complete the
- 10-

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 532, "chars": 3107, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Aurust 19, 1947
call. After returning to the Hotel room,
a
called
attempting to gain information, but they did not give him any.
later, a lit.
of thed
• called and
spoke to him on the telephone
but refused to give out any Information.
further relates that while
the
four men were in the room at this time, an envelope was shoved under the
door and that he retrieved it from the floor.
states that the appearance
of this envelope secmed to startler
• considerably and that in fact,
turned white as a sheet untill
read the note unsigned which was a connu-
nication to the Hotel advising that a strike of Hotel employees was eminent and
that guests should not expect room and telephone service much longer. Shortly
after this incident-
-left the Hotel room after promising to
take
Nato Maury Island the following morning, (Saturday).
*then vent out for dinner and on their return,
bound a note in
the box requesting him to call a certain telephone number. He did this fran
the hotel room and was answered by
* who requested
ato go out and call him from a pay station.
informed by
•that tro anonymous telephone calls had been received by
him that a discussion regarding flying dices had been takine place in room 502
at the
Winthrop Hotel which involved 4rmy Irtelligence officers.
Fron the
infornation whicha
had received,
was convinced that the anonymous
caller must havo been present at the discussion also, as‹
pwas seemingly
in possession of pertinent remurks which had been made in the room.
states that he did not give
any further information and that in conclu-
sion of the call, he returned to the Hotel room and he and!
retired for.
the night.
On Saturday morning, sugust 2, 1?471
received a tele-
phone call from
in Chicago, but was unable to give hin any
further information.
advised him, hovever, that he would cali him back
at 2:30 that afternoon.
hen called from a coffee shop nuarby and
and
joined
band an unknown man in the Coffee Shop for
breakfast.
The unknown person was discussing some lunber business with
and left after breakfast.
On Leaving the coffee shop,
masked_
about
the negatives of the photographs which he claimed to have taken of the flying
discs.
said the neratíves mere in the glove compartment of his car, but
a search of the instant clove compartment was fruitless.
he four then pro-
ceeded in!
Is car to the dock where they were to embark for haury Island.
the boat, however, could not be starteă and the trip was postponeă until later
in the day.
while at the dock, however,
masked to be shorm the damage
to the boat which had allegedly occurred when the fragments showered down on
saury Island.
•pointed out mnat may have deen repalts to the winashier
and lights on the boat, but
nowas not personally satisfied that these repair
were made as a result of any such incident.
*then drover
• anda
back to the Hotel at approximately 10:45 A. M. and
told then
he would call them later on and that they would go to Haury Island.
On roturn-
ing to the hotel
•called !
pot the Tacoma
Times as a result of which
call he and
met
at the Coffee Shop across tie street from the
= 11 -

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 566, "chars": 3293, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
lugust 19, 1947
winthrop Hotel.
stated that the purpose of this meeting was to try to
find out something more about the anonymous phone calls which
shad told
hin about. He and {
still refused to give out any further information
regarding the Thursday evening conference to!
mand were inforned by
that the
¿was arraid ol being scooped on the story and was going
to print something on that day.
and
then returned to the Hotei
and shortly thereafter received a phone call from
but the call was
cut off by the switchboard operator sinco it was not an emergency call.
then roturned to the ilotel lobby whore thy found a telegran fron
'asking then to call him at either Broudway or Proctor !
sure of the exchange.
called this number, but i
Swas not there.
states that he vent then to the Western Union Telegraph Office and dispatched
a collect telegram to‹
bat the 1
•which contained a
brief resume of the incidents which had occurred and which reovested /
to
wire
a telephone number where ‹
could be reached efter 6:00 %.
states that he has never received an answer to that wire.
Following
this,
states that he and
athat he and !
vere sitting in the
lobby of the Climpic Hotel when
entured and
gave ther wach ü rain of the
Iriest edition of the Tacon Fires which cont. ined a story hinting w*, cubot.
in the crash of the Amy B-25 which killed Captain DAVIDSO!! and Lieuichant BrC...
¿stated that he and
most of the afternoon inasmuch as they were unable to receive calls in the Hotel.
room due to the Hotel enployees' strike. He relates thot he received a call
in the late afternoon from d
4:30
advising him to call
thrt evening
at
as
fund further information regarding the anonymous calls.
Elso
ruceived
i telegran requesting that he call
which he did ei
found
ile refue to cive
any
further information at this time.
Hovever, shortly thereaiter,
calle
from Boise and advised
that the Arny had released a story
through Prigadier
Ceneral SHPAw revealing the confidential assignment which BRO..
and n..VIDSCN
!a.d been engaged on.
In view of this release,
requested I
to anener
one question for him which was, "iere they carrying any alleged dise fragments
on the plane?" and
bunsvered, "Yes, they vere." Folloring this
as per his earlier request and was infomied that
Of the
liac received another anonymous phone call at which tine
¡the veice"
sil th t the inny B-25 carrying Captain DIDSCI and Lieutenant PrC:, had
- heen sli i don with 20 men, sholls and thit the herine plane found cr
i.
Tainier had also heen shot down with 20 m.m. shells. The voice vert on to stiti
that
would be called back to right Field on Tuesday.
isked why he was riving out this infornation the culler replied that. it vias
not for the benefit of the newspapers, but that he vas interested in seeing
thit the information got back to lew Jersey.
The voice also inforned i
at this time that one of the two persons who had been talking to !
and
had now left for Alaska.
As a result of this latter bit of infomatior.
audided to find out if
had left town.
he located
at the
Sunset Meatre and
cane to
Totel and met
and
I ey were unable to locate
try to find out where
by phone ande
-lett saying that.
was and that he would call them tomorrow (Sunday)
and that they would go out to Maury Island at that time. Aiter
left,
- 12 -

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 503, "chars": 2849, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19,
1947
thiem
and took them to
Thore they rowd the
latest press releases and had a discussion with
regarding the anonyt
mous phone calls.
In the course of this discussion
mentioned the
name of Major
• Public Relations Officer at licChord Field as
being one of the officers interested in the investigation.
Following this discussion with
at which
states they still refused to divulge any furier infornation,
returned to the hotel for the night.
ime
and ble
On Sunday morning, August 3, 1947,
appeared at the
Hotel room and told them that he had received a letter
from
which said
in effect.
"Take care of my business.
I'll be out of town for three or four
days."
Shad a letter with him but he did not show it to
jor d
The three men then drove toi
secretary's house in South Tacoma and
picked her up and the four of
then
then went to breakfast on the South Tacans
"ighvey.
and calied Hajord
Tile the four of then then went to breaktist
excused : inself
but teChord Field ind arrarged
appointiers
io meri
hin at the lotel lobb,
at 11:00 4.
They then took
secretary
to be:
home vihere ‹
picked up a typewriter and then drove
They assed him it he was goine to take them to laury tiand a of
day and he replied that he was not. He further stated that ie was sick of the
entire business and that if he was ever contacted by the Anny or the authori ies
he was going to deny ever having seen anything and claim to be
"the biggest liar
that ever lived".
Shortly after returning to the Hotel,
net ilafor
in the lobby and they went in
car to a coffee shop
Couth Tacona
proceeded to tell Major
ed occurred in Tacoma regardina
the
the entire story of the incidents which
and
story since Ii. lsday
afternoon. Following this,
took
duced him to
Land suggested
ajor
back to the Hotel
intro-
to
"that he also tell
major i
the
entire story of what had occurred.
• did 50.
at the fragnents which were still
ajor
alver 100 king
- in
the
room suggested that they drive out vi
the Snelter near Tacoma as he believed the slag at the Smelter would bear a
distinct resemblance to these fragnents.
The three men then drove ti tic
and tire
"lag nas noted to be definitely sin lar to the fragments tic
"tor
and
had loft in the lictel room.
they when rubirned
to the totel room ind
"Hajor
• Left tron,
after pucking their bags,
stook
is berri's
.irport where his plane was parked and thend
drove hinself back io Scattle.
About an hour after his arrival in Seattle, which was
approximately 7:30 I. Mo,
• appeared at
with the newss per containine the desociated Press story which had ordinate 67C
in Boise, dilaho in the boise Statesnan and which was written by !
udmission to him that fragments had been carricd by Lieutenant
Captain DAVIDSU! on the fatal 3-25 flight.
at this tino continicu to
refuse to give any statements for the Press and told
that he in ? placed
- 13 -

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1860, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
all of his information in the hands of the Army.
-stated that a couple
of days later he called.
Dat IcChord Field and asked him if there
was any recent information concerning the incident.
astates that/
informed him that
had not yet been contacted, but that the
Federal Bureau of Investigation was "setting a trap for him".
urther
advises that on Friday, August 8, 1947, he appeared before Lawyer
at the County-City Building, Seattle and made a deposition of the facts relating
to the incidents in Tacoma from Inursday afternoon, July 31, last until Sunday
morning, August 3, last.
A copy of this deposition is now in possession of the writer
and is being forwarded herewith to the Bureau.
It should be noted that this
deposition is in no way as complete as the statement taken by the writer above
and any setting out of this deposition in this communícation would be superfluous.
Copies of this comnunication are being sent to the Butte,
Portlana, San Francisco and Chicago Offices for their information only. Unless
advised by the Bureau to the contrary, instant investigation is considered closed
by this office.
For the information of the Bureau, Captains
Intelligence Officer, McChord Field, Ft. Lewis, washington advised at the weekly
0.N.I.-S.I.D.-F.B.I. Intelligence conference that the Public Relations Officer
at icChord Field had raceived a telephone call from an individual at Amy Air 67
Forces Headquarters at washington, D. C., during which call the Public relations
Officer was requested to obtain a signed statement frond
which
could be published and thus publicly close the matter.
Captain
further
related that he had no additional information in this matter and that he did
not handle it.
Very truly yours,
.CK B. WILCOXO
Special gent Sa Charge
ENCLOSURES
DAM PHL: EK
100-18945
CC - Butte
Portiand
San Francisco
Chicago
- 14-

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 383, "chars": 2092, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATE OF IASHINGTON
COUNTY OF KING
being Ilist duly sworn, on oath, deposes
and says:
This is a narrative statenest as to what took place in
Tacoma from Iburaday, July 31 untll Sunday, August 3.
Thursday I received a telephone oall from Tacoma from a
The gist of this conversation was that he thought
It would be a good idea for no to come to Tacomg and listen to the
b76 story os two san whose names wore
thad net two times previous -- onde on July 5
at the offico of the P.I. In Seattle for a very brief time and the
second time 1d Boise, Idaho liken I was passing through of one of
my trips.
In this conversation withi
bon the phono, I made ti
statement that it would be impossible for me to go over
to Tacoma
due to my going out to sait Lake city the next morning. He said
that he would fiy over from tacona anå pick me up at Boeing Fiola
At 4o clock I met
at the Boeing Ilola and we flew back and landed at Barry a
Airport.
We were picked up at the airport by
vito
drove the two of us into the Winthrop Hotel. We meat up to Room
502 =
put a telephone call into
asked him wourd he come up to the room. A hali hour later
and
• made his appearance. At tais time there weze four man
in the
roOm
asked Mr.
•to relate his story as to what took place o June 24a
NI.
was very hesitant about telling the story to me.
and
mese already avare of the statements that C
had ma
preTIOUB.
no made the atatenent to me that if any statemen
ho would make rolative to his story. It I mould keen it confident
Iot two weeks, that he Ioit darinitely that 1 vould want to forge
the whole thing. I made the statement to sir..
• that as far as
was concerned, I would keep aay statements te made to me confiden
for at least tro weeks.
Hore is (
story: On JUDO 24 (tbis date to be chea
who owns the Harbor
Patrol 1n Tacoma. They -- Ni..
• a Mr.'
• адд ir. !
вод ag 16, were crulsing around Maury Island 100klng for logs th
had broken away from booms.
They were fairly close to shore of
Maury Island when they saw
Iour of five objoots in the sky at an
altitude of approximately 1500 feet. He sald these objeots mero

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 456, "chars": 2557, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page #2
100 Ioet In chameter, circular in shape, and it appeareă that
cuere was a hole in tue center of each as be could see the вку
through this hole. He also mentioned that on the Inside of the
oirole or the hole, that portholes were visible. Their speed was
negligible as they appeared to hover ovor a given spot.
One of
these objects appeared to be la trouble. Another object came
over and appesred to make contact. Alter making this contact for
approximately tro minutes, it rose to its original position.
At this time the objeot that appeared to be in trouble
seened to thron a lot of debrla fron one at the portholes.
These
objoots then disappeared Iron viow.
Some of this debris that
7C 260 kaos 110 tils dories abs, 5 and et and
While this debris was falllog, my boy and di.
got off the boat and hid under some logs.
This debris that Tel
Killed our dog and a nea gull. I asked lir.
what was done wit
the dog. He made the statement they threw the dog into the water.
dils story was tola to Me.
who the next day
went out to this Islanu to check on this story.
He verified tho
bIC
Tact ol the damago to the boat, auso to the tact that there appoa
to be quite a fev pieces oi either rock or metal on the shore. Mr
malso stated that while he nas over there investigatiog on
Maury Island, to also saw a disk. This disk was of the same shape
and contour as the objects explained by fü.
At this point lI.
Polarified for ne as to the reas
he was Investigating this story.
MI.
•statod that he recoir
a lotter from a MI. ‹
"Ivanston, Illinols. The gist of this letter was that Nr.
bIC
received a letter fron Mi.!
band lis..
also a
paokage of these fragnents that were found on Maury Island. Mr.
•also made the statement in the letter that the Chicago
Univorsity Iailed to analyze these Irarments and that would tr. "
-
pleaso investigate the story. Mi.
•was sent a Western Union
check for $200.00 to take care of ang expense that he mient snour
mhilo making this Investigation.
Mr.
›had made a telephone call to Hamilton field t
contact a Captain Davidson and a Ileutenant Brown, who were with
A-2 Intelligenco at Hamiiton Fiela, asking them would they make a
trip to Tacoma to also listen to this story of !
Viben Mt.l
• acquaintod mo with the faot that he had made this
phone call la front of bir.
made the statement that
he would not tell this story.
to anybody In Army Intelligence. I
made the statenont to Mr.
that ii no leit this way, that ne
should not be in
the room mhen these two Intelligence officert
ariited.
• thought this was an excollent idea.

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 428, "chars": 2356, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pago $3
deit the hotel room to
go downstairs as MI.
wanted to got some metal that was in
bIC the back of his car that he had picked up on daury Island, to
bring back to the hotel room. Mr.!
• departed.
At this time I made the statement to Nr.
that I
ahould Like to pick up my car in seattle. Mr. ‹
• drove me to
Booing Tleld, Seattle.
After leaving me at Boeing Field, he drove
baok to Tacoma and I drove my ora car back to lacoma..
After I had
put my oar in the garage at Tacoma, I went up to the Winthrop Hotel
and in the room at that time was Ki. (
», and Capti
davidson Iron Ainy Intelligence, Lioutonant Brown vas downstairs
betting sandwiches and coffee.
unen wibut• brown came baor
the
stories were again related and Ileut. Brown nade a statement that
all the faots of theso stories would be hold in striciest cunfidenr
until roleased by Mr.
After Mr.
only his own story but that of Mr.
• he asked foI the opinion
of both officers as to what they thought. Llout. Brown made the
statement that he would like to obtain some of these fragments to
take back to Hamilton Fleld..
At this time Capt. Davidson and Lieut. Bruwn were dobati
the thought as to whether to stay over aight 1n Tacoma or Leave 1o:
Hamilton Field Imnedlately, as the 8-25 they were Ilying was
supposed to de at Hamilton
Fleld the next day ior the ¿II snoW.
The fire of us then left the botel roon and went down to
the hotel lobby where Hi. C
_made a telephone call to leChord
Field asking then to sand a driver to pick up Capt. Davidson and
himself. Ileut. Browa camo up to me and made tho statement that di
bic
and Capt. Davidson were going back to Hamilton Field and that se
would get in touah with me tomorrow and 1f aftar I had seen the
Pragmonts on Maury Island, It I taußat In my qun mina tat chi
was authentic,
they would
Immediately leave Hamilton Fiold anc
I was to hold this statenent by Liout. Broun ia tha
striotest of confidenoe from the other group of threa
b7c
We thee mont down to the street where bit.
drove
car up in front and took out a box of fragmonts and gave
this box
Davidson and Brown.
While walting for the driver from MoChord Fie
Llout. Brown and I discussed Paolílo operations and things not per
taining to this mi88lolo capto Darason ad diouto Brown departed
approximately 12:45 A.M. Ms.
and I went back to our holo_
room after having a midnigit saacs.

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 422, "chars": 2388, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page #4
Friday the 1st:
At approximately 8 o'clock in the
morning, Mi..
• called up our hotel room and acquainted us
with the fact that the 3-25 bad crashed. Also that he bad called
MoChord Field and from Information he received also verified the
Iact that the two men in the ship were Capt. Davidson and Lieut.
670
Brown, plus a Ilight engineer and a hitch-hiker.
Ibis leit both
Mr.!
Mand myself in a very bad state of concera. Approximate
ly an bour later MI.
• and MI, made their appearanoe in
the hotel room.
I still wasn't sure that this was the same B-25
that the two Intolligence offioers had left in last night.
athen again called MoChord Field and talked to a Colonel
and the fact was verlfled again that the two pllots nato
Davidson and Brown.
Aiter an hour or so bi.
›and hIr. '
• left the
botel room with & plan in mină of the four of us meeting_the ext
That eening (Friday) there was a message Ios Ie to call
this partloular telephone number that was on the message. I calle
this number and was asked by the party to please call them from a
paratation. This party was a M5.
под the-
"I most certainly am doing myself out of a goc
bIC
this paper and giving a a b1v-by bl desceptioa of al tbat ha
taken place in your room since you arrived."
To verits this, ts.
repeated back to me discussions that I felt had only been
taking place in our Ioom.
Jit.
also made the statemont that there was a leak
either from the switchboard operator or our room had been tapped.
I asked Mr.
why he was tipping us off with this Information.
He made the statoment that he didn't mind doing tbis il in return
67 that any intomation that I may lot out would be given to him.
After this conversation mith lI•
• I wont baok to our room and
i mbat took placo on the telephono.
Saturday morning: Mr..
Mana I met li.
: and
" Ior breakfast. lie thou drove out to the boat to go
b7C
to the island.
Tho boat was unserviceable at the time so we went
baok to the hotel. li.
I said that he would oall later on
In the day and lot us know whon the boat would be repaired.
That
mas the last time I saw "I.
Approximately 11 o'olock Saturday morning dr.!
ододей mo and made the statement it woula be impossible ior him 1
67C
квор спів арролостедь wilu wo
We were out off by the switonboat
operator as this was classified as not an emergency call.
reason we were out off was due to a strike in all the Tacome hote

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 288, "chars": 1683, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page #5
called up and sald 11 I would call him at
B:30 that evening, Do would have some additional information Ior
I called ur.!
this anonymous caller had again called a
bat 8:30 that evening. He told ne that
• of tho
• and said that one of the partles that Mr.!
., and
I had come dowa to see was flown to Alaska.
Also he made the stal
ment Mr.!
would be called to wright fleld Tuesday.
This
anonymous caller made the statement to Mi.
•that this B-25
› asked this person calling what bis
WAS ELOE dOWn. PAid anonyaous caller made a statement - "Don't thi
interest was.
I am doing it for trio newspapers.
Al1 I am Interestod In is seali
that this information gets back to New Jersey."
After I finished the conversation with Mr.
over to the United Press and talked with 4r «
and had him
read baok to me the conversatioas that he had had with this
anonymous calleI.
But no opinions at this time were voiced either
by де от HI.
Bunday morning I called a Major.
• of 8-2 tcChord
Field and asked him to meet me at the Winthrop Botel at 11 o"cloc
I met this bajord
yat 1l o'olock and me drove to a small cofs
shop on the Tacoma HIghway where this complete story was related 1
him by me.
He then drove back to the Winthrop Hotel where Major
• was introduced to kI.
aby me and again listened to
• story. HI.
and I departed fIc the Winthrop
Hotel Sunday afternoon at approximately 4: 30•
This is to certify that the foregoing statomant was taki
truth; that the statement was then reduced to writing and signed 1
das of August, 1947.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF I have boreunto set my hand and offl
seal the day and year last abore written.
Notary Pubillo In and tor thos
of washington, Iosiding at sea

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1481, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
august 8, 1947
to
mate the followine foluritary st terort
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
1?17 vc licked ul some strunge juck Iurnations
îre: a gravel fit on haur Island, #ashington. me sort e bor {cicar)
b7C of these sragnents tor
MI Venture Mogazize et Evanston illincis
to have it analyzei.
Iater
aurote and ashed for aditional samles statire trut he toi
DC faileù to have then aralyzed.
Around the later rurt of June a fer days aiter the first dise storíes
bI started
contacteâ us by phone. He tola us not to tell the news-
jarersstout the fragments and he vould lay for an exclusive story if
the Iragents could be from a flying disc.
Une of us told bi: the fragments could have been from e flying disc.
Just after our phone conversation!
•wrote e letter to
setting out soie notes etc. regardine the fragents and
indicating they could have cone from flyine discs.
6.70
The cext thing we beard was about the first of July when ve got e
Irare ucean iress teleCIa fIOn ChiCaGO askiNG DEk about these flyinch !
disc fragments. We told them to forget the entire matter.
The next we heard of these fragments wes when we were called by
Its nest with bin In the sathror Hotel on duly Shal,
We told him exactly how he bad found the fragments and had forwarded then
to
to be abalyzed. b7e
The suore is thu entire and true story as regurds our cornectior vith
tit: 11,111 diso storie, eto. which orleirated over the cre amples which
se sent to be analyzed.
670
B.I seatll 8/7147.

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 369, "chars": 2455, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Mer, i dum. UNITED
GOVERNMENT
то : The Director
DATE: August
14; 1947
1500.
Ta-m
FROM : Mr. D. M. Ladd
SUBJECT:
FLYING DISCS
In connection with your request to be udvised as to the facts
concerning newspaper reports of flying dises in the Fortland areit and the
reported conference of army officials in Portiand concerning flying discs,fiss
the Portland Office has advised thut Leaveritt G. Richards, aviation
Hendon
Penninetor
Kiss candy
editor of the "Oregonian," has stated that Captain William L Duviason
and Lieutenant Fränk i•lErown of the fourtn dil Headquarters, San francisco,
vera in Portland on July 21, 1941. While in Portland they interviewed Dick
-Jankin, an experienced pilot, who had reported that he observed, on June It,
a lomation of ten flying disos over Bakersfield, California.
Richards added
that Davidson and Brown had also interviewed the following four experienced
pilots who were anong tre first,
to report seeing discs, Kennetharnold, businessnar
fron Boise, Idaho; Captain E. JoYsmith, a co-pilot; Ralph Stevens, United Airlines
and DuvetJohnson,
aviation editor, Idaho"Statesnan." In order to deternine the
purpose of tiese interviews fichards contacted major General Twining of wright Field
Ohio, and fron him gained the impression that the AF instituted this investigation
to wash out the diso reports since they are definitely not of Alf origin.
On Friday, August 1, the plane in which AAF investigutors, Captain
Davidson and Lieutenant Brown, were flyins, crashed at Kelso, Hashington and both
were killed.
The wreckage was screened by AAF Intelligence from McChord Field.
The "Tacoma News Iribune" and through them tre United Press put out a story that
the pline was carrying parts of a dise wich had struck a boat owed by rarold
Dahl and Fred Chrisnan.
It has also been inferred that this plane was sabotaged
to prevent these diso purts from being examined.
SI-TUS
Investigation by the Bureau has roflected that this plane was iefinitely
not carrying parts of a diso and there appears to be no substantiation of a subotage
charge.
For your further informition there is attuched a blind menorandum setting
forth in more detail the results of the investigation surrounding the above plune
No further inquiry is being nade in this matter.
crush.
ACTION
gation.
Air Force Intelligence has been advised of the results of our investi-
stanis 1 62-83-894-105
INDEXEI
31
PCT: miP
MIES DESTROYED
270 NOV 181904
102
$X-81

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2397, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 14, 1947
FLYING DISCS
The "Tacona Nems Tribune" and through them the United Press put out
a story that an anny plane which was allegedly carrying parts of a disc which
had struck a boat owned by Harold Dahl and Fred Chrisman had crashed on dugust
I, 1941, killing two Air Force Intelligence officers who were interviewing
persons sho were alleged to have seen Ilying discs.
and
when interviered by Bureau Agents,
advised in a signed staverent on sugust 7, 1947, that in the early part of June,
1947, they picked up some strange rock fomations Iron a gravel pit on ilauri
Island, Mashington./ They sent a cirar box of these formutions to onel
pof the
›aná also ‹
→ of the
in Chicago, Illinois. According to them they requested !
to make only a chemical analysis of the rock formations.
asking for adultional samples stating be bad been unable to anzlyze the materiano le
remirked that a fer days after the Ilying dise stories appeared
during the latter part of June,
contacted them by telephone saying he mould
pay for an exclusive story ii the materials they had sent him more fragments oi
a flying disc.
¿said he trotel
•a letter in which he represented the
naterial as being a part of a flying disc, and both
and
admitted
that this statement ras entirely false.
and
_then received a call Iran one
of
Boise, Idaho wio requested them to meet him at the hinthrop Rotal in Tacona on
July 31, 1947. According to then!
•called In aruy intelligence officers
from Hamilton Field, California and one Captain
ence declinesh 70
of Seattle, Hashington to attend this meeting.
and
•maintained
they told the intelligence officers Captain Davidson, Ileuterunt Brom,
exactly how they got the rock formations and that they
had no connection with any flying diacs.
• stated that they then
furnished some of the rock foration to the intelligence officers as sanples.
Captain Davidson and Lieutenant Brown Left Tacona, Mashington 1n a B-25
to return to Hamilton Field, California about 2:30 A.u, August 1, 1947, and were
• killed when their plane crashed at Kelso, Washington, after the left engine
burned out an exhaust stack which in turn caucht the left wing on fire which caused
it to break off. The cron chiel and ouch officer parachuted to safety.
Jat Tacona advised that tro or
threg days after the flying dise story started he contacted
to check the story
I CLOSURE
COPIES DESTROYED
-270
NOV 18 1964

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 172, "chars": 1060, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Har
Hashington, to the
effect that
•admitted to
"that the entire story mas false.
Had some Aylng dise Sragents b7C
Relative tol
stated that he was paid by
and possibly the
to Tasm and obtait a atory iron then feurdins the yang disc fragents.
no come ble
On July 31 and duyust I, a total of five anonymous calls were
received by a l
civing informatson regarding the meetine at the Ninthrop Hotel over the die 7e
fragments and stating that the B-25 had been shot dow or sabotaged which
killed Captain Davidson and Lieutenant Brom, inferring that this was done
because the intelligence officers were carrying disc fragments in their plane.
astated that these calls could only have cone from
who, they stated, had a friend on the Chicago
pines and was possibly selling the story to the chicago Times through aris b 74
denied maicing these calls.
upon Interyier, stated that, reporter!
Of the Iacon '
Tires and
in Tacoma had inforned him that
had several anonymous calls and from the accuracy of the inforration b70
transmittedi
• believes they were mide by either

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 1082, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ir.t
25014
ir. Nict.s
ir. losca
r. Lat
• Car. "1
Pus. sort
FBI BUTTE
8-15-47
5-45 PM
VGW
DIRECTOR, FBI
URGENT
FLYING DISCS• ON INSTANT DATE
OF TWIN FALLS, IDAHO
INFORMED LOCAL NEWSPAPER THAT COMMUNITY THAT AT ONE PM ON WEDNESDAY
LAST, AUGUST THIRTEEN, HE AND TWO SONS BILLIE, AGE TEN, KEITH, ARXXX
AGE EIGHT, SAW AN OBJECT NINE MILES NORTHWEST OF IWIN FALLS, RE-
SEMELING FLYING DISC.
STATED IHIS OBJECT WAS PROCEEDING EXXX
DOWN SALMON RIVER AT TERRIFIC SPEED ESTIMATED BY HIM AT ONE THOUSAND•
MILES PER HOUR.
AND SONS DESCRIBED OBJECT TO NEWSPAPERS AS
TWENTY FEET LONG, TEN FEET WIDE AND
TEN FEET THICK, LIGHT SKY BLUE C
IN COLOR AND ALSO OBSERVED FLAMES EMANATING FROM SIDES OF OBJECT•
AT TIME
AND SONS SAW OBJECT THEY ALL HEARD LOUD SWISH WHEN
OBJECT DISAPPEARED FRIM SIGHT. CURRENT EFFORTS BEING MADE TC INTER-
VIEW
AND SONS PURSUANT TO BUREAU BULLETIN FORTY TWO, SUB DIVISION
B,
DATED JULY THIRTY NINETEEN FORTY SEVEN. BUREAU WILL BE PROMPTLY,
AND FULLY INFORMED OF ALL PERTINENT DEVELOPMENTS.
BANISTER ji
hi::
END
46. 5.;
PLS ACK AND HOLD
** 04 194;
5 4*
7-48 PM OK FBI WA BW

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 380, "chars": 2348, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ETANDARD, L..- NO. 84
Office Memo
"ll • UNITED SI
IOVERNMENT
TO
:
Direotor,
FBI
DATE:
7-29-47
FROM :
SAC, Boston
SUBJECT:
METAL, FRAGMENTS OBSERVED AI WEST RINDGE, NEW HAMPSHIRE, JULY 7, 1947
SECURITY MATTER (X)
Referenoo is made to Boston teletype to the Bureau datod July 18, 1947.
Dean
the original infornant, has advisad that a spootographio
examination has been oomploted of the metal partiolas referred to. They mera
high degree of heat. The heat caused scales to be formed on the cast iron
dotarained to be of ordinary coat iron which had been subjected to a very bl
which were originally thought to be of some metallio alloy.
The scientist oxamining the partioles conoluded that if they had come through
the air from any great altitude in as small piecos as they wera found then
nost of the heat would have been taken from them by the time they reached
the ground and fires would not have resulted, It is noted they landed
approximatoly 700 feet from & railroad traok and inquiries wero conduoted by
MIT to deternine whether or not the particles could havo been originally a
part of a liner in a snoke staok or some othor part of the steam engino.
Thoso
inquiries resuited in positivo intormation that the partiolos dia not oomo 1rоu
a train or looomotivo.
Measurements of the lour pieces examinea rovealed
that they had most likoly been originally all part of one hollow oylinder,
eight inohes in diameter and three sixteenths of an inch in thiolness. It
was felt that one piece falling from a great height would have atill retainod
a good part of its heat and probably would have smashed when it hit the ground.
A soientist, whom
•did not identify by name, recalled that cast
iron oylindera of similar measurements had been usad in Now Maxico on
research work on a guided missile projoot.
However, this watientified adoret
did not so conclude to the exolusion of all other possibilities.
If is intorosting to note that the examination at at was notually conducted
in all major details to that supplied by
above. The men at HIT
examination is being conduoted by MIT and no effort is being mado ta-
reconstruot the original cylinder.
Unlass advised to the contrary by dugust 15, 1947 the Boston office will
dostroy theso speoimens.
In the intorin they will be transmitted to tho
Bureau on speoifio Bureau instruotiona.
103
iP INPROTE
5X:64

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 107, "chars": 671, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It is notod that the original boston teletype refleotod that this inquiry
was being troated as "seorot" matter at MIT.
uhas advised that
the comparatively small number of researob soientists at IT during the sunner
ara all cognizant of the incident and tho resulta of the researoh.
no publiaity has bean piusn and it is not anticipatad that any mill resulte bIC
The bureau's interest is not known to the scientists at MIT.
no speoulation that a guided missile originating in a foreigo land landed
in New Hampshiro.
As indicatod above, unloss the Bureau requests spocifioally further investigative
action, this caso 1s being olosed in the Boston Office.
BSG ind
100-20698

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 565, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Mer. edum. UNITED O
GOVERNMENT
TO
: Director, FBI
HAFROM: SAC, San Francisco
Atten: Assistant Director D. M. LADD
SUBJECT: REPORTS OF FLYING DISCS.
DATE: September 4, 1937
AIRMA IL
Enclosed for vour information are copies of two letters
Irom It. Col.
dated August 21, 1947, with attachments reporting the sighting of
B OF A-2, Hamilton Fiold, Californab 7C
"Ilying discs" on Guam, and result of A-2 Investigation at Tacoma
and Kelso, Washington.
DWK: MR
62-2938
In hajin
mia put
I KI: 0000
• PIES 1• TROT ED
AUX 1ö 1004
10137
REOORDED
EX-37
35 SEP 2104?
344

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 596, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AZADQUARTERE YOURTILIR POROE;
fur of stift:
tantiton
plotar delicorala
MYDA
88860/180031
27 August 1847!
62-3937
Bobo to tire bidi
701
Speol
Agoni
Federal orride
in charco, FI, ups.
Dopartront of Justice,
Bustains,
room 422, san tranoisco,
Californin.
Folla
int
soreot frot
* the Moorly Intolligoncs
Summary,
inóhington 16) Do Cói.
dated 20 August 1947,
Bond
bh they doto
mandontissed thylne objoots haro
¡enlisted men of the 147th Afra
Hoo Squadron at Harmon Piold,
1040 hours on 14 Augurt 1947 the
More me ides paped andr
titorty direotion at at approzi.
ni
Oł'm
SONAL LS CASTORE
62-83-894-702

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 56, "chars": 452, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(-
HEALQUARCCRS IRAN AIR TORCE
oftice of the Aeriatral Chief of staff, 1-2
Intelligrnoe
Inmilten Field, Californin
27 August 1947
333.5/1208-1
NECEs Investigrtion of ilrinr risco
TO:
Special Aren; in Charco, FBI, U. i. Department of Justioo,
Federn Off!: Buildin,
Room 1??. San Francisoo, California.
Attacher su cry forword l for ynur
information.
1 Incl:
Sumarry of Information.
DONALD I SPRIJIGER
to Colonel, GSC
"C of 5, A -2
iint
AUG 30 1947
*44+

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 51, "chars": 409, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.....
!'D"A!N: i:':
AI TORGU
origg er dr Asin! ! "l nf Sterf, A-
Intelli: i
Honfltnn Firdd, Enlifornia
AAPUA
333-5/1209-]
2° August 1947
3!3 CTs
IO:
Invegtir lien of F)!!"r
:i3c.
ipeolal 'cont in Charge, FBI r 9. Devartment of Juottoo,
Seattle, washingten.
Attached surrery inp mp: for gour informatien.
WN,82L"
I IicI:
Gummary of Infor «tini»
DOTALD I• SPRITGER
do Coronel,
GSC
i ors l-i
:1947
"2591 %
pange

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2287, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COPT
AI! RESCUE SLAYICE
DETACIRITKI B (EZA NAF 80)
Mochora Flola, Tacona, Tearington
€ August 1:17
SUSJECT: Final Miralor Roport
TO:
Commanding Officer
Air Rescuo Sorrioo
1a0D1ll Flode, Morida
2o XISSION NUMBER Thirtz-rius.
%, FATURE.
At CA00 IST, 1 August 47, AFlY FUGHT SEEVICT, rotissed this
cotachmont that a plane und boon soon to orach and bura thirtoon (13) Illos
south of XELlo, Rashineton (4608'N, 282°55 i).
So ACTION TAKEN
1 RuE, 47o 18 0AI50 PSI, ANS roociToi Issomation fre: Is. Do
Co Flark, loonlishories ci RELin, Maste, that the secto of the crash gus
flitoon (15) to trenty (El) riles east of tilsi in the rioinit di SOLLE
CRETE.
the Kali) Chies o" Polico ees en elrornft fly low orci the town,
the orcai and burn to this unsto the tiro mas about 023i lot 1 ciook of
alrorart knues to bo in the rloinity revorled that 3o25 il3iG hac coparted
MCCLED FIELD at 0212 PSI SET MAMILTON PIELD, Colliornia.
The manütor ras
reportad as Ciro 1 Jull noon sado vinibility excontionally 1o0do The
pilot'o naDO Tas GAFI. E, Co DIVIDSOI, the plano carríed tireo (J) Moditional
portirita
Ike Beso Operationa Officor and Bane PIO vare notifinda Ihia
cotaohrent began organieing a ground party of baso personnel to supploner.t
that beire forsod by the XElso Chios of Polloo, It 0500 PSI inforration
mus TocolTed Trom KALSO by Als that ground for in the rally. di Lio s00:o
of tlio areah tas preventin! a frnund party from loostia, tis planto since
no communication had boor rocalved fros 8-25 F1316, 1t was assured thet it
nas tle plano roported as orenhodo ARS C-67 was pre-flichtad to tresoporti
the inny proud perty to FELSO but a obook of the field conditiors thero
coonod It adricablo to uno a srallor alroraito Of tho tro Golds evallabde,
one bolorfiar, to 1i3 wan unsorriood after a rileht Illahts the othor, belong-
Ine to MCs, was roadled aron thouch a rosponeible officer of that orran-
iration too rot presort to authoriso tro flight.
For, at hsiso prove tod
take-cil untll 0700 PST.
Tho ground party, Iod by Calia fo ... LITTYELL Gid
CAPT. I. R. FORBS, conalated of eix men Inoludine e nodical tactnielan
and a photorrapher.
At 0000 PSI, the siiso Gilos of Polloo notified his
that a passangor of the orashod airplana nas in his offlea erd had confiniad
RICLESHE
CONEIDENTIAL

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 621, "chars": 3618, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
susfuot, Final (Janion Report
& AuTust 1547
The belles that the crash was that of the unreported i-25, ino iaseerger,
sito to Lo IRF?, Of FI. INION, "TILE, nas uninfurod, but roportod trat
the orer obser, I/Sito in Do MATils, was at a fara house near the aooro of
the arist and reo infurad, Ssto TAPP then led an nabulanon to it. KATTITS
"ho was aubroquently taken to a loedl hospital, At 0610 PiT ds attorpt
mas mado to telophono sq, 3 at TAMILION FIELI but no anaror mas reciteds
horeror, it mas koown that UNILIC, AFS was awaro of the inoidort end
would notify sq. Bo At 070u PST Capto LITTRILi dopartod in a C-15 Sor
NELSO, A$ 0746 PST 5ą 3 ana contaoted by phono aná giron a flual roport.
At ODOR T3T CAPT LITTELL phonod ard informed that to hnd placed CAPENIN
rOnsuERO in ohargo oi hrey porsonno proccodine to the soone of the orasho
No sorlal search was nocassary do oitiliens in the aros knew the exaot
location of tho crash ard had reportad finding one (I) body in the wrookago.
GARI. LITTRELL propered to fly Sat'a TAli erd VATIES to HUCHORD FIELD
for bodionl attontion, arriving at 0945 P3I. The survivore sleted that
they bollered salthor the pilot nor oo-pilot has parachutad fron the
plene. the cruso of the incidont man at this 1ire doloralned to bo a siro
in the left engito.
CAl'i fittil nas Infortea ay Sut. IiFF tint lie
bolieved olassified doourents lad boor aboard the planes Chit!?. JHLAG
was inatruatsd to tako moosesary procrutíona.
in arbulenos ar! tlo plube
at LECHORD Field oarrying tin tho survivars end took thes to the hospitar.
Interes etion revorled that the loit angine red caurit tiro lu the power
section and flanus und sioto lied sprcau to the filght dook almost lamod-
latolya
The ores dilos, HAtrErs, nositiod IAPT la atteolla?, tis orcat
pade ned irs abarscaod the piano at ar catioatoa altitudo or 1u,000 it
(thin faot la cosutal but la not corsivored noconsurily rolavari,.
Matis holpod lin pllot and oo-pilot attaot thoir ciost paclia (s.l1 per-
Borrol pnd loan maaring, the hartoas) and as ho frit the plena ves avare that
the go pllot var proparing to follora The pilot lind atartod io loave anú,
to tlie boat roosilootioni of l'ATHENS, mas partially standing aid holilne
the entrol whool with his loft hand. MAInEn's atatosents Inülento that
proper arergeros proofuros had boon porforaod but that the flaros had en-
rolaned the antiro Isft aide alsost lorodiatory.
TAPy stated this, becauso
of the sull noon and good rindbllity, he pan LATKENS leave the plane ard
mas able to follos the plone to the grouni and that ho sna no one oldo
ball out.
The ahip sas suvaloped is finion and raw seginain, to itll anart
beinto hlttins the pround mioro it explodod and burned about one (2) milo
from mtoro lie, IAFT, Landodo no ilt is e troo, and not knotiat hor to
ralordo his parnohuto or the quick cotaotablo kind, out 11n30l5 lacso fros
tho harross vith tie pooket knifo, to kioked ard strutilod erd erertually
Jurmed to the ground, roceivirg a jolt on inpaot sut nas unallo io puess
hom for he had fallen. lo then followod e oom path for en estinatod tro
(2) Mil:o to a farm hours, arrivine ester HAT:!. Korarhile, Ra MAtiris
oleared the plano ho turned ard dan the pinno striko the srourd, explodo
and burn. Just before or guat at thie timo of lapact ho enr: er: obirot
afire threnn olear of the plane but did tot knos siothar it rio e percun
or part of the piere.
¡Athliis alan 111 in a trio, and artor iraring hizeal!
fron his lurness, sell to to zround miero ha figurad lils bacho ie lost
consolouenosa snu on roooraring mont to the burains plane, about ility
CONFIDE
INTIAL

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 3029, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
subjoots Finall/e
'on Report
4 August 1847
(50) yards away.
Flares naro folrr off ani he thought boot to loave the
Booze a
le heard a atrena nearby ind follomaú it until ho ario to a houro and
aroused tlie cocupants, Soon Inti arrived at tho sara houso and, being un-
Injured, tan drires iato toso then ho lod an asbulaico to assoct transporta-
tIon of KATHEns to a Lospital, leanwhile, olvilinas rononed the score of
the arash whore thay found one body.
At 0930 PSi, a cossage from 5a d
incorred that top sacrot antorial vas lo the narigotora kit aid to request
commanding fificor MACHOED FilLo to axpoúlto nll arallablo infornation to
Comandire isticor HAVIOr FIrLD deanellle, CADI POUSSERO and Sour (4)
enlisted In Soparted AruSO et 0930 PST for goose of the crasio inos moro
traceportoi be tho MBINGI SIATE FOLICE who kiss the uraot location of
tro pInrm (4600)!" = 122043'1). The ground party dotarained upon arrival
at tho sonio, that tro (2) bedlos mero ir the treckago, Indications lad to
the belie? that the oo-pilot was nitro when to loft the pinse an iristant
barora improto Ilu pllo!'s reraira sere found la the wroctaco.
Pros
liatrary Intostization by CADI PORSBERG Claclosed tha planes left slag
about one hundred tronty-firo (125) yards fros the aldoly acristorad port-
tions of the place.
îh lois win; mas intres sad tin egure ill, tort
i.. israri ortion
of ths wins slat was noltod but tho rur two thirda Inüloetai "nt it and.
rippaú lo,%a frea iss Intoard secile: if the virio the vl:: Inaulric odso
The nastiation ana larilae liitte tira wibrokon. Ino
ailoron was undanaged but the flap destion mas orushed, ieadin to the
belles that the riix atruck the tall sootion. Fros those Indleations
it la Dollared the wire rippod fros tho alrplano Just astor lATTs
abandoned the pisco.
The rosaltine, spin thus provostes the remaining
orex rombers fron balling out mithough the co pllet rey tero boo? in tie
bateho i tex civillara mero in the arce mhes CrT FORSDERO arrired
and he took pressutione to prevent then from disturbire, the srooraço.
At 1257 POT DESI LITTALL PION CAPT RICH, 1. GO, tO KELSO.
An aabularoo
dispotobed Iron NCCHORD PIELD, not thes at KILSO, and mas lod to tire soone
of the great by the STATE POLICE.
The bodies were gogovered and trang-
ported in the arbulence to YCCHORD PIELD. CAPT LITTRILL roturnod to
ACCHORD FIELD whore camping aquipment mao propered to to droppad to the
ground party. CAPT LITIRELL, undo a suocessiul drop at dunk by asphtine
on a signal fire, the ground party set up camp at tro mrackaro acere to
not is ruera aná to invontigeto furthor tha foilowing dry.
itey rare
rellerad of resporalbllity of ell recovored docusonta by a CIC agort abo
had arrived about 1800 PSI.
bo 2 sur 47. The grounú party ronairod at the econo of the orass
pandia! citiolal soourias of the inoldonto lio aorlal astirity.
Do 3 AU: 17. MOCIURD FIRID Oporntions Officer departud at 1000
PiT to investigato tha nooldort and to rolloro CAl'I Vorsuri, sha ratursed
et 1630 PSI.
Inoldent ologede
COD

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 619, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COPY
subgoots Final l'lexion Raport
& hugust 1097
.5o STATISTICAL SUMIARY
BO TROUTE ACTIVITT
(2) Total san houro by AR$ Personrol la field
72
(2) Total zan houra by othur Aray Porgooral
(ootlreto)
(3) Sotal man houra by esvillar porsonnal (osti) 160
(1, los of ralos distor by Ariy leideler
300
503
(1) Total io. al surtles Slom
(2) Total hours fionn by Aray alreruit
o. LOCAL PURCRASES
(1) !oro
3
co. COLAIETE
de Cooperarion recaired fron all astillan arenal-s concornad
mas oroploto and axcallent.
To RECOMUORDATIDIS
-
ROBERI HO HASONISI!5
Captain, 1ir Corna
costandio; usticor
1 1:011
101h0:ohrapho
CONFIDEN
amattat

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1374, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
artico os the curiotast calos os srasta ut
intelllimen
Tarditos Melo, Callforasa
Trze Dorartlpatdos df Misins DIso INTENTGAraN sADs es Ladece And Telase Marida
1490270851
DATz.
28 hagan 2069
PERIOD COTERIO -
Слях алекосьтют .
ErATTe Of CAIt ...
taroa y
rosaroboo det da duca fta y de dia tilo dasdaill, dasjo domestigatlar ai
= la daly 67a
vary vised Insorsasion on tha S27iag elea.
of the Idaba
6..
bol the instel dir 11588,
¿ [
4:..
padilo tosormation offsonr, tochore Tholde bys
= Pedado
Magee
Acadar portala dào parulso al tho separtigasson do
officar fran tis rotas.
bb
varo nol arelladio dor interrion viido Unlo efsioar
mas la shas arta, aitsous, erary estort vas rado to contaos esas.
parthor isrartipatios of tilo partioulas fooident toro dort vith teo Aracy.
Masidont daras, JaI, Tacona, Maarlactoru
Is sas apparaos fres sranzepar alspringo, belepbose callo to lisa artioor.
araratlons viti bajor bandar, diet a Dultad prosa corrospondant, of the Javan
Tinas, tas sustratorsal la Kenpine dida paro aiste, Diso offioes and Halor Sastan
alibouis pastad nary tione da the pross, dil sos eloouas shis mattar uen the pron
-curla sha parlas el sblo raporto
Tra asoaymoue ayatory pallor do Dasoma ooole panelbly to
Сость
Arzono:
AD0
Hод9ы
Dos 68b ATW
ac of
sas, sostado
Pa, en resiS 12-8151:162
dit Alt
HESTIGANO.
$II€
AUG 30 1917
=
BAN FRANCES
asym
jairairçan
arianares

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2429, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CI-RI #oport
STERILSE
la Purine d'a aptreinon of 51 Mily 17,
¡ano lilly statern, selephoned lt Proms, CIC ubmelnonari Cormandar at Jean"
quarters Fourth ily foror, ent statol in muontanner
That ha, Aranie, and capt dadsh
tad arrivad in inorin to inpostigato the purportoo flyine dino explosion en a eury
fade orarg on 2l dine 47.
Inde grosatletion wes renuosted and fineroed by a
ina frologuro a and Inalogura 8o tho el gnatara to Ioolorare
In flint of the
former tony
Air toron offiter and fron ail indientiona la a very patriotio
in the recalot of ireloniro & at l'eadquartere Fourth hir force, thie offler
tho inn iranoiser fil office to annot tro Chicago Yul Offioo for
¿anturo irena.
Ile roturn aromar, by bodcphone, was to the affoot shas the thi
indiran of the
Ent, so chirege roller, did Cradle tirenu had to rooore and
or lie Feitors fross.
It itin and cept invidion arrived at herhord firld durins the artester
of 8l ately d7a
lies ahanges iron their unifores to elvilian odothirs in the alret
"na, on leirs querien dy operations no to my they staired transportation to t
they ropiled tha; mers te srito a moatha
17015 "OTe
47, 8.3j9
livestigation of ilyias lino.
Iroom Ilsee recaltay an anongaves folephono call that
In to linthrop intal tor tie purpora of conductine an enrontigation on the shytar
ui86o
The Secone 31'4s cented and found thee de be touse e310h 50
It Tramn and copt inviaoon did Interyion
In a hotel roof in the Minthrop Intel, Incors, Kasho, In the preconso oft
Il rates taro inter of this ennvoreation, they toro dar
etroses in die pirateri profanta
rotatad to Major bardot that L$ Brom
abtetson fro+
untilon ol en unidentifiou QubEtanDo that sAro
1i0n:{0n1 64 th50
appent in
in inalorisen a to lo the armpso piotured de Inosonaroo
§ to 7 paro later by
fron tie are ber that d
an! from #ten to
pracis eirrait, upon bain, friarrogated ly thie offiner, alndod that do plaose a
rost: caribrard enrter 11
ele reer ent part unt of the ilis that oranado
Bo 614 mal
Look in the box cor last any comminte fro l0 froom or caps tarldson au to ste
tantr.
do the inlinring, eimariasa mini ann raiated di
Conster me tin thin
auralason of the in'ertoçation by Lo Mroma
and Caro do
irat an fl in 47
na proceadtor; noutin of shury Island di
trato
Viro flyti
on o trum nut of 'he oloude and ciroled nioray i
Troun
Ple dropper: on ma railmated aloraties of 500 soote
Thogs all noe appeared
V.D., P.M. G. Pert No. 110

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2721, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CI. RI Report
rlaitered almiler lo a derleted autorabile finertube, They vero Judged byl
be a'pritiantol, 100 frit
corres alth a su leot openine in the santoro
eire o" the alfast lad pound portholan and bin Inner riu; had aquare virona ory
partiniod.
The disse waro of lent and from dis plespoint ho gould dos no sonus al
propulatono
tre of thiso diere eppenred to fritor and anver du tibe alr, anothen
then aforepentioned fire dinge dropped dorn oloss to the diso that appeared tu
maver and bumpod lt, dimplie "torio" of the abutt no piotured in inolorsto & to
or his brats.
_hooting nst the handral!
horn, and generally donaging the beat
cha extent of 120000, a1 tellite
AT I; MI
Tile officer, in tha cimpany of lafor fontes, hoardad the erarem
Bored bred minra It ma docked in the lean burbor on B lag 4%a A band mast
mineiro tut fo aros
«here tie lanû rail ina proviousiy fantoned iná Dean paisaa
over mill, saporal evats of print and ans brasked by the meathere The dook and root
60 1b
Fin of a vary
annatriotion and the anita further had alana co
front
and eldaro it li lila effiger'a optrilen that 1i any of the objecto prostatod
ns an ples of tis retired dropped dy the flyink dian hed hit thia boat
net aptry to parlace the foradock Atil the dabir road
thees tro areas ser ar: henril, conted fith erroral denta of paint and bad
weatior oracks that poul: taro arporn! anarons lo noguiro.
b
#15
oridenil: shelter the aron at
nury Island to diot
to in appoend in taro pister that he four's the reterdal they ho proton
ted to
Bront asl lept lariinor.
send ple nens where the Snoldent the expposed to
acerrredo Ihilo to,
, var at the noono st tin Isoldont, a flyine disa
arte! the elody and bot
Lyin a alrilar manner as the ones provlously beneral
A MI"31183
Tie alties dion on tro orenziens, in broad daylight, of as abgand se
large and alperly ring"le altiin gerarel milos al the elty of Inoone aortainly should
here loan
seen end repurtid en by ether shan
• fia, zapapers on and aftoo 8l runo and no neation enuld do found of a ryatardo
erfec: appaartie orar 1hr Tadore barbor,
pompose, see a perple of the blonto has to pore no loo
anion a son at to platty of cince for a mie
roarto: " hars not reoulted the analyais seporto
17719"*;:.
it to prosible that d'o
freddont around tita
rarerusoo taolodura 2 AMA
intrerassy at chionçoo
The Irterrogatin ef
offers an orlater about desh ot
*ridson returned to tachord flale and progan
tor a rent ellie
to
landitor Findio
Ihr meat! or me aloar with a bricht soon ?!
They inpartal eproxindoly 0100 ioura and arenied at appronimitais to
Anuro en 1 Aucret 214%, (leo Inolaeir B).
in a daress e7.
• Faloend hirera of irtuatiention, asserato
V. D.. P.M. G. POID NO. 110
matter

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1649, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CIRI f'eport
AL
b
6
controt either
"thart gucoona.
departer the irrera
47a tir furo, else officer old not hari
opportunity or perversing vith tien direatiy.
A proord abert asa rade by telophone by
Brady with tha toettin
told perioo, FAI, for rosarila a
ana meretires
Mie Goattlo FBI Indone Incloated tint a Eurold Dart had been clanged
with tom sholdents of biddend wearira of the uniiorn and one with theft of dutional
propertyo Is coul i met la detarinad do lie tim sather tarold ho lati, the quafood
is quostion, ail prodd iail ar lna Pil Anciera, eno aro end tho aara f
her trilontad to
Soner clear 9ps and hold end sion as Capta do did i da date mat
7 13 21358145 47
ella rificer atgeted the racorda of the 4058a All.
as rectatored with tine lanorto last an
CADEnIM,
#ith real lance at
PrITATI
130 2011 eid 1063.
aunto of manlon, and proolmarty had bens en oll toolnsolan with aba taina pardet
Ral long.
antored lho marvino lo lul? an an enlintad ran ané derred au QuOd
for suretitoon fratine
Is 1915 he man nominalored on kraluation fras flytoe babood
"check of the Teensa elty dirertary ma
earle 04
ahior Indlensed his hate eat ot
1, 80L09
address une liated na
toloplorai
BI JOIN KIATIONI
Tins to furt' er tarant ention de uniortatin on thia aparisto thaldont yo
Ary dis fores at enter to
Mina in dies of the roportid atalmunte to "ro erieran, thet coneldaratho
bi eltan to ray in liás
Ale Innerse enratarion nud flying, eratua er en andersrebte!
and unreliant, iffiner.
& Inclot
Protosinto ltr sy
Protontali, telegrass ir
to lo Fairerapha, initentlled subalance,
FInAl MIrer» Toport, 11r Manouo Serton.
V.D., P.M. G. POIS No. 110
rowi
Ai y

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 172, "chars": 1002, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VENTURE
ESS
BEASSONKILLNOIS
July 220. 1947
¡Bolsoy Idaho ya
bear trt
pusto obibusty Jou have bebn bbed
do duch
corget
:thếi
flying Bauoors--but
Tid älte
like
you'd
11ke to
to
have your
personal story.
your photo:
isked börofar
ot yout
plane; oto as 1.
cherot more to thin thin the comspapors and the coxperts•
hato bade br.lt.
nolided ths urtitld I have another propooition, Yuu seen
to
fot arollad quitea bitland lt you ban naka d trip to Tacore;
washiogtod at ilt ross ble, ld bo millag to pay oxpenses
olus e oldt amouit to nake t wrth yout wale.
Ha statida racond apa
Fera
unnos of the
'and too öther soamon, ch a
batrol åeaf biriy islanti ölt racona, bin sir disesi ono in
Üdüb1ü
dadshed
Oltadased ah otplosi8g, dan rallitig stuss ahtoh
thalf whöethoust and sbatohlight aad leoded on the
beach.:
äbâiÿ*ö¡.
tr hac pird of te bo.ch tll he tal chat
Linded thoro
(about troity tobut thoy buld). Änd I mant
ésitebody who ll fot thettraahtlto tind dut if thosé boys are
aralt tha aro!
Sitooroly your'si

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 319, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LANT
UNION
UNION...
944 29597
LE FRANK M BROWN,
1L2
(AP1-2)
HAMILtON FIELD CAL It.
VENTURE
PRESS
EVANSTON ILL.
tO TACOMA TO TNVESTIGATE FLYING
BIst REPORT THERED SUCCEE THIS DUT OF LIRE FOR PRESENT PUBLIC
INTERESY IN STORY AND BELTEVE ASLI SUGGESTED ON YOUR VISIT HERE
VENTURE PRESS SHOULS BE CHECKED
38: 19฿
$200
308p

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 151, "chars": 800, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
rr ne ir il a ee ee a ee a ee eee er Te ee re a ee Cee ie oe |

‘aist ts . Te tae * = * ra - LF oan wf Bt c ‘ * Pe , gt + aty moo ag Re ma 1 ‘4 ung + wp MT. PA a
oo Pernice tpt sd path Rabon beds CE ala ag AR Ro Bi SVR s Se on SUA AS iy Ru i de gel

oo 1 + [Cee .

s. . * ; : .
hod ; = 7

say ED,

, Tote go bath ial!

rH, oo _s

Cr rs

a,

. Ot , ‘ r eons a ar we . | ~ 1
, . = oe tow a: weet arty lt fot. pt M pe te aa or, a ee

oa 1

are ae

:
|

-~ “ie

s
‘4
Ni

f

uu
“7
+
f

thao eam
ert”
-

7 iy

- + -

Fee
ge

Pk

eet Lae Ee on peg, eee cate ching pds aw 8
m ” a oo ars = a Th hie ' he tTF mt rT *. t

—
, } .

nah ne’
Fiaes ‘

ee el
'
ge’
a

=e et,

“y=
¥ ~~

. =

ee

* a wwtddl a.
-

Oe Se es) ee

eae ey

See ee eae

go ee

- FF

Pe i ee ee i ee ae ke ed

ee

a
+
r
F,
1
tr
ToT.
iy
~~
a

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 92, "chars": 422, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
aap NS. te i eae

' Cota .t ' Lott a 3 . ae
. weet f ~ of

ott re se |

ERE td tag aye oth ge tp chee la catgpie ca Pete tava DE
a Perna tthe tphanik, Gnd poate ah Pg ARE Li, ONS RE EO Re ey bel

AP Ei BN GE ee depeger Ae 2.

—-t; it oN ee ame, See ae "apa Sa, pee a Nag SE A Pa A RE le ae TE aba at ll NB tl a ees ra She Pcie,

* ek . . arial

. ' a oe ae a a yt wee
ee tN daa aia ie ee cael a i ato pe at

+ “ee Wee ata

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 514, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
at
-™,

®
ha
41 at
b

_F
a

2

‘<

oe ae

a

| ' nh «*% z

. 1 tat

aT hae

at mi

¥

~ ole a

= Phen Bh anhgaheardath Meh h Sis agte AE GARE ET BUR RB os BSR ty Daag inp

A]
4A,

7 a a ae we ee . . = - : |
s Ree Cm tg ep On re yes
HBOS Eb Aa detiegicn Rant 80 a

Tee ra *

= . git es oa ne =e a 1

. 4° ' .
a i eA :

et ame cies catia age NP el ag gs gh li sy tt all

LA el ei ld ol

ee ee ie re

Sees

et a eee ee a

oN A mami on gen I

2 Oa TO eg MITER ag

selene

moos

7 ee ae eg tg TE Be
A ee er = Ea eee CE

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 70, "chars": 443, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
_ =
ae, Ri
+
ee
ch a,
a i?
+ . a
:
|
i

_- ‘ r . . @* -"gh so : * ol . - 7 _ # ba - . a
Tel yee” a ey . ili ta ee “AS gt ek ” ta

PEE EAL

*
af

pane
et

EDEN peck were

~#

Ca

*

i

uy

wl

ca i
sa "t
“hau Me Rt
Se a ee a
™~
ay

h
rota

+ 1 + ie ll ar Cd a
eof. adi nO ey . soo
: : tt a a a, He :
‘ 7 . "4 *
= . '
=
oly
anne
_—
a

a a

Pee ed Fie ey ae

! 4 4 1 a - mo,
sabes ibe Te Bh dg ‘
— ae ey

7

ii

4

ee 2 La ¥
ariel Bo sien
.
~
“

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 112, "chars": 563, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ee a

coe ae oe,

i a ie i i i i of he i ee Ske Oe ee ee eee

~~
oo, *

ed i ee ee eT ei ee

_

+e Page

ww
ne
“~~ a

“am 7
~

rh ern a Ll

ROPE og eet tarts pn setts San tte
. lee a 7 ae . & ... 4° es ic ae : yoo See va a] : - +: = . _ po + a . - shes! ye. a mot "hy a Ye
on Pye ee sete pata ded, Bede Mek Eats MY A Ea POUR Sie LO RY Un Bot eg ie cae tea paleaigion Ride BG

oy . . , , Lo ty ua ! Lies eS : 3 ee ae ae ear

See .

a Ta

, -* ‘ mat wet fa sas . -
saat fe < vee ea f- Fa bat aes, : —_ ki - a ay

s

ete del eo ae et eee I el ee re ale a ate Wet ae

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 123, "chars": 883, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STANDARD FORM NO, 6A
Office Memo,
dum . UNITED SI
OVERNMENT
TO
: Director, FBI
INFROM : SAC, San Francisco
SUBJECT:
REPORTS OF FLYING DISCS
DATE: September 4, 1.947
AIRMAIL
SPECIAL DELIVERY
Enclosed is a copy of a letter dated August 25, 1947, with
attachment fran It. Col.
California. Even though col.
may
have read some of his claim in a newspaper, Col.
that Mr.
should be interviewed in this matter.
In accordance with Burden Bulletin No. 42, dated JuLy 30,
1947, Pordand is requested to exhaustively interview Mr....
Portland, Oregon, regarding his
bIC
alleged sighting of a "flying disc" on June 24, 1947. Copies of
the result of this interview should be furnished the San Francisco
Field Office for distribution to the 6th Army Intelligence.
DWK: MR
Encls. 2
62-2938
. co Portland (EncIs. 4) - AMSD
mid bac
Info Draji
225001 :
INDEXEC
13541P231
íj
Far:
670
• as 1: 1-344
20% /

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1139, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PORTLAID, OPEGON, Aurust 20th 1917
Lt. Col. Donald L, Springer, Assistant Start
Sir. Sar in the portland pasor a snort tina aro la ruraras to
an article is rosarus to the so called flyiar, disc having any basis
of fAct. I CAT. SA! NEE
on duno 24th the day!
of joise Idaho elnins he ser a
and ra: in those adams astro aistrsoh4
lorration of flying disc. Ara y
sew the same flyin- obiocts at about
the sere time.
rieving a teluscopo with no at the time 1 can asure you
the: are reel and notine like ther. I aver saw before thuy did not pass
vorr! hich over where I was standin. at the the time, plobly 1000 It.
they were Found about 30 foot in dinater taperin? sharnly to a noirt in •
the hesd end in an oval shade, with a bripht top
surface.
I aid not
hear any hoist as you would fror a plane.
jut thare was an object in
the tali end looked like a bir herd of e clock shifting, from side to
side like a bir magenot.
I ere speed as ist as 1 tom seered to be
greater than inythir, I evor sari.
Lest voin I rot of the objocts they
vere standine on edgo Banking, in a Cloud.
Yours hespectfully
/s/
66
A IRUE COPY:
It. colonel, 355,
AC
A=2:
10/

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 623, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i !:
Tilan
.!: 111:06
'Indi, Orlifornin
i. -2
25. 143ust 1947
Special cort In Claire,
Fodern Iffing lulliire,
'DI, l. S. Dopertment of dustico,
! son 422, San Freuelsoo, Calif.
66
1.
the eltrated per
tus roosterd in this fliner?:
ni, letter from
You attention is in tod
a the sinflerit: betwoon
possibilily exists that
nirht havr ford are of his in thin newspapers shon
un: publicized re thir entiter•
h6
:..erp intend to investitoto lilis Incident•
Il: is remeste: "et a ross, of one intervier you may mere he furnished
this tonigurt yo.
DONATI: L. SPETIGER
It. Unlonel, 150
AC
05 5. A-?
(Irue C:)
1. =
AUC. 2 7 1347
SAM:

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 5, "chars": 67, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
wt

‘

. an
; '
I
I
Ly
f

a

I
.
t : ; Pi 1 - '
. 1 ' " iy ' . ; '

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 151, "chars": 927, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STANUAMU, OHN NO 64
Office Mem
TO
: THE DIRECTUR
FROM : D. M. LADD
SUBJECT:
M • UNITED SI
SOVERNMENT
GUITAR
Harbo
Hotr
quIno
You will recall that ur.
the Bureau of a letter which walter winchell had received
HolDen™
Mias Oendy
Srom an individual in Los Angeles indicating that he had
seen a flying saucer leaue the grauna bithin his view ana ATE
wrich letter he theorized that this might have been a laniing. i
from anocher planet.
interulew
he writer or this setter
re writer dess tete as reruested to locate and abl
Street, Los Angeles 7, California.
The Los angeles office has now advised that the ble
inowledge of any.
and that other investigation
to locat
was unproductive.
It would appear, therefore,
that this may have been a prant..
You may desire
to advise Ir.
such person at the address giver
inasmuch
as he indicated hat ble
ir. Finchell intended to do ajoolumn on this letter.
DALL: FA
bicy
/
IN: E0-5
151-185
17:7

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 1583, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I Bureau of Anuestigation
Initro States Departurent of Instice
Tak-
June 8, 1949
Director, FBI
RE: FLYING DISCS
Dear Sir:
Refer Phoenix Letter to Bureau, dated September 9, 1947,;
captioned, REPORIS OF FLYING DISCS, for the attention of Assistant
Director De M. LADD, setting forth the result of an interview con
ducted by
→ then a representative of the Air Force
Intellirence, from Hamilton Field, California, and Special Agent
with one,
Thoenix,
Arizona, concerning his observation and photographing of an
object which was considered by the Air force of significance from a
security standpoint.
On June 7, 1949, Mr.
OSt representative,
Phoenix, Arizona, called at this office,
advising that he had been
requested by his superiors in San Francisco to obtain datailed in
b76
requested the err force to reer the photographs parents has one
fomation concerning this interview since
when questioned by his superiors concerning the
matter,
stated his recollection was "hazy" on the matter, OSI is
anxious to secure the substance ol information in the Phoenix file
concerning this matter.
Mra
was furnished the substance of ble
the interview, as set forth in letter of reference and he has now
requested that he be furnished with a blind menorandun setting forth
this Infornation in detail in order that he may make it available to
the OSI at San Francisco.
A memorandum setting forth this information has been pre-
pared by this office and is attached hereto. Ine Bureau is requested
" to advise 11 such memorandum should be made avallable to OSI
402741-1
IAM-kb
2-213
AIR MATL
C.i.
ar-

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 110, "chars": 829, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RECORDED - 134
SAC, Phoonix
Director, FBI
June 30, 1949
INPOUEATION CONCERNING
ELYING DISCS
Rourlet June 8, 1949, captioned "Flying Discs."
It Is belloved that the reforence appearing in the first line of your
reforenced letter to the Bureau 1s incorroct.
Complote dotalls concerning the
attor rolerred to in your referenced connunication appear in a letter from
your office dated Septarbor 4, 1947, and not soptomber 9, 1947.
Pursuant to your roquest, you are granted authorlty to furnish the
attached blind senorandun, which was formarded to the Bureau with your referenced
lottor los approval, to li.
» OsI representativo, thoenix,
Attachiont
EHU: EFF
S. DEP'T. IF
lUSTICE
IN 30
4 0x88 °49
RECEIVED REG.
!!!!
.:
licholo
Durnea
Harbo
Hott
Quino
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION!
MAILED 15
*
JUL 1 1949 P.M.
IDIRAM BUTLAU OF LEV STIGATIO

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1542, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
DATE: Juno 30, 1949
TO
FROM
672
SUBJECT:
INFORMATION CONCERNING
702300.
Lots.
clace.
Michola.
FLYING DISCS
TracT..
Purpose
Tala, Room
H0аг0
Your approval is requested in order that the attached letter and
memorandum can be forwarded to the thoenix ossier, authorizing that office to h16
furnish the attached memorandum to Mr.
• OSI representative,
Phoenix, Arizona.
Background
Agent
In July 1947,
→ was jointly Interviewed by Special
• (Bureau Agent) and
1, A-2 representative b)C
Irom Hamilton Field, California. Ihe purpose of the interview was to secure from
information and photographs of a flying disc, which had been sighted
and photographed by Rhodes.
•The complete results of the interview and subsequent events are contained
in the attached menorandum submitted by the Phoenix Office.
→ OSI representative at Phoenix, Arizona, has requested
the Phoenix Office to furnish him complete facts relating to this interview, which
are to be subsequently forwarded to the 0l Ofiice at San Francisco, According to
referred to above, has been questioned concerning this matterb /
by his superiors and he has advised then that his recollection 1s "hazy" on the
matter.
According tod
has apparently now requested the Air
Force to return the photographs, which were previously obtained from him.
Reconnendation
It is recommended that the Phoenix Office be advised that the memorandum
attached may be forwarded by them to us.
Arizona.
Attachments
IND YED - 136
EX-68
1910
185
23
= .
JUL 20 1949
11-183

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1904, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STAMUARD FORM NO. 8A
Office Memorandum • UNITED STALES GOVERNMENT
TO
To FROM :
SUBJBCT:
DIRECTOR, FBI
SAC, NEW ORLEANS
FLYING DISCS AND SAUCERS
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION CONCERNING
DATE:
July 21, 1949
For the Bureau's information, several citizens in the conmunity of
Alexandria, Louisiana, have recently reportedly seen flying discs. The Alexan-
dria, Louisiana daily paper has carried nunerous articles concerning this.
At a recent meeting of the Young Mens Business Club in Alexandria,
a member suggested that since Alexandria, Louisiana 1s knorm as a convention city,
the club should try promoting a convention of flying saucer seers. This particu-
lar comment appeared in the Alexandria paper and was picked up by the AP lines.
a member of the Toung Hens Business Club, advised
Special Agent.
that since the AP release, they have received a
Large nunber of requests regarding the convention of flying saucer soars fran mard 7C
parts of the United States.
states that the interest of the people
is evidenced by their inquiries about convention particulars, stating they are
i'lying saucer seers and want to attend such a convention.
This gentleman further advised that in view of the volume of inquiries
caning in; it appears that the IND will have to hire an employee to handle all
the correspondence.
It night be noted that he advised a representative oi the
Air Force Iron Barkadale Field, Louisiana, has inquired as to plans of a flying
saucer convention, stating that they are interested in furnishing an observer 11
2222
such a convention
mere held.
This Infornation 1s being furnished the Bureau, as it 1s possible such
an enterprise may cause people to falsify that they have seen flying discs or fly-
Ing saucers. Such falsifications night be made so that they might attend such a
convention or becone official delegates thereto.
HEM: gp
62-0
670
RECORDED - 63
INDEXED - 63
:11: 182
25 il
-

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 596, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ir. Tols-n
I, S. DEPARTMENT GT JUSTICE
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION
TELETYPE
1y3-1
File. Room
Mir. Nrate
FBI MAHA
7-14-48.
4-55
PM CST
I ECTOR
URGENT
FLYING DISCS, INFORMATION CONCERNING. WHILE ON VACATION RECEN
AT LAKE OF THE WOODS, NEAR KENORA, ONTARIO, CANADA, SA
OBSERVED UNCONVENTIONAL AIRCRAFT RESEELING FLYIN DISS L7E
HE HAS FURNISHED FULL INFORMATION CONCERNING SAME TO U.S. dIR
FORCE INTELLIGENCE, FORT CROCK, NEBRASKA, AND SANE VILL NOT BE
REPORTED TO THE BUREAU UNLESS ADVISED TO THE CONTRARY.
DALTON
RECORDED - 142
162-3944
3l JUL 19 1949
END
ACK
940 PLS
0AUG10K1549
WASH DC ENC
3,517
pivi

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1713, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Form No. 1
THIS CASE ORIGINATED AT
PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA
REPORT MADE AT
DATK WHEN MADE
WHICH MADE
PHILADEIPHIA, PA.
6-15-49
5-20-49
TITLE
UNKNOR SUBJECTS FIRE, SCRANTON, PENNSYLVALIA,
UNKNOW DATE
COMPLAINANT
b7e
FILE NO. 62-2542 VFH
REPORT MADE BY
biC
CHARACTER OF CASE
HISCELLANGOUS
INFORMATION CONCERNING
*
li
SYNOPSIS OF FACTS:
submitted ash residue to
Fire Marshal's Office, Philadelphia, Pa.,
which made chemical analysis.
mintary hatre or ay has saen caused by
- C=
DETAILS:
This investigation is predicated upon a letter
received from the office of the !
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, dated May 19, 1949, 67C
advising that ashes had been received from one
s purportedly from a fire which had continued to burn for twelve
hours. A chemical analysis of the ashes had been requested. The
Office noted that
Cormission.
had at one time warked for the Atonic Energy
advised that there
had been received through the mail on April 21, 1949, an ash
sample with a re-
quest for analysis.
In the Letter oi transmittal,
›had pointed out
that the fire had continued to burn twelve hours after water had first been h 74
applied.
The original letter of transmittal was examined and reflected that
an object had entered the roof of the building, caused an explosion, and threw
- people out of bede
said he attempted to locate
hat his
residence
but had beed unsuccessful.
le added that at
the time
had
commented that
had been employed by
the Atomic Energy Commission.
was then requested by letter to appear
at the
APPROVED AND
FORWARDED:
L.V. Boardinan
IN CHARGE
DO NOT WRITE IN THESE SPACES
RECORDED - 129
COPIES OF THIS REPORT
2- Bureau
2 - Philadelphia COPY IN FILE
114
DJUL 201949
VC

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2154, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PH 62-2542
advised that he had interviewed
at the time he came to the office since
was absent
at the time. Ile said that he then learned for the first time that the fire
in question had taken place rear Scranton, Pennsylvania, and had oçcurred._.
670
about six months prevous yo
This caused the
• to withdraw
from the case on a question oi jurisdiction and
•was advised that
any further action on his part should be referred to the State Police
authorities.
or the anarys then at ben a s
furnished
with the results
of the analysis which had been made of the ash submitted, and which analysis
had been made by
3, Chemical Laboratory, Room
67C
375, Otty lan, and arepon the fed that that tailed a stunates.
was interviewed at his place of business,
• Broad Street and Girard Avenue, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania.
At this time he advised that he had received the sample of
ash from a friend, i
vania, through the mail! He said that Lake Ariel is about one mile south
* wayne county, Pennsy 676
of Soutin Canaan, near Scranton, Pennsylvania. He stated that_..
house had burned about six months ago, that the fire had occurred at night
during a storm and that a large object had struck the roof and ignited the
house which had burned to the ground in less than an hour.
He said that he had not been present during the fire but that
these details had been furnished by letter iron
of the ash was forwarded ior analysis. He said that he was of the personal
at the time a sample bl
opinion that the ash might be a part of a military flare or a "flying saucer".
1n ta nic chat he bum for on are pe
He pointed out that he has been advised by associates in the
engineering field that one of the characteristios of some types of flares
is the fact that they burn for a considerable period. He stated that the
mass of the ash residue had remained ignited for a period of twelve hours.
He also stated that he did not think there had been an explosion but tiat a
laid noise had probably been caused by the vacuum created as the missile
or object struck the roof. He added that there remains a quantity of the
ash, amounting to one bushel, at
premises at Lake Ariel.
- 2-

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 180, "chars": 1143, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PH 62-2542
ady sed that he had been employed by the Atomic
Energy Conmission at Oak Ridge until 1943. He was entirely rational. He
discounted the theory that a portion of a meteor had struck the house on
the basis of the chemical analysis made by the City Chemical Laboratory.
authorities, he had written tod
advised that at the suggestion of the City
band suggested that any further in 676
quiries be directed to the State Police.
The file of the Philadelphia Office reflect that the records
of Immigration and Naturalization Service were negative to an inquiry concern-
office likewise reflect that
The files of this
By letter received August 1a, 1947,67 C
requested of this office the identity of a powder or dust used to catch
thieves.
Inasmuch as there is no violation indicated within the Bureau's
"prisdiction, there is no further investigation being conducted in this
Horever, the ash residue obtained from the d
is beini forvarded to the Bureau Laboratory for any interest or study the
Laboratory may desire to conduct relative to flares or in connection with
the possibility of the presence of "flying saucers".
676
- CLOSED -
= 3 -
