{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-22 13:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461529","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/529/mufon-5461529.json","updb_database_id":5461529}
{jpg} Observed three disc like crafts moving erratically to the NE, they hovered and danced and changed direction quickly

It was Aug 22nd, 2016 a nice warm sunny day in NE Colorado, In Brighton . I was out in the backyard cleaning and finishing up work on my clients’ saddles and headstalls . I hung them on a chair to sit and wait for them to dry before piling them.. I had a glass of tea to sip on and I was sitting lying back on my chair and just admiring the beauty of the day, when something made me look up into the sky, and I saw two reflective but white mostly , discs above me probably 600 ft up maybe higher.. I was in awe and just kept staring up at them . I watched them drop a little move erratically and change direction quickly to the west but mostly they were heading to the NE. My heart was beating like mad while I was observing the two crafts travel sideways quickly left them up then right. lit was like they were dancing . I lived in a flight path zone from Denver International Airport so I was used to seeing and hearing the planes flying over us all the time (westward). These craft bobbed and moved too quickly , and no sound , completely silent. I was so mesmerized by the craft above my head I never went inside to grab my cell phone to get video of this! I should have but I could not move and just had to watch! The big jets you could hear them and one had just crossed over our house,( I could not take my eyes off what I was watching but I heard the jet) . The jet was heading west, when I last saw the objects that had now become three instead of the original two that I witnessed. Once they zipped out to the NE out of my view I scrambled (because I was scared) for the patio door , tripped over the chair with the horse tack on it, got indoors, and hid inside . When I calmed down after about an hour , I phoned the Denver 9 news office and asked if they had received any calls about disc like objects in the area, of which I was told no. I did not want to seem like a crazy person but that did not satisfy me , I called my mother in MO and told her about it.
