{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-04-05 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486529","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2798,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/529/mufon-5486529.json","updb_database_id":5486529}
{cak} They shot a laser into my left eye and told me they were the alien resistance

I was 17, we were 4x4 ing in the Woods of North Carolina, Havelock outside cherry point marine corp base! We got stuck in the mud both trucks! All we had was a four wheeler to go back the 35 minute drive to town to get another guy out there to pull us out! They told me to stay behind make sure no one would mess with the Trucks. I had Two beers in me and I weighed 170 pounds! They left me with my friends ar15! It was so dark and scary I decided to go behind a row of trees that opened into a field a pasture! I cracked open my third beer when a light appeared out of nowhere! At first I thought it was a harior jump jet because of the militarries proximity! I got scared raised the gun and shot three times at it! Then they blocked my memory and I never realized it until 2013! You must understand that the military never showed up so what ever I shot at was only revealed to me in 2013! They told me That this laser being shot into my left eye was encoding my brain through my optic nerve and that they were the alien resistance a group different from the Greys! They told me that everything I needed to know to change the course of the history of the world would be encoded in me! In 2010 after fighting brain damage for 18 years it was like a light switch went off in my head I was flooded with complex physics and cosmology concepts! They told me that these theories and my art would change the course of mankind! If you don't believe me brianmalpasso YouTube i was always smart but this knowledge the visions I see, the conceptual frame work for all of creation, even the understanding of all meanings of particle physics, reality and astrology! I'm not saying I'm right they are and this is the messages I received! No one believes me because they can't understand the theories! Professor after professor have ignored me with no words from MIT, Princeton or Harvard for 4 years I've been explaining this knowledge given to me! They said if you don't start listening then the next phase is coming and all of you won't like it much! They say the bases for my life was to be used as a messenger, Change your ways!!
