{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-19 01:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512529","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45786","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2467,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/529/mufon-5512529.json","updb_database_id":5512529}
{dr}At about 1:03 am I saw what appeaered to be a star like object emiting light

I woke up at at 1:01 am to go to the bathroom, I then walked to the window and my windows face Manhattan, my view is from Pelham Bay in the Bronx. I always have a habit of looking out the window in the early morning hours. I noticed a star like flashing object emitting green, yellow, white, with a what appeared to be a huge red light tip of the craft. I could see it blinking, so I got my NIKON SPORT OPTICS Binoculars and it let me see the object a little clearer, at times it appeared disc shaped oval, at times it appeared to be triangular. It stayed in the same position from 1:03 am to 1:29 am. It appeared to have a tip with a large red beam of light, then the other lights seem to be pulsating around it Yellow, green, blueish white, It stayed in the same spot, I thought it could be a star, but I live on the 5th floor so I looked at the other stars around an they all appear to reflect a blueish light, but this object kept reflecting different colored lights, with the red Point being the most bright. So I went out into the fire escape to get a better view, and there it was, still stationary and hovering, and flashing its colors. It began to very slowly head towards Manhattan, but I could still see it with me Binoculars. I felt it did not belong to this world, that is the feeling I kept feeling inside. I was not excited, I felt myself asking myself what do you want, why are you here...kind of questions. 
I noticed at times, the red beam of light grew in intensity, round, very bright. At times the object appeared to be spinning, then for some reason it looked like a rectangular shaped object when the red beam became brighter. I went back inside got a pen and pad, and a heavier coat I was freezing, then went back outside to look and in that one min it just disappeared at 1:29 am,
