{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-21 05:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522529","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/529/mufon-5522529.json","updb_database_id":5522529}
Orb Like UFO

Was leaving for work at approx. 540am. I looked up right before entering my vehicle and seen what appeared to be very faint but noticeable orb like light started as a light red/white then went to just a silent traveling white light. Was not a shooting star was way to low and traveling way to slow. There was no sound whatsoever. It is extremely quiet up there in the catskill region at night. As I was watching this white orb like light I wanted to flim it but it happened so fast. Then it kind of turned a deep redish color and either went into the clouds or faded out. I had an extremely erie feeling watching it, I think the fact that there was zero sound really intrigued me especially since it seemed so close. I would absolutely love to know what it was but I can def tell you what it wasn't. Wasn't a plane, hellicopter, arial vehicle of any kind, blimp, satalite, (way to low for that) and definitely was not a shooting star, I have seen all of these very often in this area so I really have no idea. I have never witnessed anything quite like this before. At first I really thought I was seeing things and maybe half asleep but I know what I saw and It was actually a real thing, whatever it may have been lol. I have seen something up there before, same area, What seemed to be a red orangish meteor shooting across the sky also low but what was interesting was how at the end of its trail it went up instead of descending. There are lots of shooting stars up there you well know the difference if you are around there a lot like myself. If there is any type of plane or anything you hear it loud and clear because of how extremely quiet it is up there. Only other thing I keep seeing is small glowing orblike white spheres "way up" in the sky, definitely space. Traveling very slow, I was told those are however satillites, but then again who knows anymore.
