{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498529","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2544,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/529/mufon-5498529.json","updb_database_id":5498529}
numerous lights, appearing/reappearing, flying in random directions, every morning for the last year

I have seen these lights for at least a year now. I had to mark one date in this application so I marked the newest one which is this morning. However, I have been seeing those lights for a long long time. I don't know what they are - I can see them from my flat, almost every morning if I am up at around 7, sometimes it's been 6 or 8, never seen it during a day. The time changes as the sunrise changes - it seems to be around the time of sunrise (however, different direction, they are visible in the north). It sounds like some kind of a naturally occurring phenomenon, I know and I have considered it when I first heard about the lights from my brother-in-law who lives with us and gets up to work early. As soon as I saw them myself, however, I started to doubt in the natural phenomenon hypothesis - the way they move seems to be completely deprived of any pattern, but at the same time it does look artificial (making zig-zags or flying in a formation, for example). Sometimes only a few can be seen and sometimes it must be around 15 at least. As I said they appear and disappear, you can often tell though that it is still the same object disappearing and reappearing on its path. Don't know what else I may say - I just really want to know what it is, I thought maybe something from the RAF bases in the north? If so, it would have to be some unconventional type of flying objects anyway, due to their unusual movement. I would like somebody to get back to me and investigate it - I can't really take a picture - it's the time of a day when the light is not the greatest and the street lights are still on - therefore, I can't really capture it with my phone camera, I did try. I tried a telescope as well but it is too difficult to focus it on them as their movement is quite random. I hope somebody will consider it and contact me one day about it.
