{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-15 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496600","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62792","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3160,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/600/mufon-5496600.json","updb_database_id":5496600}
{rjl} large disk like object with lights hovering with no sound Lights visible but did not project from craft.

This sighting occurred when I was 17. I am now 39 years old and will never forget it. I was helping my brother-in-law work on the roof of his trailer that evening. I was facing south and he was directly across from me facing north. I just simply looked up from my work and seen the craft hovering approximately 60 yards in front of me directly over the Tygart River. It was round, metallic and had squared corners that stepped down from the top to sides. Had no visible windows but it had multicolored lights on it that dimmed and brightened. These lights did not cast on anything around the object or the object itself. It made absolutely no noise at any time. Immediately upon seeing it I just stared at it. It was as if time had frozen. I had stopped working but my brother-in-law never noticed during my viewing of the object. I could not take my eyes off it. All I would have had to do was tell him to look behind him but I was unable to do that. Not out of fear. I was strangely calm. At no time before, during, or after the sighting have I experienced fear as a result of the sighting. I just watched it hover for it seemed like 5 minutes and it slowly started drifting down the river. It went behind some treetops and never emerged. I saw something occur behind the trees but not sure what. I just knew it was gone at that point. At that point everything was normal again. I could move and just began working again. I could not tell my brother-in-law what had happened. Something wouldn't let me. I remembered it a lot but never spoke of it for years until I told my sister and then later my wife. Besides this report that is the only people I've ever shared it with. I felt controlled throughout the entire viewing. Its a very hard feeling to describe. This object was very large and very close to me. I see it as clearly today as I did when I first saw it. The thing that puzzles me the most was the feeling of control it had over me. It was so peaceful. The best I can describe it would be like freezing a moment in time except for yourself and the object and being able to focus on everything around you at your leisure while time is on pause. It sounds strange but it happened. I don't know why I was aloud to experience it, but its something I will never forget. The dates are approximate on this but It was definitely Summer of 1993. I remember that because it was right before my scheduled date to leave for Basic Training in the U.S. Army.
