{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466600","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3077,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/600/mufon-5466600.json","updb_database_id":5466600}
{cak} A silent, slow moving oval craft followed my four diamond shaped objects.

I was 13 years-old in June, 1981. On a clear, dark night, my friend, who was 12 and I were spending the night in my tree house. We had decided to go for a walk in the field behind my house. While we were walking, we looked up into the sky and to the North, we saw a yellow-orange colored oval shaped UFO (as if it was laying sideways) that was slowly crossing the sky from the East to the West. The UFO was completely surrounded by something like antennae or lines that radiated outward from the edge. It was very large and moved silently and slowly.

While it was traveling, four small, white diamond shaped objects appeared from the tail end (right side) of the oval and started to follow it in a straight line. I remember turning to my friend and asking him if he was seeing what I was seeing. He said that he was and that we weren't dreaming.

We watched it for about 25 seconds, then while they were traveling, the last diamond object emitted a bright red light and then shot quickly back towards the East and downwards in a arc away from the others. The other three then continued moving West in a straight line for a few seconds, then took off at a high rate of speed in different directions.

Following this, the oval object paused for 3 or 4 seconds then shot into the sky at a 45 degree angle at a high rate of speed. We watched it until it went out of site.

The next thing that I remember is that I woke up the next morning in my bed. I got up from my bed and noticed that I had a one inch oblong wound on my lower right abdomen. I got dressed and went to tell my parents and pestered them until they agreed to let me report it. The problem was that we didn't know who to report it to. I called the operator and was transferred a number of times and then was given the number of an organization in Washington (703 area code) who took a verbal report and my personal information.

Later that week, I wasn't feeling too well and my parents took me to the emergency room at Memorial Hospital in Hollywood, FL. While there, I remember asking a doctor about the wound on my stomach as the scab was falling off. Under it was a hole that I could stick the tip of my finger in. It was filled with a sticky fluid. The doctor said that he didn't know what it was. He covered it with a bandage and I went home. It finished healing a few days later and I was left with an oblong scar on my abdomen.
