{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-11 09:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290600","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2969,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/600/mufon-5290600.json","updb_database_id":5290600}
Mass in sky forms into translucent triangle

I’m going to try and describe this best I can. I was sitting in my car in a parking lot at a local bank waiting for it to open. The sun was still low enough in the sky at 9am being December. I really think the sun angle had something to do with me observing this object. I also feel I wasn’t supposed to see it. I always watch airplanes l, we live near an airport and I always had an interest in aviation. So I know the usual aircraft that fly around. So first off in the distance, I’m going to guess 2 miles away approaching from the west I saw what I thought was a flock of white birds. It appeared to me like flashes of white, like birds flapping their wings. So my first observation was this was a mass moving across the sky with no distinct outline, just flashes of white that again I thought was flying birds. Actually a commercial aircraft flew in the direction of it at about maybe 5000 feet and climbing taking off from the airport a few miles away. I remember thinking “I wonder if that pilot sees those birds and I hope they aren’t close enough for a bird strike.” It was hard to gauge the distance actually but I don’t think it was that close. So I kinda kept my eye on this mass still thinking it was birds so I wasn’t watching really close. They were getting closer. This is where it’s gets fuzzy. I don’t recall the actual moment I realized it wasn’t birds. I remember watching this mass move across the sky and then suddenly it was almost directly above my car. I looked up and the best I could describe it is, there was a lot of light up there. I could make out a triangle outline and I saw 4 lights (white) along the back edge. There appeared to be a really bright light/aura/translucent type energy coming from the center. Like it was glowing. But I don’t know if this was also the sun reflecting off the surface. I was still in my car so I couldn’t hear any noise. There were one or two people nearby but they didn’t seem to notice. I wanted to jump out and say “does anyone see this???” But somehow I felt I was the only one. I reached for my phone to try and get a photo and I took my eyes off it for a second. I felt like I already knew when I looked back up it would be gone and it was. I lost it. This shook me up. I don’t know if this is something I should be worried about.
