{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-05 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500600","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4610,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/600/mufon-5500600.json","updb_database_id":5500600}
{cak} this is reptilian abduction with no ufo sighting involve !

the event start it at 1 am June 5th ,2014.
my friend woke up at 6 am in the alley behind his building, which could not understand how he got there, he notice that on his chest are burning mark look like rash which he did not have it the night before.
(even after 50 days the marks still there). he contact me and told me the story of his which he has no history of sleep walking or anything like that he is a healthy 44 years!
I was in disbelieved and did not take him serious but I told him if this was a abduction you are going to have headaches, nightmare and bleeding from his noise. which after 30 years of interest in this subject and 90% of stories you read or watch is about typical grey's abductions!
mike contact me the day after and said that he had a dream that he is in the sky and 4 creatures which the are hologram's and all look like a beautiful blond with the red lipstick and black dress surrounding him and the one behind him have 2 long fingers of him on top of his head and talking to him telepathically and saying to him that don't worry we are putting something in your stomach which you may be a little uncomfortable but in a long run it will be good for you! next thing that he remember is falling from sky which usually taking around 15 seconds for him to see himself and coming back to his body and he had a very painful stomach pain that lasted around 3 hours and pain got despaired after that. 
again mike called and told me this story which I told him that mike you are being abducted but when I don't know their style is different because grey's have to come and take you physically but in your case you are getting abducted while you are sleep. since that day I have not let him sleep at his place no more. the night after he had a dream that he is in the same room and the usual 4 are around his bed and this time there is a female on top of him and facing the other way having intercourse with him which he panicked and woke up and tried to keep himself up which around 6 am he fall sleep again and the same thing happened to him.  
after hearing this story he told me that even though they are hologram but their hand when its move its not hologram (at this moment that I thought he is going to say that their hands are light gray and very slim which in my surprise said their hands are light green and its like lizard. I was so shocked and amazed that he was getting abducted by reptilians and that's why their style is completely different than greys. my next move was finding a hypnotherapist that could hypnotize him that we have that as a prove and also know what happened to him which on same evening they talk to him again he was in the sky and usual 4 surrounded him and the one in the back of him have 2 fingers on top of his head and talking to him telepathically and said to him that mike we are watching you in a long time ( which in the recent abduction told him that we watched you on your first life and we abducted you on your second, third, and this is your 4th life ). they told him that why you think your mom is still alive( the doctors told her mom that she had only 3 months to live 6 years ago because of cancer) and she is very well now.
then they talk about me that in the begging they used to call me (best friend) that have lots of knowledge regarding different kind of aliens.  they told him that we will bring you up tomorrow and we will have a surprise for you.
this ongoing events which will be 40 to 50 more pages which I cant even mention some of them due to public is not ready for that .................
I just want to share just one of many amazing things that they could do is that their technology after one billion years is so amazing that I am watching him is deep sleep but when his breathing change he is gone and wherever he land he has a physical body also! one soul and two body something that we cant accept it at this time of our technology but its true.....
