{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-02 21:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487600","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72058","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/600/mufon-5487600.json","updb_database_id":5487600}
{dr}Warm clear night-My friend and I were sitting on my deck and all of a sudden a bright red/orange orb flew past us at a slow steady speed-no sound-slowly ascending then disappeared.

AUGUST 2, 2015 - It was a warm clear Sunday evening w light winds. My friend and I were sitting on the deck in my backyard. I live on a canal on Padre Island, so the deck is actually about 25 ft above the water on canal. All of a sudden my friend was startled by a bright light she noticed when she glanced to her left. When she noticed it, it caught my attention and we both jumped out of our seat in shock. There was a bright red/orange orb travelling in slow, straight path approx 100 ft above the water and travelling NW along the canal. We were in complete shock- could not speak and were scared to move. I had my phone in my hand, but it was so close to us as it was passing by us, I was scared to video it until it went past my house. The first thing my friend said was , " Oh my gosh, is that a chinese lantern?" - at that time the object was about 2 houses down from mine and had not yet reached our location. As it got closer it was very obvious it was no chinese lantern or a drone of any type. First, it was too breezy for it to maintain straight flt path. Also, as it got closer to us it made no noise at all, did not appear to have a specific structure or frame ( body). It was a large beachball size or slightly larger, bright sphere of red/orange light. The light was very bright and seemed to slightly pulsate never leave losing its vibrance but w no distinct pattern. As it passed my house I turned the video on my phone on and tried to videotape it as it flew steadily along the canal slowly ascending flying NW direction, and all if a sudden it disappeared. The video and still shot I took is horrible in regard to clarity- I tried to zoom in and also include houses in video to show its proximity in sky to where we were. Video did not capture the intense brightness. We have never seen anything like this EVER! We are both very familiar w drone type crafts as they are getting more common these days- this was NOT A DRONE of any kind- It was startling, shocking, and slightly scary bc it was this bright large sphere of light. Would def love to know what this was. Now everytime we go outside at night we def pay more attention to what is in the sky. I have included video and two still photos taken that night, as well as two daytime pics to show area object was seen travelling.
