{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-28 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530600","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2682,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/600/mufon-5530600.json","updb_database_id":5530600}
I saw a red/gold sphere in the sky, it jumped a considerable distance, then dissappeared. minutes later. Helicopters were in area searching for something.

I was driving along county route 6 in Slate Hill NY, on July 28th, when i suddenly noticed a glowing sphere in the sky about a thousand feet ahead of me. The sphere appeared to be made of light and was red with golden light around it and emanating from it. As i drove along it was blocked from my view for 2 or 3 seconds by trees. In those few seconds it had jumped a considerable distance further away from me, i would guess at around a mile or so, and it was also dimmer. I continued to drive along hoping to get a better look at it, because apart from the jump it made it appeared to be completely stationary. After seeing it for another few seconds it was blocked from my view by more trees again for 4 or 5 seconds. By the time i drove into the clear part of the road a few seconds later the object had disappeared. I proceeded to pull my car over and put it in park so i could get a better look at the whole sky. With the moon roof of my car open, i stood up out of my car and looked all around, but the red/gold light object was gone. I stayed there for a couple more minutes looking around the sky, and there wasnt a single cloud in the sky nor was there any airplanes flying. After approximately 2 minutes of looking at the sky, 3 Helicopters flew into the area spread over a 3 to 4 mile area with bright search lights pointing from the front of them. I watched the helicopters fly around and after a couple minutes 2 more helicopters were in the area with bright search lights on the front. When I first saw the light/object and shortly after it disappeared, my first thought was that it was a UFO, but then i thought it could possibly have been a trick of the light or something, tho i wasn't convinced of that. When i saw helicopters show up, and they actually appeared to be looking for something that they knew had just been there in the sky moments before, then i was almost certain that what i saw was a UFO of some kind.
