{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-07 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284600","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2532,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/600/mufon-5284600.json","updb_database_id":5284600}
White disc just above treeline traveling in a straight path

I was getting ready to go out to do my evening chores (I live on a small farm) While I was still inside, I noticed a dramatic line of black clouds. When I walked out onto my driveway I looked up to look at the line of black clouds and saw a white disc traveling from east to west above the treeline about 3 miles away. It was sillouetted against the black clouds. The sun was low to the west, but the object appeared very white, almost glowing. It appeared to be spinning. This is weird: It appeared to have a texture, possibly criss-crossing lines, though it was far enough away I should not have been able to see texture. It was almost as if these lines were some sort of forcefield surrounding the disc.... at the time, it made me think of gauze,cheesecloth, or batiste fabric (I sew, and weave) but moving, with a dull sheen, and slightly transparent. The movement of the texture was slower than the spinning of the disc.

It was a low profile disc, no lights, no tail, no external anything of any kind. We are on the approach to PDX, and I see many, many aircraft here. This appeared to be at least three times the length of a fighter jet at that distance, and moving MUCH faster in comparison to a fighter jet.

I only saw it for a second, but it was a very distinct experience, and my first thought was that I was seeing a UFO, and I was VERY glad it was in full daylight! Not a random light in the night sky.

I lost sight of it behind some trees on our property, and watched to see when it came out the other side, but it didn't. 

Please note: I checked a google maps for distance to object, and the distance the disc travelled. It travelled a distance of approximately three miles in just over one second.

Also note: I thought I had reported this two days after it happened, but apparently I did not do something right and it never showed up on the website.
