{"collection":"UPDB-Skinwalker","document_date":"2007-09-30 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-skinwalker-report-6034835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"UR-20070930-1","source_file":"UPDB-Skinwalker/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":6034835,"updb_source":"SKINWALKER"}
2 red lights and 4 white lights forming a square shape, stop and start motion. At approximately 10:00 p.m. Kavanaugh observed some abnormal lights in the distant southwest sky about 12 fingers above the tree line. Using binoculars he observed four white lights forming a square with one red light in the center and a second red light just to the right of center. Collectively, the lights would remain stationary, then move as a whole, and become stationary again. This happened several times. The lights were last observed making a rapid upward turn to the southeast. Immediately following the observation, Kavanaugh’s eyes began to hurt and he felt a slight pain across his eyebrow from temple to temple which lasted five minutes.. 

Catalog Entry: UR-20070930-1
Local Time: 22:00
Shape: Lights
Trajectory (Lift / Propulsion): Direction: SE
 Movement: Object remained stationary for about 1 minute. Then it moved in a straight lien downward and for a brief moment it stopped and then moved SE and stopped again fro 30 seconds. Then it started to move SE again in a gently sloping downward attitude. It appeared to have moved 2 fingers fromt he last noted stationary position. The object stopped again for a brief moment and then began to travel SW continuing in a downward sloping path stopping again an additional 2 fingers distance and seemed to remain motionless for 1 minute. The object then moved in a straight line downward to the tree line to about 10 fingers distance from the top of the trees and then made a quick upward turn towards the SE
 Speed:
 Distance:
 Altitude: "12 fingers up from tree line"
 Angle of Observation:
 Effects:
