{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-12-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489826","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69778","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/826/mufon-5489826.json","updb_database_id":5489826}
My late father witnessed a craft hovering silently above the road in front of his car, then performing darting flight manoeuvres before disappearing

This encounter, which occurred in December 1998, was witnessed by my late father who resided in Cape Town, South Africa and who passed away in 2012. He was a serious and succesful businessman, management position, a man of honour, old-school...his word and his handshake were as good as any signed contract.

I received a long-distance call in Germany from my dad on the eve of the encounter. He was rather excited and in disbelief over what he had seen and began telling me of the chain of events...

He closed the store in Simonstown after a long day and walked to his car. On the drive home, he decided to change the usual coast road route and to rather take the less-used mountain road home..."Ou Kaapse Weg" which is Afrikaans/Dutch for "Old Cape Way". My dad used to cycle that mountain road on the weekends, so he knew it well. As he drove towards the top of the mountain road with a view over the entire False Bay area, he was confronted by a silver disc-shaped craft, dome on top, with an array of lights which seemed to rotate and which was hovering silently above the road directly in front of him. 
He stopped and observed the craft for a moment before getting out of the car. The craft remained stationary and silent at a very close distance. He began walking towards it until he was only meters away, when he stopped his approach and continued to observe it. He told me that at no time did he feel threatened or in danger, but was just overcome with amazement. What followed is what makes this encounter so incredible...the craft darted off in a straight path over the bay, only to abruptly stop and remain stationary for a few seconds before darting in a straight path to another position, remaining there for a few seconds and then returning to it1s original position directly in front of my father, where it remained hovering stationary and silent. The craft then proceeded to repeat the triangular flight manoeuvres, stopping after each manoeuvre directly in front of my father. He told me that he had the feeling that the craft was trying to show him what it was capable of and was in a way communicating with him. After the third consecutive manoeuvre, the craft darted off over the bay and disappeared without returning again. This entire encounter lasted a few minutes.
My father then walked back to his car and drove home. He told my mother, when he got in the door, what had happened and shortly thereafter on that evening, he called me in Germany. My dad never told anybody else about this encounter...but the following day my mom anonymously called the local Cape newspaper and asked if anyone had seen anything over Cape Town on the previous evening. The reply was...yes, as a matter of fact people did call in saying that there had been strange lights observed on the that evening.

This encounter changed my father1s outlook and he began collecting books and videos on UFOs and began doing his own research on the subject.
When I visted my parents in Cape Town the following year in October of 1999, my dad showed me what he had gathered on information on UFOs and also showed me pictures in the books he had found of craft that looked identical to the craft he had seen the previous year. Since my father1s passing, I have picked up where he left off and continue researching the UFO phenomenon...
