{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-29 22:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503826","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55088","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/826/mufon-5503826.json","updb_database_id":5503826}
{dr}My 2 daughters and I observed something in the air and it was not an airplane

I was driving home westbound on I70 passing near the airport when I noticed something in the sky. We (I was with my 17 and 12 year old daughters) were very near the airport but this wasn't an airplane. As we got closer to it, I asked one of my daughters "what is that?" It was a V shaped object in the sky but it wasn't moving. It had lights on it around the point of the V or at the point. I was actually severely lacking sleep at the time so I kept asking my daughter what is that? She kept saying she didn't know. The only reason we could see it aside from the lights on the object was because the object was darker in color than the sky. The lights were not beaming they were just on. I picked up my phone and called my husband and asked him how fast an airplane had to go in order to maintain any altitude in the sky because this wasn't moving. My other daughter then said she saw a plane. It was moving. When I got off the phone with my husband I kept asking my daughters what that was. My 12 year old kept saying she didn't know but that she knew for sure the one thing WAS an airplane. I said then what was the other thing? She said I don't know. So I said when I was on the phone you know for a fact that the one thing WAS an airplane she said yes. I said then what was the other thing? She said I don't know. 

The lights I saw were also round in shape I do not recall how many lights there were. I also can not remember exactly what direction the object was in the sky, I know it was not up and down but could have been horizontal but somehow I could see the lights and feel like they were on the bottom or underside of the object.

I pulled up some pictures tonight and had my 17 year old look at them because I saw something that looked very similar to what I'd seen. I asked her to look at the pictures and she pointed out exactly what I thought looked like what we'd seen. When I tried to get my 12 year old to look she refused and ran out of the room and avoids anything and everything to do with this. I don't know why.

Because I was so tired I didn't do what I would have done had I been thinking clearly and that would have been to pull over on the interstate and take pictures (it wasn't that busy on the road) and I'd have watched it.

I hope it happens again but what I'd really like to know is if anyone else has reported it.
