{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526826","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3177,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/826/mufon-5526826.json","updb_database_id":5526826}
Pulsating, shapshifting worm like objects in sky!

I was outside, smoking cigarette (disgusting..i know) looked up at the sky and saw two large objects that looked like parachutes. However as they got closer, I realized, the objects were moving like a caterpillar/worm.These object are in worm shape, but would tend to retract, expand, and go in sphere shape, then back to worm form.The color was extremely bright, the hue of the glow which could perfectly be seen even during daylight, consisted of red,orangey/yellow and bright white. So I retrieved my phone and recorded. Just like any cellphone recording or picture, is nothing like seeing it in person. So, i recorded until the past out of sight,but then came a group spread out. This group consisted of 6-8 of them. This small fleet behaved the same as the previous two, however I also noticed, a small bright silvery "orb" floating around a few of them, as if it was keeping them in check.The orb move much faster than the worms. I has recorder on while the group passed,however the file of course can not be opened.(still working on trying to open file)Continued to Watch as they too faded past my apartment and out of sight. Once again i stopped recording, and then came two more, that were a bit spread out with single orb seeming to just watch the "worms". So started recording back up again. This time, Thank God! I had a neighbor who was outside, and I brought it to his attention, to make sure I was not just hallucinating!He confirmed he too has never seen anything like it. Continued to record, as we tried jokingly suggesting it was some unfortunate clown who may have lost his balloons. The objectS did indeed float gracefully like a balloon!!
Please someone can you explain this! I have tried to be "logical" in my thoughts, by telling myself there is a simple explanation. However, I am certain this is not the Arch Balloons or the Parachute Streamers as other websites have suggested.I would just like to know did any one else get a view of this. I have been searching non-stop. This is West Hollywood, someone else had to see this. I mean come on...We have Griffith Observatory right in the city. They have to know!
P.S: Thought this information maybe important, in the first sighting, there was a by-plane that did fly close to the objects, that is what made me think they could be skydivers. Also, in between the small break up of when i seen the first two and before the small group was in sight, there also was a helicopter and another by plane that fly past. No way they could not have seen this.
