{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-25 04:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483826","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76027","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2672,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/826/mufon-5483826.json","updb_database_id":5483826}
We observed a dark sphere above the horizon that emitted an extremely bright strobing light at the ANZAC Day Dawn Service. the light went out and randomly phazed on /off every 10 sec. There were roughly 2000 people at this service.

Every year Australians celebrate the ANZAC DAY dawn service. We gather to celebrate those servicemen and women lost at war. This event takes place just before dawn. Today I was standing listening to the speeches when looking up to the horizon a very bright flashing light caught my eye.It was like a tripple strobing before it went out. After about 8-10 seconds it lit up once more only this time it wasn't as bright and it looked like a lighthouse light. Gaining in intensity then dulling. The crowd around me heard me telling my two daughters and their school friends and then also began to follow its path. It was an extremely solem occasion so the environment was very quiet,the object gave no sound. We could see a dark sphere when the light was off and it moved slowly across the sky in a northwest direction. At one stage it gave out another bright burst of light before we lost sight of it. It was very high up. I'm not entirely sure of it's exact altitude but it was at a similar height of a commercial aircraft if not slightly lower and moving very slowly. When I first saw the light I knew it wasn't an aircraft because there were no navigation lights visible, there was no sound at all. I also have never seen a satellite this low and that emitted any light other than that of the suns reflection. We should've seen the sun reflecting off it at this time as the sun was rising behind it. Even though we could see the dawns light on the horizon, given the objects altitude it would have been within the suns line of sight making it brighter. I'm not entirely sure on how many people witnessed this event? But I know the packed crowd around me had many looking up and pointing in bewilderment. I didn't get any photos of this event. But all I can say is that it looked like a black/charcoal sphere that seemed to fully light up before going dark again.
