{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547826","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14122","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4693,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/826/mufon-5547826.json","updb_database_id":5547826}
Very slow silent triangle.

I'm not sure of the exact date and have been watching this sight since last February to see if anyone else might report an old sighting in Erath County, considering all the activity there in the past year, but I've seen nothing reported in that area/time period like what we saw, so here goes.

The best I can recall is that it was probably a Friday or Saturday night during the late spring of 1989. My husband was working late and my daughter was not at home. My in-laws lived down the road from us, but were out of town, so my son and I were alone at our rural Erath County home. We were watching TV and waiting for my husband to get home when I suddenly felt the foot stool begin to vibrate slightly, then the couch started to vibrate, and the light bulbs in the ceiling fan began to rattle a bit. My son, who would have been 6 years old at the time if my memory is correct and this happened in the spring of '89, jumped off the couch and said "What the heck is that?". My first thought was an earthquake, but having never experienced one, I didn't know what it was for sure. 

I opened the front door to look outside and saw this "thing" before I ever stepped out the door. My son was right behind me and followed me onto the porch even though I told him to stay in the house. This craft was HUGE. It was at least 5 or 6 times the size of our house. I took about 3 or 4 steps out into the yard and looked directly up at the underside of this thing. It was a clear night and I don't recall any lights on the object, although my son says there were lights. I just remember being amazed at the size, the fact that it was only a few feet above our house, and there was absolutely no noise coming from the thing. It was like it was slowly floating over the house. I would compare it's speed to someone leisurely riding a bicycle, if even that fast.

As I said, I don't recall any lights, but I could clearly make out the shape of the object as it passed overhead simply because it blocked out the sky and was low enough that I could tell it was dark colored, darker than the sky. 

I don't remember being frightened although I do remember some thought of radiation exposure going through my mind, so I kept telling my son to go back in the house. I think I must have become a little concerned about the sighting because I quickly followed him back inside. This is where I really feel strange about the whole thing. We watched this thing pass over the house, which didn't take but about 30 seconds, but instead of watching it out a window, we both went back inside, sat down, and started watching TV again. Anyone that knows me will tell you THAT'S not a normal reaction for me. I'm curious, or maybe even nosy, but anyway THAT was very odd behavior for my son and very odd especially for me. That's the one thing that has bothered me all these years. I could have watched this thing for miles because of the way our house was situated on the top of a hill and instead I just went back to my TV show. I have no idea where it went from that point. I don't know if it followed the road, or the creek that runs behind that house, or if it took off in a completely different direction.

When my husband got home a little later that night we told him about seeing this craft and as I recall we were pretty calm about the whole thing. He suggested that it was probably one of the new stealth aircrafts he had heard about, but he also told us not to tell anyone else we saw the thing *laugh*. As soon as we got internet service a few years later, I began to look up stealth aircraft and then UFOs. The thing that my son and I saw that night looked nothing like any of the stealth planes I've seen photos of, but it did look like a lot of the pictures and drawings I've seen of the triangular UFOs. 

I'm not too concerned about WHAT we saw that night, so long ago, but I am still bothered about our reaction to seeing it. It was just so out of character for either of us to behave the way we did that night. Not a day goes by that I don't at least wonder about it........
