{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-30 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478290","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81843","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3108,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/290/mufon-5478290.json","updb_database_id":5478290}
{jpg I saw a bright light through the window which didn't move during the twenty minutes I observed it. I went outside 40 minutes later and it was still visible.

I was talking with my husband, looking towards a window when I noticed a small bright light through the upper half of the window. I thought at first it must be a plane or perhaps Venus. The object stayed bright white throughout the sighting but pulsated. It flashed off a few times but only for a second. I realized it could not be a plane because from where I was sitting, it remained in the same pane of glass in the upper half of our window. My husband said it was a street light but it was too high to be a streetlight. He tried to take a photo with his iPad and I went to get my Sony camera. I took eight pictures through the glass and screen between 7:28 and 7:37. I checked to see if the pictures came out and what they looked like when I zoomed in. I continued to check if the object was still there and if moved. The object remained in the same place but it went from circular to egg shaped, from my vantage point. I saw another object that traveled towards the brighter and larger object that I was watching. It did not join the larger object and did not stay. It was there and then it wasn't there. At 8:00 (20:00) I went downstairs with my husband to get some dinner but decided to go outside to take a few more pictures. By then the stars were out and Orion's Belt was visible higher up but in the same easterly direction as the object I was observing. I took four photos between 8:18 and 8:20. The object appeared a little higher against the pine tree. Street lights and car lights are visible in the photos in addition to the object and the stars. I don't know when the object left. It was gone by the time we finished eating. I tried to take a video but so far haven't found it on my camera. I probably didn't do it correctly. I have seen things that I can't explain while on airplanes. I am curious but not afraid of the sightings.
