{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481290","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78732","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2577,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/290/mufon-5481290.json","updb_database_id":5481290}
Disc shape seen traveling in a straight line, flying very low.

In 2007 I took a trip with some friends to St.John , in the US Virgin Islands. I've never been able to get this event out of my head, because it was so strange and I'll never forget it. 

We had a lovely condo on the island, within the Westin Resort. We spent a lot of time out on the patio because we had a little swimming pool with a waterfall and it was very relaxing just hanging out with our friends on the patio enjoying some drinks and music. 

Well, on this perfectly sunny day (around 2-3pm afternoon I think) my friend Jon and I were sitting at the table ; and Jon goes "Holy S**t Kyle look at that!" and points up at the sky. All I could see was a perfect disc shape (shadow of the object?) just below the clouds at a very low altitude. I couldn't believe what I was seeing... there it was - a disc shaped "shadow" coming right over our general location (it was not going right over our heads, but off in the distance somewhat ) The object was a little higher than the hills around us. It was like I was looking at the object from the underside, because I could not make out a color -- it was black like the shadow of the underside of the object. 

The object also displaced clouds as it moved (big, white puffy clouds) ... which was quite extraordinary to watch.  We got up and ran out of our gate because it was moving out of our view -- we watched it cruise off into the distance, out to sea in the direction of Florida ... it wasn't moving towards St. Thomas . The speed of the object was slow and steady... not moving at a high rate of speed id say less than a business jet even. It was completely silent . Nothing could be heard at all. 

After that I kept looking up at the sky the entire trip. I half expected to have another experience or see something else but I didn't . I've been thinking about this event recently, and wondering if any other event(s) in that general area had been reported.
