{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-10 13:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284290","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119132","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/290/mufon-5284290.json","updb_database_id":5284290}
Took attention to filming Jet overhead. Watching back video I noticed at end.

My attention was drawn to the sound of a Jet Fighter. I looked up and saw it after hearing a boom, then raised my iPhone to video it and catch the sound.
Drew back camera and turned off recording.
Shortly after, watching this back, I noticed something at the very end of the recording. The last second, maybe 2.
I pressed pause to the recording and slowly scrolled the last 10 to 11 second mark.
Can't say for certain, but this looks like something travelling just above the clouds.
By viewing in slow frame it comes in and out, above open and cloud cover at a very fast speed over a great travel distance.
So, talking to a respected friend who somewhat has had a huge fascination about these matters, I called him and he said I should show this to you.
You be the judge. I'd love to get your feedback.
This was caught just by chance.
But, a few years ago I had a really clear event take place with 3 other witnesses. That was as clear as a crystal ball and close enough to be obvious, about 100 meters away. Two large Red/Orange and best described like crystal balls the size of a Mac Truck. That totally blew our minds.
I'm glad there were 3 others with me when we saw that. 

This above is the original video of today. Too far, too fast, just maybe got lucky to have caught it if it is anything you might feel to be worthy.!?

Attached first is the original video caught on my iPhone. Then followed by with some screen shots of me scrolling through the end of the video.

I also posted this to a group of friends to look at and tell me what they think of it.
Like something out of X-Files. “I want to believe.” This would be real cool!

Hope it's worth more to you who know more about these kind of things.
