{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-22 17:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459290","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102219","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2749,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/290/mufon-5459290.json","updb_database_id":5459290}
{cak} Personal aircraft and reflective metallic object, square or rectangle, flying nearby; reflective object disappeared before plane appeared to fade away

I was driving south on Weber Road between Romeoville and Crest Hill, Illinois on my way to work this afternoon when I noticed two objects which I assumed to be aircraft flying in close proximity to one another. The sky was unusually cloudless, and completely blue where the two craft were flying. Aircraft are not an unusual occurrence in the area, owing to the flight school at the local Lewis University just a few miles from where this was witnessed, and I noticed that one of the aircraft was definitely a private aircraft, similar to a Cessna. 

I thought it strange that the two craft were so close to each other, and it drew my attention long enough to see one craft suddenly begin to fall as if it lost power entirely, then change from an indeterminate shape into a reflective (think almost holographic, like the popular finish on jewelry or water bottles) object that seemed almost two-dimensional and stretched out from a square into a rectangle. The object then disappeared. I would liken it to how a mirage on the road looks like a shimmering pool of water, then suddenly disappears as you get closer to it.

The second craft remained flying normally for a moment, before turning westward (towards the flight school and airport) and then fading away. It appeared to slowly become less... real? Until it simply was not there anymore. I pulled over on the side of the road and watched for a moment, wondering if perhaps there was some cloud cover I wasn't seeing that would have caused the plane to disappear, or if perhaps my eyes weren't as focused as I thought they were and the plane was still there somewhere, but it was completely missing. 

This is not the first time I have seen strange objects and behaviors in the skies in this area, but it is certainly the first time in broad daylight that I have caught sight of it, and the first time I have seen an object that could change shape and reflect light in such a manner, hence why I felt inspired to write this report to you.
