{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-17 01:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487290","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72382","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4532,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/290/mufon-5487290.json","updb_database_id":5487290}
{nd} a alf/man like thing came in my house ended up in my bedroom and did stuff to me. I think i was either gasses or drugged

On June 17, 2015 around 1:30 a.m. What appeared like my son burst open locked back garage door in to kitchen where I was sweeping. I said have you been out jogging? I said this because my son appeared to be dripping wet yet it was not raining outside. He didn't say a word. put his head to my head and I was out cold. Lost track of time. Was out of it. My son actually did get home around 6:30 or 7:00 a.m on june 17, 2015. Got in trouble at work for no call no show. Boss complained that I kept forgetting things and stop acting like a retard. unlike him. So, I went to near by hospital er for a check up on june 20, 2015. They said I was fine.

But, I just knew something wasn't right. So I reviewed all phone messages. videos and pictures.By the way my sons phone stopped working that night then got lost altogether. 

I had called son to see if he was ok at the precise moment the entity burst in. So I heard what should have been a voicemail message. recording has since changed, then vanished. I still have bits and pieces of it. But not what I heard on the original.

Original voicemail message:

crash door opening. Me: have you been out jogging? Then: falling struggleing dog barked a few times.

Entity: said my name three times in a growling garble voice that sounded just like the one in the movie forth encounters with that supermodel in it mia poltovich (can't spell her name) also heard frequencies like someone trying to tune in a radio. all that recording has vanished. now all you can hear is me; Have you been out jogging? struggling, sniffling like I had a runny nose and dog barking..

My phone video: shows an entity with a big nose and scraggly hair doing something to me (blowing gas or operating on me as i'm coming back in to conscienceness) I saw: Why is that woman screaming? (I believe a video (the devils reject was playing in the living room) Entity backs up quickly on moves off to my right. at first it looks like a man, but when I print off a picture it looks like a big nosed entity resembling that charachter in that tv show in the 80's called Alf.

I have another video of something making a growling noise. Will try to send it to. It took months in my free time to print even a picture of this thing. videos will not send, print, turn green screen etc. phone kept saying it doesn't support that file type or extension. started with an E
like eix.

When my son arrived home everything was normal. Didn't remember a thing and wouldn't have even bothered checking in to the events of june 17 if I hadn't almost lost my job due to absent mindedness that week.

Went to hospital again with stomach pains. as I do have a hernia. more test were run in more detail. as I was came in on a ambulance and was admitted to hospitaql for 3 days. A few odd things did show up which i'm still researching, requesting records and x rays. 

1. abnormal findings (were found, but Dr. won't explain)
2. Cylinder shaped object with air in it was visible on x-ray

Received a odd phone call from head nurse seeing if I was ok after I was discharged. She hinted around to request my medical records especially x-rays.
