{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-13 22:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510290","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2307,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/290/mufon-5510290.json","updb_database_id":5510290}
(GS) eight lights over Portland Oregon

It was facing the window that has a great view of Portland and I saw 8 lights evenly spaced all moving at the same speed. All the light moved together. None of the went up or down. They all followed together like attached to something very big. They were really far away over Portland. Looked like jets but no loud booms. This was hidden behind the clouds but the lights shined through the clouds. I have a view of Portland outside and I thought at first it was airplanes but a jet took off. That Portland airport jet looked like a bug next to these lights. I don1t know about aliens from outer space. I thought of star destroyers when I saw the light because of how far away it seemed and filled up the south sky still. I can see all the way to Clackamas hill. The only planes I know that fly in formation are fighter jets. But this was moving so much slower. It was very far away but it seemed to be going 5 miles an hour. A car on the road at that speed would be 5 miles an hour but if this was really far away who knows who speed it was really going. Fighter jet also usually are in groups of 2 or 3 this was 8 and the one at the end was alone. But even fighter jets that far apart can1t be in sync. It was slowly moving north east but mostly east.. I don1t know what that was but I was somewhat afraid. All I have to say is whatever it is or was be sure to be save just in case it1s the beginning of the end1. 

I drew an image to show what the light pattern was. this was no normal aircraft... I also included the airplane that was taking off so that the size was easily read.
