{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-30 15:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529290","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26242","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2515,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/290/mufon-5529290.json","updb_database_id":5529290}
Blimp-like, but not as wide, so more like a cigar with rounded ends

My friend and i were driving south on the US-101 highway Saturday afternoon on my way home from work in Woodland Hills, California. I was telling my friend [first name removed CMS/dr] about a telephone conversation i had the night before, and at that moment, ahead of me in the sky was a huge object, about the size of a blimp in the distance moving slowly across the sky. I have lived in California my whole life, and i am very familiar with what a blimp looks like as the Good Year blimp is stationed in Orange County, so i immediately ruled it out as it was a lot thinner, and was moving quicker than a blimp normally does, and there was no cockpit underneath it. It was moving from the southeast to the northwest, near the San Bernardino mountains. Judging by my location, it seemed to be moving over Glendale, or even maybe Claremont. From my vantage point it didn't appear to have any visible seams , but it did appear to have a slight shiny appearance, almost like hematite. I said to my friend oh my god look at that and he said what and i said i think i see a a UFO and as he was driving he was not able to see exactly what it was that i was seeing, but as i said before i knew for a fact that it was NOT a blimp. I used to live in Camarillo, California, directly under the flight path of Point Mugu Naval Base and the Camarillo Airport, so i am pretty experienced at identifying many different types of aircraft It moved steadily to the north, then disappeared behind the mountains. I made the comment to him that since it was visible in broad daylight, i am not the only one who must have seen this. I came to this site to see if anyone else had reported it, and am surprised that i am the first one. I urge anyone else who is doing the same thing to report this. I have seen other unidentified objects in the night sky, but never in the daytime.
