{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-26 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2232,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5288912.json","updb_database_id":5288912}
Disc shape hovering over Lake Michigan. Red cone shaped light out of bottom of disc Disc followed by flying black boxy military?

I heard the sound of a low flying, very large airplane . This was unusual because, since the pandemic, I have heard very few planes in my neighborhood. Therefore, I looked out my window and then I saw two objects in the sky. The first was a disc shaped, black object with small windows and red pulsating lights. The second object appeared to be following the disc at a higher elevation. That flying object looked like a black box and had a green and red light on the bottom of the box. It was flying at a higher elevation than the disc. Possibly US military? because I have seen this box in my neighborhood a few times in the past and I’ve also seen it in the sky, outside of OHare Airport. The disc, with the pulsating lights and small windows, hovered over Lake Michigan for a few seconds. Next, I saw a red, cone shaped, beam of light come out of the bottom of the disc. This lasted for about a minute. It appeared to be shooting the beam of red light somewhere over the lake and but not far from the shoreline. The other object, the box shaped object, was flying near the disc. As the box came close to the disc, the disc took off. A couple of minutes later, I heard the airplane sound again and then I, again saw both in the sky. Eventually, both disappeared into the cloud cover. At no point did either object hover close to the water. Both were always just below the cloud cover. I live about two blocks from the lake and saw this from my second floor window. This sighting lasted around 7 minutes.
