{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-20 19:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82233","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5477912.json","updb_database_id":5477912}
Pulsating Red and Blue Lights. Dissappeared once and reappeared.

I've seen many strange lights in the sky in the past, but it has been awhile since I have had an encounter.

I am currently working in Ho Chi Minh City as an Engineer and often walk home from work during the evening. I usually take different routes home depending on the time left I have for the day. On the evening of the 20/02/17 at around 7PM, I was walking on the riverside on Hoang Sa, heading towards East. Listening to music and observing my surroundings, I usually like to look up at times to see what planets I can see. Sometimes I use Google's Skymap to identify the planets. On this particular instances, I noticed an object transitioning between blue and red colour with a flight path downward towards the horizon. The transition was not constant either and varied. At first, the speed of the object looked like a normal plane. I know from my previous experiences this may not always be the case, so I locked my eyes on the object. I was also waiting for the white lights usually flashing off the wing tips of planes, however did not see any. Then I noticed that the speed was not constant with minor accelerations here and there. I knew at this point that the object was certainly not a plane. I was really excited because it has been a long long time since I've seen anything, and of all places this particular incident is in Ho Chi Minh. I observed the object heading towards the horizon or houses and trees. Before it went out of view, the lights seems to decrease in intensity and disappeared. So I continued my walk home after a few seconds. The object then reappeared again around where I first saw it earlier and began a similar travel path as it did earlier. Though this time the light seemed less intense. I lost sight of the object after it went behind houses and trees on my horizon.

Around a minute after my sighting I did see an object fly around the specific area, but it was just a plane.

I did take two recordings on my phone, but I think my camera is too poor to capture the incident. Only the light of the star was captured.
