{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64544","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5494912.json","updb_database_id":5494912}
Went outside for ciggarette notice object changing shapes took photos and got wittnesses

My wife and I,my son and his girlfriend were out for supper at my sons girlfriends parents house. After supper while playing cards between hands I went outside for a cigarette.
 while looking around I noticed to the north an object changing shapes. Iwas fascinated as I watched this thing move and change my wife eventually came to get me cuz I was holding the game. I told her you got to come see this. I got out my Iphone as it was changing shape again snapped a a couple of pictures. I went to the house and told everyone else that they had to come and see this.
  Six of us observed for probably ten minutes as it moved to the north as it was just an orb by this time. We went back inside had some discussion on the subject.
  My sons girlfriends parents have religious convictions as I told them of other lights or objects I have seen I think I rattled them.
 We ended the night and returned to my sons house. The next night April 1 while playing cards at my sons I again went outside for a cigarette and there It was again. I observed this again and took a couple of pictures and again had six witnesses.
 Now I am freaked but can not verify. Apparently around 2 am police and fire responded to a burning female woman by the river and I heard that two firemen were injured and hospitalized from some kind of chemical ingestion. I am trying to find out more on this. I live in alberta maybe mufon could find out more about the death. I don't know if this is a related event but Iwill get my son to save any clippings he can find on the subject while I further investigate this. I have photos and its not no saucer going to Edmonton space center Monday april 13 with them. You can cll me for information as I thought about going to the rcmp but not sure that Is a good Idea I could use some help on this thank you.
