{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-07 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56070","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3088,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5502912.json","updb_database_id":5502912}
{nd} Observed 4-5 orange orbs over ocean multiple times for a period of 1-1/2 hours. We saw fast blinking white tiny lights then the orbs would light up and hover then go off again.

My wife and I placed a blanket on the beach around 9:00 PM to watch the stars since there wasn't a cloud in the sky. After about 15 minutes of big dipper locating, I mentioned to wife that it looked like there was a bond fire way down the beach west of us. As we both looked at it, it appeared to be moving and started coming towards us. We had our yorkie with us and were letting her run around without a leash so we decided we better put the leash on her because we thought it maybe the coastal police (orange headlight) on patrol. As it continued towards us, it looked like it was hovering just above the surf, then when it got within a football field it ascended like a chinese lantern and appeared to burn out as it ascended, then we could barely see a skeleton of it as if it were a large ember.

We rationalized that it was a chinese sky lantern but couldn't figure how it could hover just off the groung up the beach towards us for a long distance, then ascend?

After about 30 minutes, we experienced the first event of the orange orbs that were about 500 feet over the water and about a mile off the coast. They had the color of a jack o lantern and the approximate size of a pea held at arms link.

At first only one orb appeared (like someone turned on a light) and hovered for a few seconds, then went out. Couple seconds later, it came on again but about a quarter of a mile left of the area where we saw first one. Then 3 came on all at once together and hovered for about 5 seconds. After these went out, we noticed what looked like tiny white stars flashing intermittently in a tight group. We watched the flickering stars fade away and didn't see anything for another 10 minutes. This time, we saw the grouped white flickering first and said, "Here they come again"...and sure enough we saw the same orange orbs comenon again and hover for a few seconds multiple times.

This happened numerous times over the course of about an hour. The most we saw at one time was 5.

We finally decided to go get the cell phone and call 911 to report it about 10:45 pm. While I was on the phone with the dispatcher, one more appeared and I said, "Look honey, there's another one"!

We sat there for another 45 minutes waiting for the police and never saw another thing, not even the police.
