{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60245","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5498912.json","updb_database_id":5498912}
{cak} Pulsating stationary white light with some fog around it.

I woke up just before 4 a.m. And decided I'd walk out to my back patio to see if I could see shooting stars from the previous night's meteor shower. I looked west just over my neighbor's two story house and I saw what looked like a pulsating light sort of surrounded by fog, although not entirely. It was sort of like an egg lying on its side shape. I could not see any wings or other shape, just this light that was just pulsating. It didn't move except to pulse. It hovered for a few minutes, then it slowly descended down behind trees and I lost it. There was no sound. It was about the height of a helicopter or lower. Not as high as a plane. There was no light coming from the ground like a laser, nor any light going down to the ground from the object. I did not go get my camera because I didn't want to lose it and wanted to see what it would ultimately do. 

I had no idea what it was when I first saw it. Too low to be a star or plane. No sound to be a helicopter. Plus there was only a white light, no other colors. And it had a steady pulse and it was just basically standing still in one place. 

Since it was totally quiet and dark out I didn't want to try to chase after it. Also it was hard to judge how far away it was. It seemed it could be over the next street but it was hard to tell. 

I live by Topanga Canyon and there seems to be a lot of activity around here. I've had two other experiences, one with another person where we were driving on Topanga Canyon coming out of the canyon and we saw what looked like headlights coming toward us straight away. As the lights approached we couldn't figure out what it was because we saw nothing but lights and the lights just separated and went past us on either side. This was several years ago. 

Another time a few years ago four of us were returning to Woodland Hills around midnight on the freeway with absolutely no traffic. A lot of fog. We exited the freeway and was sitting at a red light by the Motion Picture Home on Mulholland Highway when a light seemed to go between the front and back seat of our car. All four people in the car saw it. Afterwards I felt like a metallic taste in my mouth. We don't know what it was.
