{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-16 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2899,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5504912.json","updb_database_id":5504912}
I and 2 friends talking in yard noticed KLM747 gaining alt. going S.over L.Ontario. Saw two lights between jet and us at end event ascended and turned from1 white ball to 3blue triangle equadistant lights dimmer.

It was a warm summer evening when 2 friends and I,a couple I lived with at that address, were looking up and west watching a KLM747 climbing south over Lake Ontario. That location is directly south of Pearson International Airport about a half mile north of Lake Ontario. At this time I noticed two white balls of light between us and the jet,that gave some perspective,flying from west to east. I pointed it out to Lorainne and Andrew and the three of us watched the two craft make aerial maneuvres like they were two dogs chasing one another in a playful manner. At first sight they could not have been much higher than half a mile because they were between us and the 747 and slightly lower. If the pilots were looking east,they had to see them. It was like two people with laser pens casting the beams on a wall chasing each other. No man made aircraft that I know of can turn and climb like that. My father was in the RCAF , helped build the five Arrows and ended his working career building and then inspecting guidance systems for Cruise Missles so I have had decent exposure to the aircraft industry and I would bet the farm that an intelligent life source was influencing the flight path of these two vehicles.They flew almost entirely from west to east with the exception of the circular like loopdy-loo flight paths. They ended up being east of us when they stopped travelling horizontally and went vertical climbing higher. They both seemed to pick a spot near each other, climb higher then dim from single bright white lights to three, dimmer, blue lights in an equidistant triangular pattern. That is to say that the both of them seemed to stop travelling east and went up and both turned into their own triangle. The three lights that comprised each craft were blue and kept dimming until they could no longer be seen. The funny thing was that all three of us said  Hey, that looks like a couple of alien spacecraft. Nobody freaked out and it is only now, roughly five years later, that I felt compelled to add our experience to the MUFON files. We saw something not of this earth.
