{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-09 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90594","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5469912.json","updb_database_id":5469912}
{jpg} Observed light color of very old lampshade, brownish, in color, in a high orbit heading west, brilliant orb came shooting from the aforementioned object

[submitted by letter to IL SD; Sam Maranto] 1UFO Sighting11For your review; I have thought about sending this experience to you for the past couple of years. For some, still unknown reason, perhaps not to be looked upon as another fool, making up a fantasy, and stating it as fact, could be one reason. I have told my experience to family member1s, only to be looked up as aforementioned. I have, from a child, been a sky watcher, and have seen many things I was/am not able to understand. What I shall present to you, shall be the highlight of these many years. I am 72 years of age.It is July 9th, 2016, a very warm evening, in the city of Negaunee, Michigan, I, and thousands of other1s, are about to watch the 1July 4th1 fireworks. The fireworks in Negaunee, are always held the weekend after the regular celebration of the 4th of July over Teal Lake, within the city limits of Negaunee. It was a kind of partly cloudy sky this night, with a full moon to complement the sky. There would also be a strange cloud that looked more like a flat hurricane, huge in size, which I could not help but to take of a picture of, and the moon as well.It would be around 10ish, when with anticipation from the thousands of waiting watcher1s the fireworks began. Over the next hour, perhaps more, we were all awed with the many flares of celebration of our Nation1s Independence. It was sad when all this celebration came to an end, with hands clapping, whistle1s sounding, and people beginning to part from this wonderful experience. It is here that my unknown experience would come to be.I, and hundreds of other1s, are facing almost directly West, perhaps somewhat South West. I say this in correlation to where we watched the Sun sent this evening. As the crowd around me packed up their chairs & other paraphernalia, turned away from the lake, would be East, I took the opportunity stay put, looking over the lake, more specifically into the beautiful star like sky. Though the clouds, which were sparse, were still taking flight, I was able to pick out the light of a satellite, which I look for on many nights I look to the heavens.This evening would be different. As I followed the flight of the satellite, which was heading West, I noted as the satellite became less interesting, there was this other light that caught my eye (which gives me goose bumps as I write) that seemed out of place. The rest of the universe appeared to have the same shade of color, but this one did not. It was the color of a very old lampshade, brownish in color if you will. This object in my opinion appeared to moving West, in a similar route as the satellite, but in a 1much higher orbit1. In my humble opinion, beyond what we consider normal. I continued to watch this object of uncertain as to what it was. Unlike anything I have ever witnessed, but hear of stories of, this brilliant (orb) came shooting from the aforementioned object. In less than a second, it came to a stop, perhaps just at the outer reaches of our atmosphere (guessing). It would remain in this position for a few seconds, then it headed (my notes) West for some distance, then just like that it headed East of North, then headed directly North over the tree tops toward what eventually would be Canada. Then it was gone, ascending to the heavens, and the place of its origins, where I could still make out the lampshade colored object, then it to was gone.So my fellow lover1s of the unknown, you have read my circumstance, which I have not been able to share with other believers, there is something alien about our Universe. Perhaps once in my lifetime, I have been witness to this alien possibility. The imprint on my mind shall last for whatever years I have left on this, our beautiful earth.Thank you so much for taking your time to read my story. [named removed/CMS/jpg]
