{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-24 23:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50761","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":17820,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5507912.json","updb_database_id":5507912}
{rjl} Long lasting and very clear

It was the day after my 21st Birthday. My girlfriend, best friend, and I were sitting around a fire outside of a cabin I rented in Turner bay Idaho for the week of my birthday. My girlfriend and I had been staying there for about 5 days prior to the incident with no strange observations, but the day prior to the encounter, we had a strange feeling we shouldnt be there that night. We went back into town and stayed the night at my mothers house for the evening. It ended up that we didn't have a ride back to the cabin that night anyways, because we were without a vehicle and nobody was willing to take us all the way out there. On the night of May 24th 2011 we were just hanging out, drinking a little bit and enjoying the time away from work and the city. I remember the exact time that I saw the craft because at the moment it flashed over the mountain, my girlfriends phone sent a picture message that she had sent to my best friend and I about a week prior to that night. It was a picture of a small pink orb that she said she saw in the driveway one day while I was at work. The message read, "I just saw this, IDK what it is. What do you think?" I was staring off into the distance and talking about one of my friends cats when I saw a flash over the mountain. I instantly stopped talking and stared in awe at what I saw because it was a rather bright flash that lit up what appeared to be a large portion of the sky. They were both looking at me because I was talking, I remember them staring at me for a few seconds, waiting for me to finish my sentence, but I completely lost what I was saying and told them what I had seen. I remember my girlfriend getting up and walking toward the driveway, which was between myself and the object, to see if she could get a better look at what I saw. There was no longer a light in the sky, but she proceeded to stand there and look anyways. Then she asked me to come over there, I got up and walked over to her. She pointed out a couple of lights in the woods that appeared to be some porch lights of a house down the hill through the trees. It was really hard to see them, because they werent very bright and they didn't appear to be moving. So we stood there and squinted into the woods to look for some form of detectable movement. After a minute or two, it became apparent that they were indeed moving, ever so slightly. I remember telling her that I saw movement. We then went over the theories of what it could be. Some of the suggestions included someone walking through the woods looking for their dog, someone on the road taking a walk, possibly some people that I had invited to my birthday party (even though they were a day late and had no clue as to the location of the cabin we were at). We pondered on it for some time and kept doubting our suggestions. About 10 more minutes went by as we were discussing what they could be, and then I saw some more of them. Two were off more to the left and appeared to be pretty spread out (about 30 or 40 feet from each other) but appeared close together. I then looked around the woods surrounding us to see if there were more on top of the ones we were already seeing. I saw another one off to the right of the 4 of them, It appeared to be a lot closer to where we had our fire and was quite a ways off from the rest of them. Then I heard a stick snap approximately 50 feet from the fire over by where my friend had parked his car. At this point I was extremely curious to see what they were and told my girlfriend that I was going to go down there and check it out whether or not they wanted to come with me. I waited a moment and had no reply, so I barreled off into the woods, down the hill, and didn't even bother to look and see if they were following me. I was equipped with a glow-stick/flashlight that I had purchased at Wal-mart, the the knife that I always carried on my belt. I turned on the light and literally plowed through the brush and into the darkness to get a closer look. This was completely out of the norm for me, as it was around midnight and we were out in the middle of nowhere. Normally I have a pretty strong fear of what might be lurking in the woods at night and would not have gone down there, especially by myself, with limited light, and a small pocket knife. But I proceeded to do so anyways. As I was stumbling down the hill I could begin to make out some more defined lights. There were clear classic shaped alien heads, only they were outlined in a plasma blue color. their eyes were almond shaped and I could only see them because they too were the plasma blue color. I have never seen such a blue color in my life. It was penetrating in the darkness and it didn't light up anything around the beings. From what appeared to be their hands there were a couple of different lights being emitted. One of which reminded me of a laser, but was more broad and shone sort of like a flashlight. I remember this light being pointed in my direction a couple of times and I could see it more brightly but again it didn't light up anything in the surrounding area. There was also a greenish light the seemed like some sort of flashlight, which also didn't appear to light anything up in the surrounding area. There was one being in particular that I was going after and could see that it was less than 60 or 70 feet from me. The decent into the woods was steep and it was hard to tell where exactly these lights were coming from. I came to a spot about 30 feet down where I could see this face shape extremely clear. I stopped and looked at it. It was looking back at me or so it seemed. So I began to call out to it. I remember my words being something along the line of, "Its OK, Im not hear to hurt you, I just want to see what you are." I remember saying at one point, "We come in peace." Completely honestly and not with any sense of humor, only to hear my girlfriend and friend laughing at the comment from where I left them. The being was approaching me slowly at this point, its head swaying back and forth in the darkness similar to the way a bird walks. It came a little bit closer and hid behind a tree. I watched as it poked its head out slowly on one side and then went back behind the tree, just to poke its head out on the other side. I kept expecting some form of telepathic communication from the being but felt nothing other than the shared curiosity that I had for it. I walked down further and approached what looked like a small stream running through the woods after about 50 feet of down hill from the road I started on. I stepped through the brush into the stream (but didn't get wet at all) and heard what sounded like an elk, maybe 6 feet off to my left. Under normal circumstances this would have scared the living daylights out of me in pitch black, but I felt absolutely no fear, only curiosity and an urgency to reach the being I was chasing after. The hill went right back up on the other side, and I came to the conclusion that the being was within 20 feet of me at that point but could no longer see this specific one. In the near distance I could still see the other lights that looked like some kind of a search party looking for a lost child in the dark. There were no sounds of footsteps that I could make out, and the air had an eery silence to it. I came up the hill to the spot that I believed the being was just standing in and looked around only to see Nothing! I couldnt believe it. How could I have missed the sound of it running off when I was so close to it? so, still determined, I walked over to a stump and had a seat on it. Lit a cigarette up and planned on waiting until it showed itself to me or I heard something that would help me determine its location. About thirty seconds went by and I heard a stick snap right behind me! I spun around and clicked on my flashlight again. There was somewhat of a clearing right there and I should have very easily been able to see something if it was indeed there. But, alas, there was nothing again. I took another drag of my cigarette, and somehow in only a minute or two, my Newport menthol 100 had burned itself to the butt. I snuffed the burning filter out into the ground and proceeded to light up another one. I sat for a moment and smoked a few drags of it, watching the lights as they moved through the woods around me. There had to have been at least 6 of them, all blue lights and some had that orange laser looking light paired with them. The next thing I know, my girlfriend is calling into the woods, "My love!" I tried to speak, but I was all choked up, so I cleared my throat and let out some sort of sound that seemed like a croak of an old smoker lady. She said she was wondering what I was doing down there so long. I replied that I had just sat down and I was waiting to see what was going to happen. She then said that I had been gone for around an hour and a half and really wanted me to come back up there. I told her, "Just a couple more minutes, Im so close right now!" I could see that there was a light about 30 feet from where her voice was coming from and proceeded to tell her that there was one pretty much right next to her. I pointed in the darkness, stupidly, and said "right over there!" She clearly didn't see my pointing finger in the darkness and had no idea which direction to look... I sighed because I hadnt actually made physical contact with them and I knew that I probably shouldnt sit in the woods all night playing the waiting game. So I stood up and clicked on my light again, looking for a way out of the woods. There was a trail practically right in front of my feet that looked highly trafficked by the local wildlife so I decided I would follow it up and out of the woods. On my way out I could still see the lights but knew that they were busy with whatever they were doing, and probably wouldnt come over to me. I walked up the path which went right through the stream (there was hardly any water in it) when I heard a noise that sounded like a cross between a baby bear and an owl. It was a cooing growl sound that sounded completely unfamiliar to me. It stopped me in my tracks and I asked if she had heard it. She replied, "yeah, that was weird", and I continued up the trail. When I got to the top of it (right on the driveway) she and my friend were sitting there talking about what was going on. I told her what had happened and how close I had gotten to it. She said that she went in the house and they were hanging out in there for over an hour when they decided they better check on me. I couldnt see how that much time had passed when it had only felt like 20 minutes max. We all walked back over to the fire and I sat there. I felt so in shock, so full of questions, and completely lacking all emotion. They kept asking me what was wrong and I kept telling them nothing. I was just pondering over what had just happened. My friend proceeded to go inside saying that he had to go to the bathroom. My girlfriend followed, presumably because I wasnt saying much. They stayed in there for about 10 minutes, while I was still watching the lights in the woods. Then I saw two of them split off from the rest and head in the direction that seemed to be the way I had just personally taken out of the woods and back to the house. Something inside me said, "theyre following me" I knew as soon as they disappeared behind the hill that they were indeed headed up the path I was just on myself. I sat there waiting for them to come over the top where we were just at, and then I would see them up close and personal. Only I saw nothing. I waited for a few minutes, and that was when I heard what sounded like footsteps on the driveway (it gives me chills to just think about it still). I looked to the cabin and could see my friend and girlfriend sitting at the dining room table. I thought I cant be out here all alone when they come up here. If something was to happen to me they would have never known where I went, what had happened, and I started to panic. I came inside and I didn't say anything at first. I looked out the windows towards the driveway but still didn't see any kind of light out there at all. I found it odd that I heard them a few times but didn't see them, other then when they were further away. We ended up staying inside until the sun started to peak over the horizon and the sky started to light up a little bit. The lights were still in the woods only they had spread out quite a ways from where they had originally started off at. This time there was a second light. It was golden in color and looked like it was up in the trees. It looked like a small, solid, bright, golden man with wings and was moving as if floating up stairs back and forth. It looked like it was maybe hopping through the branches. I turned my attention to this and watched for a couple of minutes until it got close to the top of the trees and it disappeared. We sat and talked for a little while, making sure that we had all seen the same thing, and again going over things that it could have been. Then I saw a white light in the sky. It was a very familiar light as my girlfriend and I had been seeing it almost every night flying towards the NE and always going the same speed. Only this time it was closer. I could make out the disc shape of it, and something else. It was divided as if someone had take a pizza cutter to the light being emitted on the bottom and cut it into four pieces. At this point I took out my phone and attempted to record it (nice right, after all that had already taken place) but it didn't show up on the phone (you know how those cameras work). It flew off and we watched it to the point that it disappeared. Then I turned my attention back to the woods only to notice that the lights had gone away with it. I begged them to go into the woods with me and investigate now that it was getting light outside. But my friend had to be home at 7 to watch his daughter because his girlfriend had to be to work. He told me to let him know what we found though. So I told him I would and we let him take off. My girlfriend and I were pretty tired after having stayed up all night and decided that we could go and investigate after we took a nap, so we went inside and to lay down. Around 1 pm we woke up and started to make something to eat. I left her in the kitchen at that point and told her that I was gonna go and check it out. I made my way back to the trail that I, and the beings, had come up earlier that morning and was looking for anything that seemed to be out of the ordinary. I had rained a couple days before that with a pretty wicked thunderstorm, so there was still a decent amount of water in the dirt that retained my foot prints somewhat. On the way down all I could make out were some deer tracks it looked like, possibly a large moose and my own footprints. I walked down to where the stream was, and that was when I noticed something off. The moose tracks were extremely odd in the respect that the hooves were spread about 6 inches apart. Upon further investigation, I discovered that these hooves went down into the ground about 4 inches on one and 6 or so on the other. It was odd, really odd. So I took a step back and that was when I realized that it wasnt hooves, but toes. Toes of a foot that was triangular in shape and had a pointed heel. These tracks were anywhere from 16 to 18 inches long and clearly werent created by something that is indigenous to the north Idaho woods. I snapped some pictures of it and looked around some more. I found these tracks all throughout where I had seen the lights moving about in the woods all night. They covered nearly every inch of ground that was open. and even left some tracks in fallen trees, leaves, and what appeared to be burn marks on a rock or two. I was completely amazed at what I was seeing! there was actually physical proof that coincided with what I had been witnessing for hours! I took a ton of photos of all the tracks that I could find. Some trees that looked like they had seen immense heat on only one side of them and tons of weeds with the same characteristics. The grass throughout the area of the footprints was also reddened and wilted. It looked like someone came through there with a flamethrower, and I was wondering what would have caused that kind of damage. I looked everywhere, and when I got back to the cabin, I saw that there were these footprints all the way around the house, fire-pit, and even the shack off by the end of the driveway. It was mind blowing! Since them I have lost the pictures along with my little sisters laptop i had copies on and my phone that had the originals. I know what I saw was real though and I have a couple of witnesses that can testify to all that I have written. I would personally love to know if anyone else has had a similar experience, and if so would love to hear what they have to say about it. Ive added a picture of what I saw, minus the slant that they had in their eyes (its somewhat hard to do in paint).
