{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-16 21:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59211","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2467,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5499912.json","updb_database_id":5499912}
{dr} saw a light with red on the left side and white on the right. It appeared slightly bigger than a planet . It changed into an orange hexigram shaped orb with other colors behind it. It moved all around, then changed into four different colored lights.

I saw a large red and white light in the eastern sky out of my kitchen window while I was doing the dishes. It was the night of the "super moon" and meteor shower. The light appeared slightly larger than what a planet would look like, but smaller than an ordinary sized moon view. It was strange because it appeared red on the left side and white on the right side. I was amazed at how still it was, as if it were a star and not any kind of craft at all. The light hovered for a few seconds and moved quickly straight up. I realized I knew of no aircraft that could do that. It then moved straight down. I called for my husband and adult son to come and look. We went out onto our deck to watch. It hovered perfectly still between each movement. The light moved left and then right. I viewed it through my telephoto lens and saw a large orange orb with other colored orbs behind it. The orb moved all around and seemed to almost disappear at one point. The orb first seemed round, but then appeared somewhat hexagonal. The light then changed into four lights, two yellow lights surrounded by red lights and one green light, and one light. You can see on the video how bright the centers of the lights were. It appeared to move forward and then backward. We all felt we were witnessing a UFO. The lights pulsated rather than blinked. The lights appeared to land behind some distant trees. Later, when I analyzed the video frame by frame,I noticed a possible discharge cloud below two of the lights.
