{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-08 21:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5546912.json","updb_database_id":5546912}
Bright light in sky above trees, not moving almost like a helicopter spot light but much bigger and brighter..

On 10/8/2009 Atlanta GA, Walton County, My girlfriend and I were driving down HWY 78 east towards Monroe GA when I noticed a large light in the sky. At first I did not say anything to her as I thought it was just a Helicopter with a spot light on, but it seemed much bigger, almost like a large bright star. As we got futher down hwy 78 I asked her what that was, she thought it was a Tower light, but the tower was almost beside us and was flashing red. At this point the object was not moving, but you could tell from the size of the lights it was big.. I thought it must be a large cargo plane moving slowly and low, but this was not moving and was to big for that..I looked at the time it was 9:15pm. As we got closer I could see that there was 4 lights and that they were White and very large in size. We pulled over on the shoulder by a local church driveway and I just stared at these lights. Then, I seen a small red light about what seemed to be maybe 2 football fields infront of this object were just floating there, it was weird cause the red dot was like dead in front of it, she said it was almost like it was pulling the large object.. I pulled off back on to the highway and made a u turn into the Between gas station, at this point I put our windows down and all you could hear was a deep humming, not like a jet or a plane, more like a electric current, we could see up under this massive craft, she descibed it as boomerange shaped and that the lights were split, like 2 on one side and two on the other, with a gap in the middle, same is what I seen as well.. there is no way a plane of that size could just sit there that heavy and without falling to the ground.. At that point it seemed as if the object was moving pointing more towards the west, I got on hwy 78 west, my girlfriend now had her window to the craft.. we were basically under it but it was a little off to her right, she said to me to hurry up it was moving slow but turning and the trees were in the way of seeing it.. this craft was low.. as I got on 78 I seen the red dot in front of the craft split into another round dot that was blue, and the red dot was already small enough. So, at this point there were a red and blue dot infont of the craft and all 4 lights still on. We were on the hwy but going very slow, at once all 4 lights went out and the 2 small lights were gone as well.. I got speed up to 65mph on 78 west up the road and pulled over on a hill, this would have got me in the direction it was going, as I pulled over, I got out of my truck and cut it off, I did not see or hear anyting.. I stood around for about 5 min and nothing... I have no idea what this was.. to be that massive of a craft and to be so low and I don't know how it keeping itself up.. when it vanished, it did not power up or flash away, it just went invisible..
