{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491912","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67638","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/912/mufon-5491912.json","updb_database_id":5491912}
{dr}multiple orbs of light traveling over head at various times over a 90 min period

on 7/4/15 at 9:15pm standing in driveway awating start of fireworks display from nearby field, myself, my mother and father all witnessed an orange orb travel from north east direction to north west in horizontal line, then reaching an area where it traveled directly straight up till light became faint and shut off. after awaiting 5 min, the light was again seen taking the same path, there were other airplanes in vicinity well above the level of the object which were noticable as planes due to lighting pattern on the object, No sound was heard from the orbs. after second orange orb disappeared, noticed a red orb directly in front of my line of sight as fireworks display ongoing, hovering in place for 5-6 min, then it instantly began to travel in a westerly direction and abruptly stopped. hovered for another 2 min, then traveeled in a 90 degree angle from initial trajectory to due north till out of eye line. 10 min after noticed 3 more instances of orange orbs completing similar trajectory as first 2.  looking about, noticed 2 green lights from directly down the block off to the east above tree line, they were coming directly down the block, my father and i walked to middle of street to see it better the lights immediately stopped and hovered, as it hovered the green lights independently of each other began to swivel and turn from green to red and back to green it then descended very slowly till went behind tree line. these objects were visible by naked eye, no actual structure was seen, it was just pure light. looked at them through binoculars, but still no structure was seen only pure light. there was no sound associated with the lights but sound was heard from the planes passing by while observing these lights. all witnesses are adults, above 40, no alcohol was consumed prior to observation. This was our first ever witnessing an event like this which is completely confounding us.
