{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-06-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109217","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5452425.json","updb_database_id":5452425}
Zigzag formation with two forward points of what appeared to be circular pieces of glass that rotated

I realize that this was a long time ago, but I have never heard of any other sighting like it and would like to know if it has been viewed by others. I was about 12 years old when this happened and lived outside of Mayeville, WV on a fram. I was outside of the house and looked into the field behind the house and saw what appeared to be circular pieces of glass moving in a formation that appeared to be a two -point zigzag shape. Allog the pieces were completelt see through and there was no sound. Each "spheer" appeared to be a circular piece of glass that was rotating in the air as if you would see it then not then see it again as if you hung a piece of curcular glass on a string and then spun it slowly. The formatin stayedthe samealmost as if it was the fron tof a larger invisible craft or something. It was moving at what I would say was about 5 mph (very slowly) and about 100 to 150 feet ff the ground. I woould estimate that the "formation"was approximately 50 to 100 feet accross itself. I went inside and told my family and my sister came out to see it. at thistime it was much higher in the air and was now turned as if facing towards the house. When I pointed at it to show my sister, it rose straight up into a cloud and disappeared.  Almost as if it waswatching us and when it realized it had been seen it hid. After this we were surrounded by what appeared to be shiny metal shavings floating in the air. Almost like bright metalic dust paricles if that you see when dust is in the air in a brightly lit room. We could move our hands through this and it would fluctuate, but we could not collect it on our hands. This "exhaust" had no smell and we were not affected in any way. I would love to know if any one has had any type of similar experience, or if this could be explainedany other way. Thanks.
