{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42733","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4020,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5515425.json","updb_database_id":5515425}
{cak} voice apparition and followed by torture and torment.

I was in my home standing by my computer when I heard a violent sound coming through the ceiling and a entity from the grey colony stood about five feet from me and appeared to be about four feet tall.
And the reason I noticed this entity is because it was very close to me and said the favor of God is with you. I did not know what it was and just watched it nodding its head back and forth. I watched for a few moments and simply went into another room, and when I came back it was gone.

Now a few months later I was watching Larry King do a show about extraterrestrials that featured Deepak Chopra and Stephen Hawkings and others, and it was shortly thereafter that I asked an extraterrestrial named Gabriel to come forth and a female entity came to me with a message that God loves me-has many gifts- and that this entity does not use words.
I simply sat there and said nothing back to this voice being. A couple days later I was meditating in my living room and the same entity came upon me and told me to be quiet because I was invoking something at the time. And this is what started an unusual experience of this extraterrestrial named Gabriel into my life that included the one known as the Lord and others. I was asking a lot of questions about the astral body, but they really didn't want to tell me much of anything. I got brushed off most of the time.
All of this transitioned into another voice apparition who remained unknown to this very day. He announced himself by saying we don't know what to make of you, Sir. And before I knew what was happening this spirit was much too strong for me personally and had me doing things against my will. I was forced to throw trash and garbage all around my house and pick it up with my mouth. I had to throw bottles of juice on my brand new rugs and clean it up. And then several of these extraterrestrials appeared at once to question me about the biblical figure named Caiaphas that sent Christ to die in Israel. They tried to tell me I was this man named Caiphas to make me feel guilty for what happened to Christ. The angel Gabriel would tell me I was lying if I said I was not this person. And all of them said I must be punished for what I did as this person. I didn't know what to do under such pressure by these extraterrestrials.
Soon I was lying upon the floor receiving what is called zaps(electrical
impulses) in my body. They tried to tell me it would make me strong, but all it was doing was hurting my body and psychological condition. I was forced to stay up till four in the morning every single night, and when I started to get upset and curse at them they began to severely punish me. I was calling a hotline to complain about what was happening to me, but they would not listen to me because they didn't understand and really could do nothing to help me. I contacted an alien abdustion website and got a message about groups in my area and nothing really of any use at all.
Right now they are stopping me from sleeping at all and giving me knots in my body and zaps that are extremely painful. They are telling me that they want me to die, because they do not really like the earth and people like me. This is my story and I want to get this story out to the media and other communication outlets so people will know what is really going on in these changing times of a changing world.
