{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-17 22:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75405","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3048,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5484425.json","updb_database_id":5484425}
{rjl} Large cross shaped orb with bright lights (was suddenly appeared at tree top height. phone and radio suddenly turned off. as i passed along highway, the orb appeared to hover & then land somewhere near where it was spotted; I did not stop.

I was driving with my children along route 256 between Memphis and Childress Texas, on my way to Oklahoma. During what appeared to be a very quiet and unlit stretch of hilly road, a very bright metallic cross-like orb suddenly appeared next to the highway. It was very shiny like modern blue metallic plane but inverted as if the cockpit was pointing upward (shape of a cross). It seemed to shake back and forth very quickly as it hovered in place with bright belt of white lights shining around the entire diameter of the strange object. 
I was talking through my blue tooth device and using GPS in the car when both suddenly stopped working. The radio, GPS and cell phone all turned off as if there was no power in the car. 

In my uncomfortable panic, I said a quick prayer and accelerated the car to create more distance from the object. 

The object appeared slightly larger than semi-truck trailer in width and maybe 10-15 feet in height. As we passed I saw that its erratic shaking gave the impression of a saucer-like shape at first. But it was definitely a cross like object with a wingspan. 

My daughter watched as we passed and saw the white lights change to a blue-ish color and said that it hovered and then moved to the other side of the road behind us and appeared to land. The uncomfortable feeling of seeing something so unusual first hand caused enough concern to not want to stop or get closer. 

We reached our destination about and hour and a half later. As I provided details to my husband, he suggested that my daughter and I each go into separate rooms and draw a picture of what we thought we saw, without the other's knowledge. The pictures were almost identical.

I've never given UFOs much thought before but have also never seen anything so unusual with such clarity up close. But I know what I saw was a metallic object with lights, hovering in the night sky along Route 256 near childress, Texas. I saw it up close and I can understand now that we shouldn't be quick to judge other people's bizarre stories...some things are difficult to explain but you know when you see it.
