{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-20 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62971","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2476,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5496425.json","updb_database_id":5496425}
{cak} First noticed what looked like a helicopter lit up flying in virtical figure eight over the tree tops SE of my house, viewed it for 3 or 4 minutes, then I saw a large something with 4 glowing afterburners with a white light on each end go south slow

I was outside my house on the evening of Oct. 20, 2014 with my dogs. I noticed what I thought was a helicopter flying up and down, back and forth SE of my house just at treetop level, the trees covering some movement. I didn't hear any sound, I can always hear them coming or going, we're just south of Dover Airforce base. This was about 3 to 4 minutes maybe. I went in the house and to the bedroom where I could continue watching. It was still doing the same thing, I wondered why they were flying like that there. Then about when I got tired of watching, about 3 to 4 minutes, a large object flew above the field going from North to South, fairly slow as a helicopter would but not a jet. The cloud cover was low, the object looked like four glowing afterburners on a jet with a bright white light on either end, it seemed low for a jet and not real fast but slow and not a helicopter, there was not a sound, and I saw the glow of mist around the red burners. While I was watching the lights go by, the helicopter thing kept up and down and back and forth, sometimes being obscured by the treetops. Then when the larger object had flown into the clouds towards the south and I no longer saw it, the helicopter lights were gone too. The helicopter lights were white and blue, the jet thing lights were blazing red like you see on an infared stove, the white lights were ball-like, very bright. I wondered if what I was seeing was the back end of a jet with the four afterburners and the two lights, one on each wing. But that close to the house I should have heard something. I was all just odd, not sure what to think of this.
