{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1960-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69163","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5254,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5490425.json","updb_database_id":5490425}
{cak} whirring sound caught my attention looked out the window to see a light moving slowly above the treeline. It came close enough for me to make out a saucer-shaped craft with bluish-green lights. After hovering, it shot straight up and disappeared.

This occurred in [location removed] , about 1959 or 1960. I was maybe 11 or 12 at the time, living on the second floor of an old Victorian house on [location removed] , with my mother and older brother. I recall there were only three television stations in town, and they usually signed off around 11:30. There was no school the next day. I don1t recall if it was because of a weekend or a holiday. My mother and brother had already turned in. But I was wide awake hoping for a late movie. No such luck. The last station signed off for the night and I was left with no alternative but to go to bed. I slept in a small room off from the main bedroom.
As I was getting undressed I heard a faint whirring sound outside (that1s the best way I can describe it). I flicked off the light and looked out the window toward the park/playground across the street. In the distance I saw a light just above the tree line, how far away I couldn1t really tell. It rose and proceeded in my direction. By this time it had my full attention. 
It came close enough for me to make it out as a craft of some kind. Under the bright moonlight I could see its shape and the sheen reflecting from its smooth silver surface, which appeared to be stainless steel or aluminum. It appeared to have a saucer shape. From my perspective to the side, it was like a flattened football. There were bluish-green lights dotted along its rim, like the windows of an airliner. At least that part was not spinning, as the sound suggested. The pitch of the sound rose and fell as it moved, indicating speed. I remember being more captivated than frightened.
At that age I was into military aircraft and I could tell you pretty much what kind of aircraft were being used by our Armed Forces, and most other nations. This was not one of ours (I mean terrestrial). We had nothing (and still don1t to my knowledge) that looked like, sounded like, or could maneuver like this craft. It was difficult to tell the size because I had no way of judging the distance. The impression I got was that it might have been roughly the size of a Boeing 707, or a C-130 Hercules (military cargo plane). 
At its closest point, it stopped dead still and hovered for a few minutes, somewhere between 500 and 1,000 feet up. Other than the low whirring sound, there was no noise of engines, propellers or rotors beating the air. Then, it abruptly shot straight up and in a matter of seconds it was nothing but a moving dot of light, before it was completely out of sight. I knew for a certainty that this was no natural phenomenon. It was a physical, mechanical object under intelligent control. I have heard some of the debunkers claim that such sightings could be attributed to ball lightning, swamp gas or other natural occurrences. But this was none of that. The image is nearly as clear in my mind today as it was then. What I saw and heard was not something you are likely to forget. 
In my excitement, at school that week I mentioned it to a couple of friends. They listened, and neither actually came out and called me a liar. But I can still remember the doubtful looks on their faces. It occurred to me at that point that this might be something better kept to myself. 
This sighting is likely the reason I am an avid science-fiction fan today. I don1t have to imagine if someone else might be out there. I1ve seen the proof. Although, I did wonder what the occupants must have been like. Unfortunately, I had not yet taken up photography, so there are no pictures. It might have helped if I had awakened my brother or my mother to witness it. But that didn1t occur to me until later, when I was lying awake trying to get to sleep. 
At the age of 68 I am no longer concerned about who might consider me a crackpot. And from what I have read, there are other folks at MUFON who have had similar experiences. One thing I need to mention is that I was not one of those preadolescence who didn1t know the difference between fact and fantasy. I knew there was no Santa Clause or Easter Bunny. My brother and I were usually with my mother when she bought our Christmas presents. I used to watch Superman, but I knew no one could actually fly without some assistance. When I saw what I saw I was neither sleepy nor deluded. A real, though unidentified, craft had appeared in the night sky above Savannah, GA. If anyone else witnessed it 1 I suppose I will never know.
