{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-10-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31423","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5524425.json","updb_database_id":5524425}
I observed an electric blue colored dome on the ground 12' from me.

It was the mid 1970's about 7:30 PM in the fall of about 1975, and I was driving home to Ashland, OR, after a shopping trip in Medford. I had just entered the local one-lane access/maintenance road, when I noticed a very bright blue dome sitting on the ground to my left and up ahead. I pulled half way off the road and parked. I always thought that if I saw a UFO, I would try to get aboard. The dome was so electric blue and bright that after I had driven up to it, I slouched behind the car door. I thought that the dome must be generating a great deal of heat, but I got up the courage to straighten up and look at it. There was no heat and no sound. I was about 12 feet from the object. My radio was on and I could hear police, highway patrolmen, truckers, and other civilians calling in about the dome.

I was afraid to try to approach the dome because it appeared to not be solid, but made up of 'electrons' only. It looked like the blue you see in an electrical arc, but it was a perfectly shaped dome. I felt at the time, that a solid object or a person could not exist inside the dome; it would just disintegrate. The intense blue-light dome did not pulsate. The dome appeared to be made only of electric blue light. I did not throw anything at it, because that seemed to me to be a rude and violent gesture.

The electric blue was the same opacity all over, the edge of the dome was totally defined to the eye. After about 20-30 minutes the dome gradually grew brighter(over 10 seconds, but I felt no heat and heard no sound. At the end of that time it rose straight up and I could see the bottom. It was perfectly flat. I need to emphasis that the dome was a perfect half sphere. The dome rose slowly at first, then it just took off. I watched it as it zigzagged aroud the sky, then it went so high that I could no longer see it.

I went back the next day to look at the site. The dome reached from about five feet from the access/maintenance road to about 30 feet from the I5 freeway. I couldn't see any inprint, nor any flattened vegetation. Nothing was discolored.

Since I had been taught scientific observation techniques, I drew the dome so I could accurately describe to scientists, military, and government officials what I had seen and what had occurred. 

There was a very short (3-4") story in the Ashland newspaper about the dome the next day. I worked for the Southern Oregan State College (now university) in the Chemistry department as a technical typist (I typed chemical formuls, etc.). I thought since I was a trained observer and a responsible citizen, officials would look me up and interview me. That never happened. I told a couple of chemistry professors about it and to my surprise they weren't interested, and they knew me. I felt very let down by the scientific community. I also felt that our scientists are not inquisitive, but they should be. I was astounded that neither the military nor the federal government interviewed me. It feels good to set this down on 'paper'. Maybe you can find the newspaper article, the policemen, the highway patrolmen, and the truckers (all on I5) and interview them. If I can answer any addition questions, please contact me. I chose the anonymous option above because I don't want to be contacted by a bunch of kooks. If you have someone who wants to talk with me and you respect him, feel free to give him my name, e-mail address, or phone number.

Once again, thank you for providing a forum where I could post my experience in detail. I was afraid that I would die and no one would know that UFO's really exist, because of a lack of credible witnesses. Please excuse the spelling mistakes, no spellcheck. :)

When I try to submit this document, I receive a message that says: the event date cannot be earlier than the current date, so I changed the event date to 2011.
