{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-20 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5284425.json","updb_database_id":5284425}
Saw red, orange and blue lights flash in a triangle pattern over airport.

It was the night of 9/20/21, it had been dark maybe 30 minutes. I saw three individual flashes in a triangle pattern that was maybe 500ft in the air at about a 45° angle from me to the south east. I was at the local airport at the time. The lights flashed one at a time for about a 10th of a second in a triangle pattern. The lights were red, orange and blue. At first i thought it could be the spots you see when you close your eyes or stare at lights and then look away, kind of like tracers, but i asked my son if he could see it and he said yes. I asked him what he saw without describing it to him and he said "i saw a red, orange and then blue light flash very quickly in a triangle pattern." It would flash all 3 colors one at a time about 2 seconds apart from one another. I thought i could see a vague outline of a black triangle with the lights flashing at each corner point. The craft hovered in the same spot for about 5 minutes tops and we saw the lights flash maybe 10 times. I went to grab my phone out of my car so i could video record it but when i quickly got back to the viewing site i saw all 3 lights flash at the same time, one last time and at the same time all 3 lights flashed, the craft went straight up and we didnt see it again. We waited and 
waited, hoping to see it again, staring at the sky for the next few hours and saw nothing for the rest of the night. I was very shaken up and so was my son. I am an aviation enthusiast and i know alot about aircraft. I can garuntee this was not any normal aircraft i have ever seen. Please, has anyone ever seen anything like this? I told my family what i saw right after the event and they didnt believe me, so now i know how others feel that have seen something like this and they have no one to talk to that will listen. Thats why im here, typing this at 3am., I cant get it off of my mind, i have been having dreams about it ever since.
