{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-26 10:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27154","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5528425.json","updb_database_id":5528425}
Unusual contrails and unknown objects near them

Looking NE at 10:45 a.m., noticed three seperate contrails forming very close together, but definitely seperate.All three were ascending at a 90 degree angle. This caught my attention, as I have been observing strange aerial phenomenom for at least two years now. I focused on one and saw a white oval shaped object dart away from the contrail and descend very rapidly! For the rest of the day contrails were forming E to W creating a blue and white striped sky. The contrail themselves are a mystery and seem to be related to orb presence. On 12/15 I observed a black oval object leave an area of contrails. Exactly like the photo from MO posted on report page right now. I agree with the witness in MO when they say that these contrails don't dissapate like normal jet contrails. I have seen the same thing countless times now. When I try to view the maker of the contrail with binoculars, I sometimes see a long dull gray plane with no markings. Othe times I see a small, highly reflective object that appears to be a plane length ahead of the contrail! Kind of bouncing around. I haven't reported anything for a few months now, but felt compelled to today. End of the year thing. Maybe. Anyway, on 12/2 I saw two white strobing orbs floating right near each other. The next thing I know, they turn pale orange, get bigger, and ascend rapidly out of sight. Other phenomenom that I personally feel are connected: blue and pink auras in the clouds, but not near the sun which would explain the colors, white flashes of light at night. Also blue. Orbs that look like common stars until they start moving, ascending, descending, merging with others, make sharp turns, blink on and off,fly in really low, to name a few. Colors of the orbs range from white to amber to yellow. I have been seeing strange things like this consistently. How I feel? Bewildered awe. Happy New Year Mufon, I'm sure you'll be hearing from me in 2011.
