{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-25 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2726,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5529425.json","updb_database_id":5529425}
White cylinder with indentation in middle (like a cigar w/band in middle)

I stepped out on my back porch to drink my morning coffee of which I always do every day just to take in a bit of the morning sun. I always look up to the sky just to observe the sparrows in the trees and the Honkers of which there are a lot of this time of year. As I scanned the blue sky I noticed a bright white object coming from North and heading south. I immediately thought "how strange this object looked". It was a bright white yet transparent looking object. The front and back were rounded just like a long tube. There was a slight discoloration (slightly darker than the bright white/transparent color of the rest of the object) in the middle which gave it the appearance of a band around it. I listened for "sound" but heard none but I also know that you can't always hear a planes engine until they have passed over you somewhat. I learned this because I see a lot of commercial airliners. I knew immediately this object was different because I couldn't see any wings, tail, windows, or a jet stream. It also seemed to move with more ease like it was gliding. I can't explain why I felt that way except maybe because there was no sound. I remembered my camera was on the table so I ran in the house and grabbed it (coincidently it was sitting on my kitchen table because I had been loading my vacation pics into my laptop that morning!) When I got back out on the porch, less than 10 seconds, I noticed it had moved very fast and my nerves kicked in. I felt I needed to just start snapping photo's or else I was going to lose it. I snapped only 3 frames before it was out of sight. I only caught one good enough to show what I saw and I am pleased. I listened for the "sound" again but heard nothing. It seemed to be heading south but also "up" and it disappeared rather into the high sky before I could blink.
