{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482425","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77534","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4989,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/425/mufon-5482425.json","updb_database_id":5482425}
{dr}Strange Blinking Lights Observed

On June 15, 2016, my wife and myself attended the MUFON Orange County (MUFON OC) chapter meeting. We were there to hear MUFON OC's guest speaker Yvonne Smith. Ms. Smith is the founder of an experiencer support group (CERO) that she started in 1991. 

After the lecture, a group of people who attended the event decided to grab a bite to eat. The group tried a few restaurants but due to circumstances beyond our control, my wife and I had to leave. It was close to 1am in the morning. We both had to work the next day including taking our children to school.

We jumped on the 73 toll road heading southbound. As we were approaching the Jamboree Road onramp/offramp, I thought I observed a grey alien or the outline of a grey alien with it's arms raised in the number 1 lane on the freeway. In the dash cam video included with this report, you will hear me exclaim at the 8 second mark "what the heck is that in the road?!?!" I felt foolish right afterwards so I decided not follow up with my wife. I believe I was thinking I must be really tired to have seen an alien standing in the highway with both arms raised in the air.

After that, my wife and I banter back and forth about me not liking onions (I haven't liked them since I was a little kid) and I am not a fan of McDonalds either. We ended up at the drive-thru for a local McDonalds before jumping on the toll road. 

As we started coming out of a bend near MacArthur Blvd. onramp/offramp (1 minute mark on video), I noticed a strange series of blinking lights hovering very low on the west side of the toll road. The lights blinked on/off in unison and were all red colored. There also was a smaller pair of blue/white lights that did not blink; just remained constantly lit. The red blinking lights, approximately 4-5 of them, seemed to hang down vertically. They reminded me of a string of Xmas tree lights.

The lights then appeared to slowly move westward, hover, continue to move west and then descend. The object was moving very slowly. I was driving so I did not have a good view all the time as I had to keep the vehicle under control. My wife had a better view and was able to capture a small video on her Samsung Galaxy Note 5 mobile phone. She actually thought the object was going to land. However, our views become obstructed due to a hill upgrade on the road and a wall that is parallel to the road. Based on the dash cam video, the object appears to between MacArthur Blvd and Bonita Canyon Drive; hovering right above a residential area too. 

At the 1:40 mark on the video, a strange fast moving object is observed travelling from south to north down the left side of my vehicle. Both my wife and myself did not see this until we retrieved the video from our dash cam. It is right above the road and is moving extremely fast. It may be a bird or an insect but we are not sure.

Now, I as I am driving I am thinking to myself I should exit and go check this thing out. But something compels me not too. In fact, I felt a strange sense of giddiness while all this was happening, like I was drunk or something, and to just keep on driving. When I heard my voice on the video, I realized something was not right with me. I just sound different other than my normal self when I speak; kind of lackadaisical. 

I am not saying this is an extraterrestrial aircraft but I can rule out a couple things. It's not a jet aircraft based on the flight characteristics I observed (unless it was a VTOL and I highly doubt that). It could be a helicopter but I've never seen a helicopter with this type of navigation light configuration. In addition, John Wayne Airport ceases flight operations at 10pm for departures and 11pm arrivals (Mon - Sat). So if this is object is man made it was operating after the airport closes which would be in violation of the local noise abatement rules. As I above-mentioned, if it was a helicopter I can only come to the conclusion it belonged to the Orange County Sheriff's Dept. That being said, I've seen the sheriff's helicopter fly at night, similar low altitude, and it looks nothing like what I witnessed this night. Not even close.
