{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-06 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547134","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18520","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2607,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/134/mufon-5547134.json","updb_database_id":5547134}
The object was blinking like a strobe light with a pattern of approx. one light then three

Earlier tonight around 10:20pm I was taking my dog out and was looking around my backyard which has a great open view of the sky with not too much light pollution. I noticed a very bright orb looking object in the North that seemed to appear out of nowhere and then it shot up in a diagonal route from bottom right to upper left. It was so incredibly fast I can't even tell you anything more about it. Once it got going it just seemed to disappear in the sky. My Dad told me it might be a meteor, but from what I have seen of meteor's they fall at a downward angle and this moved at an upward angle. I didn't notice any effect on my dog when the object was overhead, but again it was so fast I barely had time to truly see it.

Later I was inside watching television. From where I was sitting I had a direct view to the backyard. An object was flying through the sky with what appeared to be bright white strobe lights. We have many airplanes/helicopters (military, commercial and private) that fly around here, so I am very familiar with their light patterns and the colors of their lights. I immediately called the attention of my parents who also saw it. My Dad, who has an interest in airplanes looked at it and said it wasn't like any plane he had ever seen before. We took some binoculars to the backyard and watched the object. It was moving North/Northwest towards the city of Rancho Cucamonga/Ontario and was approx. 3 degrees above the horizon. 

When looking at it through the binoculars we could see that the only color lights the object had were bright white. The lights flashed in a strobe light manner and the pattern appeared to be one or two lights, three lights and then nothing. When the lights stopped, no object could be seen. I was unable to see a shape of what the object may have looked like, unfortunately. I continued to ask my Dad what he thought it might be and he couldn't figure it out either.
