{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514134","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44101","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3112,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/134/mufon-5514134.json","updb_database_id":5514134}
5 light purplish round lights in boomerang formation drifting from (looking up) my 10 o'clock to 1 o'clock

i live in south thailand and we have an on going insurgency problem here. My wife was abducted on 19th september. A friend came over to comfort me on the 25th. There were no news regarding my wife so we just sat around the house moping, not doing anything much..praying. Around 5th October we had decided to do some fishing that night..i have a fishing pond fronting my house and we started fishing at about 11 pm that night..by about 1 AM we had caught a few fish and i took a break sitting down on a low bench..my friend was standing in front of me and we were conversing with me having to look up to face him. That was when i first noticed this formation of lights in the sky at about 10 o'clock. 5 lights, diffused (like a light bulb held behind a piece of white paper?) and light purple in colour were arranged in a boomerang formation. It was moving slowly and in that few seconds before it disappeared behind my friends head i wasn't sure if i had seen what i thought i saw. When it reappeared again this time on the right side of my friend's head i pointed and asked him to look. He swung round to his left looking up and now i knew i was'nt hallucinating because he shoutd "wow! whats that?". We continued watching for another few seconds before it disappeared at around 2 o'clock..way above the horizon.. I asked him what he thought it was..was it a plane?..we both agreed it definitely was not.. cloud formation?..couldn't have been..it was too low and we were sure we saw the 5 lights..a flight of birds?..not likely as we can see the shape..the lights were definitely round although diffused and it was moving too slow..UFOs?..well it was'nt a ship of any kind as there was no outline of a structure to it..and it was nothing like the ufo clips im sure we have all seen on youtube..no flashing, blinking lights zipping around erratically..so what was it we saw that night? Here i must add that i have taken a sudden interest in the ufo/alien phenomenon only recently spending hours on the internet trying to learn as much as i can. I recall that on a few occasions after my daily late night sessions, while winding down sitting on the front porch, Id look up at the sky and had quietly wished for a sighting of an ufo..maybe my wish had been granted? Or could it have been my wife's spirit saying a last goodbye? Coincidentally my wife's birth colour is purple and she is still missing.. i believe shes has passed on.
