{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483134","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76804","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/134/mufon-5483134.json","updb_database_id":5483134}
{nd} Myself including 7 other people saw orbs flying at tremendous speeds with no noise, ascending and changing direction

I was outside by myself smoking a cigarette in the backyard. I was googling things on my iPad when I happened to look up and saw a triangle formation of lights just to my left really close. I dropped everything and ran inside to get my husband. I knew right away this wasn't a plane, stars or planEts. I ran inside yelling for my husband and he came out. In the ten seconds it took for me to run inside all but one orb wAs still there but it had moved. At first my husband accused me of being crazy and said it was just a plane, but right next to the orb was an actual plane. The orb was bigger then the plane and it was obvious. He was amazed, then we started noticing more and more orbs coming from the horizon or taking off from somewhere. My husband knew no one would believe us so he called for our neighbor to come out and tKe a look. He and his girlfriend came out and were also in just pure amazement, then others in our building started heRing the commotion and came outside to see what we were doing. We saw over twenty of these orange orbs going at speeds I have never seen before in my life. It couldn't have been flares because they were ascending and changing direction. All of them would get to a certain height and they all would dim their lights one by one.... Then the most amazing thing happened. As these things dimes there lights which almost looked as if they were blinking out they would start shoooting across the sky with no noise, and at speeds I have never ever seen in my life! We all witnessed the same thing and we have no idea what it was but we do know it was no plane, blimp, hot air ballon, flare ext.. These were truly un identified flying obje cts. My neighbor got even better video than me and we coul d get it to you if interested. I took mine from my iPad and iPads don't take good videos. Hers were quite clear. All of us are in agreement we witnessed something truly unique and we all came up with nothing explainable as to what this could have been, these orbs just kept coming from what looked like they were taking off but could have came from the horizon. We watched over twenty as they darted across the sky right next to eachother, changing directions, and speeds. Truly amazing. I am not a good writer so please feel free to contact myself and the others for an even better description of what we witnessed.

Thank you,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
