{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-12-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496134","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63275","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7731,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/134/mufon-5496134.json","updb_database_id":5496134}
encounter with a being of light

It was in December 1989 in 'Baia Felix' (near Oradea) Transilvania.
This I could never forget. And I was not thinking to talk about it till now.
The reasons you will see below.

I was living on an eight floor, count plus one where was an restaurant.

One night I woke up very fresh and I don't understand why. Was around 3 AM and as I have nothing to do, I feel I could not sleep, I look out the window.
And I saw a stationary bright white light on the horizon. I was thinking, is to big to be an airplane, is round, shining like a star but to big to be a star. Was like 30 degree over horizon, to high to be a street light. And I continue thinking, I never saw that light there so I will look tomorrow again in day light to see what is there.

I do not give much importance to this, at that time, but later one I was looking from the window in day time and there was nothing but ground. (no buildings).

Same month and year , few days after I was woke again in night. This time was different. I woke up much AWAKE than ever. This I could not forget, that feeling to be so clear and awake.

Than everything was strange. I do not get out of my bad, I turned half body to look where the window was.

And there outside the window was I could see something ...was a head with big almond eyes and part of the body. I was very awake but I do not react normally. (I believe that normally I was going out of the bad and look closer.)

But I find myself doing this:

I make myself three questions.

First. What is this? 

And I was thinking.
Is an object or is alive? I was thinking that I never saw something made from this material. Was orange kind of light, was a nearly human body form,his mouth was very small, no hair on head. The head form was different than our form.The thing was made by just another material, I can not describe. I don't know was man or woman, robot or biological.

Second question I made to myself.

Remember I was very awake, and this question may sound stupid.

How this thing stay out there when is an 9 floor. My perception about how tall this thing was ...null. I just don't think about it.
It was just there outside my window, I don't know how. I could see it shoulder length.

Third question I made to myself.

I am dreaming? Than I remember that I turn to pinch my body to see if I am dreaming. But I was more awake than normal.

I do not remember at that time anything else.When I go to sleep again or what I was doing, or what was happened.

I do not associate this event with UFO or ET or nothing like that.

For me was just something that I see and I could not explain.

Next morning I woke up normally and I remember how '' awake up '' I was in night. I ask myself again if was a dream. I know was not, inside me, but I had a feeling: that I would leave soon. I was thinking where I am going and why? I was fine with my home and job. But that feeling was there. That very soon I will go.

Than was another thing. I know that this visit was for something. And I ask myself why? It was like> I knew that the answer to my questions will come when the time comes.

Now figure out few days after. This have thousands witnesses.

The sky was red over the town, the electricity go off everywhere. We had an generator in hotel but was not working either. Figure out a touristic area without electric.power.

No elevator and no food in restaurant.

I saw from my eight floor window every corner of each street had three persons: one military, one police and one civil.

Nobody knows whats going on.

The sky was entirely red orange color.

We found out was the revolution few days after.

And the message from this thing is become true. Few weeks after I was leaving that place. But who will imagine that I was force to leave the country?

All this changes to me, was make me do not think on this encounter in proper way.

Now think that in that time in the Communist Romania we do not had information on UFO like pictures...

1990 June I am in the Canary Island and saw in a kiosk, a magazine with the cover picture ...surprise, just the thing was in my window. The drawing on magazine had a green color. Was the first time I associated what I saw with aliens. But I know is not the same...

Let me explain: What I saw I don't believe was an alien. Other people (like the one on the cover magazine) saw the same/similar think like, they believe is an alien.

It was just something I could not explain.
All this years I had present the experience like something personal happened to me. And is also strange that I was not thinking to share it.

Honestly I am not reading this UFO things. I was curious about it, where I was in Romania because was something forbidden, unknown. But strangely after this experience, living in west and have all the information available I just do not have interest on UFO. Is like something cut inside me.

Now is come the final I believe.

After so many years I get the message what was supposed to know when time is there. Really I was not waiting for nothing like that.

In 89 I was thinking that this experience was personal and something I will know later.

I know now but I did not know that I will share it.
It was coming step by step. First I know what I have to know than I know that I have to share it but I didn't know how. And that it just appear this website.

The knowledge that I got:
Don't ask me how, I just know. I will try to express myself as better I can.
...
The time is now.

Mankind has always wondered
Who am I? Where I come from, and what I'm doing here? 

So they have invented a Creator. 

They are not the product of divine creation, there is no # Creator #. The God simply is an invention of the human mind. 

And so the Religions was created.

Humanity has created a false reality, misconceptions also in science. 
Humanity does not understand its true nature and the environment as it exists. Also judged wrongly classifying the subject as alive or dead. Humans believe themselves to be a race superior to other species, considered to be different.

They have created concepts that do not exist in reality. The property, corporations, money, parties, politics, economics... 

Mankind has created completely wrong scientific theories, based on erroneous fundamental principles of phenomena that they still do not understand. 

The human being is a creator of ideas. The reality is different. 

There is no Creator that is going to save or destroy humanity. So the Elite in vain collects gold. 

When the man is going to really know who he is, where he comes from and what he is doing here, then, it will understand with other species and properly interact with.

So they don't have to worry, aliens will not come to destroy them or save them. 

Humanity is in big crisis, about suicide. Salvation is in their own hands. They don't need to fight for Ideas that just don't exist.

They need to align with the natural essence of Reality, to find their self inner.

What is it inside, is outside.

And this is my story.
