{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-22 23:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492134","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67416","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2737,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/134/mufon-5492134.json","updb_database_id":5492134}
{jpg} Initially cloud with glowing edges

Due to previous sighting (which I will report next) I always look up at the sky when I go outside. On 22 JUN 15 at 2335 hrs I went to smoke a cigarette on my back porch. A storm was brewing to the east but the sky at my home was clear except for two really high clouds. The stars were visible. I noticed a small oval or circular cloud moving at a faster than normal speed with edges that appeared to be glowing slightly. At first I thought it might be the moon but the moons angle was already setting in the west. The 'cloud' went directly over my head and house and continued in a straight line north. I looked at it and could not see all the way through it but it didn't appear to be anything but a cloud. I thought it was odd enough that I grabbed my 10 million candlepower spotlight to see if the cloud might reflect that and walked through the house to the front porch telling my wife about it on the way. On the front porch I shined the light at the cloud but the beam covered the entire cloud. I turned the light on and off four times just to see if it was anything. I laid down the spotlight on the porch railing and when I looked up was shocked to see a bright light had appeared in and was shining clearly through the cloud. (It almost looked like the headlights of a plane but bigger and brighter and in an upside down bubble siren shape). I called to my wife to come and look at it. It continued north, not blinking, not making any sound and the small cloud followed the light the entire time although there were no other low level clouds in my area. As me and my wife observed the object it went north over the trees but before it did the light grew dim and appeared to 'blend' back into the cloud with just the edges slightly glowing again. A few minutes afterwards I noticed three planes fairly close to each other going from the east toward the direction of where the object would be. Although we live over a flight path there are two directions that are usually flown and none of the plane every look or sound like this. I checked the Hubble and ISS locations and they were below the horizon.
