{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-15 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482134","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5003,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/134/mufon-5482134.json","updb_database_id":5482134}
{rjl} White dot moving through high clouds sometime after 6pm. Noticed still there 7:30. Got cell phone to video. Filmed 4 times. 7:29, 8:03, 8:40, 8:49pm. Moved about 101, northbound in aprox 3hrs then was gone.

On July 15th around 6pm I took my kids to the neighborhood pool to swim. Sometime around 7:15 I happened to notice a small white ball approaching slowly Andy Northwest Direction. I didn't pay it much mind as it looked kind of like a balloon. However after a few minutes of playing in the pool with my kids I happened to notice that it was still in the same general area now moving through the clouds so I kept my eye on it for a moment and realized it looked unusual. I decided to get out of the pool and try and take a picture with my cell phone that I had in my backpack. I dried my face and hands and got my phone out of my backpack and tried to take a couple pictures. The sun was so bright that I couldn't tell if the pictures were coming out very well so I decided to videotape it with my cell phone. But again the sun on my screen made it difficult to see if I was capturing it or not since it was a white dot in the sky I filmed where I thought it was but couldn't tell if it was in Focus or not so I decided to go home and try with my video camera. I got my video camera but the battery was nearly dead and only filmed for a few seconds. I didn't want to waste time trying to charge it so I decided to film with my cell phone again. The clouds that it was hovering around had moved on but it was still in the same place, my estimation is about 20-40 thousand feet high. For a moment I thought maybe it was a supernova or some event in space that was shining through the atmosphere since it was still daytime and very bright. I had to film it intermittently since I was feeding my kids dinner and trying to get them ready for bed. The first time I filmed it from home was at 8:03 p.m. and it was bigger and brighter as if it had descended a few thousand feet. The second time I filmed it was at 8:4pm and I noticed it had moved slightly to the north. I filmed it again at 8:49 and the sun had se. I noticed it had moved even farther north about 90 degrees off the horizon now and almost directory above me. When I first saw it it was around 45 to 50 degrees off the horizon around 7:30 p.m. It was moving very slowly to the North while all of the stars and Moon where moving West as they should. I came outside again at 9pm to film it and it was gone. Around 8pm I called my brother and told him where to look in the sky to see it so I could get his opinion. He used his binoculars to view it and was silent for about a minute. Which gave me goosebumps. He then said, "wow, that IS interesting". He then described it as "perfectly round and glassy looking". He said "I can see the side that's facing the Sun is reflecting the light and the other side looks like glass... it looks like a Christmas bulb". Even through the binaculars he had no idea what it could be. He also told me that just about an hour earlier he was hiking on Mt. Diablo and saw something white and bright near the clouds by the top of the mountain and thought it might have been a super bright radio tower light but when he went further and looked for the source there was nothing there and no tower. He wondered if thus was the same thing that he saw. This could be possible since when I first saw the object it was coming from the direction of Mt. Diablo right about the time after he had finished his hike. NOTE: in the video I say I saw it starting around 6pm, that is a mistake. I was thinking we had gone to the pool sometime after 6pm and didn't realize how long we were there before I first filmed it on y phone. I realized that I was saying the wrong time when I noticed the timestamp on my phone video. The duration was approximately from 7:15 p.m. to about 8:50 p.m.
