{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-01-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549134","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2404,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/134/mufon-5549134.json","updb_database_id":5549134}
Triangle object hovering over the trees ,light on every corner , no noise.

My family and I were on the way back from eating out.It was about 9 o'clock pm and dark. I can't remember what month that it was or the exact year but it was cold and I was around 15 to 16 years old. We were in a dodge caravan and I was in the back. I was looking out the window as we starting going down the hill down by our house when I saw a triangular object right over the trees. I yelled "LOOK!!!" and my dad stopped the van. We sat there for a minute and my mother started screaming "let's go now". My brother and I jumped out of the car so my dad could drop off my mother.My mother did not want us to get out but the amazement made us do it anyways. We told our dad to grab the camera and come back. My dad took off peeling the wheels as he left. As soon as the car was gone there was no noise. Nothing at all. The object had moved closer to us and was floating right over the pond. It was right at tree level so you could see it really well. It was black with a white light glowing at each corner. I think after the shock and wonder wore off we starting getting scared. My dad was not back yet and we were out in the country by ourselves with this thing. My brother and I started to run towards our house and next thing you know it was following us. It came over the street and followed us 1/4 mile. My dad pulled up and right then it started back over the trees. We tried our best to follow it but it got away. This is not the first or last experience that I have had, but it is one that I had more than just myself there to witness it. All that I can say is that I have never been able to forget the feeling of wonder and fear that I had at the moment we sat there and watched this thing float around without a sound.
