{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486134","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73582","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4140,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/134/mufon-5486134.json","updb_database_id":5486134}
{dr}Low flying UFO slowly emerged from cloud, then slowly reversed direction and went back in.

In the summer of 2004 my wife and I lived on a rented farm about 5 miles SE of Marshfield, WI. We were outside in the late afternoon feeding horses and showing a horse to a couple who stopped by. It was a dark, cloudy day and it looked like we were going to get a storm. Clouds were very low and dark. All four of us were standing next to the barn, my wife and the couple facing me, me facing them (south). I was asked a question and mid sentence, during my reply, I saw a large metallic object very slowly emerge from a low cloud behind the three people I was talking to. I stopped mid-sentence while all three of them stared at me as to say "well". My wife gave me the embarrassed "pay attention" look. It came about 1/2 way out of the cloud, then reversed direction and very slowly slipped right back in and was then hidden by the cloud.

I went back into where I left off with my sentence, then let them talk a minute or two while I digested what I had just seen. As soon as there was a short break in the conversation I told them that I had just seen a UFO, and of course, they all thought I was nuts. I don't think my wife thought I was a nut, but the couple that stopped by were not people I knew and they very much looked at me like I was crazy.

About 10 minutes later the conversation was still gong on, but this time my wife and the couple were the ones facing south, when all of a sudden all three of them said, there it is and pointed over my shoulder. By the time I turned around, it was already gone and had tucked back into the cloud. We all spent the next couple of minutes saying things like wow, that was weird and chuckling a bit. I am sure that since we did not all know each other, we all felt like keeping our thoughts to ourselves. I know my wife and I did. The couple left shortly after and my wife and I still talk about that day from time to time.

The UFO was disc shaped and looked to me a bit like brushed metal, no windows, doors, lights or anything other than a metallic disc. It made no noise, it moved very smoothly and deliberately. I used to work for an aerial photography company and I am always aware of elevation when I see something in the sky. This object could not have been more than 200 or 300 feet up and was very clearly visible to me. I knew instantly that this was not something ordinary.

It left me with a very eerie, nervous feeling that I was not just being watched, but that at least for those few minutes I was being watched in some weird way and on some kind of level that I do not ever recall feeling before. Even now, after all these years, I can still remember that eerie feeling....a bit like feeling invaded and certainly a feeling of helplessness if they wanted to do something to me.

For the life of us, we cannot figure out who it was that stopped by to look at the horses that night. My wife clearly remembers seeing the UFO and remembers not only my reaction to seeing it, but the couple's reaction as well. She has absolutely no memory of what the actual UFO looked like though, which she finds strange and confusing.

To be honest, the idea of reporting a UFO never even crossed my mind. Who would I ever report it to and why would I bother? The subject of our sighting came back up in conversation again last night and I decided that sometime this weekend I was going to go ahead and report it. This sighting really is a vivid memory for me even after all these years.
