{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-04 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452477","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109163","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3659,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/477/mufon-5452477.json","updb_database_id":5452477}
Planet sized orb travelled from east to west, and rose up placing itself on the sun. A stargate appeared.

On Tuesday June 4th my daughter and I drove from Battersea to Kingston Ontario to visit our rental house that we had just moved out of over the prior weekend. We had left some debris in the front of the house that needed to be removed. So, we left our cottage and arrived in Kingston at approximately 9:30 am and parked in the nearby Circle K store to buy our morning coffee. After we parked in the lot, my daughter took out her cell phone to text, which I knew meant we were going to be a few minutes before we went in for our coffee. I laid my head back and looked up through the sun filter in her roof and noticed the sun was shining brightly, and several clouds were travelling from west to east.......it looked like it was going to be a nice day, I thought to myself. Then, I noticed a large full moon to the west of the sun, just bright and big. I declared to my daughter "look! what the heck is a full moon that big doing so close to the sun? she looked up from her phone and simply said "yeah, weird", and went back to her texting. i continued to watch wondering about it, when I noticed that the moon was moving steadily towards the sun. I screamed at my daughter to look, and that the moon is moving! she put down her phone and stared out of her drivers window up into the sky to watch.

In absolute amazement we watched together as this "moon" slowly moved in a line from the west and rose up and placed itself on top of the sun. Immediately a light grey circle appeared over the sun like an eclipse. The outer corona of the sun could clearly be seen through the filter of the car roof. Suddenly a white dot appeared in the middle of the grey circle and slowly grew to a spiral, rotating in a counter clockwise rotation. It started to rotate very quickly, and at the same time the grey circle seemed to shake, and to me the outer rim of the corona of the sun appeared to be rotating clockwise at the same time. My daughter said it appeared that way to me because the middle of the sun was spinning so fast. 
We both sat motionless, mouths agape, stunned. Several times I asked my daughter if she was seeing what I saw, and each time she replied with "WTF are we looking at?"

I honestly don't know how much time passed during this event, I'm guessing 10 minutes. We were so disappointed in ourselves that we didn't take a video, but, honestly the shock of seeing such a thing was paralyzing. 

I'm not sure what we witnessed, but can only conclude that it was a large planet sized orb, and that somehow it used our sun as a stargate. 

As incredible and crazy as this sounds, I have battled in my mind as to whether to officially report it or not, and in the end I feel an obligation to report it. The experience has left me obsessed and even though I have done much research I cannot find anything anywhere on line to compare this event with.

If you know anything about this kind of thing, I would really appreciate some information.
