{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-26 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494477","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64991","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2976,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/477/mufon-5494477.json","updb_database_id":5494477}
{dr}Small green star to larger orange sphere followed by drone over home

My husband and I were driving back from the Des Moines area and had exited Hwy 20 eastbound at the Hwy 63 Northbound exit. When we pulled up to the Ridgeway intersection, I noticed to the West a small star that was green. it caught my eye because it was moving across our viewing area from left to right in a solid state. I said, "Look at that. What is that?" I changed from a small green "star" to a larger orange sphere. It moved Southeast as we were driving towards the Ansborough Ave. intersection at a steady pace. It was around 1am when this all happened. I thought maybe I was seeing the headlights of a helicopter but then it didn't look like a helicopter because there were no blinking lights and the shape was wrong. Just a large yellow-orange round sphere-like object flying across the sky. No tail, no body. Then, it turned around and passed a little closer as it went back toward the West. My husband was paying attention to driving but did manage to see it. There seemed to be a green light - maybe the tiny star I first noticed - attached to it and it was blinking. It didn't scare me. Strangely, I felt at peace, as if it was ok to see all this. We are deeply devoted Christians and I had been praying for clarity on things lately that seemed, well, odd around our home such as strange humming sounds. As we pulled into our home, we heard a hum and saw a light hovering over us. I looked up to see this tiny plane. We pulled into our garage and got out to take a better look. It circled over our home several times. It looked like a small plane, almost like a toy remote kind. It was very round, smooth, silver. First we thought it was a real plane, but each time it hovered, it flew lower, almost skimming over our roof. That' when we noticed it wasn't a real plane but a drone maybe? There was only a green light on the right wing, none on the left, and a white light at the tail. It had this lawnmower sound. A tall thin man in a gold SUV had pulled up to our residence but then backed out and was looking up at the object before driving away. By now it was around 1:13am. We went inside and when we heard it again, that's when I realized I recognized that sound before. It was that odd hum we couldn't identify in the past. We both thought the light, the plane and the stranger was all very odd.
