{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-28 20:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476477","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2794,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/477/mufon-5476477.json","updb_database_id":5476477}
3 pulsating objects in a horizontal line hovering with another coming in from the left to join fomation

Myself, my partner and our 2 children had just left her sisters house on Kenwyn Close in an area of Bedford named Putnoe. We were just loading up into the car to head home when my eldest Vincent noticed what he described instantly as a UFO. We all looked up and saw a bright light up in the sky moving quite rapidly through the clouds from left to right. I took out my mobile phone and tried to record the object (I thought at the time without success) I can clearly be heard on the video clip saying rather disappointingly that I hadn't got it on camera. I was very disappointed as it would have been something interesting to have captured and I have always had an interest in UFOs since watching The Amazing World of Arthur C Clarke as a young boy on TV. My Partner Danielle said a few consoling words and I thought 'that was that' to be honest.

About 7-8 months later I was sitting at home one evening just deleting images and videos from my phone to make more memory space and I came across a thumbnail for a video that I didn't recognize. I pressed play and it was the video I had tried to film of the UFO. To my amazement not only had I managed to capture a glimpse of the UFO I actually captured 3 more objects in a horizontal line hovering and pulsing green red and blue. The original one I was trying to film seemed to be moving left to right towards the other 3. I instantly called my partner and we sat down and watched it back a few times. I still can't believe none of us even noticed the other 3 objects on the night. 

Of course mentioning this to a couple of my work colleagues and friends drew in the obligatory ridicule and general mickey taking but I knew what I had on video despite everything. I've decided to report this and send you the video to make up your own minds. I'm pretty sure these objects are not stars, aeroplanes or weather balloons and Bedfordshire council can only afford to put 1 police helicopter out per night let alone 4. I'm quite convinced I have a genuine UFO on film.
