{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-08-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487477","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3586,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/477/mufon-5487477.json","updb_database_id":5487477}
{dr}cigar shaped with lights

1M

1N  

To 

[Email removed/cms/tg]
 

Today at 12:23 PM 

It was approximately 1985, summertime in Eau Claire, Wisconsin. I was traveling west on county trunk E ( Cameron Street ). I commented to my friend that oncoming traffic was extremely fast. Around 75 to 80 MPH. Normal speed limit is 55 MPH. As we passed ( heading westbound ) Kane road I noticed an Eau Claire County squad car parked on the wrong side of the road with it's red lights flashing. It was also about dusk so it was quite plain to see the officer with his hands up to his face ( Binoculars I am guessing ) looking to the west. I thought that was strange right off the bat. As we traveled over a hill we noticed two lights coming at us from a distance. The light were quite bright and on the right and left outboard portions of the object. I commented at how low it was. I further commented that I thought it was going to crash. As we closed distance on between our vehicles I commented ( quite sincerely ) that I though that it was going to crash right on top of us. We were at about 20-25 MPH at this time. We came broadside to the UFO. It stopped in the sky at an gle to us. I opened the car door and looked from the extreme front to the extreme rear ( approximately 100 yards or better in length ). It was suspended without nose at about a 60 degree angle from our position. I know that I could have hit it with a slingshot. We could also see that the craft was cylindrical and the front, the rear and left and right portions appeared like airliner fuselages. This was evident because the bottom was dark and became lighter and lighter as we viewed toward the top of the craft ( where it was very bright ) We did not see any windows or otherwise distinguishing characteristics. The object looked like two cigars intersecting each other at 90 degree angles. It was getting dark now and two lights ( outboards portions of the craft ) came on. There wasn't any noise but you could feel the energy in the atmosphere. Night time became bright daylight over a pond just off the road. I commented that it was a UFO and she ( My friend ) floored our Trans Am a few miles to home. She had tears streaming from her eyes as I was telling her to stop the car. When we got home I grabbed my camera and returned to the scene but it was gone. I got to thinking about it after the years ( and after seeing your shows ). I called our local airport ( Eau Claire Municipal Airport ) and they stated that there wasn't any traffic at that time. Not to mention that our airliner jet traffic had ceased several years before this incident. OK. Maybe so as far as nothing on their screen. I called our local sheriffs Dept. and they said that nothing had been reported. A few weeks back I am thinking that not only us two had seen this craft. Someone radioed the deputy to pull over on the overpass and look to the west. That was NOT BY COINCIDENCE !. Thought this may be of interest to you.

Sincerely
