{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-04 02:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500477","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58626","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/477/mufon-5500477.json","updb_database_id":5500477}
{nd} viewed from solar observing satelite. saw one pulsating orb mooving from the suns gravity field, followed by a second pulsating orb mooving above the first from east to west at stable high speed

I was following up on the recent sighting I had from one of NASA's solar observation satellites', seeing if the first reported sighting I had was still visible. I noticed NASA altered the first orb, making it resemble a slow moving object like an asteroid. I witnessed the second object moving at very high speed from east to west above the first object I reported to you nearly a week ago. I immediately recognized the second object resembling the first, before NASA had originally altered it. The object was nearly identical to the first one before its alteration. It moved from east to west at incredibly high speeds moving directly over the changed image of the first. Upon viewing it, I saw that this new one had a large wing like structure, just like the first. The new object pulsated across its entire surface at high even intervals, just like the first one had. Whatever it was, its size was slightly larger than the first object. I was shocked to have witnessed the first one, and lucky enough to have recorded it, before and after its alteration. But to see a second one and larger than the first, and moving across and above the first? I couldn't believe it! But it was there! I spoke to a co-worker of mine who is a retired special forces soldier, and he told me he didn't want to get in trouble for saying what it could be, but he did say that the first object appeared to be of truly immense size! Whatever the case, I did get the new one on video as well. I honestly think you need to see the video clips I recorded of these things. Whatever they are, they appear to be controlled. If possible, contact me please. I honestly think the video recordings should be viewed. I lost sight of the object when the monitor counting the date and time reset itself to 3 days prior. Once again I am faced with the issue of my phone not being able to download the video footage, but as I said I am MORE than willing to show it to someone in person if this is possible.
