{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-21 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462167","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98843","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2778,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/167/mufon-5462167.json","updb_database_id":5462167}
Three lights breifly appeared in the sky over Cardigan town just before sunset.

I was visiting the the Pembrokeshire coast in January, I used to live in Cardigan back in 2011 where I had multiple previous sightings and expereinces over a period of time. 24 hours prior to this sighting I had telepathic contact alerting me to the fact that I would see them. 
I had taken the wrong bus back to Aberystwyth (where I was lodging in an Air BnB) and ended up in a village just over a mile outside of Cardigan where I had to wait for the bus back. The light was fading and I was taking pictures of the village street when 3 lights appeared in the sky moments before I took one of the pictures and captured the lights in the image.
Nothing unusual that I'm aware of happened at the time but after the event I experienced severe anxiety and a feeling of being watched. A few days after the sighting I experienced a vivid dream of being taken to a craft where I was greeted by a being with very distinct features. After waking from the dream I had the thought 'I'm going to draw a picture of that person because they were mesmerizing'. Hours later I found an image by an artist who had drawn an image that resembled the being in the dream exactly!
I am unable to say 100% if I was taken but I was definitely contacted telepathically and experienced the described synchronicities both before and after the sighting.

There was nothing traumatic or unpleasant that I remember about the whole experience yet I have been experiencing severe anxiety and insomnia since the event.
I have attached 4 images, the origional image I took, a close up crop, an edited version of the close up for clarity and the image I found that matched the exact look alike of the being who contacted me.
