{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-04-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460167","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101152","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/167/mufon-5460167.json","updb_database_id":5460167}
{cak} Object spotted my police helicopter crew

I’ve had three personal sightings of UFOs myself. Two in one night while patrolling in the police helicopter back around 1993. It was night and we were up for your 2nd of three flights for the shift. It was about midnight and I was flying and my partner was listening to the police radios in case there was a call we could help with.

I saw a white light heading straight at me from the South (I was flying southbound in the middle of town just south of Tulsa International Airport. I thought it was the tail light (which is white on an airplane) on a Boeing 727 mail delivery plane that came in from Dallas about midnight overnight so I increased my altitude to let it fly under me since it was on approach and in descent. But it wasn’t the Dallas bird, callsign “Bank Check One.” It also increased its altitude to be on a collision course with me!

When it got closer I did an immediate right turn just as it went under me, then it turned due East in an impossible (for us) maneuver and shot up and out of sight eastward like a rocket. I called Tulsa Approach immediately and asked if there was any traffic out here and they said we were the only ones on radar!

I read in a newsletter a few days later that the same weekend Louisville, KY, PD helicopter crew saw a UFO as well, tried to close with it, but not successful. I don’t remember how they described it, but it was not an “orb.”z

The final and third flight of the night my partner (now deceased) was flying and I was “JAFO” on the right side (Just Another “Friendly” Observer) monitoring police calls. We were in the same area and it happened again! The thing looked like a large beach ball that glowed like a fluorescent light. I later did research and the UFO community calls them “Orbs.” They think they are like drones our scout robot vehicles.
