{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-06 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490167","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3018,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/167/mufon-5490167.json","updb_database_id":5490167}
seen very strange object flying in the sky, in front of a mountain range, i had an unobstucted view

I was sitting on my deck at around ten thirty in the evening. it is a very rural , quite area. I was facing north, with an unobstructed view of a mountain range. we live on a hill and also have a very large clear view of the night sky,especialy to the east and north. we often sit out in the warm nights and have done so for many years. we are very familiar with shooting stars , meteorites, and planes that fly over every night. so iam one hundred percent positive that what I seen last week was not ashooting star, meteor, or some type of airplane.  I am not totally comfortable using computer , but I will do my best , I seen what I at first thought was just another falling star, it looked to be coming from very high up from the northeast. this part is hard to describe ,but this is what happened, what I was watching suddenly went dark, then it went bright again, then dark, then bright, it kept going from bright to dark during the whole time I seen it. and it was not just a flash when it was bright, I would say it would stay bright for close to half a kilometer each time, and it would stay dark the exact same amount of time , and distance, that it stayed bright. now for the flight path, as I said it was coming down from the northeast on about a 45 degree angle. I fully expected it to disappear behind the mountain range as it continued it 45 degree drop. but to my amazement, it changed direction, it completely leveled off, and was in front of the mountains, and flew completely straight and level, in front of the mountains, until trees blocked my view. the whole time I seen it the lights were going from dark to bright, like I described above.  it was moving almost twice as fast as a passenger plane, and obviously was on a controlled path. what it was ,I have no idea. the light at first, I thought maybe it was some kind of light been turned on and off at the front of the object, when the light would come on, it looked like a beam of light, and every time the light came on, the beam of light was the same length, this why I cant understand it been a beam of light ,if it was a beam of light , the beam would keep going, not alternately go dark, so therefore I think the object was lighting up, remember I do not want my name released, if you can tell me what it was or have questions please call,.  thanks,pat
