{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-03 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283167","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120273","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3947,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/167/mufon-5283167.json","updb_database_id":5283167}
Huge head in the center sphere object with sparkling octopus tentacles bright red

It hover for about 5 minutes. It would not let us say that it was a UFO at communicated with us it interacted with us I fought off control of not taking video of it and I got it on video and if you zoom in and watch the video and slow motion you can watch it morph into different shapes and also play it in slow motion what is one second to us it will do three different motions or shift shapes three different times in that one second so you don't really get to see the object unless you can break the video down. It was a sphere with a dark circle head in the center it interacted with us and it seemed like whatever we said it understood or hurt us it had 25 ft tentacles but they were not physical they were sparkling star dust tentacles. It morphed after hovering for 5 minutes and then it had a radical flight plan but when you play it normal speed it looks like a straight away but it's not if you zoom in and slow down the playback speed you can see that it's flight plan jumps around and it morphs in different shapes and it popped away first it zoomed away really fast and then it came back and then it popped away and it came back and took off. We could feel the pulsating in the air but it was silent. It was a super clear night and I can give the exact longitude and latitude time and location and I have a couple other videos that maybe a laptop could make something out of it more than what my crappy old laptop or notebook could. I can also draw in 3D and exact replica if you wish I just drew a quick sketch and so did the second witness. We could have interacted with it more cuz I could sense that it was allowing to and it was curious; however, I am a child of Christ and nothing made in God's image is not of his creation therefore is demonic and the minute I thought that is when the "thing" seemed sad upset and left.
I don't know how I know this but he seemed grateful and that he liked me.
I do not know why but I do know that somehow this isn't the last time I will see him.
NOTE: WHEN YOU WATCH THE VIDEO CLIP AND WE ARE STATING THAT THAT'S AN AIRPLANE, THAT IS NOT WHAT WE WANTED TO SAY IT'S LIKE WE WERE NOT ALLOWED TO SAY WHAT WE WANTED TO SAY AND THAT IS THE ACTUAL UFO AND IF YOU ZOOM IN YOU WILL SEE IT MORE SHIFT CHANGE AND HOP AROUND IN BETWEEN TIME INCREMENTS. And if you're confused on the collar it started out white then yellow and then when it had a huge star octopus tentacles they were bright red.
