{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-06 01:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530167","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2963,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/167/mufon-5530167.json","updb_database_id":5530167}
I saw a star like object in the southern sky that did not move like any conventional aircraft that I am aware of.

On Monday morning September 6th 2010, at approximate 1:20 am, I was coming out of my backyard studio after finishing a project, and I noticed what appeared to be a bright star in the southern sky. As I was walking up my side yard, I noticed it was moving. I stopped for a minute to watch, and it seemed to move like no conventional aircraft that I am aware of. It was about the size of a small pea at arms length at about 45 degrees. At this point I woke up my adult daughter and wife to witness this with me. My wifes distance vision is poor, so she could only perceive what appeared to her to be a bright star. My daughter however, having much better vision as myself also saw what I saw. This star like object at first seemed to be just a bright star to my daughter , as it was motionless when they first came out to look. After a couple of minutes however , both my daughter and myself witnessed it moving about in a very strange manner. It seemed to waver back and forth noticeably against the other 1stars1. It would also jerk forward and side to side or up and down coming to a rest instantly. As I couldn't tell how far away it was, I can't say how far it was moving. I can say that it moved from two to twenty of its perceived size from my perspective. My wife and daughter stayed outside for about an hour on and off with me, but I watched this 1craft?1 for four hours. It never stayed rock still for more than a minute or two. I was using a high intensity flashlight to shine at it, and it seemed to respond with movement after each attempt. I was flashing prime numbers at it and just other random patterns. I did take some pictures and video, however it doesn't have any useful reference. It just looks like a star. The video was no better because when it was motionless, I was moving giving it the appearance of motion. It didn't ever shoot at high speed across the sky, but it did traverse in a westerly direction. I went in the house to go get some sleep at around 5:20 am and it was still up there when I left. Those last 20 minutes it seemed to stay totally motionless, so it seemed the show was over. I am under the impression that it was under some kind of intelligent control as to respond to the light then cease movement again. Weird!
