{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-11-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549167","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5764","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3407,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/167/mufon-5549167.json","updb_database_id":5549167}
Bright white lights in sky at treetop height

Saturday, November 18, 2006
10:20 pm

I was heading home from work tonight on I96 West bound when about a 1 mile before my exit I noticed the vehicles ahead of me (two cars, and a semi tractor trailer) were putting on their brakes. I immediately thought 1oh great, an accident1 I was tired and wanted to get home. It was then, out of the corner of my eye that I seen very bright lights out my drivers window. These lights were tree top height and were I1d guess about 50 yards away. I quickly took my foot off the gas and slowed way down while looking at these lights. There was a very large bright white light at each corner, 3, and in the middle, on the underside was another very bright white light. The lights were in the shape of a triangle. After a moment I quickly pulled over to the shoulder, rolled down my window and was reaching for my camera which was in my purse on the passenger seat while at the same time keeping my eyes on these lights which continued to move East. As I am struggling to get my camera it was moving further away. I could then see four to five, long slender, tube like red lights at the back end of it in between the two bright white lights and behind the center white light which was underneath. Now, at this point I had to take my eyes away because my camera strap got hung up on the center council. By the time I got it loose and looked back I couldn1t see it. I then noticed heavy traffic was coming up behind me so I got back onto the highway and drove up to my exit. Just as I got onto the off ramp, I looked into my rear view mirror and seen it again. When I got to the light at the end of the off ramp I turned left, drove down to Grandriver, then turned left again to follow the lights, only now I couldn1t see them. I am now heading East (back-tracking) towards Flying J1s gas station on Grand river (two-lane county road) just opposite I96. I am also now on the phone with a friend of mine, telling her what I seen. As I am talking with her I spotted the lights again through the trees just before Granger landfill. By the time I got up to the clearing where this thing should have been, it was gone. I searched the entire sky for it as I drove past Flying J1s and pulled into an empty parking lot at an automotive engine shop. I sat there for a minute looking for it, and then got nervous since I was alone, and headed home. The rest of the way home I searched the sky1s for it but seen nothing1it was gone. My friend told me to call 911 and report it, but I didn1t want to tie up an emergency line, and I think that is illegal anyway if it1s not an emergency so first thing tomorrow morning I am calling the county sheriff.
