{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-11-12 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495167","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/167/mufon-5495167.json","updb_database_id":5495167}
{dr}My mother called all of us onto the back porch to witness a UFO hovering over the area of the US Army Depot on Remount Road. It hovered and changed colors and then took off after about 5 minutes.

I was a child, around 10 or so. My brother, 7 years my senior, and my sister, 3 years younger than me, were all inside the house playing Monopoly. My mother was out on the back porch which faced the Army Depot at the corner of Remount and Virginia Avenue in North Charleston, S.C. Suddenly we heard mom calling us all to come outside and "look at the UFO". She sounded very alarmed and excited and we all went out to see the object. She pointed toward the Army Depot and just above the area we observed a cigar shaped object, seemingly hovering. While we watched it, it turned colors. When we first went out it was bright red. Then it turned a violet color, then blue, and then a yellow-pale orange color, and finally it turned white, bright white, and took off toward the North East. Mom said she first noticed it because she thought it was a shooting star, so she saw it actually approach the base where it stopped and hovered. That's when she called for all of us to come out and see it.
Naturally we were scared, and excited. 
We lost sight of it when it changed to the bright white, and shot off toward the NE extremely fast.

In 1995 my daughter and myself also witnessed a triangular object with 3 white lights on the underside slowly glide just above the treetops and over the house. She had beed driving home from work and saw it some distance away, heading the same direction she was coming. She ran in the house and told me to come outside and see this "thing" that was coming toward us. We stood on the porch and watched it come across the tops of the pine trees, approaching without a sound, and watched it black out the stars overhead for a full minute as it passed across... We went inside and went out the back door to follow it's movement there but it was already gone. It was black, and totally silent.
