{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-22 19:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528483","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2623,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/483/mufon-5528483.json","updb_database_id":5528483}
Large bright orange light in sky that moved irregular and changed shape

At just after 7:00 PM I was walking up my driveway, when I notice a bright orange light in the eastern sky approximately 30 degrees above the horizon, that appeared to be stationary. I stopped walking to better view the light, when it suddenly changed position, unlike any aircraft I am familiar with. To get a better view of the light, I went around to the backyard patio, where I then observed the orange light drop suddenly and begin a swooping climb to the south, at which point a pinpoint of blue/white light dropped out of the orange light and appeared to travel in a downward direction and disapear. The orange light then flickered and suddenly disappeared. An instant later, the orange light reappeared approximately 10 degrees to the south. The instant changing of position happened several more times. After the last apparent change of position, the orange light dimmed to nothing over about 3-4 seconds period of time. After the orange light went out, 3 small evenly spaced lights, in a row, appeared. The left light was green, the middle was orange, and the right was reddish. This formation of lights slowly moved towards the north and back to the south over about 10 seconds of time, and then dimmed to nothing. I remained in my viewing location for another few minutes, but did not see any more lights. I walked back around to the driveway and looked around the sky, but did not see any more strange lights.

The area of the sky the light occured in was within about a 12 inch circlular area when viewed from about 3 feet away. My sense of distance the light was from my viewing location was 3-5 miles. Weather conditions at the time were dry, broken overcast with cloud deck at 5,000 to 7,000 feet, and temps of 45-50 degrees.

My sense of the type of light, was that it was pure, if that makes sense. 

I did not feel any fear, only wonder at what I was witnessing. My feelings after I went into my home were, WOW....did I just witness a UFO?
