{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-23 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473483","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86898","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2526,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/483/mufon-5473483.json","updb_database_id":5473483}
Above ocean. VERY bright star like light (but much brighter and blinking). Moved fast and erratically for a long time.

My boyfriend and I were camping at Meat Cove, Nova Scotia on the northern tip of Cape Breton Island last night. While sitting around the fire and cooking, we both noticed this extremely bright blinking light that was moving incredibly erratically throughout the sky. We watched to make sure we were both seeing the same thing. Neither of us had ever seen anything like this before. I googled Venus, drones, satellites and Chinese lanterns--NONE of which could possibly have been moving like this. It darted in different directions at high speeds. It would also ascend or descend slowly and precisely; or simply hover in one spot of various lengths of times. We also noticed two (EXTREMELY DIM) lights below the brighter light, going down at 45 degree angles, making a triangular shape in the lights. We watched intently for over an hour and a half. We couldn't take our eyes off of this light. It was incredible. After some time, the light grew dimmer and dimmer until we simply couldn't see it anymore. We were both mesmerized and knew we had seen something extraordinary that couldn't be explained by anything we found with research. Even I, being a skeptic about these things, couldn't believe what I was seeing. We attempted to take videos of the light on my iPhone, however the quality is low--although in one of the videos you are briefly able to see the light moving in the sky. Due to the distance away from us and phone quality camera, I wasn't able to catch more--although we did try, just in case there is a way to enhance the videos... worth a shot!
