{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-12-06 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548483","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2595,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/483/mufon-5548483.json","updb_database_id":5548483}
Sighting of large orange/yellowish lights - Jackson County Wisconsin

My family and I were outside on our farm at approximately 6:30 p.m. on December 6, 2007 and heard the sound of jet fighter engines overhead, flying in formation from north to south, however the fighters were not seen. 

Looking to the north of the farm, towards the Jackson County Municipal Airport, we observed a multitude of flickering lights, flashing from north to south then east to west then back to north and south. The lights had the appearance of a childs sparkler. There was no sound. This sighting lasted approximately 20 to 30 minutes. 

Immediately east to the farm, I saw two single spotlight type lights in the trees. One flash, then the lights were out. 

A few minutes later as we were still observing the night sky, in the distance east of our farm, we observed an extremely large cylinder shaped "object" with four large yellow/orange colored lights. These lights were nothing like we had seen before in all previous sighting reports. Initially, one might think these lights were a rear auto/truck/aircraft assembly but the size at arms length were the size of four large spotlights in single formation. The lights flashed twice, possibly 15 to 30 seconds in duration then went out completely. There is another farm to the east of ours with a barn. The lights were directly above the barn, possibly 400 to 500 ft.  Volk Air Force Base is approximately 60 miles nearby. 

I might mention, this is the first time I personally felt goosebumps and an initial sense of fear. One of the witnesses with me who is normally a skeptic, said " What in the heck was that"? She now believes she saw something, but cannot explain. Shortly afterwards, our curiousity got the best of us and we drove to the area we believe the lights were sighted to "investigate" and found nothing. 

One of the witnesses spoke to a neighbor a few days later and he also say the same object move directly over his home the same evening.
