{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-16 20:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476483","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83758","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3046,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/483/mufon-5476483.json","updb_database_id":5476483}
{cak} Time traveling alien through dimensions

I was working in the plant at Magnetti Mareli late evening. I went to the rest room near my work area. It is the bath room as you go through the employee entrance make a left at the first hallway, go through the next set of double doors and make a right, until you come to a heavy steel door of the men's room. I went to the rest room and no one was in there. I was washing my hands to go back to the floor. That's when I felt someone watching me. I turned to see a shiny silver baseball cap yet flat on top. I thought it was a ghost which keep peeking with the tip of the brim exposed every time this entity tried to view me and jump back quickly. I hurried to the small bulkhead wall to see a man very bright pale like grey skin in a silver suit jacket with pants glove low top Converse like shoes with some lightly grey silver shades. His eyes did not blink. He quickly turned his face in the corner of the bulk head and was afraid, quivering as I looked at him four feet away. I said I didn't mean to frighten you but, I'm about to leave and it's alright I'm shy too! I'm about to be done so, I can get out of your way! I began to walk back to finish washing my hands. So he kept peeking. I said to myself poor thing must really be ridiculed and tormented by some of the coworkers but, why is he working here if so. I have never seen him on this shift and didn't hear the big heavy steel door open with the noise of the machines. He was not there when I went in. He was not a ghost and intelligently moved. He made scuff sounds with his clothing touching the wall and was a solid flesh being. 
Then I said, I'm leaving now so the rest room is all yours at a distance of about 11 feet I walk toward the bulk head to start my way out. Then another employee starts to open the heavy steel door and the human like entity darts from behind the wall and slides for a split second and looks me up and down and at my face as nervously, as if to say you are not supposed to have seen me. He had long pointed ears and a thin bony pushed up nose and no hair around the edges of the cap. There was no emblem on any of the clothing. He quickly swung his head around to see if the employee had see him yet. A portal was opening as he takes those few steps in between the urinal and the first toilet wall he ducks his head slightly and leaps in to disappears. I realize I can't take the unknown and this truth to my grave!
