{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-02-24 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469483","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3864,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/483/mufon-5469483.json","updb_database_id":5469483}
Orb like craft hovered directly above for about 1 minute at treetop height.

My UFO Sighting

This sighting took place somewhere between 2002 and 2006, I will guess it happened in 2003. I live in a quiet neighborhood on a secondary type road, maybe about 16 ft wide. The driveway to my house forms a letter 1T1 with an intersecting street that ends looking at my driveway. In other words I live on the top of the T looking down the vertical line that makes up the body. 
 Early one morning, sometime around February or early March approximately 6:30 to 6:45 am, I walked out into my driveway to get something from my car. I could see down the side street in front of me. There was a big orb like circle just above the tree line. I watched as the orb moved slowly and silently towards me. It stopped directly over the house across the street from me. This is about a 2000 sq. foot house and the orb was about 80% in size of the width of the house, I1m guessing about 35 ft. wide. Being almost a perfect circle, I would estimate it to be of equal height as width. 
 I was for some reason not the least bit nervous or scared, just the opposite, I was quite curious. I walked across the street to get a better view and observe this orb from the back. The light from the orb was very diffused, it was a light onto itself but was not putting light out onto the surrounding environment. As I approached the house from the left side, putting the orb to my right, I could see the outer right rim of the orb but it was not observable from behind. There only appeared to be sky. I realized that there must be something that was blocking my vision of the orb from this angle but there was nothing. I came to the conclusion it must be something perfectly camouflaged with the sky. 
Then I saw it. Approximately 40 ft behind the orb and slightly lower there was a backwards 1L1 shaped pipe hanging in mid-air! I could plainly see the pipe as I was standing almost underneath it; it was about 10 inches in diameter and bent at a 37 degree angle. For the life of me, I don1t know how I knew, but I knew that I knew it was 37 degrees and for some reason that was significant. I'm not great at math, and not the least bit interested in engineering, but for some reason I couldn1t get the angle of the pipe out of my head. 
 It was now that I knew whatever I was looking at was perfectly camouflaged, except for this pipe that appeared to be hanging in mid-air (It was also perfectly silent). I stood there looking at it for another 30-45 seconds then began to walk up to it, so as to stand directly under it. As I did there was a loud noise, which sounded exactly like the loud frazzling sound a transformer makes when it blows. Sparks then flew off the pipe and it began it move upwards very slowly for 1 second then shot straight up. It was completely gone out of sight within 2-3 seconds. The orb and the pipe moved in unison together, meaning that they were indeed all part of the same thing, even though I could not see what connected them. 
 I was left with two thoughts: I said to myself, 1what cheap technology for an alien ufo1 and the compelling thought of the 37 degree pipe. 
Note: The total event took place in about 1 1 to 2 minutes. I did not experience any missing time.
