{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-05 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500419","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58688","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/419/mufon-5500419.json","updb_database_id":5500419}
{nd} Bell shaped with two rows of lights spinning in opposite descriptions.

I was walking my dog when I saw two red lights side by side near the end of the dirt road I live on. I assumed they were tail lights, they bounced in unison then they bounced up and out of sight. While I thought it unusual, I wrote it off as a unique reflection. I've spent a lot of time on Mauna Kea by myself and volunteering to run the telescopes at the Visitor Center. I've counted a dozen satellites in one evening. I've seen illumination, signal and other types of flares from the military base. I've watched the ISS cruise over the mountain, I 've seen teardrop meteors, moonbows and a sprite. I 'be seen just about everything that would make someone scream UFO. Only twice I 've seen objects far up in the sky that I couldn't explain due to it's unique movements. After I saw the two red lights, roughly 10 to 15 seconds later I saw something I'll never forget. It was roughly 50 to 75 yards away. It was bell shaped and lit up with the four aforementioned colors. I didn't see it land or take off and it made no sound. My dog was completely unaware of it. When I called my dogs name it sounded as if I was in a vacuum. As if my voice was extremely loud and originated in front of me. It was roughly 15 ft. Tall and 10 ft. across at the base. There were two strips of lights spinning in opposite directions. I could make out the shape but couldn't make out any features because of the lights. The lights were very plasmatic in nature but the colors were very apparent and didn't blend. I've been interested in UFO's since I was a child. Aside from a handful of crafts I've seen that were bell shaped, I've always pictured them as saucers so anything my brain would dream up would more than likely would be saucer shaped. The more I researched bell shaped UFO's, the more it bothered me. I was watching a program that showed how many civilizations and cultures held these objects in such high regard. I need to speak to someone who knows about crafts like these or has seen one. I was playing with my 350 lumen flashlight in S.O.S. Mode and my high powered green laser pointer. I'm willing to take a polygraph test or interrogated by an expert in the field. You hope to see something like this your whole life. When you finally see something like this, you start to wonder whether or not you really did in the first place. I need answers, I went as far as to have a CAT Scan to make sure my brain was functioning properly.. I need to know whether or not anything like this has been seen by other people. Mahalo for your opinion in advance. I need to know that something identical has been seen by others. Aloha , Jman
