{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-09-27 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489419","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70201","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/419/mufon-5489419.json","updb_database_id":5489419}
{nd} Witnessed a disc shaped object with very bright lights hovering over house shining beam on roof

On Tuesday September 27, 1994 at 9:05 pm I was coming home from work when I noticed what looked like a huge star moving across the horizon in the distance. 

I usually don't go that direction but I had to investigate to see what it was. After driving about a mile I reached the area I had seen it and what I saw completely caught me off guard.

Over to the left of the road across from the local High School was a subdivision of houses and as I pulled up I saw a large disc about 40 to 50 feet in size hovering over top of one of them. It was shining a bluish white beam of light on the roof hovering completely silently (almost like it was suspended by ropes or something). The beam of light was coming from what looked like a rectangular shaped window on the side of it. 

I couldn't see the top of it because it was at night but the bottom of it was covered in lights and was extremely bright. In the center of the bottom was a huge red light and then the rest of the bottom was covered with small white lights. 

After a few minutes of observing it from the road I decided to get a closer look so I drove down the hill into the subdivision. At this point I was probably 50 feet away from it looking up at about a 45 degree angle. Just at that moment the UFO apparently took notice I was there and slowly glided over top of another house in the opposite direction away from me. It then stopped and hovered over top of it like it did the other house.

A couple of more minutes passed (about 5 minutes total combined) and then I noticed that a car up in the school parking lot across the street started to leave. I hadn't even paid attention to it since I arrived because I was so focused on the UFO. 

I was kind of in shock because my immediate thought was "there's a UFO hovering over a house and you're just going to drive away?!". I couldn't believe anybody would do that. A few seconds after the car started driving away the UFO slowly started moving in that direction away from me almost like it was following the car.

Of course I didn't want it to get away so I floored my old chevy Cavalier as fast it could go out of the subdivision and back onto the main road but by the time I got up on top of the hill there was nothing. There was no trace of the UFO or car. It was like they both just vanished. 

It's been over 20 years since I witnessed that event but it's something that will be etched in my memory forever. I've done a lot of thinking about it and the only conclusion I can come to is that it wasn't from this planet. The only possible alternative would be military experimental aircraft but that doesn't explain why it was hovering over top of a house shining a bluish white beam of light on the roof with an engine that didn't make any sound.

Attached is a drawing of what I witnessed using Microsoft Paint.
