{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-10 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498419","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2508,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/419/mufon-5498419.json","updb_database_id":5498419}
{rjl} 3 bladed fan

I was sitting in my garage. My grand daughter came in the garage to tell me she found one of her walkie talkies we hade lost about a month before. She only found one. I turned it on and it still worked. She began babbling into it for a few minutes and then someone answered her babbling also. I thought someone was messing with her. So I just played along. She asked me who was that. Jokingly I said it was the aliens. She said which ones. I said the ones that fly around in the sky. She said she wanted to see one. I told her she probably wouldn't see one. They are hard to see. She insisted we go out to the circle drive we live on. She kept asking what is that. Its just an airplane I said. We saw several planes over the next few minutes. Then we both got quite. I saw 3 slits of light in the distance. Then it was 4 lights then 5 then 6. I could tell they were headed our way. I was eager to identity what they were. They all slowed together as they flew over our heads. The craft was invisible until it got right over our heads. My grand daughter took off running and told me to get in the garage. I said its ok and to wait a minute. She stopped a witnessed it with me. The silhouette of the craft appeared. it looked black. Then I realized it was two separate craft with light on each end of the blades. A small bolt of light crawled down the lead vehicles blade. I could then see it was a beautiful dark blue purlple metallic with a green metallic stripe down the middle of the blade. The light went out and they both took off faster than anything I've ever seen. My grand daughter was adamant about getting inside. She was visibly shaken. I was in shock a little. I don't think I would have believed what I saw if she hadn't seen too. She wouldn't talk on her walkie talkie anymore. She thinks she called them. I can't say I disagree. Very strange I know. Coolest thing I've ever seen in my life.
