{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-13 08:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289113","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114246","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/113/mufon-5289113.json","updb_database_id":5289113}
I will abbreviate the story. I started taking pictures of downtown KCMO off my TVi from my TV on Fox 4 News in the morning between 8am to 10 am.

I started to document how clear the city view was from afar now that there isn't all that pollution from cars and businesses and air travel, etc.
I didn't look at this picture in April very closely and I just thought the sky looked great and it was so clear. Within the past few weeks I was scrolling through my camera on my Android 9 plus edge mobile phone and I spotted a little something above one of the buildings. I did a blow up and here was this picture of what looked like a silver pyramid above one of the buildings.
I have other pictures so I went back and looked at them of the same scene or very close to it and there was nothing above that building then.
It looks weird to me and I even thought if somebody pulling a prank? I think Fox 4 News here in KCMO should be contacted to see if they still have the video from that camera from that time to see if they have this on there digital data. If so, they could tell us exactly what time it appeared and how it moved and what happened to it. Showed it to my husband and he thought it was weird. I sent copies of the two pictures for comparison to Georgio's Tsoukolos (sp?) Since my husband and I are huge Alien Astronaut fans.
I sent it to another agency, also by email, but I can't remember the name but I found it on the internet as somewhere that would look at this picture. I have that information in my phone but not right this minute. I'm not sure about how big it was but it was shiny. I don't know the exact address of that building but I know it's downtown near what they call the Darth Vader building.
