{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505113","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2893,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/113/mufon-5505113.json","updb_database_id":5505113}
{kt}New years eve 12:03 am

I went outside to view the new years eve goings on, I stepped out of my house at approx 12:03 am. There were fireworks and sky rockets as one might expect, I noticed a light that I thought was a helicopter that traveled from the NW towards the SE from my vantage point. This light then stopped at about 11 o'clock from my position and hovered, a second object then appeared below the first and hovered below it. The first object then ascended higher and higher while the second object remained stationary. I walked to the front of my driveway and observed two more objects far out to the west and appearing star like and much smaller. Through all of this I thought what I was seeing were either flares or Chinese candles, Keep in mind it was just after midnight on new years eve. I watched the objects for at least several minutes, I thought they appeared out of the ordinary but given the circumstance ( new years eve 12:03 am )I thought they were probably flares or Chinese candles. I returned inside my house and after a while I went to bed. I was not drinking and let me state that clearly, I had no alcohol although it was new years eve. The next day there were news reports of these same objects ( by description of media reports )on the news. This got my curiosity right away. looking into it I found a video from the Hollywood hills on the internet and it was exactly what I had witnessed. What really got me was the fact that I am at least 25 miles south of the Hollywood Hills. How do you see the same flares or Chinese candle from a location separated by that distance in a major metropolitan area. The news reports described these objects ( eyewitness accounts ) exactly as what I had witnessed. These same objects were seen from Canada to N.California ( shortly before I seen them ) and also in Texas and N.Carolina. It was only then after seeing these reports the next day that I was convinced I had seen something completely out of the ordinary. They were a pinkish orange color and their movements were very odd ( not way out whacky but just how they seemed to glide )Turns out a whole lot of people seen them in a whole lot of places. that's a true honest account and what I seen I have no idea what they were. I took a photo with my cell phone and it shows nothing.
