{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-12 22:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501113","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57961","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/113/mufon-5501113.json","updb_database_id":5501113}
{cak} Orange lights appearing out of cloud bank

Just before 11:00pm, there were five of us sitting on our back deck at our home enjoying a nice summer evening. My 22 year old daughter screamed, "Dad, look". To the northwest, between the trees in our back yard, there was an orange light that was moving toward the east. It was bright, not star-like, but like an orange roman candle ball, larger than the landing lights we frequently see on approaching aircraft. It was moving slowly, on the horizontal, and disappeared behind the trees. A few minutes later, maybe 5 minutes, a second 'orb' was seen, also orange in color, to the south-west of our position, about 30 degrees above the horizon. It faded out (or entered clouds) quickly. We talked about it for some time, trying to debunk what we saw as possibly being Chinese lanterns or something. They were located in completely different areas of the sky, and if they were, they were not launched from the same location, as they were clearly at least 2 or more miles apart, and there was no surface wind. As we were debating what we were seeing, the third one appeared, to the left of where the first one was seen. It was above the trees, looked to be either rising in the sky, or approaching straight toward us. It also was orange-red in color, and increased in brightness (like it was coming out of the clouds) and brightened to a yellow or yellow-orange color. It moved 'up' in the sky, maybe to 45 degrees above the horizon and stopped. There appeared to be a small orange light that fell from the bottom of it, and it then proceeded to turn to the east, almost a 90 degree turn, and continued in an easterly direction, past as many as three trees, before either fading out or re-entering the clouds. We attempted to video, but couldn't capture it before it faded out. We waited excitedly for maybe another 30 minutes to see if it would return...but didn't see it after we got a film camera out, too. Thanks. JC.
