{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-16 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293113","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110202","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3189,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/113/mufon-5293113.json","updb_database_id":5293113}
It backtracked a couple times and changed elevation.

So last night my boyfriend and I went out front to smoke a cigarette. I was sitting on the porch and he was standing on the sidewalk. He had claimed to see something the day before so I at first didn’t believe him this time when he said to come see what’s in the sky. I stood up and turned around and looked but didn’t see anything at first. Then I saw a white light flash. I kept looking to see it again and after 10-15 seconds I saw it again to the right (East), and we started timing it to see if it’s consistent. He timed it once at 15 seconds and then I timed it at 10 seconds (so it was not regular flashing) and at one point it flashed 3 times at once. 

The craft was invisible when it didn’t flash the light so it was like waiting to see a firefly light up to know where it is. Next thing I remember it lights up BEHIND where it previously came from and then lit up again ahead of there like it was returning to the direction it intended to go.  So it went backwards. It stayed visible for a good while even with a couple tall trees in the view because it started going like northeast higher up in the sky. After a minute it was coming back down and was behind the neighbors tree but way up in the sky (just a lot lower compared to when it elevated). Soon later it popped back out from behind the trees where we could totally see the light again when it flashed and it zigzagged one last time before it finally went out of our view (meaning it backed up before proceeding forward again on its path), which it shouldn’t have been able to do. It never hovered as far as I know and it flew in a direct line for the most part, but what was the most odd about it and really convinced me was 

1. The zig zag type path, 
2. Changes in elevation, and 
3. The way the lights randomly flashed.  Within a minute or two of us not seeing it anymore, we saw a plane from the opposite direction (light consistently flashing), and a life flight helicopter came from the same general direction that we just saw the ufo, and it had a constant light. What we first witnessed was nothing like them. I mentioned going inside for the phone to video it twice but we didn’t think it would last so long plus we didn’t want to miss it. We normally have the phone with us so it sucks we didn’t get video. I did take a picture from the sidewalk today now that there’s daylight, and drew a line of my perceived version of its path, with dots on it roughly showing where it flashed light but it’s on another device if you want to email me.
