{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-12 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508113","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2756,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/113/mufon-5508113.json","updb_database_id":5508113}
Large circular object with triangular tail glowed orange/red

I walked out of my house on to the patio in front of my house, it was a clear evening around dusk with no cloud. The time was about 8pm Saturday. As a smoker I would step outside to smoke as I am not allowed to do so in the house. 
The house I live in is detached with no immediate neighbour but with an excellent view across the river wye to out lying fields.
Being on the side of hill, I only have an easterly view from north to south. As I lite my cigarette I notice a cloud forming in the northern part of the sky, my initial reaction was this was an asteroid and it was heading straight for me. I looked in to the window of the house and saw my wife watching tv and decided to leave her be as we were about to be destroyed and I could see no reason to upset her or the children . I don't know why I thought this.

The cloud got bigger and bigger and eventually started to glow red, this reinforced my opinion of imminent death from this asteroid. The cloud evaporated and all I could see was this reddish glowing object, at that point I knew this was not an asteroid. I was unable to move from the spot I stood and just kept watching as it got bigger. It passed overhead and now I could see it was perfectly round but with an angular tail as long as the width of the big round disc.

The outline was very clear but I could not see the object directly as the orange/red glow was too strong but I could make out the outline. It continued on in the same trajectory and suddenly blinked out of view in the southen part of the sky.

The emotions running through me made met think about why is it I can see this and NASA or CETI couldnt ?

I then remembered I had a mobile phone with a camara (Blackberry) so I walked in to the house and set it up to take pictures. About a minute later a second bright orange orb arrived at the exact same place where the cloud first appeared. I took a picture of it but it must have been darker than I realised as the picture shows a reddish object but black all around it.
