{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549113","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6088","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/113/mufon-5549113.json","updb_database_id":5549113}
UFO like a Bi plane with just wings.

Do I believe in UFOs, Yes are there aliens? maybe, 
I am a New Testament Christianand, here are a couple of my experiences.
 
 Back in the 80s I was driving my 77 ford pick up home from work one evening. 
It was just starting to get dark and I was driving up a streach road that led close to the top of a hill when something to 

the right caught my eye,there are mostly trees on the right side but in an open space I caught a glimps of a glowing light, 

low and moving the same direction I was going. I thought what the hoot maybe I can get to the top of the hill where the road 

turns left or right and get another look.
When I came to the top it had already turned left around the top of the hill and was coming parallel to me going in the 

opposite direction, about seventy yards away and maybe sevety five or eighty feet up but listen to this, I stopped, shut my 

motor off and got out as it 
came to about a hundred feet away, it didn't make a noise.....it looked like a bi-plane with the nose cutoff flush with the 

wings and the tail section also cut off at the wings with a full height cab . There wasn't 
enough light to see any outline of any persons 
inside. Out near the ends and in between both 
the wings were large amber colored lights, 
made like two Dixie cups with the big ends 
together with the points centered and secured 
in the wings......
 If anone else has seen one please let me know.

Another one was nothing but lights, I saw about dark, back about 1963 a light that looked as though a small plane just topping 

over a hill about a hundred or so yards away all I could see was a blinking light. I was standing leaning on my cousins car, he was facing the other way.
  Suddenly this small moving light stopped blinking and it looked as though someone was opening a big garauge door and the 

garauge was filled with brilliant light, then after a second or so it looked like the door closed but there was nothing there 

and not a sound..........
