{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-02 15:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468113","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3025,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/113/mufon-5468113.json","updb_database_id":5468113}
Fimed disc/puck shaped object for 20 seconds . Descended into cloud

There was an approaching thunder storm from the south east . I looked out of a window as I was at home . I noticed an object in the distance , which did not look like a bird , drifting in the sky . I then went and grabbed my camcorder - panasonic HC.V250 10.0 mega pixels 90 x zoom - to see if I could zoom in on it to see what it was . When I had returned with the camera it had moved some distance in the sky , my view of it was blocked as it had passed the town clock , and I lost sight of it as it passed behind a rooftop . I then ran to another window in my house so I could see it again. I opened the window as I did not want to film it through glass . I managed to film it for about 30 seconds , maybe actually only 20 by the time I focus in etc .
I would describe the object as puck shaped , a disc with an edge . I was viewing it moving from my left to right , it does appear cigar shaped as it moved horizontally , there were clouds above it and below it , it approached some lower level clouds , then banked , as it done this you could clearly see it was circular when viewed from underneath . In brief ,it traveled at a constant speed , approached a cloud formation then banked and went into the cloud and that is when I lost sight of it . I have only basic computing equipment , so have not had the chance yet to try and enhance the images in photo shop . The film is a bit shaky , but when slowed down and screenshots taken you get some better images . I only noticed afterwards looking at screen shots , that as it approaches the cloud to descend into it there appears a green doughnut shaped light underneath it . 
Have attached the film clip and a couple of screen shots , and hopefully someone out there may be able to enhance them a bit more than I can .
Was filmed in Crieff , Perthshire , Scotland .
View for yourself ....... Please contact me if any further information is required .
