{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-16 23:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503407","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55537","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3165,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/407/mufon-5503407.json","updb_database_id":5503407}
Changing light colors, object speed, turns/changed direction at West Edge of London, proceeding back toward my position before I drive off.

What looked like two glowing red lights in the East turned out to be a square/rectagular object hovering very slowly east to west. It had 4 corners, one held a round green light, the opposite a red (on each side of it's "wingspan") on the front and back it had white lights. It slowly hovered over me as I filmed it in the Superstore parking lot at the west edge of the parking lot. It moved from one end of the lot at about 40 Kph nearly silent except for a subtle static noise, and took maybe 20-30 seconds to pass over me. It then slowed, seemingly picked up speed and left, then returned within 20 seconds toward me. I subsequently drove my car away.

This happened at the west edge of London, somewhat North West of city center. It appeared as if the object cleared a final residential area pas the river, then turned and came back into town. 

The shapes between the four corners of light (from a direct underneath view) were composed of many straight lings, rectangular and square in nature--almost like 6" thick black rectangle and square walls with varying lengths overlapping each other but each side was almost always (if not always) parallel to the other (making them rectangles and squares). It appeared to be more long from far wing (north) to close wing (south facing wing) than it appeared to be from front (West moving) to back (east moving). The only close comparison would be an underside view of the Millenium Falcon from Star Wars, travelling sideways. It was non-symetrical and moved too slowly to be generating lift, and with not even enough sound to be a silent (stealth) helicopter. 

Could be a weather balloon but it changed directions as viewable on film so fast and looked so obscure and indefinable I feel it's highly unlikely. My only other man made explanations are some kind of balloon/blimp device not commonly known (shape seen like what I saw in Kitchener recently and in London recently the last 2 years I believe), a drone of some type, or a lowered hanging object dangled by a helicopter or drone of some type.  

At first the object appeared to be two red lights dimly glowing and hovering stationary, however it was at such a distance the lights were barely visible.
