{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-14 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460407","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100830","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5750,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/407/mufon-5460407.json","updb_database_id":5460407}
{jpg} Southern Indiana UFO observed

This happened in the warm months of 1974 but I can't remember exactly what month it was. This observation occured in southern Indiana, on State Road 46, east of Bloomington, out near Belmont.  I make no claims as to what it was I saw, except that it is unexplainable by what I know.  I'm a licensed privat pilot (SEL) and an amateur astronomer... with a bachelors of science degree and have worked in microelectronics my whole career.

I was out cruising on my motorcycle at about 10:00pm this one night.  Clear sky and New Moon (Moon not visible).  I was on a rural 2 lane state road highway and saw what at first I thought was a helicopter up ahead turning it's underslung searchlight on and off intermittently.  The craft wasn't lit but the beam of light was visible, illuminating the trees up on a ridgeline down the road from me.  I decided it was probably the state police and they were looking for someone or something and so, I pulled off to the side of the road and turned my engine off and removed my helmet.  I didn't want to ride into a police activity event up ahead. 

First thing I noticed after stopping and removing my helmet, is there was no sound, which is odd because I wasn't all that far away and there were no navigation lights or strobes on the craft. I had been heading East and this craft was searching a ridgeline perpendicular, running North/South.  It was hovering over the ridge at something like 100' feet above it.  It slowly moved North, paused and then slowly moved South while intermittently turning on it's searchlight high intensity beam down into the trees on the top of the ridge.  At sometime during it's Southward movement, it stopped using the searchlight and the craft started glowing a bit, kind of like a very low wattage incandescent light bulb.  It vectored to the Southwest, out over an open farm field, towards me but off to my right.  All of this now has taken under 10 minutes but probably greater than 5 minutes.  The object was dead silent.  It moved in that Southwest direction until it was about 400-500 yards from me.  I remember thinking that with the craft glowing, I couldn't make out any particular shape.  I was actually starting to feel concerned, because I knew this was something I had no idea what it was.  I was uncomfortable, because I didn't know if it was a threat or not.  It finally stopped moving and was about 50'-100' above the plowed farm field.  It didn't change or do anything for a minute, until the glow started increasing in intensity and brightness.  It got very bright! Then, all of a sudden, it shot straight up.  I remember thinking as it's glowing diameter shrunk smoothly, as it got higher in altitude, to really focus on it so I didn't lose sight of it in the stars.  But that's what happened, it got so small, I couldn't pick it out of the thousands of stars in the perfectly clear sky.  The rapid ascent took less than 10 seconds.  You can imagine what was going through my mind.  The other thing that I noticed was that no other cars or trucks went by on SR 46 for that 10 minutes I saw this object.  I got back on my motorcycle and rode back into Bloomington and stopped by a friend's house and told him the story.  He had a Toyota Land Cruiser and we decided at first light, to take a ride out to the ridgeline in the morning.  

Early the next morning, we found a trail at the base of the ridge and drove back through the trees and meadows until we couldn't go any further.  We climbed the ridge and started walking up on top of the ridge and into an opening in the trees up there, we found a wild grassy area that was about 3' tall that had been spiral flattened that looked to be about 30' in diameter.  Within that, my friend and I found 3 pad impressions , circular indentations about 10"-12" in diameter, in the ground that formed a perfect equilateral triangle.  Was that related to the craft I saw the night before?  I don't know... I never knowingly saw it land but it sure is an odd coincidence.

That's what I saw.  I've been keeping this secret for a long time due to the stigma but now that UFO's are becoming more accepted, I;m starting to talk about my experience 45 years ago. Just for added clarity, at the beginning of the observation, when the vertical light beam was going on/off intermittently, the object was dark.  Later in the observation it started having a dull glow and then just prior to it's rapid vertical ascent, the object was glowing VERY brightly.  I just want to be clear that the appearance changed and I cannot say exactly what the shape was.  

I know from my aviation experience that this object had nothing in common with how I know aircraft operate.  I have no idea what it was that I saw and it was 1974, back then state of the art aviation was the F-15 Eagle.  This object was certainly not that.   All I know is, that this event made me have an open mind for decades.  

(In filling out the form, the one question on eyeglasses I answered that I wear them, which is true today.  Back during the UFO event in 1974, I had 20/10 vision at 21 yrs old.  Much better than average.)
