{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-08 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490407","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69185","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/407/mufon-5490407.json","updb_database_id":5490407}
Triangle shape, visually similar to famous Belgian UFO image but with no central light, just three yellow-orange corners.

I was sat in my garden relaxing and drinking a weak mix of Pimms and Lemonade, my second or third glass, I had already eaten and was not intoxicated.

It was 10:15pm (+/- 5 minutes) and the sun was well set, a clear night I was enjoying the starry view and waiting for a pass of the ISS. I am not totally inexperienced at skywatching and can usually tell a plane or balloon quite easily.

The triangle object(s) appeared over rooftop to my south-west on an apparent northerly heading. After around 3-4 seconds on that heading it seemed to curve to turn to a north-west direction and after a further 3-4 seconds was gone over trees. The three orange lights were not very bright and seemed to fade a little more as the object moved away. I could not see if the space between the orange corner lights was filled by some rigid body, I do not recall seeing the stars being masked by it but can not say for sure either way as the orange lights were really the focus of my eyes. My initial feeling was that the object was perhaps 15-20m above ground (approx twice the house height) and moving at somewhere around 20-30 kph. I at first thought the size were in the range of 2m to 4m, along each edge. But after further consideration there was nothing to truly indicate the distance, so no way of telling the size or speed. During the apparent turn the triangle shape seemed to alter slightly this gave the impression of a gentle change in orientation, I can't say for sure if the triangle was true equilateral. 

The object were totally silent, during the event my mind raced and I quickly wondered if I were watching a kite or drone, but there was no noise or breeze at all. The object passed over multiple properties and fenced boundaries and beyond some trees, a terrible place to try and fly a drone or kite anyway.

I have also considered birds, in fact it is the only explanation I could consider at this time, but they were three very large and silent birds with highly reflective bellies and invisible wings, and able to fly in a excellent triangle formation. I have since watched for bird formations on the subsequent evenings and seen nothing of the sort.
