{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-06-22 23:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465407","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/407/mufon-5465407.json","updb_database_id":5465407}
UFO followed us for 26km from friend1s house to our front door. It was an evening just like any other we were invited to a party at a friends bosses house in the village of Oeffelt,, around 26 kilometers to our house in Boekel

Full Description of event/sighting: It was June the 22 in 1996 on a Saturday when we drove to a fellows farmhouse, (names removed) boss it was the night that Holland had to play France in the European championships. It was around twelve o1clock when my friend and I decided to leave. We were the first to leave. I had to work the next day and I don1t like to go to bed late on work nights. We thanked our host and walked outside immediately I saw a disk like object with many lights under it circling above the farm house. It was nothing that I1ve ever seen before and I said to my friend, hey look at that, my friend thought that it is was probably from the highway. Imagine if you will total darkness on an old farm house road, no houses just a country road the highway was four or five miles away. We stepped inside the car and drove west towards a major road.

My friend said that the object was flying adjacent to the car on the passengers side. I looked and saw it, turned left and the object turned with us when I speeded up the object speeded up as well, turned right and it proceeded to follow and the same speed. We drove another few miles and this object kept the same distance from the car. I guess I got brave, our stupid, and stopped the car, got out to take a better look at the object. It was spinning in a slow way counterclockwise and then stopped above a house on our right side, then started turning clockwise back towards us it was interacting with us. To get an approximation on the size of it I would have to know how high that he was flying, what I do know for sure is that it was close and large the size of a couple of football fields. It made no sound. It flew over the car a couple of times. After a few minutes I got back inside the car.


Trying not to alarm my friend I keep my thoughts to myself. I drove on turning left on the middle peel road We thought that we had lost him because of the low tree line but that illusion was short lived, because one minute later it was back on the passengers side of the car. When we reached Boekel we were driving under a lot of trees so we couldn1t see anything following us. My friend said to drive faster and hide the car under our garage so I did, we got out of the car and ran inside the house. When I told the baby sitter she said 1 it was a shame that she couldn1t have seen it1. Me being of the nosey types had to look outside and to my horror it was hovering above the neighbors house. But now it was very close and I could see from the lights that he was slanting down in my direction, looking at me. I could see this because when this object was following us home we saw the whole underside with all the lights turning clockwise or counterclockwise now I could only see a row of lights where the lights were turning they were disappearing on the side and reappearing on the other side. I called for the baby sitter and my wife to come outside, but when they did the thing took off like a rocket it was like it just disappeared. Note that this was instantaneous and did not make the slightest noise or wind like a helicopter would do.

Being a prior air force sergeant I know what the military has. When the two ladies went back inside a minute later it came back. And I called the ladies back. This time the object stayed and the baby sitter turned a little shade of white and said that she was going home because 1this is scary1 then she departed for her house. Just then (name removed) my neighbor, was returning home from a party. Walked over to me and the object took off again. When I told Jan of our 1strange night1 He laughed and I told him to stay put, it will come back, just then it returned and Jan was surprised He had never seen anything like this and a couple of minutes later it took off and we went back inside. Hoping that it would just stay away and it did. In this weekend we heard on the news that there were a lot of UFO sightings in that weekend. when I saw MUFON case number 94291 that is exactly what we saw on the night in question. that is why I'm reporting this to you. I had already reported to other sites 20 years ago.
