{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-06-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549407","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/407/mufon-5549407.json","updb_database_id":5549407}
My two daughters and I saw two UFO's in Northern Michigan about eleven miles from where John Shepard had a UFO tracking station set up.

My two daughters and I lived in a mobile home located on my parent's property. My parents lived close to me, and I was at their house visiting. My daughters were outside. It was just after dusk in the evening. My daughters came running in to the house saying, "Mom, come quick, there are UFO's out here." I hesitated, thinking it was something else, but they kept insisting so I went outside. When I looked up I saw a craft of some kind, and I didn't know what it was. I kept trying to figure out if it was a heliocopter or airplane, but it wasn't either of those. It was a real craft, and it was moving slowly coming from the direction of East Jordan, Michigan, heading to the area of Bellaire, Michigan, about eleven miles away. The girls said there had been another one which had already gone over. The closest I can describe the craft I saw is that the whole thing was similar to fluorescent lighting only real smokey. Behind the smokeyness, I could see what looked a little like windows, but not like our windows, and I could not see anything through them. It appeared to be round, and it rotated about medium fast. As it rotated we could see a couple of different colors through the smokeyness. I think they were blue and red or red and green. I didn't know what to do so I waved at it. I thought it would be better to be friend than foe! It was real low in the sky--just about the treetops of the trees in the yard, real low! I could see the first one off in the distance ahead of it. We were really shaken up after that, but tried to put it out of my mind. I went to work the next day, and everyone was talking about UFO's having been in the area the night before. I didn't say too much about what I saw, as it was even unbelieveable to me. That night when I got home from work, my daughters came out to meet me and said that there was an article in the local newspaper that other people had seen UFO's the night before, and that a woman traveling in a car from the Boyne City area going to Charlevoix, Michigan, with her dog, had been followed by a UFO. They did not give her name, but I think they said she was a teacher from out of town. Charlevoix, Michigan is a tourist attraction area. Also, I think it was around that time that an full-page article came out in a local paper about John Shepard, a young man who lived with his parents in the Bellaire, Michigan area. It said that he had a UFO tracking station set up in their home. I had that newspaper for a long time, but it got lost sometime when we moved. I'm sure a copy of those newspapers could be obtained. This is not the end of my sighting. About two or three nights later when I was getting into bed, I heard what I thought was the sound of a large cricket in my bedroom. I started looking all around the room for it and couldn't find anything. It seemed to get louder and louder and I tried the radio to see if that was what it was. It wasn't the radio. The sound hurt my ears, and I tried to cover them up. I got my head under the covers of the bed and pressed my ear into the pillow, but I could still hear it. It was terrible. There was a window over my bed, and I felt sure that there was something outside, but I was too afraid to look out! The whole mobile home seemed to be engulfed in an electrostatic (best word I can think of) cover. I was shaking from the inside out. I don't know how long that went on, and the next thing I knew I was lying on the foot of the bed. When I finally lifted my head up I could hear a sound like computerized Morse Code: ...--...--, etc. It gradually subsided. The girls were still in their bed (they slept together), and I wondered if they had an experience like I did. I didn't want to influence their answers, so all I asked them is "Are you girls awake, and did you hear anything?" The oldest girl spoke slowly and said, "It sounded like a lot of crickets outside." Then I knew it had really happend to me. The youngest girl had been asleep &usually didn't fall asleep that fast.Itold arentsthat we had seen the UFO's, and my Dad said he wished he had gone out there, too, when the girls called us to come outside. My computer is old, and I can't send pictures on it. I still could sketch what we saw. I had made a sketch after the sighting, but that was all lost when we moved. Also, the next morning when I went down the hall to the kitchen I reached up and put my hand on my ear and thought to myself, my ear is so sore this morning. I had never had ear problems in my life before. It may be presumptive, but I really believe I had an implant put in my ear of some kind. I don't know for sure, but that's what I believe.
The above statement is true and correct to the best of my memory. 
Thank you,

Susan E. Youngs
