{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-22 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505407","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53453","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/407/mufon-5505407.json","updb_database_id":5505407}
{cak} I first noticed this white, round object that looked like a giant orb, silently hovering. After hovering for about ten minutes, the object changed direction and shape. It literally changed shape from an orb into a weird looking triangular aircraft.

I was sitting down on my porch step smoking a cigarette when suddenly out of nowhere a white round object came into my view on my northeast. I witnessed it hovering there silently emitting internal white light for about ten to fifteen minutes when I walked towards it, trying to get a better view of it. At this point, it started moving silently to my west and literally turned into some sort of airplane. I know how rare of a sighting this is because in all of my own personal research, Ive maybe once read about a morphing UFO. In retrospect, it was almost like this object knew it was spotted and tried to convince us, whoever else may have witnessed it, that it was nothing more than a conventional airplane. I also feel compelled to say that this object appeared RIGHT over top of where cattle are raised on this farm close to my house. And days leading up to this event, the cattle had been making the worse noises Ive ever heard any cattle ever make. My father was also a witness to this event, I should add. During the event, I felt an array of emotions. Mostly I was excited but afterwards, I came out of it with an uneasiness emotionally. I do believe that these beings have some sort of attraction to cattle, whether its for their organs, blood, etc. Its eerie to me because in actuality, I don't think theres any question on the legitimacy of these objects any longer. We know theyre here. We know that more and more people are coming out of the closet to disclose their own personal experiences with these beings, including abductions, which in my opinion, are one hundred percent real and ongoing. From researching psychiatrists like John Mack and Budd Hopkins, I don't think theres any question on the nature of abductions which include a precise interest on breeding. What puzzles me is why the breeding program? What is the end game for these hybrid beings? We need answers, and now. Thank you for allowing me to disclose my personal experience with this object.
