{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491432","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68134","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/432/mufon-5491432.json","updb_database_id":5491432}
{cak} Orb of light observed.

I was outside of my house looking at the stars and constellations that I could see. As I was looking at the constellation Ursa Major which was in the north west, I saw this object (orb) of light appear to the left of it out of nowhere. The object (orb) appeared very dimly then got brighter and pulsated for a short period of time, then got very dim and disappeared. I went back inside and told my mom what I saw and she joined me outside, and I pointed to her the direction that I saw the object (orb). And at that time we both witnessed the object (orb) come from above the tree line like it appeared to be hovering there, and it started to raise toward the handle of Ursa Major. As is was raising it would get bright and pulsate then got dim and disappeared and this happened twice, both times it started at the tree line and raising to the handle of Ursa Major. The first sighting by myself lasted no more then 10 seconds, but no shorter then 5 seconds and was north west to my home. The second sighting where my mom and I both witnessed lasted about 5 to 7 seconds. Then the third sighting happened about 15 minutes after the first too, and this time it was south west to where my home stands. The object appeared to the right of the constellation Scorpius, just like the other two sightings the object (orb) behaved the same way. It appeared to be hovering right at the tree line and went right to left and disappeared in a flash of light. It got brighter then the planet Saturn which was very visible the night this happened, the flash was blue in the center and white as it faded out (like a flash from a camera). The time of the first sighting was about 9:30 pm, the second sightings was about 9:35, and the last sighting where the object (orb) disappeared in the flash was 9:45.
