{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-09 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499432","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59706","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3362,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/432/mufon-5499432.json","updb_database_id":5499432}
{nd} saw 4-5 bright lit. star like objects in addition to a grey orb that circled a plane

I have recently posted a craigslist item for sale. I was meeting him at a local tv station on the east side of Springfield, MO. I missed the turn so I turned the car around and noticed a bright, star-like object to the west as I was parking. I had my wife was with me and I told her I was hopeful that the light would stay lit-I thought it may have been a star or planet since it was getting dark. At first my wife was sarcastic and stated that it was the sun setting, then I pointed at the light. She then saw what I meant. 

As I was getting my phone out to take a picture of it, it started to disappear. That's when I became confused since whenever you start to see stars beginning to shine they obviously don't fade, this light did! It really had me confused since I do watch the skies for ufos whenever I get the chance. I took a single picture as it was fading. I had then started to notice another object begin to illuminate in the same area I had just taken the picture. As I watched it, it began to get brighter! My wife even agreed that it was slowly becoming brighter. 

I decided to start filming with the camera on my phone. Once again the object got to a bright point then faded slowly. It never moved, only hovered. There was a commercial airliner flying over about this time. I started to watch the plane and noticed a grey orb move very quickly and close to the jet. I tried to point it out to my wife but she didn't see it. It seemed to flutter around the jet for about 10-15 seconds and then I lost sight of it. 

I pointed my camera back in the direction of the first lights had been. I had seen 2 lights illuminate about the same time and throughout the sighting they seemed to move left (south). That's when I saw the final light lit up a brighter red color than the other lights were. I hung out for a couple more minutes to see if I was going to see anything else, but nothing else happened. 

Like I said, they never moved like a satellite or the space stations, just hovered and faded more and less brighter. I was very happy and excited about the entire experience and have seen orbs before but nothing like this. I hope the videos and pic show it in better detail. I can definitely send you the original memory card so you can possible get a better look at it with better editing equipment. I am including the pic and 2 videos I took.
