{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-07-07 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490432","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69156","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3913,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/432/mufon-5490432.json","updb_database_id":5490432}
{cak} Clear night could see every star for miles in all directions over Lk. MI, craft was in space traveling from N, To S, Generally & then seemed to swerve or dodge & headed into deep space.

Lying beside my wife and near a campfire, flat on a blanket with feet facing toward lake which would be West and looking up into the stars on the beach on Platte Bay. Just enjoying the perfect summer night and in awe of all the stars we could see. Had head turned to my right which means I had a view of the Northern night sky over Lake Michigan. When a craft moving at a rate of speed that is unimaginable or definitely unobtainable with human technology caught my attention. This thing was in space way above earths atmosphere maybe satellite altitude give or take a few thousand miles or maybe a little less altitude than that. It reminded me of the way a water spider moved. These little bugs seem to propel themselves in little jerking motions instead of one continuous smooth movement. This thing moved extremely fast but not in a continuous smooth way. It covered my whole view of space above Lake Michigan form North to South in less than a minute. But I think it was using some type of technology to propel itself that exploded, because space lit up around it and then it would jerk or shoot itself further along its path. It reminded me of what I call sheet lighting or I think some call it heat lighting. But this happened very fast, each time it would jerk forward space would light up all around it for what must of been for a thousand miles way out there and I mean this thing was out there somewhere. So in just a few really fast jerks for lack of better terminology and lighting up space around it in it's region of space it moved in I guess I would say what must of been enormous segments of space. I turned my head lying there to follow it from right to left or North to South. I called out to my wife and she saw it when it was probably even to where we were at or directly West of us. So she saw only half of what I saw. When it got way over to my left or to the South it seemed to kinda of swerve or dodge really quickly at maybe a 45 degree angle into deep space I guess, and it was gone from sight. It seemed to go along a squiggly path at a short 45 degree angle up to my left or South maybe South-West and was gone out of sight. I say a Short 45 degree, I mean a short segment of space compared to all that it had just traveled. I mean it was immediately obvious to me I was seeing a display of intelligent technology way beyond anything of this earth. I guess after watching some of stuff about MuFon on TV, I figured why not mention what we saw that summer night. I mean that's a few seconds of my life I will never forget as long as I live. I know this was no meteor or satellite. I know I witnessed another type of intelligence of some kind that night. A technology that dwarfs our so much that I think we must still be in the cave man age compared to whatever or whoever was driving that thing. I don't think a human could even begin to even think of surviving the kind of G-Forces that might of been generated by that type of space travel. Well have a good one and happy investigating.
