{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465432","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3250,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/432/mufon-5465432.json","updb_database_id":5465432}
{jpg} We spotted 8 (6 west of us and 2 east of us) The orbs from a distance were orange colored but when filmed and zoomed in on we can see that they are made of 3 orbs each.

We first observed one of these orbs from our house on NW side of Kalamazoo. The orb appeared to us to be star-like and following a 'setting' movement slowly into the west. What struck us, however, was that this orb appeared to move slightly right and then left, up and down. Upon further examination after turning off all the lights in the house, we could see pin-pricks of bright white lights streaking to and from the orb and sometimes in arcs. We jumped into the van and drove west into Van Buren County and parked near the Kal-Haven trail in the Mentha area. There is a ridge that runs north-south about a mile west of where we were parked. We viewed these orbs rise above the tree line and hover what appeared to be about 100 feet above the trees that were on the ridge line. We watched as these orbs would move mainly from the south to the north. Then one came from the south, moved past the center orb and headed north over Timber Ridge. It moved in a sporadic manner. Fast then complete stop then move up/down or back and forth before moving on. The center orb then began to move toward us as we were video taping it. As the video clears at points you can make out that this one orb is actually made up of three bright orbs with a smaller red orb trailing behind. Small white flashes also blink out of it. It appeared as if the orb shape shifted into the shape of a human aircraft. Airplanes were flying in the vicinity. We could easily see that this entity was not a man-made aircraft. It was not like anything we had ever seen before. This orb flew over us I am guesstimating about 1000 feet. After it passed overhead I attempted to take some still shots with my van door open. There was no aircraft sound. The 3-orb entity, with it's red orb trailing, turned south and flew about a mile before abruptly turning east again. We drove in the same direction and saw it make another abrupt turn northeast and fly on very quickly. We lost track of it. This whole ordeal lasted nearly two hours!
