{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-21 23:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515432","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2567,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/432/mufon-5515432.json","updb_database_id":5515432}
{cak} Very Large ball of light in sky seen while driving Liggett Road

I was leaving work in Lees Summit and I turned off Woods Chapel Rd heading East onto Liggett Road towards Blue Springs. As I approached the area of the Dam by Blue Springs Lake I saw a huge round light in the sky directly to the south of me, I couldnt miss it. My first thought was Whoa! what the hell is that, I felt excited and nervous at the same time. I attempted to film it while driving but could not so I pulled over in the parking area by the dam. The more I saw it I started to feel more nervous and anxious as well as disbelief at what I was seeing. It was approximately 11:12 at night and I have driven past there at night before and there are not usually many cars around that time but when I pulled over there were 5-6 cars stopped already and 1 person was out of his car staring at the sky in the direction of the object. I grabbed my cellphone to video but when I looked up it was gone. I did not see it disappear. I had only looked down for a couple of seconds and it was just gone I did actually get it on video but the video is very shaky. The Object appeared stationary or hovering in the sky and was not moving. My video was shaky and makes the object appear as if it were. Right after the object dissapeared I saw an airplane in the sky east of the object and also got it on video for a few seconds. The airplane appeared small in comparison to the object. This did not look like anything I could name like a star or a plane or a tower light, this was brighter than anything else I have ever seen.  It looked like someone took a full moon shrunk it and made it 50 times brighter and just set it over the lake. Immediately after it was gone I attempted to call a friend and my cell service was very choppy and he could not hear me even though I could hear him perfectly. This is unusual for my phone. I would really like to know what this was and if any other people have reported it.
