{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-08 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514432","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2951,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/432/mufon-5514432.json","updb_database_id":5514432}
{dr}Elongated lighted object in night sky slowly coming towards my location then hovering . Close. very defined. very eluminated and detailed..

At around 9p.m. I was walking my dog when I observed in the distant western sky an elongated lit object slowly headed my way. I initially thought that it must be a large helicopter from the near by Navy base. As it got closer I was struck by the fact that there was no noise from the craft. I continued to watch as it got very close and was at about a 40 degree angle to me. It hovered completely still for maybe 30 seconds. I was amazed by how clearly I could see the object. It was saucer shaped and resembled two diner plates placed facing each other but not touching. There were red, blue , green and white lights blinking along the top and bottom edges. There was no dome feature visible. To me the most amazing detail was the mid-section of the craft. It was clearly divided into three sections that resembled large windows even though I could not see through them and they might have been just a lightly colored metal different from the top and bottom section of the craft. As I continued to watch it suddenly shot off rapidly and horizonally and was only partially visible behind the trees. At this point you could no longer make out any detail. I ran into the house and told my wife and 12 year old grand-son to come outside. Only my grand-son responded. By the time he came outside you could only see what looked like a very small portion of light through the trees. The really strange thing was that about 30 seconds after the craft was no longer visible the largest fireball meteor that I have ever seen shot across the sky and appeared to burn out while it was still high in the sky. My grand-son was very startled by the meteor. I am a U.F.O skeptic who grew up around the military and have seen every type of aircraft but I have never seen anything resembling this craft. It was the classic saucer. I am no longer a skeptic. Flying disks do exist. I don't know where they originate. Even though I know what I saw was unlike anything Ive seen in my almost 60 years of life, I still do believe that these craft are extra-terrestrial. I am shaken by what I saw and find myself unable to sleep just thinking over and over about the sighting and trying to remember any new detail that I might have over-looked.
