{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-31 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284432","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118987","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2692,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/432/mufon-5284432.json","updb_database_id":5284432}
I saw UFOs nearly above my house in salt lake.

This happened last night (10-31-2021) at 7:20pm, time of video is at 7:24 less than 1 mile from downtown Salt Lake City 

 I was in my backyard letting one of my dogs go to the bathroom and I had a sudden feeling a star to the west was feeling at me. I looked at it and could feel the connection for a moment, when out of nowhere five of these giant waves of ships (I believe) suddenly started glowing in the sky. 

I know for a fact it wasn’t geese, as five minutes before a flock flew by and were, as a matter of fact, not glowing orange-yellow. Plus, they were loud with their squawking. 

After taking in the sight for a moment, and truly feeling so much, I quickly ran inside to get my wife and our friends screaming;

“YOU GUYS HAVE TO COME QUICK, THERE’S A FLEET OF UFOS OUTSIDE!!

I then proceeded to break my coat rack as I ran back out the door to go see and show everyone. 

The giant wave that came by was first, probably spanning a mile wide. They seemed to be just above the clouds. Then the second and third came!

It was amazing. Truly, cool. It was at this time I realized I didn’t have my phone on me and had to run inside to grab it. 

By the time I got out to take the video, there was a little of the second to last (just above the clouds) and the last one coming in nice and slow. I also saw two of the ships break off and fly west, (or up?).

I have an impression of who they could be, and I’d love to hear your feedback!

My intuition told me that was Commander Ashtar’s fleet. I haven’t heard too much about them, but when I think on this I get chills. 

Sorry for the quality, the day before I dropped my phone on some gravel at work and cracked my lens cover so that’s why some parts are kinda blurry. 

The darkness in the middle of the video is light interference from the building right next to me, as seen just after. 

Thank you so much for your time!
