{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-10 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502432","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56569","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/432/mufon-5502432.json","updb_database_id":5502432}
{rjl} Many UFOs off coast of Camp Pendleton Base, CA. Diving into and ascending from the ocean. Some low, overhead.

I used to live on Camp Pendleton in San Onofre Housing #1. I want to say it was some time in mid to late 2011, me and three friends were on a side road to the 5-fwy called "trestle's trail" that leads to the beach, we were atop the cliff overlooking the shore and the ocean, around 8pm, in the ocean we saw a red light turn on and was just bobbing in the water, in some time two more red lights appeared bobbing in the water. we continued to watch for about 45mins as the lights would turn off, turn green, and multiply until their were about 13 lights bobbing in the water. we then decided to head home, me and one of my friends I was with lived in SanOnofre 1 so we walked together as the other two went towards Officer Housing in San Mateo (another gate of Camp Pendleton housing).About 30mins after we separated we were near home but decided to stop at a spot nicknamed "the view", next to San Onofre middle school, to get a look at the lights again. We watched them bob for another 20 minutes before about half of them ascended and zoomed in formation into space without making a sound, as 5-6 others came in to view from what i'd say to be a warp-speed capacity and gently stop for half a second and then dive into the water and all of the lights in the water at that time disappeared as if diving down with the newly arrived ones. So we stay there for another 20 minutes fixated on the ocean before noticing there's a sort of stereotypical looking saucer-and-dome with a white light circling the diameter of the saucer, it was as high as a helicopter might fly, it was making slow, wide orbits around us overhead. After some more time had passed we started walking from the dirt path we were on towards the houses we lived in up the hill and then we saw another fleet of the red/green light ships (they were all red at this time). They were moving fast, and low, id say only 50-60 feet in the air, and still not making a sound. The one in the lead of the formation did a loop while it passed us, quickly slowing speed and coming lower to us, about 30ft, then within 2 seconds of that, it matched the speed of the fleet and continued in the lead, they were being pursued by what we thought were highly sophisticate, small and quiet fighter jets but upon reflection they must have been drones. The fleet of ships went over the ocean where we had seen all the other activity, passing through a cloud, the drones were in quick pursuit but without any sort of sound or light being emitted they did not come out the other side of the cloud like the UFOs had, then half the fleet of ships dove into the ocean and the other half zoomed out of sight towards the stars. But i saw with good detail the ship that broke formation over us, their ships are incredible. They were of a smooth metal, like liquid mercury, and their shape was like a red blood cell, with the red half-sphere light atop in the middle. They were probably about 6ft wide and about 12ft long, it wasn't even higher than the telephone pole we were next to. So we returned to 'the view' and watched curiously for another 45 minutes, but nothing else happened so again we started walking home. At the same light pole we saw the blood-cell ship at we noticed the stereotypical dome ship was still observing us, following us overhead, so we stopped and i started waving my hands like you'd do in an S.O.S, and it started orbiting in a circle above us again and then descended to where he was probably only 10 feet higher than the telephone pole and hovered there for about a minute and then all of a sudden zoomed into space, just as fast and quiet as the rest...
