{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-06-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2419,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5502491.json","updb_database_id":5502491}
{rjl} Saw a UFO move toward me and above me

This is and old story and doesn't have relevance now but I thought you would be interested.

When I was in high school in Sacramento, CA, I used to climb on the roof of my house everynight for a period of about a month and watch the sky. I was interested in UFOs and had the idea that I could signal them. I had a strong lantern flashlight and I would shine it upward in the sky. I would sweep the sky and flash the light on and off for a period of two to four hours. 

One night I just noticed a white light in the sky. At first I thought it was an airplane but I didn't hear any noise. It slowly moved in my direction in a fluttery motion, in a a wavy path. The light got increasing brighter as it got closer. It stopped directly over me and was stationary for a few seconds or so then took off straight up like a light turning off. I thought I heard a click sound when it did that. I guess it leveled off because I saw it as a pinpoint of light (like a star) for a few seconds moving around before it disappeared. I can't estimate the size but from my vantage point, it was the size of a penny held at arms length. It was circular with fuzzy edges. 

I was grounded for a month so watching the sky at night was something to pass the time. From watching the sky everynight, I was able to tell which lights in the sky were satellites and which were aircraft. This was definitely neither. I had a camera but I was afraid if I took my eyes off the object to reach for the camera, that it would gone. My feelings during the experience were concerned and scared, then wonder. The experience was very surreal and it seemed like time slowed down. I lived at the time in neighborhood near the Sacramento Zoo. I never went up on the roof after this. I did not report this at the time.
