{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-02 14:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110831","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3148,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5292491.json","updb_database_id":5292491}
Daytime shiny/reflective/flashing oblong UFO at exactly the moment of the SpaceX Crew Dragon water landing

In the 30-seconds to one-minute before the SpaceX Crew Dragon water landing on the afternoon of Sunday August 2nd (2:48pm EDT) to approximately 1-2 minutes after the water landing, I witnessed an abnormal object relatively slowly fly by out of my 2nd floor living room windows. It appeared to be oblong (could have been a cigar, disk, etc. -- difficult to tell) and highly reflective. The word that most comes to mind is "shiny." So "shiny" that it appeared to be reflecting light very strongly from its surface -- but it was unclear if this light was actually being reflected, or generated by the object. It was flying N/NE, and would have been over an area between Greenmount Ave to the West maybe up to Lake Montebello to the East (I think probably midway between, say Loch Raven Blvd.) My windows face East over this part of the city, and I have a wide open view of the sky.

I see many aircraft overhead every day, between police helicopters, MEDevac helicopters, and lots of airplane traffic. This did not resemble that stuff at all, and I have lived here for 13 years. The fact that this occurred at the exact moment I was watching and listening to the SpaceX landing on TV, and watching this weird "capsule" floating by shining and flashing, was extremely discombobulating, for lack of a better word. It was an extreme form of synchronicity. The object flow out of distance heading toward the Towson/Parkville direction, and kept twinkling and flashing even when the object itself was barely a speck in the distance. It did not seem sunny enough for it to be reflecting sunlight from that far a distance, which is why I'm unsure of the flashing lights were reflected or were being emanated by the object. 

I have looked at the airspace over this part of Baltimore at this exact moment in time on Flightradar24.com, and it is totally empty. No helicopter or airplane traffic at all, and certainly nothing near this area, heading in that direction -- not even close. I see that someone reported a sighting in Michigan at exactly the same moment in time, although I don't think their description lines up with mine, and obviously it wasn't the same particular object.

(NOTE: SpaceX's Crew Dragon spacecraft splashed down in the Gulf of Mexico near Pensacola, Florida on Sunday afternoon, SpaceX's Dragon spacecraft floated down under a quartet of parachutes and splashed down traveling 15 miles per hour at 2:48 p.m. Eastern time,)
