{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-03-02 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5157,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5528491.json","updb_database_id":5528491}
3 Ufo's in the sky with a unknown animal on the road and a mysterious car

I posted in depth details of this encounter a few weeks ago here. I wintnessed this back on March 2, 2007 near Boutte, Louisiana on highway 90. I can assure you that this encounter was not something from earth! I investigated this very carefully and the investigation included all police departments in and around the area of occurrence. I even spoke with a St. Charles parish police officer that was on patrol the night of the event. The officer I spoke with patrolled the area where the event occurred at the exact time the event occurred. He stated he did not see anything and there was no animal reported being hit anywhere around the area I witnessed the event. I believe he is being honest about his testimony. in fact as I was witnessing this event cars were passing by fast as if they did NOT see anything on the road. I was able to capture 2 pictures that night. If I would have known the significance of this event I would have taken more digital images and also I would have tried to make contact with the people involved at the scene of the accident. 

As reported earlier I know exactly what road I was on and the exact area within a mile of where the event occurred. This road was the only one available going to and from my destination from Houma to Kenner, Louisiana. 

I am adding the link to my original report below if you want to read all of the details. Some people that do not have knowledge of animals will look at it and say it is a cow, etc. But it is actually made up of many different types of animals combined! I have had zoologists and cryptozoologists look at it and they cannot determine exactly what type of animal it is. When I witnessed it in person it looked very much like a golden animal (camel). I also witnessed 2 people at the scene of the accident. I thought they would show up in the picture of the car but they did not. Maybe they were to far behind the car to show up? The car appears very ghostly as if the back of it fades and there is a image of an alien on the side of the car. The animal appears swollen for some reason and there is a circular pattern on the road next to it. This leads me to believe that something landed on the road by the animal. I have looked this images over many times and I have found unusual things about them. Of course the most bizarre is the evil face that appears on the head of the animal when you zoom in on it! See my other post for that picture. 

The place that this event took place is about 15 minutes from my house and sometimes I drive back to this area and usually something strange occurs when I do. I am going to drive back out there tonight and I hope I see something that can help to explain what I witnessed back in 2007. ALL of the evidence from the accident including the car, animal, blood, glass, etc was GONE hours later when I drove back to the scene of occurrence! Whatever this event was it was not from earth! There are also unusual images that are embeded into the two pictures I captured that night. Some appear to be human faces and possibly words. The words are very difficult to make out. A small object that is white with a red tip appears on the road by the animal. I am not sure what it is? The image of the alien on the side of the car appears to be holding something that looks like a phone. 

My reason for this post is to include two more images. These images are of the Ufo's that appear in the sky above this occurrence. You can see different colors around the ufo's that would represent great energy and power coming form the objects! 

I know that the images I captured are something that is very unusual and not of things that normally occur here on earth! I saved the images on the original memory card to preserve the evidence. These images have not been edited or manipulated. The only thing done was the images were they were lightened so you can see them better. These pictures are of something very unusual and I wish that everyone knew the truth about them. I am in hopes that one day someone with photography and paranormal (ufo)investigative knowledge can help me to solve this mystery. *(Wit's first name (Charles) deleted -- CMS/sg).
