{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-08-01 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62903","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5285,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5496491.json","updb_database_id":5496491}
{cak} Summer's eve view of UFO by neighborhood.

This sighting occurred when I was a child about the age of ten; thus, the approximate year being 1971. It was a clear, warm summer evening and many of us kids on Phillips Drive--located on the west side of Indianapolis--were outside playing. We lived very close to what was then called Weir Cook Airport (now Indianapolis International), so it was common to hear jet plans rattle the windows of our houses every 5-10 minutes as they approached the landing strip. This was a rare evening when no jets came in to land for a period of 15-20 minutes.

At some point, as I was playing in the front yard, I noticed something shiny high in the sky, directly overhead. The sun was starting to set, and was reflecting off whatever the object was. More and more children began to notice it, and some of their parents (including my dad) came outside to see the object.

The object began to look larger and larger, and we noticed it was because it was descending. After about five minutes, it had descended to a spot that seemed close overhead (I would compare it to the size of a quarter or half-dollar coin if I were to hold it skyward, arm extended). At this point, it simply stopped, apparently hovering--although there was no sound coming from the object. 

By this time, probably 20 neighbors had gathered in their yards, looking upward at the object. I don't know if anyone took a picture (I don't think we even owned a camera at the time). It was very easy for me to see, as it was directly overhead. It was a silver saucer with rounded edges; it appeared to be solid and smooth with no markings.

After hovering there for several minutes, I clearly saw a line of black dots (almost like data, although I wouldn't have called it data at the time) release from one side of the object. I counted six of these black dots, in a perfect line, each one exactly the same distance from the next. 

The dots were not big, and I am sure most of the people watching did not even see them, as they were discharged quickly and seemingly in precise order. Almost instantly, they were no longer visible, at least to me.

After the dots were discharged or released from the object, it then began a slow ascent, eventually ascending high enough that it was no longer visible to the naked eye. 

It appeared to me that the object has ascended and descended at the same speed...very slowly, very deliberately. And I am guessing that it "hovered" stationary for about five minutes. At some point I recall my dad looking at the saucer through binoculars; I also recall being very excited, and running down to my friend's house (two doors down) shouting "it's a saucer!"

After the event, I recall my dad calling Weir Cook Airport (now Indianapolis International), asking if anyone knew what the object was. The report was "it must have been a weather balloon." But in the years that have followed, I have seen multiple pictures of weather balloons...and THIS WAS NO WEATHER BALLOON. 

My memory in the hours/days that followed is vague. I seem to recall watching the TV news (perhaps the next day), but don't believe there was anything reported about it. I do remember that Mike Ahern was the broadcast journalist of the channel we watched (we only had four channels back in those days!). I don't remember anyone talking about it, either, perhaps because (being children), we were too busy playing.

I wish I'd asked my dad about this when I was older, but he died when I was barely 19...now I am 53. My mom has no recollection of it; however, I don't recall her coming outside (she was probably cleaning up from supper). Dad and I were the only ones outside from my family; I believe my two older sisters were at marching band practice.

I don't know why I am just now telling this story. It's just something I felt I should tell someone, because it was a very real event, the likes of which I have not since experienced. I did find one of my childhood friends on Facebook, but she did not recall the event (perhaps she was not home at the time). I know of a couple more of the old neighbor kids that I can contact on Facebook, and will ask them if they remember it. 

I do recall with great specificity the street, the address, how the grass felt beneath my bare feet, and the unique mixture of cool warmth on my skin that summer evening. And I...wonder if anyone else has reported a similar story to you...any one of the people who stood outside and watched this rare event that night on Phillips Drive. 

Thanks for the opportunity to share. Note: I do not know if we were on Central or Eastern time in Indianapolis back in those days.
