{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29193","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6724,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5526491.json","updb_database_id":5526491}
UFOs nightly & possible abductions

I just wanted to check in and say that the sightings haven't stopped. Every night. We've got fake stars, fake planes, and sometimes what appears to be fake planets in the night sky. These crafts are crafty. They can mimic ANYTHING they want. But there are ways to distiguish a faker from the actual thing. Take the fake planes for example - they appear in multiples, their lights are usually out of the correct arrangement and are flashing erradically, they usually don't project any sound, and they can do extraordinary things. If you go onto websites such as helloflight.com, you can check some of the commercial airflights in the area. I try to do this before I go out so I can try to have somewhat of an idea of how many planes are in my area. Usually, there are less than a handful at any given time. When the investigators came over to investigate, I stood there and counted a dozen of these fakers in the sky along with a cigar-shaped bright glowing one stationed above the horizon in the distance. The investigators dismissed these craft as merely airplanes, which disappointed me. And they kept ignoring me completely when I tried to point things out to them! We don't live near any major airports. The nearest airport was a private one & during the time of the investigation (which I think was in November or December), there isn't half as much activity because there is no need for farmers to be flying their crop dusters. I'll be honest, I felt mocked the entire time the investigators came out for the field investigation. All other times were fine - such as the interview and the phone calls, they were really nice. So it really came as a shock to me. The two other witnesses were offended by the behavior as well. Especially when one of them ripped the binoculars out of my Mom's hand when she tried to point out something strange in the sky.

I don't know if they were intentionally behaving this way or what the deal was, but that's why I haven't reported since.

I was told that there was going to be video equipment set up, including nightvision, et cetera. All they brought was a flashlight, binoculars, and a star tracking device that they just couldn't 'figure out'.

What I've noticed, in abundance lately, are the amber/fireball-like orbs. They like to appear in the same areas nightly, for whatever reason, and if you get close enough to them, you can watch them transform from a stationary red-orange orb and change into either a fake airplane or some other strange aircraft. Once they notice that you notice, they will follow you. I believe that these orbs are doing something to the planet & I would like to believe that it is for the benifit of the planet. In all my adventures, I have received no harm from whatever occupies these crafts.

Strange markings have showed up on my spine since January. They look like the typical scoop marks that you see in other cases. One of them is still very red, though it's been there for months now. It looks like some sort of punch biopsy, to be honest. I have pictures. I will send them upon request. I also have lots and lots and lots of video footage, and have created a channel on youtube to share what I've seen. That, too, will be available upon request. Additionally, I've also had strange languages spoken to me in my dreams. A particular phrase in general. It's been burned into my brain. I don't know what language it is, and I don't know what it means. But the moment I heard it, I was awakened, and I knew I had to record it. This recording is also on my youtube channel. The language sounds ancient or native. Some have said that they thought it was either Hopi or Mayan. Which makes it even stranger. The phrase sounds like this: Oot sah uwah, uwah a ki. Short, but very specific-sounding. I think it's important.

Memories from my childhood (and my sister's as well) have been surfacing & I don't know when I even realize that it's a memory because it's very foggy and very confusing (almost like a dream). I believe I was abducted at the age of 12 (along with my little sister and about a dozen other people) while out at Summit Lake. We were all getting ready for bed in our tents when someone told us to come outside and look at these strange lights hovering over the lake. They were the same cigar-shaped objects that appeared when the investigators were out here for a field session. But there were 6 or 7 of them. I remember them approaching us and I remember a flash of bright white light as we all stood there in awe. And that's where it ends. I don't recall ever going to bed that night. When I 'woke up' in the morning I felt very groggy. Almost as if I had a hangover (but I was 12 and hadn't had a drink in my life at that point). I remember wondering what happened to the strange lights in the sky the night before and I remember wondering why no one else was bringing it up. I didn't remember that I didn't remember going to bed. Which is the weirdest part of the entire thing. As soon as I entertained those thoughts, they vanished from my mind. And I never thought about it again until a few months ago when vague impressions of this memory started to trickle in.

I'm not sure if these memories or real or if the information is correct. I'm not sure of much anymore. 

And this is all just the tip of the iceberg. I could go on and on about this. About my experiences. To be truthful, I could write a book! I sometimes wonder if that's what this is all about. Is that my purpose in all of this? I can't help but feel I have some sort of purpose, some sort of task that I'm supposed to do.

I mean no offense to the investigators that were on my case earlier, but I would prefer to be contacted (through email - heathermsilvey@gmail.com) by someone different. In order to realize what's going on here, you need to open your mind. These things are MASTERS of disguise. We've been invaded - whether that's hostile or not remains to be seen. 

I worry and wonder about the government's involvement. It makes me hesitant to even share this information. But I can't live in fear and I won't.
