{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-04-07 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59648","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5499491.json","updb_database_id":5499491}
{nd} UFO had 3 triangular lights under object, moving slower sw direction. At my distance noted the lights where larger than a basketball. A single small cloud was in the path of UFO in which the UFO travelled and did not exit cloud !

Had just arrived at our lake house on the Kississimmee chain in central fl. close to 5pm from my yard I saw 3 bright lights that appeared to be directed downward ( not in my eyes) and made no sound what so ever. I called to my wife who ran out and saw these 3 lights move slowly into a small cloud, and it never came out from the cloud. I estimated at that time at the rate it went into the cloud (I actually counted) from 10-15 seconds that object should of come out from behind this small cloud. The UFO had 3 lights that were in a triangular fashion under it and was not really able to see an object. Being in law enforcement at the time my first thought was a helicopter, but made No Sounds. The lights where extremely light and pointed straight downward and they were in a triangular shape. I saw no flare from the light source. 

The entire episode was maybe 2 mins at the maximum. After the lights entered the small cloud, I stood that kept watch for at least 5 minutes or more. 
I made a phone call to my nephew who was in NC, or N. Ga. the next day to tell him and he advised me he had seen an exact description about that same time the day before. It was some period of time ( days) that I also heard and saw a report on tv of it being seen from as far south as Naples, Fl.

I know many years have gone by, but decided to report it after speaking with a MUFON member recently. BTW, I have almost seen exact footage of what I reported on TV and a family who had filmed if not the exact at least a very close similarity and close to a body of water . Sorry for the decades of delay for filing such a report. 

Thank you,
