{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2371,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5525491.json","updb_database_id":5525491}
Walter came out of his garage and saw lights in the sky

This detailed description is being generated by John Royer for Walter Lilly who has no computer.

Walter is seventy years old and sounds credible. His nickname is Buddy. he came out of his garage which faces East and immediately saw a formation of 5 or 7 lights that were off-white to light yellow in color. He said this was in early fall because the leaves were off the trees so I assumed the month was October. He was startled and amazed. He said it seemed like he was looking at a formation of aircraft or something really strange. He said if you take your hand and look at it edgewise and tilt it just a little bit you will get the impression that he got. He said he first saw them at about 301 of altitude. I asked him if his head was tilted up a little bit like maybe 301 and he said that that sounds good. He said the lights were proceeding West. He said they were going rapidly. He went through his garage to look through the West window and the lights were gone. He stated that he was carrying some firewood when he saw the lights. He also stated that he has a friend who was driving somewhere and saw an orange ball of light descend into the woods. He said his friend noticed that other cars were pulled over and the occupants were looking at the orange light. I asked Walter to see if his friend would also make a report. Walter seemed very nervous when he talked and mentioned that his wife was concerned about getting phone calls from screwballs. I assured him that his information would be accessible only to us and not to the general public. He had a very likable affect, a little bit Dutchy. Since I took this report, I recommend getting someone else to make the official telephone call.

Report ends.
