{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-29 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77469","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5482491.json","updb_database_id":5482491}
{nd} Huge Round Circle of White Light at least 2-Football fields across!

I was out at the outdoor gun range which I was a member of one night. It was around
10:30 pm. The weather was rainy; the cloud cover went from Horizon to Horizon. I was
Able to see the type of cloud cover from the UFO appearing out of no ware under the cloud.
No sound, just a huge white circle of light at least two football fields across.
It was so bright looked Like a giant light bulb. The light It gave off was enough for me 
to see that the cloud cover looked like a black quilted blanket. This month was the first
time ever it rained every day in Dallas and Fort Worth, this was history making.

I stood there looking at it thinking I am getting ready to see what no one else has
Ever seen. It was going to come by me very close. I was going to be able to see the
Front and back. I was able to see it for around 5seconds then the light it went off,
Just like turning off a light bulb with a switch. I was so aggrieved, I then turned and
went back towards my camera as I was walking I looked down and saw a light on the
ground in front of me. Holey! I Realized They Saw Me. I left my head light on which
was on top of my cap. I was even then more aggrieved at myself. I myself away!

Once I got to my camera I then said1Listen To This: Ok You Owe me for what you
Did two nights ago. I know you brought in the clouds so I could not see the moon. I know
You did it. So how about it let me see the moon? What would it hurt? You owe me.
You know and I know nobody will believe me You know it. So how about it?
The next thing the cloud cover started opening up in a circle pattern direction.
I then said OKOK I need four minutes no give me five minutes ok? I then took my camera
and started looking at the moon. I taped the moon, when I was done I said OK I am
done.

Then I then turned walked toward my van sliding door was open, sat down next thing
I stood up yield out and said OK how about it again? I looked at my watch it now
Was right at 4 o1clock, I realized it was time for me to go. To miss the traffic.
I know some time was lost, I know it. Something happened to me.
I am a very Polite person. Why didn1t I say something or ask a question? I just saw the cloud cover
Open up. I saw nothing up near the cloud, nothing. But something was making it happen.
It was invisible, something was there, made it happen. 

So what kind of contact was this? I wish I could be hypnotized. I think about this so often.
I can see the huge ball of light when I close my eyes and wide open. I know I am very
Lucky to have been able to see that UFO very lucky.
