{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-09-19 02:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92080","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2600,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5468491.json","updb_database_id":5468491}
Saw it very high in the sky blinking colours. It was darting around very fast (blink of an eye). Pulled the car to the side of the road to watch it. It quickly disappeared only to slowly emerge up from the trees about 20-30 ft from us.

I should have reported this when it happened but I was nervous and didn't know how to do so. It was fall of 2007. My friend and I were driving back from Smith Falls, ON at night. We were the only ones on the road (HWY 15) at this time. The event occurred around 2:00AM. At first we saw a blinking light very high in the sky. It was slowly blinking beautiful shades of peach, pink, blue..etc. It kept darting around the sky very quickly. It would be in one part of the sky one second and then appear in much further part the next. I told my friend to pull over. The moment we pulled over to the side of the road it disappeared. I will never forget what happened next, it still gives me chills. We sat in the car for a moment wondering where it went. About 20-30 feet from us was a dense row of trees. We then watched as the craft slowly emerged up from the trees and just hovered there looking at us. I saw every detail. It's hard to explain the shape. It wasn't very big, about the size of an RV trailer. The shape was slightly rounded like a football however on the right and left sides were curved and had 3 fuel-like burning circles. The total amount of these circles was 6 (3 on each side). There were no flames but more like a orangey/ red aura burning in each circle. I assume these were the engines. It felt like a long moment but I can assure you it couldn't have been anymore then a few seconds. My friend was so terrified that she put the car in drive and sped off. Looking back on the experience there was something almost innocent about it. We were sitting there watching it and it was sitting there watching us. We were both so curious about each other. From way up in the sky (as high as a plane would be) this thing saw us pull over and came down immediately.
