{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-30 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284491","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4036,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/491/mufon-5284491.json","updb_database_id":5284491}
The moon coming down too Earth

Please forgive me for taking so long to tell my story.It was a friday October 30 2015 .my boss an i are janitors we clean the Massachsetts National Cemetery. Three times a week .I my self have been with eric for 2 years up to the day of encounter . W e arrive and proceed to administration 58002.To clean 1st eric would do amd.I would go do the outside restrooms. ok i finished cleaning stocking filling TP ETC.Mop floor collect trash and bring to car to place in trunk to bring to dumpster.As i was coming out of restrooms i just happen to look up in southern sky low on horizon was a crescent moon ok no big deal right..Again place trash on ground look up sky is clear right above POW/MIA Monument clear end of day light fading turn lean on car look at bulidind.eric is in sup .office lite my cig.take a dragon it turn around and there it was in SKY right above flag pole.Desending was the full moon only why to descibe what i was seeing pale white with a yellow aura that was moving around the sphere .as it was coming down.It cast no glow on the trees that were right below the sphere. this yellow light that was moving around sphere cast a ray upon me didn't see it till i looked down to see why i had a warm water feeling starting from my waist down .I had my iphone in my left hand an not once did i try to use it..Lots of people try to make contact.Many go in search of contact.Many say they are know what to do when it happens. This is mine as the sphere or like a little Moon but with that yellow stuff around it as it  was desending .you just start to stare at it an saying this its real your dreaming.But i wasn't as it came to a stop right above flag pole .a little time passed as i was stare at it it started to move just inner pale body of sphere /or Giant orb/or little moon......It was moving like smoke under water it started to swirl. As this is happening i like woke up out dream mode i was in i guess an said get out to myself.i just backed up the hole way to restrooms in back of Admin.Closed the door an just started Zonning.After a few ......................................I finished my job went back inside Admin.An i didn't tell Eric i didn'twhat to tell Eric i just whated to disbelieve What just happen outside Admin.i didn't look out window finished helping Eric do the rest of job.Now we are leaving walking to car and in sky right at tree level on the other side of trees that separate flag flag pole was another sphere. This one was clear but still had that aura around it but this time it i was dark Blue still moving around sphere .Eric was in front of me walking to car an he didnt see it .An i could not bring myself to say to him look up For i just whated to leave.SO as we walking i was looking at it like i said it was clear what was behind it was on front of body of object. so i said to myself Hey i can see you you know that. An it responds my Vibrating to me.If you did not see sphere before in sky the last rays of light were gone YOU WOULD NOT SEE IT. As we got in car an drove away it it stayed..     finished by job with Eric went home .What i have said in this report Happen i work here on blessed land that has AMERICIA heroes are buried here .Any test you got i will take . Still clean cemetery with Eric 2 a week . it was time to tell..
