{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-11 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3023,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5490344.json","updb_database_id":5490344}
{cak} Fast object traveling North, solid yet translucent appearance, no sound and 1 blink of light.

I was outside of my apartment just before 9 am attempting to spot any of the Persieds meteors. I wasn't expecting to see much and was holding my son rocking him to sleep. My son fell asleep in my arms after several minutes and I had not seen anything yet. I decided to wait a few more minutes in a ditch effort to hopefully see at least one meteor before the night was over, as I had seen one roughly 3 nights before.

As I was looking up in the sky in the North, Northeast direction, and I suddenly noticed something moving that was very vague in appearance. It was almost directly overhead slightly towards the East when I spotted it. I blinked a few times and thought it was just the floaters in the eye(myodesopsia). After blinking a few times, I realized this object was actually solid, but very dark and almost transparent in appearance, with no discernible shape. It was only slightly lighter in color than the night sky, and seemed to be moving very fast. I couldn't tell if it was a bird flying relatively low, or an airplane at a very high altitude. A few things caught me off guard and led me to dismiss both possibilities. If it were a bird that was hard to see, it was moving too fast and seemed to travel miles within a matter of seconds. If it were an airplane, there would have been blinking lights and some noise. Neither of these characteristics applied to this object.

I observed the object travel North, Northeast towards Corpus Christi, TX for approximately 30 seconds. It traveled in this consistent trajectory at a high rate of speed. Just as the object began to travel out of sight, I paced quickly towards the side of my apartment, with my son still in my arms, and attempted to track the object. The object suddenly blinked with a bright yellow-orange light, similar to a stars shine. The object then disappeared and I last saw it in the far northeast, about 20-30 degrees above the horizon.

I haven't seen any object like this before and was truly baffled as to what I had observed. I knew that I couldn't immediately explain it away as being birds, an airplane or the meteors I sought to actually see. I was even more confused by the last moments of this sighting, as it blinked brightly once. I felt as if it knew I was watching in amazement and confusion and "winked" at me just before it disappeared.
