{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-05 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4308,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5501344.json","updb_database_id":5501344}
{cak} VERY bright and BIG orange moving object. Changed direction. Turned DEEP red twice(much less vibrant) then seemed to shrink and disappear.

After a night of celebrating the 4th of July a group of us (5) were standing in the kitchen. Two people went to leave the house. My cousin, first out the door said "Look at that!"
4 of us ran out and stood on the back patio and stared in disbelief at an incredibly bright deep orange object slowly moving about the sky. 

What made this sighting so extreme enough for me to submit this report is that it was sooo obviously not a satellite. So obviously not a plane, helicopter, or firework. This thing had to have been HUGE as it was too far out to be a plane. It was not out of the atmosphere; not far enough out to be a vibrant satellite by any means. 

As we stood and watched as it hovered, I thought to myself "It probably knows we see it and will disappear."

Within seconds, it moved due east a little bit. Stopped. Slowly moved southeast, then directly east. At this point is when the big orange globe went away and turned into a much smaller, much less vibrant deep deep red. As if a single light was on in the middle or something.
The red gave way to the huge orange globe again, and then 2 seconds later the red reappeared, and then nothing. It was gone.

All in a matter of 4 seconds, It turned red (the second time), it disappeared, I blinked and then I absolutely immediately realized I had an incredibly painful migraine. I felt dizzy and had some difficulty walking. It was at this time I told my friend I was sorry but had to go to bed. Which I did.

There are a total of 4 witnesses. My best friend, my cousin and my uncle. It was the first ever UFO sighting for my uncle (a blue collar Montana man) as well as my cousin (17). My friend and I have been seeing A LOT of strange activity in the skies over my back yard over the last couple of months. 
This is was the most intense and extreme sighting either of us have ever had. Which is why I immediately started filling out this report form as I went to go to bed after the sighting. Although, the migraine had grown so rapidly with such intensity I was asleep before I finished typing out my name.
 
The migraine may, or may not be related. The timing, however, is suspicious.

5 hours prior to the sighting, a small plane had gone back and forth across the sky.. may or may not be related. Honestly, most likely a private plane trekking the skies to view the fireworks from above. 

Also, a satellite did pass over the exact area this thing appeared approximately a half hour before the sighting. The satellite was moving due north.

Last thing: What is most strange about the whole event is that we live less than 10 miles from the airport and are right alongside and directly under flight paths. There is a hospital less than a mile away with a very busy life flight. For 5 hours leading up to the sighting, except for the aforementioned small plane, and one commercial jet - absolutely zero planes passed overhead or near by. A commercial flight, most likely an Allegient flight came overhead right around 9:30pm.

That was the last plane I heard or saw until the following day. Normally a plane comes over the house, or over Mount Sentinel (due east) every half hour or so since there are direct flights to and from Las Vegas from the Missoula airport. This lack of planes may have had to do with it being the 4th of July? Fireworks and such.. I don't know. Just trying to entertain all possibilities here.

Best,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
