{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-06 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38932","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5518344.json","updb_database_id":5518344}
It looked like kites with red and blue lights about a mile away.

About 9:30 pm on June 6 I saw 2 objects in the sky. I guess they were about a mile away, although a frame of reference is difficult to guage. They were blue and red lighted objects. That is, I saw both blue and red linear/tubular type lights possibly framing the objects. Its not that the objects flashed an obvious red to blue, or converse, maybe the object rotated so I could see different colors? I was on the west side of Olathe Lake in Kansas looking east. My best guess is the objects were over oregon Trail Junior High School. The 2 objects appeared to hover and then drop close to the ground and then go up and down somewhat in a circular manner. The motion was very random and independent from the other. I really didn't pay that much attention to the event because I don't believe in extra terrestrials or the like. I was fishing at the time. I spoke to another man who stated he had seen the same lights, at least twice before in recent days. He wasnt overly concerned either. 

Here is what I think it is: LIGHTED KITES?  Maybe R.C. HELICOPTERS? As I mentioned before, I don't believe in aliens, or at least the laws of physics and space travel limit my belief in E.T. chillin over Lake Olathe! Therefore, these 2 objects must be explainable. I know I saw 2 lighted, colored objects moving up, down, and around in the sky. The moved in a way that no aircraft could possibly move. I do believe the motions, pathe, and timing could have been precision kites. I have seen kites at festivals that could have moved this way. I don't know what they were, but I sure would like to! Hence the reason i am reporting this incident. I have never seen something like this before. I am not a blogger, or poster for that matter. I welcome your explanations to what i saw.  PLEASE, if you are a crazed lunatic, DONT try to contact me with your insane theories!!!! :)
