{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-06-13 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120095","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5283344.json","updb_database_id":5283344}
Bright lights at a distance that approached and changed direction overhead.

My wife and I were visiting friends house after dinner together. The male friend and I were in the backyard talking while his daughter was swinging. Off to the Southwest we observed an extremely bright light at about 10*15 degrees in elevation in the distance over an area with very little development at the time. This light stayed bright and stationary for approximately 10 minutes while we talked. It was so intense I commented to its brightness to my friend, and he confirmed this. While we watched the light began to move in a straight line towards us as if it knew we were watching. As it approached the light intensity seemed to grow brighter. We sent the daughter inside and continued to watch the light approached. As it got closer, we could distinguish that the single light was actually two lights underslung under the body in an aerodynamic looking configuration. The craft shape now was visible somewhat around the light but generally black. The craft flew directly over my friend and I and began to turn to the NW at a very low altitude. The night was very clear, and the stars were plainly visible. We made a point to note the blacked out starfield as it went over head and observed it was basically circular. Based on its apparent height and blacked out area as well as the house immediately behind it the object seemed to be about 30 ft across  It was low enough to hear a "Whooshing" sound. We did not feel any effect from down draft as it came over head, pivoted and began to move off. We both went inside and told our wives what we saw. Years late after jobs changing and loosing contact with each other we attended the same trade show and had lunch. During lunch I had brought the topic up and he said he didn't remember the event. I was shocked at the time. I later decided based on his background and the relative views of people at the time, he either did not want to "remember" it or it was cognitive dissonance.
