{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-25 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42819","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2195,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5515344.json","updb_database_id":5515344}
Oval object with two trails of stationary smoke, hovered

I pulled out of my parking lot driving north to get something to eat about 6:45 when I saw something in the sky to the west of me. I watched it while I was driving but trees kept getting in the way so I pulled over into a lot and watched the object. My first thought was that it was a plane crashing. It had a oval like silver body with what looked like two white trail clouds coming out of it which with the body formed a triangle. Because of the trails I thought then it might be a meteor. I watched the object for a period of 4-5 minutes when it dawned on me that the object wasnt moving at all. It had the appearance of a falling object but it never moved. I started fumbling in my purse for my phone to call my husband and get his advice on what it was but I couldnt find it. I looked away for about 2 seconds to check the pocket only to find the phone wasnt there. I looked back up in the sky and the object had dissapeared and a jet was in the sky headed to where the object was. The object left no trail, or visible marks in the sky, it just dissapeared. Dissapointed, I continued to drive north and pulled into a parking lot hoping maybe I could see it from a different angle. I still couldnt see it but noticed a black unmarked SUV with tinted windows and a plain white license plate (not marked with a state) that just BOX CAR on it. I could just see a man inside looking to the west so I started slowly driving towards him so I could ask if he had seen what I had seen. He looked into his rear view mirror and sped off when he saw me coming.
