{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-17 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53518","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3274,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5505344.json","updb_database_id":5505344}
Observed object move from south to west with a slight upwards direction

On the 16th January 2014 at 8:40 aprox i was on my balcony (We live 97mtres above sea level with nothing blocking our view ) looking for a decent constellation to view through my telescope . It has been patchy cloudy no rain so I have been using binoculars instead as it was patchy but clear parts as well. I was looking towards the area known as " Chamaeleon Constellation" ( not with binoculars at the time). Just to the right and down a bit I noticed a very distinct FLASH of light, no cloud at that time and it wasnt stormy so it wasnt lightning either, it was unusual because it was very high in the sky. To me it seemed outside our atmosphere i cant give a distance, suffice to say it was well above commercial traffic. ( We do have planes in the area sometimes as many as 7 at one time ). I mean really high and very far. It wasnt a trick of light, I had not been drinking or taking drugs, nor was it a shooting star, meteorite, satelite or other normal event. It was one flash only. I instantly thought wow that is very strange and very big To my eyes it was bigger than a pin head but at a great distance and i was was very excited because i know i witnessed something out of the ordinary. I stayed outside for quite a while using my eyes and the binoculars but it did not occur again. On the 17th of January (tonight) at 8:30pm I started looking to the same spot in the event that it came again. After a bit of time i changed direction and was looking south at 40 degrees. I was watching a few planes and i noticed an object higher than commercial traffic but inside our atmosphere ( I think, I cant be sure it was not as high as the previous night but still higher than usual) the object moved from left to right not towards Brisbane airport direction but rather an arc style away from myself and the airport. It started at around 40 degrees and the last sighting was at about 50 degrees It lasted for about 7 seconds and there was no tail or bits breaking off. I wanted to grab my binoculars but i knew it would be gone. I watched and lost it above, not behind the cloud cover. I followed the trajectory but it didnt appear again. Last night I was excited, tonight I was somewhat disturbed by the sighting I am not crazy but my thought was "That shouldnt be there" There was no blinking lights and it was not as fast as meteorites rather a continuous flight of light. I know the difference between planes and satelites and helicopters. This was not any of those. I was searching the internet in case someone else saw the 16th January event and I came across this site. Im hoping someone else saw something.
