{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31519","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11219,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5524344.json","updb_database_id":5524344}
Continuation of that what has started a year ago and about what I have already wrote to you. The higher intelligence is here. I know what I see 1 I am not crazy.

Hi again 

There are some more tings that have happened to me since I wrote to you for the last time. I promised to you new photos and I have some. But, I do not think that they will be what you have expected. I am anyway planning to go with my camera to one place in the next few days and try to get some more. To try. 

In the evening of the same day that I sent you that letter I went to sit in a park. Above me and among branches there was a nice patch of sky. It is evening, it is still completely bright. There is a star switching on and off just in front of me. It is blinking, but blinking unbelievably bright. It is blinking like it is trying to tell me something in some code. I look and laugh. 

It is late in the evening and I am sitting alone on the terrace of my building 1 drinking beer and thinking. I am watching sky. It is a bit cloudy. Very bright yellow-green star starts to move very fast over the sky. Its color is phenomenal. It is not high above me. I do my signal with hands to it 1 the one I always do. It stops above me and starts again speeding away. 

There is a yellow star going around. My parents saw it a couple of nights ago. I called them via mobile to see. I told them about this all. 

A couple of days ago I am again sitting on the terrace. It is afternoon. I have a very large piece of sky in front of me. I can see airplanes flying over the sky. You can see its wings and vapor trails. Something flies that looks like a translucent donut. It has no vapor trail. I am thinking it is just a plane. But it really looks like a donut. I turn around and take my beer. It is gone. I am searching the sky with my eyes. I cannot find it. Every single plane that I see is completely visible all the way flying from one part of the sky to another. 

There are military helicopters constantly flying in the night. Foreign ones. You can see that it is a helicopter because of its red and a strobe light. You can hear its sound. Chopper is flying over the hill. It is night and I am watching it. All of a sudden behind it there is a strobe. Just switched on and off a couple of times. I started laughing. I am mesmerized. 

I am a dissident here. I can not go out as I like. They are threatening to me. This is the reason I sometimes sit alone on the terrace of my building and drink a beer. I enjoy peace and quiet. Nobody is harassing me. I sit and think. This is going to be important for the rest of this story. Just to say that nobody ever comes on this terrace. It is always locked and maybe only 4-5 neighbors have keys. It has two entrance doors. I asked my neighbors to give me the keys. They gave me the key only of one door. I simply sawed the second lock to be able to go out. 

One day I am constantly arguing over my mobile with those idiots that harass me. It is night. I am mad like hell. I am surfing facebook and listening Linkin Park. I am listening this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHtwZ07N1ic&ob=av2e . I drop my head-speakers turn around and I am taking my phone. I want to call those idiots and to tell them that I am going to kill all of them. I am fed up. It all lasts just a couple of seconds and I turn back to my computer. The computer has alone changed this song into this one http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_c1w056MItU&feature=relmfu . This is not the only time it is has happened to me. One night I am listening http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbMZY3NkZok and feel really lousy. I turn around to take a cigarette. It lasts just a couple of sends. I sit back at the computer and the computer has switched that song into http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXnR8y89TvI&feature=related . 

I have a bit longer hair. I take off a band that I use to tie it into a small pony tail. I put it in my left pocket. A couple of minutes later I am again reaching in my left pocket to take it out. It is not there. I check my right pocket and find it. I am positive 100% that this was like I say it. I come home an hour later. I undress and leave my shorts on the floor. I am thinking about taking out that band to put it in its place just not to lose it. I do not do it. I lay down and rest a couple of hours. Later I want to go out. I am going to take another shorts. I check my left pocket. The band is not there. Strange. I look on the place where I always leave it and find it there. I am totally confused but I know that I am not crazy. This never happens to me. I am positive about this what I am telling you. They manipulate matter.

Number 2 is my favorite number. This will be important for the rest of the story.

I come home and take some change and the key from the terrace out of my left pocket and put it in its place. I am positive that I took both out. I saw the key in my hand along with the change. Later when I want to go out I again take the same things. There is no key. Strange. I check the left pocket nothing. I check the right pocket and it is there. The same thing happens to me one more time. I am positive about this. 

Similar things happen to me a couple of times more. Every time I question myself for days if I may be wrong about it. I know that I am not.

I have a friend. She is a girl. We have known each other for a long time. We go out sometimes in the city for a drink. We sometimes drive together and we are sometimes together on the same terrace. 

We sit in a car that I took that night from my father to have a ride with her. We are outside of the city, in an industry zone, sitting in the car with opened doors in front of some non-functional supermarket. We are drinking beer and listening techno music. This happened 4-5 days ago. She says I need a cigarette and starts looking for them. Just to say that I have previously told her all about this and that I told her that I would introduce them. On a dent on the top dash board there is a CD. She takes the CD up and looks for her cigarettes. She tells me that she is positive that she put it there. I can see that there is nothing there but just a disc. She says strange. She turns around to check her purse which is on the back seat. There are no cigarettes in it. She is a bit mad. She tells me that she had two packs in the purse and that she can not find any. I tell her to check again the dash board. I say it just to say something. She lifts up the disc and the pack is there. She looks surprised. All of a sudden she screams. The second pack is in her lap. I start laughing. She says that she is not feeling well. She looks shaken. I explain to her that the same thing is happening to me. I am telling her that I had nothing to do with it. I was slouching comfortably in my seat all the time. An hour later I move the car to one plain. We go out, drink beer and look the starts. She looks up mesmerized. She sees a very bright star switching on and off two times. She says again I do not feel well. I explain to her what is happening and laugh. I am telling her that I told her that I would introduce them. I did not lie. Just to say that I could have known positively if they would want.

She told me that her computer also started to act strange. 

A couple of night ago we are sitting on the terrace, drinking beer and chatting about unfair world. It is night. I see a star moving across the sky. It stops and stays in one place. She sees the same. I watch one patch of the sky and see nothing. She watches another patch of the sky and sees whole bunch of them. She says again I do not feel well. I am laughing. I am asking if she is scared. She says not a bit. I was at the beginning. She is cool. 

I call her yesterday and ask her how does she feel. She has had a bleeding for the last ten days. I wanted to force her to the doctor on Monday and to go with her. She says it is getting better. She bleeds less. I tell her that they can fix her. I know that they can. I will call her later anyway to check. I hope she will be ok. 

I am sitting on the terrace a week ago, I think and drink beer. There is a wall where I always go to pee. I am peeing and seeing something strange on the wall. Those are the photos that I sent it to you. I am thinking that there maybe some kid which has made a practical joke with me. If you check the right side of the symbol you can see that there are three circles. I stay and look into it amazed. On the left side there are 3 circles that look the same, there are 3 in the center and there are 2 on the right side. I look for over a minute not knowing what to think. I go back to the other side of the terrace and finish my beer. I come back to check the symbol for one more time. There are 3 circles on the right side and the geometry on it side is not the same as it was before. I laugh. Strange. Next day I take my camera and take photos. With my mobile it is simply not possible to shoot anything. It is a piece of junk. The terrace is not big, there is never nobody there. I was maybe 5-6 meters away from that place. If anybody had come to change the symbol I would have heard him. There are no noise there. Just the dampened sound of a traffic and people bellow. 

There is something else about the photos that I sent you. For the first set I saw clearly a metallic sphere. All by now I have thought that there was something wrong with the optics of my camera. It cannot be. All other photos are ok. They manipulated my camera. On the second set of photos, where you see a black sphere, I will send you one of the last two photos marked exactly where the sphere was when I photographed it. Only it does not look like a sphere any more. My camera was again manipulated. You have better equipment and you can maybe analyze it a bit better.    

At the end just to say that I would like to talk to somebody about this all. I have to. I do not lie 1 why should I. If you ask me what they are 1 they are simply a higher intelligence. I have a feeling that they even understand a multidimensionality of the space. We have eyes as sensors. I think that they simply see the energy. I know that they understand everything. 

And just to mention that I am trying to go abroad. For me it is has here become unbearable.  

Wish you all the best.
