{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62021","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3032,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5497344.json","updb_database_id":5497344}
{cak} I seen 2 huminods

This is just a brief description of what I seen there is a lot more detail I can tell about this. This happened in the fall of 2013.
I tried to learn how to use a 3D graphic program to try and recreate what I seen so I sending a picture that I crated in Auto-desk mud box. I can disrobe all of this better by mouth there skin there eyes there bodies and other things I seen in the for ground and back ground. There skin had strange properties.

I seen them from my living room window the binoculars under a tree that was unusually covered with liken. They where about 3 feet tall and just stood there first there was one looking towards me in the direction of the sun. I could not believe that I was seeing. I looked again and there where too of them now standing beside each other.
It scared me. they where camouflaged to the background. It was like they where in a clearing under the tree. It was like I was seeing another dimension. I looked at them for a long time all of a sudden they where gone I kept watching and they appeared then disappeared. Then appeared and stay for at least 2 hours I kept checking back and they where still there so I decided to go take a shower thinking that I must be hallucinating but when I came out of the shower they where still there looking toward the sun in my direction. I wanted to tell some one but there is no way that they would see what I was seeing because they where camouflaged like a reptile.
They had big round eyes too holes for there nose and a slid for a mouth. there skin was like scales that changed colors matching the background.
I went to sleep after about three and a half hours when I woke up and looked they where still there. I tolded my self know one would believe this so I went back to sleep. When I woke up they where gone
There are a lot more details. Some things I seen and felt before I seen them. 

I believe there is some thing going on under ground in this place. I could here vary strange sounds in this place seemed to be coming from the underground.

Ps. there is a lot more detail I can Describe.
This happening will not leave my mined it is driving me crazy.
when I searched the inter net I seen that there are other people that have seen the same type of things that I seen. this place is by Boeing air field in south Seattle.
