{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-28 17:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5500344.json","updb_database_id":5500344}
Saw UFO in my back garden when i went to observe a coming storm, hidden by slight cloud covering and it was getting dark

I often go outside to view the horizon on on-coming natural events or weather patterns, especially if i suspect the weather forecast is wrong, i like to look and observe and make my own judgement.
I was outside for around 10 minutes and then i noticed a small white light in the north direction of the sky, it seemed to just be hovering which i thought, "thats a little odd", i thought it maybe a plane or helicopter flying towards my direction so that is why it looked as if it was hovering. But i then listened for any sound and at that time there was none apart from a light wind. It seemed to just hover for around 5 minutes and as there was no sound i continued to observe yet my mind was starting to tell me, "am i actually witnessing something from the x-files" My mind could not really comprihend it yet i continued to observe, fascinated but did not go to get a camera, one i did not think to as i did not want to miss this unique to my experiences phenomenom. 
The light orb which was glowing white then seemd to get bigger and move closer to my direction and it moved with a smoothness and control that i have never seen before but was awed by it. It stopped midway between the clouds so i could not make out any outline only a round shimmering white light. 
Then i noticed a red light come on but i was not blinking (like that of an airplane light) It was also above the white light which was unusual and as i had never ever witnessed anything like this before it was hard for my mind to come to terms with it but it did as i am a very open-minded individual.
The object/orb then moved side to side rapidly as if it was monitoring something, then i observed it stoped and i could tell it was preparing something, i just felt an energy in the air, almost like static energy. The orb then switched off the red light light and its white light started growing to around 4x its size and it suddenly shot up into the NE direction towards space, it shot off so fast after discharged the bright white light, it was a light explosion, a bright flash and it moved like nothing i have ever seen before. I thought i hard a booming sound as it left my sight but as there was a thunder storm on the way i cannot be completely satisfied the sound came from the unknown flying object. I never truly believed in UFO report or sightings as i have to have a persoanl experience to truly believe anything, "seeing is believing" as 'they say'. I stayed outside for another 20 minutes but there was nothing apart from increasing stormy weather so i came back inside my own and the rest of the evening was trying to make sense of what i had witnessed. After a couple of days it became very clear on what i had witnessed and now i must say i am some what a believer in this phenomenom, i never ever thought i would say that or even feel it.
