{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-23 01:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5294,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5522344.json","updb_database_id":5522344}
light all of a sudden started to morph into multiple lights then multi colored lights. at some point i considered the lights could be coming from a chinook helicopter due to the distance between the lights and the strange angles at which it was flying...

started with one light in the sky that had been in the same spot for at least 45 minutes. i was driving during the whole sighting and was headed toward this light for like i said around 45 minutes, never changing size or character. i thought it could have been a planet because it was slightly brighter than your usual star with a faint reddish flicker. 

well to my great surprise, this light all of a sudden started to morph into multiple lights then multi colored lights. i at first was trying to discover what sort of helicopter or plane it was even though i was astonished that any of this was even taking place. my father and brother are both pilots, one commercial and the other just retired from the national guard flying chinook helicopters. at some point i considered the lights could be coming from a chinook helicopter due to the distance between the lights and the strange angles at which it was flying... first what would appear to be the nose of the craft nose down for a bit then alternated to nose up. well i was quite happy with this assumption until it changed direction and started to what appeared to be tumbling like aerobatics turning and twisting but at a very slow relaxed pace and speed. at one point it was right above my car. i have a sun roof and i opened it for the occasion. it remained directly above me for a would say a good minute, and that is when i got the best look at the craft. it continued on with this same movement pattern and the multi colored lights continued in their sequence change and patterns. it appeared as though each individual light changed multi colors and so forth. for the space craft itself, i had never seen anything like it and still do not know what to make of it. it did have some straight lines and angles, but the actual shape of it i still cannot make out to you. it i would like to say was more triangular shaped at some angles it looked diamond shaped with again, sharp angles with smooth and rounded off shapes as well. the bright alternating lights unfortunately impaired my vision to get a really clear image of its entirety. 

i was so focused on what was above me that i almost missed what was happening in my periphery. 
so just like the original light i saw, one very similar light appeared out of no where in the distance, then suddenly morphed into multiple lights then into multiple colors and shapes. had similar speed and movements. very agile and elegant like the first. then another, and another and another. they started appearing every where. somewhat evely spaced and similar flight patterns and paths. they all started i would say around 10 to 20 miles away then creeped in much closer in a very quick and effortless amount of time. then once again made a descent into the distance turning into the one bright light, then vanished. 

i was in shock and trying to keep focused on there movements and behavior to really feel anything, as well as occasionally focusing on the road and fellow travelers on the road not to collide with any to really feel anything until it was all over. i do have to say though, when that one was hovering above me, i was overwhelmed with many sensations, one being that i felt like it was connecting with me in some way. as if it new i was fully aware of its presents and sought me out. it was like it headed straight for me. when all of this was initially occurring, i called a friend of mine that i had just hung up with explaining what i was experiencing. as soon as i had left multiple messages on his phone and finally gave up, it took a b line straight towards me, then hovered above me like i explained earlier. 

once they all vanished, i did experience a strange smell. a smell not like i have ever experienced like in this area, or ever in such magnitude. it was like a chemical burn or something like that. not to pungent but very strong and quite heavy for that sort of smell. smelt it for about a mile or so. 

well, thanks for your time. oh, yes, i do want to expand a bit on my location. i live in san francisco and was was heading to stockton. i had just crossed the altamonte pass approaching the i5 junction to la all the way up to tracy. i do believe they have air force bases there, not too sure though. there is pretty much a whole bunch of nothing out there but hill billys, cows and power plants. just in case you where interested.

thanks again,
(name removed to fi box) cms 12/01/11 08:00 cst flg
