{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-13 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284344","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3871,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/344/mufon-5284344.json","updb_database_id":5284344}
Glowing Orb, not an Aircraft

I, Pablo Dubey, 36 years old, on 13th July, 2021 (2000-2015 IST) was carrying my 6 months old baby upstairs to my room on the terrace at my residence after a brief spell of a rain shower. As the sky began to clear up, a spectacular sight awaited me... It is worth mentioning that Ujjain (M.P.) has historically been a global commercial crossroad. Moreover, it has become a busy international air-route sans any stoppage! I noticed a bright white light like a star or Venus (constant glow) moving across the sky between the horizons from North to South. I first took it for a routine but now less frequent (after two lockdowns) domestic flight. Now, technically speaking, airplanes compulsorily blink lights, colourful ones indeed! ...which were absent!! I am confident it was neither a comet nor a meteor, which I am familiar with.

Five minutes post that, I decided to record a fainter second flight receding in opposite direction as there was no blip on flightradar app (the tour of a chief minister is also off-radar) which made me mull over the possibility of a Chinese lantern or a drone (without any buzz), which again I can identify! I climbed the ladder to an uppermost roof and observed a third similar call-it-what-you-may... this UAP thingy... (I prefer a manmade aircraft), that resembled a glowing orb moving or rather swifting in West-East direction, dashing behind and not to emerge again out of a tiny cloud. What actually made things wierd, if not eerie, ten minutes later was a fourth plane, an actual domestic flight (as confirmed by radar this time!) on an East-West route. It emitted the familiar roar cancelling all other noise, thereby confirming the unusualness of first three crafts. It had the regular colourful blinking lights too! And a silhouette!! And a visible emission plume!!!

You see, the UAP's otherwise moved in straight paths and there was nothing else shockingly abnormal or unusual about them...

Once again, the sky grew hazier with more clouds and there were persistent flashes of lightning. Recent numerous incidents of death by them in Rajastan and elsewhere made me retreat indoors.

I attribute certain unknown terrestrial origin to the UAP's. No supernatural stuff/alien theory till proven and accepted as established facts supported by reasonable proofs by government...!

For a while before this, I'd been following developments post Pentagon report on and Elizondo's efforts towards the three (and many more) clips released. Why was I a witness that day? I was admonished by my wife to focus rather on other significantly critical matters at hand. I, as of now, assume it to be a prank pulled by us humans, albeit on a cosmic scale. If it were some natural phenomenon never seen (or proven) before (like blood-rains in Kerala some ten years ago), it would be outstanding and fascinating. Fiery electric silent thunderballs, anyone?

UPDATES: I later confirmed with local met-office, they don't send up any weather balloons. Additionally, an amateur planespotting enthusiast friend observed what he believes to be meteors at around 2230 hrs that day although they cannot be so sluggish moving.
