{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1968-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180605","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1nqbrbb","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180605,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
3:00 a.m.The first sighting took place in the Fraser Canyon between Boston Barand Yale in an area where the Canyon is quite deep. What they saw was verystrange as there seemed to be a fog or mist in the canyon and inside the fog theycould make out a luminous, sort of translucent oval light source that was probablyseveral hundred feet long and hovering above the Fraser River. (Brian Vike,Director HBCC UFO Research)Form: 97 Research
Date: Tue, 07 Nov 2006 12:34:21 +0000 (GMT)
From: daniel wilson
<daniejon2000@yahoo.co.uk>
Subject: October 1968,
Between Boston Bar and Yale, B.C. Luminous Translucent Oval Light

Cat: 1
To: Francis Ridge
<nicap@insightbb.com>

http://www.ufoinfo.com/sightings/canada/681000.shtml
UFO SIGHTING REPORT
BOSTON BAR - YALE
BRITISH COLUMBIA
October 1968

Between Boston Bar and Yale, B.C. Luminous Translucent Oval Light
Date: October 1968
Time: 3:00 a.m.
The first sighting took place in the Fraser Canyon between Boston
Bar and Yale in an area where the Canyon is quite deep. A friend and
co-worker Les B. and I had gone on a Moose hunting trip to the Big
Timothy Mountain area east of Lac la Hache BC over the thanksgiving
long weekend in 1968. We saw no game during the hunt so we were
determined to pack up our remote wilderness camp in the early afternoon
of the last day and begin what would have been about a 9 hour drive
back to Vancouver. It was a beautiful autumn day and we procrastinated
going back, taking down our camp and heading out of the bush. Much to
our dismay we heard the crack of a rifle shot as one of our hunting
companions bagged his Moose in the late afternoon, several hours after
we should have left for home.

That meant we had several more hours of back breaking work
dressing out, cutting up this huge Bull Moose and packing it back to
our camp and the vehicles. We had to find our way out of the bush in
the dark and our delayed trip home put us in the Fraser Canyon location
where we saw the UFO at about 3:00 AM (we both had to book off work
that day as we were totally exhausted when we finally got home). There
was no other traffic on the road at the time and as we were driving
along my friend Les said "what is that strange light in the canyon
below". I pulled over and we both got out and looked down into the
canyon. What we saw was very strange as there seemed to be a fog or
mist in the canyon and inside the fog we could make out a luminous,
sort of translucent oval light source that was probably several hundred
feet long and hovering above the Fraser River. The light was slowly
pulsating in intensity getting brighter, then dimmer etc.

My friend and I knew that there were train tracks on either side
of the canyon, the CNR on one side and the CPR on the other. We thought
at first the light was the light of a train but soon realized that a
train would not make a stationary pulsating light in the middle of the
canyon above the river or be totally silent in the process. My friend
and I also had a sense of fear as we both felt the hair on the back of
our necks stand on end at the time. Les said "lets get the hell out of
here" so we jumped back in the car and drove off. We never mentioned it
to any of our co-workers since at the time anyone who mentioned a UFO
was instantly labeled as a crackpot but we did talk about it between
ourselves after the fact.

Thank you to the witness for the report.

Brian Vike, Director
HBCC UFO Research
