{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491020","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3916,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/020/mufon-5491020.json","updb_database_id":5491020}
Star-like (but brigher) moving across sky, following each other, appeared to rapidly accelerate, disapppear

I was in my room, usually writing computer programs and studying, or sometimes taking a break in the lounge room watching a movie with my elderly father who had early stage dementia at the time.

The first time this happened, my father called me out to the top of the steps leading to our front door and asked me to look up in the sky. This would usually happen around 8pm local time and last up to 15 minutes, so we would often go out around that time when most of the night sky was visible in our rural, outback Queensland area to watch "the spacecraft."

There appeared to be extraordinarly fast moving, glowing, star-like (but brighter) objects going across the sky. They would sometimes move across the sky, with no known intereference or sound, and appeared to be well out of Earth's orbit. If I could put two fingers up and try to measure the comparative speed of the objects, to ordinary planes and jet fighters for example (not knowing exactly how large they were, or how far out they were) I estimated they moved across the sky (no light noise, everything possibly visible to the eye was visible) about half inch/sec. They were way out, whatever they were. And fast.

Most of the time others would follow, half the time several would follow and appeared to be circling the local solar system. Sometimes they would appear from a very long distance away, in an arc around the entire solar system (or way out from Earth), accelerate and then just disappear.

They were definitely not planes, helicopters, or anything I could identify.

There were no visible parts of the objects like windows or other identifiable characteristics, and in any case were bright white-like lights, star-like but not stars, and manouvered strangely on occasion. There were often more than one, 9/10 times, followed each other, and would sometimes accelerate rapidly in an arc-like manner around what seemed to be the solar system (or just a significant distance from Earth) and just disappear into the distance.

We did not feel anything strange. We just watched, tried to identify what these things were, and talked about the high probability that advanced civilizations existed elsewhere in the universe. Nobody else around our little town seemed to notice. While we had stills cameras and a small video camera, we didn't feel any urge to get evidence, and in fact I do not think the idea ever entered our minds.

We had the distinct feeling that this was it, 1) that we had the final proof we needed to make up our minds on whether spacecraft from elsewhere were visiting and observing, 2) that the universe probably contained innumerable other life-forms out there, and 3) a good enough proportion of them advanced technological civilizations, and given enough time to evolve and avoid destroying each other etc, would probably come across us on Earth at some stage.

We would watch them eventually go out of sight, or simply accelerate and disappear, and go back inside. It became an ordinary almost everyday experience for us.

Most of the time we lost sight simply because they would accelerate and disappear (seemingly off into the galaxy or further away) or would travel across the sky and eventually out of sight.
