{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-05 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495020","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64433","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/020/mufon-5495020.json","updb_database_id":5495020}
{dr}red orb miles up insantley few through tree in front of me and many others followed by red boomerang type over my house then instantly up S,SE then dissaprd

Me my son and his friend was outside throwing the football around a bright red light was far away maybe miles away and then instantly went through my tree illuminating the branches red without disturbing a single leaf.. we were hurling over each other and trying to get into the house first. Only when we mustered up the courage to go back outside we seen it just backing back through the tree and again illuminating the branches bright red while not disturbing a single branch. when I realize my neighbor across the street from me had seen the same thing we were talking about it with so much feared amusement not sure what to make of it. Knowing my son and his friend also seen the same thing it made me feel more credible to know that an adult had witnessed the same thing. Then in the middle of our conversation by neighbor pauses and points behind me over the top of my roof were we both see this red boomerang like object just appeared over the left side of my house and then slowly proceeded north to south (left to right). Just as it passed over my house completely it then ascended very very quickly going up like at an angle going south southwest then just disappeared. my wife doesn't even go outside and look at the stars anymore because when she was a witness to it she couldn't believe it. it was too much for her. It is taking a lot of time out of my time spending with my family. My wife does not allow me to talk about it around her. She says it scares her so much not knowing what it is she would rather not see it at all she does not even enjoy going outside and looking up at the stars anymore. My kids see it often outside with me at night time as well. Nighttime is when it's most active. I'm not talking about 1 or 2 lights I'm talking about a whole string of different groups of lights that make up many different shaped objects. They drop down almost right on top of me over my head and then they quickly ascend up so high where they look so small again and do it almost instantly. I am willing to prove this to anyone I have already showed my pastor of my church he lend me his video camera and he still doesn't know what to think of it and I actually caught a full saucer on film this time when I was recording. I only did this for my pastor to prove it to him that I wasn't crazy. This has been such a natural occurrence around me that my family and friends now all think that either they believe me cuz I they have seen it when they would listen to me so I could show them or they haven't seen it so I think I'm crazy I'm willing to prove this to anyone. It's almost like an unspoken understanding that when I look at these things they come down literally right in front of me and then when everyone hears that. they think I'm nuts but you have to see it to believe it I'm not playing this is 100% genuine I can guarantee this and my wife and kids see it as well. Recently I've been getting these single little lights coming down that reflect like an -A- and were so bright and brilliant with beautiful colors it almost looks like a fairy even though it sounds silly that's exactly what it looks like some of the time now. Please you guys have to believe me I am very willing to prove this to anyone. You can stay in my house and I'll leave or if you want me to be here I can prove it to you and show you in person. I don't want to think that I'm crazy but this phenomenon has been going on for 6 months and I know for a fact its not me or I'm going crazy at all. Sorry for sending this in so late a lady from MUFON told me to do this a while back I just now got access to a computer. Thank you for taking this and thank you for assuring me that I'm not going crazy is a hundred percent real.I hope you you guys seriously consider meeting up with me or at least coming by so you can see it for yourself. Thank you
