{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525020","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30780","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2566,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/020/mufon-5525020.json","updb_database_id":5525020}
mass ariel sighting.

First off I watch the sky nearly every night and I see objects that I cant explain way up and I also see lots of airplanes coming in and out of Minneapolis, MN.

But anyways,

I was sitting in my living room and I went outside to smoke a cigarette on my deck when I noticed an object to the northwest that was too far away to make out the shape but it had two lights that were bluish white purple and blinked together at the same time and were horizontally parallel. Then I noticed two other objects straight west that appeared to be sitting there not blinking and I really cant remember the exact color of the lights but the objects were over a mile away most likely. Then a mass amount of airplanes or flying vehicles, I don't know flew all straight west. There were/was around 15-20 aerial crafts that flew all straight west....all had lights...nothing way crazy but a large amount of traffic that Ive never witnessed before and like I said I come out and watch the sky every evening and see typical airline traffic coming in and out. Never have I seen this high of volume go straight west towards those object. Then the most notable craft I saw was in teh shape of triangle....orangish red lighted ends and and orange light in the middle. It flew very slow over my neighborhood and seemed at an altitude of a recent airplane take-off. It flew west and then started to turn vertical and seemed to go more southwards. 

When I first saw that object I then began to feel overwhelmed. It was like something was going on...like "are we under attack by the Chinese or something?" It was a very unusually high amount of traffic plus didn't hear any rumbling or engine....lights were solid where airplanes usually have some blinking light.

During the incident I immediately called my uncle and talked to him while it was happening after the one noticeable aircraft flew over me. The objects kept heading west till I couldnt seem over the horizon.
