{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-28 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528020","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/020/mufon-5528020.json","updb_database_id":5528020}
Bright as a car headlight. Brighter than a star. look like a star or helicopter.

I was driving on the Tomei expressway. I just got off the expressway on exit #5 to Atsugi/Ebina. Ebina is the newly built exit. I took the Ebina exit. I was driving on the long straight away, when I noticed a bright starlike light in the sky. The sky was very dark. Night time. a few other stars were visible. This light was brighter than them all. I guessed it was a helicopter because stars are not that bright. Also, there is a Navy Aviation Base close by. I used to work there, and I know they have helicopters. My wife was with me in the car. I told her to take a look at it and tell me what she think it is. She said "I don't know, it could be a star." I was coming close the the point where the straight away ends. About 5 seconds before I have to follow a curve on the road, the light disappears from the sky. My wife and I were both watching at the time and we were amazed. There were no clouds in the sky for the light to hide behind. Helicopters do not turn off their lights during flight. The whole time the light did not move from the position it was in. When the light disappeared, i told my wife to check the time because I want to report this as a ufo, because we couldnt explain what it could be. We didn't bother to try to take photos or video because we see lights in the sky all the time. We watch the sky regularly. We have a telescope, binoculars, cameras, tripods, and we are fairly familiar with stars and planets. We often see airplanes fly around in the sky. Once in a while we see a helicopter fly by. Ive even seen a satellite move straight and smooth along the sky. This light was like a bright star or a motionless helicopter, up until the point when the light went out. From there, I have no idea what it could be.
