{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489020","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70616","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2515,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/020/mufon-5489020.json","updb_database_id":5489020}
{cak} A pair of lights much brighter than than the usual airplane lights and also not the usual colors.

I went out to my driveway to smoke a cig. It is a clear night and I like to look up for shooting stars. I generally see a few planes flying overhead, either into Charlotte- Douglas or jus passing by. I have seen emergency and military helicopters fly by before as well. This object caught my eye because of the green and red colors that were much brighter than anything I have seen before here. I have been here almost 3 years in the concord area. I have lived in Myrtle Beach for 15 years, and Delaware for 24 years or so. At first I thought not much of it, but it was pretty, so I watched. Then it stopped and hovered. Maybe 2 miles away at a relatively low height. Then it began to move forward slowly in the same direction it was going originally. After a second or two the forward motion went from slow to amazingly fast across about a quarter of the sky. I was intrigued. It had stopped and hovered again. No noise. It began another slow movement at about a 90 degree angle and almost immediately accelerated again in a very unnatural rate to a point almost over my head. Still no noise. At this point, I was very curious. It then hovered again over my house and then headed generally east for a short time before stopping again. At this point, I went inside to tell my mother what I was seeing her and to bring her out to look at it. When she came out in about 30 seconds it was still hovering about 1000 feet above the woods behind our house. She saw it as well and was also confused by it. After about another 30 seconds of watching it slowly move around, it finally went from a hover to a very high speed to the north. Lost sight of it then. My mom went inside and I stayed out for another hour without ever seeing it return. The entire time it was visible, commercial airplanes were criss crossing the sky.
