{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-11 03:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529020","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26518","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/020/mufon-5529020.json","updb_database_id":5529020}
Triangle heading north up coast of CA

The craft was heading north by north west. Looked to be traveling along the 101 up the coast. Or maybe on the Coast line itself. I was in Milpitas making a delivery and finished at 3:58 am. Saw out of my eye what I thought was a flock of geece or birds climbing back into my commercial truck. After rubbing my eyes and realizing what I was seeing I climbed onto the top of my truck to watch it. The Craft in relation to where it was in the sky, was the size of a 50 cent piece, and was in the general placement just below Orion's Belt constelation. At the point I saw it- it "appeared" to be leaving the San Jose area. 

The point of the " V " was pointing north and i was able to see the lights clearly around both sides. The sky was very clear with a new moon. Unlike the drawings I have seen on Ufo Hunters the lights were individual about 5-7 , not one solid light. There was also a kind of glow around them appearing to be one solid light. I watched it for about 3-4 min until the craft faded into the night. It was clearly a craft as the stars disappeared as the craft went under them. It looked to be moving at a slow pace. but up that high who knows. 

It was my first sighting and was really cool. I hope I was able to add to your list on MUFON. 

I can now understand why photo's of UFO's look fuzy in nature- if I had used my camera on my phone it would have looked fuzy as well. 

If these are military like some believe its important to know just days ago there was a mysterious missile launched off our Southern Coast down by San Diego.
