{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-09 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5531020","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24439","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3128,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/020/mufon-5531020.json","updb_database_id":5531020}
Silent orange sphere, only lit on 'front' side, seemed to rotate vertically from the rear view.

I was standing in my back yard smoking a cigarette as my visiting parents were going to sleep and wife was putting the dog in the laundry room for bed. I saw a bright orange sphere that somewhat resembled a glowing hot air balloon or 'clouded flame' moving from the East. It was too bright to be a plane headlight and there were no blinking lights as a plane would have. As it approached it peaked my interest as it seemed too low for an airplane and I knew if it was I should hear something. Not wanting to take my eyes off it I tried calling my wife with my cell phone to see if she had her phone nearby at 10:31 PM CT to have her come look. I then turned on my phones camera and took a picture at 10:33 PM CT. I watched it pass, and as it was moving away to the West with a very slight (barely noticeable) southern curve there was more of a faint bluish glow on the back side, not bright light like the front, and I could see somewhat of a counter-clockwise vertical rotation. i snapped 2 more pictures at 10:34 PM CT in the general direction with my phone, I couldn't see the object but could pinpoint the area based on the lights on the ground. Before it moved off I ran inside to see if the wife was busy to come look, but took too long and it was gone by the time we went back out.

At 11:04 PM CT I was in the driveway making sure the cars were locked and smoking one more cigarette before bed. Straight up I saw 2 small very distant white lights following almost in tow of each other moving South to North. I would have written it off as a satellite if there was only one but being 2 I was unsure. Once again I snapped another picture in the general direction but haven't reviewed that photo yet.

Today my wife was curious and 'googling' what I told her and made me want to fill this out.

The first picture I added is the front view. The 2nd was trying to capture the rear view. The 3rd image I added a circle around the general area I think I remember it being. Hopefully you have some better photo software and can see more than I can.
