{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1952-08-15 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502536","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3099,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/536/mufon-5502536.json","updb_database_id":5502536}
{rjl} Object went 100' over my head

It was summer time in the early 50's. The neighborhood kids were playing "capture". Choose up sides and side would hide and the other would try to capture them and put them in "jail". I was hiding behind a large tumble weed when I looked to the east I noticed a very bright light beaming down upon the tops of the eucalyptus trees and the top to the trees were swaying back and forth like they would in the wind. This was approx. 2 hundred yards away to the east. I could vaguely see an object over the top of the trees. I first thought it was a helicopter, but I could not hear any rotor noise. When the object reached the end of the tree row the bright light went out and the object continued in a westerly direction almost directly toward me. It was moving at a slow speed, I would estimate approx. 3-4 miles/hour. As the object neared me I could hear a whine, like a large generator would make. The object was disc shaped with a dome that had windows with a soft light from the inside. As it neared me I could look up into the bottom of the object. The sides sloped up ward to the center to what appeared to be a circular "porthole". The object appeared to of some kind of metal material with a "brushed finish", but yet very smooth. The exterior also appeared to be of the same material and both were a dark grey, there was no down draft or wind movement from this craft. 
As the object moved over head I jumped up and yelled, waiving my arms. At this point the object did not accelerate, but stayed at it's original speed, and direction, but the whine increased to a higher pitch. I watched the object as it continued west for approx 3-5 minutes. When it was about 1 mile away the object suddenly shot up into the sky and within 2 seconds I could not recognize it from the stars. I was probably 10-12 years old at the time and I had no idea or had ever thought about UFOs. I really didn't tell many people about my experience. I had no reason, I didn't know much about anything at that age and I just kept it inside me, but to this day I remember the events very clearly.
Now that I'm much older, served in combat in Viet Nam and spent 32 years as a Police Officer, I know what I saw on that night was not from this planet. At that time we absolutely no air craft that could do what this craft did and still don't to this day.
I swear that the above is true and correct and reflects the event of that night to the best of my ability.
[Name removed/cms/tg]
