{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-10-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488536","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71106","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/536/mufon-5488536.json","updb_database_id":5488536}
{jpg} Abduction while deer hunting / communicated with mechanical voice / short and tall abductors

This incident happened over 20 years ago and has seemed to only come back to me over time. For years I thought it was a vivid dream but now I am wondering if this really happened to me and it was blocked from my memory when it happened.

My father and I were deer hunting with bow & arrow on the border of Illinois and Wisconsin near Jo Daviess County, Illinois. My age was approximately 14 - 15 at the time of this event. I had a deer come under my tree stand and took a shot. I waited for my father to return to my tree stand as he was about a mile away in his own tree stand. This was well after dark. I told him that I took a shot and we proceeded to follow the blood trail together. As we were walking through the field following the trail. I observed a violet light hovering over the tree line going from left to right. I told my father and he didn't pay much attention because he was following the blood trail and told me to quit messing around. I shined my flashlight at the light and it darted off toward the woods very fast. After some time the trail stopped and my father said we would resume search in the morning but he though I probably had a brisket shot to low and wasn't going to get the deer. That night we ate dinner cooked by the Coleman stove and got ready for bed in the back of his old 1973 Chevy pickup. It had a metal cab on the back and I remember windows on the side and in the back. My dad snored loud and I remember him snoring that night. As I was laying in the back of the truck at some point of the night or early morning. I remember having a frightening feeling that someone was watching me to the point I didn't want to open my eyes. I did and through the side window saw what I think was the big eyed big head grey looking back at me. I closed my eyes again and heard what was like a mechanical voice telling me "We are not going to hurt you" then something made me open the back window of the truck cab and get out. When I did I observed three short and two taller big head big eyed aliens and a disc shaped craft landed in the field about 200 feet from the truck. I remember the little ones touching my fingers and leading me toward the craft and saying "Do not be scared" in a mechanical voice that seemed to be in my head. That is all I remember. I woke up in the back of the truck and thinking boy was that a vivid scary dream and it has bothered me since it happened. To this day when I see a image on TV or other of a Big Head Big Eyed Grey Alien it sends chills down my spine!
