{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-03-03 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491536","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3300,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/536/mufon-5491536.json","updb_database_id":5491536}
Heard a loud high pitched sound over head for apprx 30 sec before seeing a large craft slowly move over the tree line with no disturbance to the trees

About 20 years ago three friends and I went to Upper Lynn Elementary school to build a campfire on the gravel field. Two friends wanted to burn momentos of their new exes (photos, tshirts, etc). As we were laying around in a circle we heard a loud, high pitched sound. Like a plane but it was very low flying. We looked to see where it was coming from but couldn't see anything. I remember looking to the north east. It was approximately 30 seconds before we heard it coming from the north west behind the tree line. What we thought was a helicopter came up over the trees. It was large, with 4 lights that looked like spot lights. I can remember thinking that the cops were coming because we had built a fire on school property. As it moved closer I realized it was too big and that the trees should have been moving from the propellers/rotors and it didn't sound like a helicopter. There was no movement in the trees. It was black and long. I think it was a cylinder shape but it's hard to say because it was so dark and the lights were incredibly bright. The lights looked bluish (like leds) close to the source but the light beams looked white. It moved across the tree line smoothly at an even pace. I can't say if it was moving fast or slow because everything felt like slow motion. My last memory of it is me putting my hand up pointing and saying, "what the f**k is that". I was definitely afraid! 
After that I remember one friend was over on the other side of the field and we had a hard time trying to get him back to us. I walked over (I can't remember if anyone else came with me) to him and convinced him to come back. I remember the fire was out and that's when we decided to leave. When we got back to the street I asked what they thought the lights were. None of them had any idea what I was talking about. I finally dropped it because they thought I was crazy or just making it up to mess with them. I was very confused how they couldn't remember any of that!
The next day I talked to the friend who was on the other side of the field about it. He said then that he had no memory of any of it but knew something happened. Years later I asked him about it again and he brushed it off. 
I've gone through periods of believing I was crazy, that I hallucinated it all but the memory of it is still as strong as ever. I've tried a few ways of trying to recall more of that night but haven't been able to. For years I had panic attacks at night anytime I heard a plane. Even as I type this I can feel the panic that I felt then.
