{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-04 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523536","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32407","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3438,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/536/mufon-5523536.json","updb_database_id":5523536}
Huge Triangle UFO with 15-20 multi-colored lights on bottom flew directly over head

We were driving home to Raytown coming from Blue Springs on I-70. My wife was driving in a separate vehicle behind me. My 4 year old son was in the car with me. I looked to my left (south) approximately as we were approaching 291 hwy. and Independence mall. I noticed a horizontal line of very bright lights off in the distance. It appeared that some sort of aircraft was hovering in the distance, but it caught my attention because the lights were brighter and in higher quantity than a typical a airplane. I continued to drive, but kept looking out the window to keep an eye on the aircraft. As I approached Chiefs & Royals stadiums, I had somewhat lost track of it, when suddenly my 4-year old son spotted the aircraft and got my attention. At that point it was close enough that I could see the underside of the craft and I could tell the it was triangular in shape and had 15-20 lights on the bottom side. I then merged onto 435 south headed towards Raytown (right next to the stadiums), when all of a sudden the aircraft slowly flew directly over Chiefs stadium and directly over my head. It was only a few hundred feet above my head at most. The Chiefs stadium lights happened to be on although there was no event at the stadium that night from what I could tell. When the aircraft flew over my head I got a very good look at the enormous size of this aircraft and the bright multi-colored lights were unlike anything I had ever seen on an aircraft. The stadium lights also allowed me to see 3-4 streams of smoke coming from the back of the aircraft. However, the aircraft was completely silent when it flew over head. At this point, I was getting a bit nervous and/or excited because I had no idea what I was looking at. I have never been a believer in aliens or UFO's. I thought maybe it was a planned stadium fly over, but there was no event at Chiefs stadium, so that didn't make sense. My only other guess is that it was some sort of top-secret military aircraft considering that we have a couple of nearby air bases. I then exited onto 350 highway and entered Raytown, MO when my son again spotted the aircraft, which had done a 180 degree turn and circled back around. It was now flying east and then turned north and flew away from us back towards the stadiums. I was finally able to get my wife's attention and pointed it out to her as it was flying away. I went home for a brief moment, but then decided to chase it. I drove up to Chiefs stadium, but there was no sight of the aircraft. Within 30 seconds of arriving, they shut the lights off at Chiefs stadium. I have tried to pass this off as some military experiment, but I have bee on edge ever since the sighting. It's good to know others saw the same thing, but I just want to know what it was.
