{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-22 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453536","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108086","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/536/mufon-5453536.json","updb_database_id":5453536}
flashing light turned into orange orb in northern sky

Late at night close to Midnight April 22, 2020 in Northern Ontario near Kapuskasing, my husband and I saw strange lights in the sky. We saw strange bright lights in the sky where there are not usually any lights. One was exceptionally bright and flashing randomly with a smaller bright star off the top right of it that I could not film. When I would turn the camera to the smaller light, my camera would suddenly simply not function even though it said it was still 'on'.  Focusing on the main orb, it was brighter than any planet seen in the night sky by at least twice or three times as bright, and flashing every once in a while. At first the main orb seemed white and filmed grey white, then all of a sudden it turned red orange. It moved slowly from due Northwest to more North Northwest over the period of over an hour.  There was no sound at all, it was NOT and airplane, not a satellite, not a shooting star. In fact, although there was a meteor shower supposedly a few nights ago, there was only 2 'shooting stars' during all this time, one a normal whitish short streak in the distant sky - and one other huge 'shooting star ' the flashed from east, to north west right at the orange orb, and this one was a red shooting star! When we filmed this orange orb, we saw that it was spinning, amazing. it continued like this the whole time we filmed. It was not always round, sometimes it seemed like the side or bottom was momentarily squished flatter, then it rounded out again. It seemed the orange orb had rings inside it that were spinning with it, with a centre and with fuzzy edges. I know a little about star constellations and tried to fix its position with the Big Dipper, North Star, Casiopia, wondering of it was Betleguese in Orion, it was NOT. We have seen strange things in teh sky several times, especially here in the Greater James Bay area, but nothing like this
