{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-08-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548536","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9760","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2243,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/536/mufon-5548536.json","updb_database_id":5548536}
On my way home from work on Hwy8, it was hovering over the Fletcher Pkwy exit one evening

I was driving home from work one evening on Highway 8, it was still light out but dusk. I was about four exits from Fletcher Parkway exit I needed to take off. I saw a spaceship looking thing in front of me on the right hand side of the highway. I couldnt believe I was seeing this lighted think that looked just like you see in the movies. I questioned myself and looked at the cars next to me all around to see other peoples reactions to see if anyone else was seeing what I was....yet turning back to see ...yep ..it was still there. Didnt see that anyone else was seeing next to me anyhow. I watched it hover in the same spot without moving...then when I came to my exit it was right there over the bridge, same spot the whole time I was watching it. Still in shock I looked around again to see if anyone else was looking to see if they were looking and saw what I was seeing as I took my exit. No one was responding in shock like I was but evidently not. When I turned my head back...it was gone! I couldnt believe I saw a UFO! As soon as I got home I had to tell people ..and of course they thought I was losing it...but I know what I saw! Never really went further to tell many as I knew they wouldnt believe me ...but I know what I saw. Wish they had cell phones then I would have had no problem taking a picture of it. 
Thanks wanted to share ...cause it was sooooooooooo true...and unbelievably shocking...will never forget it. A statement in my head and vision forever...ya know. Feels good to finally tell someone that knows its the truth!!!! THANK YOU
