{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-17 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466895","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93783","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/895/mufon-5466895.json","updb_database_id":5466895}
I have a video of the event, posted on my facebook 5 years ago. Friend also has a video of them.

I have a video of this event and my friend saw my video and she also cuaght them on video about 6 months later only a couple of miles away from where I caught them on video.

Check out this video from about 5 years ago that I recorded on my iphone, I wish I still had that phone or the original file, I just copied this video from my Facebook videos.

My daughter and I were walking the dogs at the park across from our house and we saw 8 lights in the sky just off in the distance behind some houses, they looked like they were about a kilometer away... they were really bright and were and moving at slightly different speeds.. then the front three lights to the left started to move away from the other 5 and then just disappeared...? These lights in the sky freaked my daughter out so much that she ran home when 3 of them just disappeared. Foo Fighters...?

When I posted this video a friend of mine had also caught this exact same looking lights/orbs about 6 months later only a couple miles away from where I saw these. I will ask her video and post it. I would say by best guess that these lights were about 20 - 30 feet in size. Filmed in Ottawa, Ontario I think it was July, 2012. Seems like every year for the last few years I see a couple things up in the sky when I'm walking the dogs at night...this time I had my iphone so I caught it.

You will have to watch this on a larger screen/laptop or computer monitor to see the lights properly, your phone screen is probably too small to see the lights properly. In the dark on a big monitor is perfect.

Probably just some American Black project anti gravity craft out for some test runs...or aliens trying to steal some of our good Canadian beers. ;(
