{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-10-04 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502895","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56089","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/895/mufon-5502895.json","updb_database_id":5502895}
{nd} woke up one night before school to a nonhuman being in the room.

I had woken up in the night and felt cold. I was cold because my covers were down by my feet. My feet were under the covers but the covers were piled or rolled into a pile over my feet. This has been the third morning that I have awaken with the covers kicked off sometime in the night. As I focus to look at the roll of covers I see something round and glistening at the wall about where the door knob would be. Then I realize that the round thing is an eye and it is glistening because it is moving as it looks from side to side. I feel vulnerable so I attempt to reach for the covers but nothing is moving. I'm getting a little angry so I strain to lift my head off of the pillow. As I start to move my head up just an inch or two I notice that the eye belongs to a face. This is when I really notice the eyes glistening and moving. Big like horse eyes or something, dark and shiny. I see this face and upper torso still standing against the wall staring at me. I think that the being is wearing something very dark blue or its skin is dark blue, it could be very hairy or its clothes are dimpled like it is wearing a padded suit. I have now managed to lift my shoulders from the bed and for just a second I believe that I see the whole being still standing there against the wall. It is at this point that something like a hand smacks me on the forehead and shoves my head back into the pillow. That is all that I remember from the incident.

I must have gone out like a light because I have no realization of what had just occurred until that night after my shower and getting ready for bed. I am fine until I turn off my light switch and then go full bore into a serious panic attack. I snap the light on and diligently search every crack and crevis, I frantically look under the bed and in the closet for something that is not supposed to be there. It is then that I recall what had happened the night/morning before.

I had this happen to me when I was just 17, and a senior in high school. Because of what happened that night I cannot sleep alone without a night light or some other light source. I turn 44 this year.
