{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-09 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494895","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64562","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3186,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/895/mufon-5494895.json","updb_database_id":5494895}
{nd} Object brighter than Venus going SW to NE that dissapeared

This is probably nothing, but I saw something odd. Just to let you know, I am an attorney and an engineer and I feel strange saying anything about this. 

 I was taking my pugs out at 9:30 PM on April 09, 2015, PST, and it was a clear night and I always look at stars and try to identify them and I use that google app that helps you identify stars and planets. There was an exceedingly bright star, much brighter than Venus and it was going a bit faster than I see satellites go on a normal basis. I also see planes from time to time when I look up and they don't look like stars. Planes don't look like bright stars. It was going about 1/2 a degree a second. I watched it from 9:30 PM until 9:32 PM. I yelled at my wife to check it out but she doesn't care about this stuff. It completely disappeared at 9:33 PM, just went out.

  At first. I thought the object was the space station and I felt super lucky to see it. Then, I remembered that I watched it go by last year and it was really faint to see. This object was super bright, like a super bright Venus, going way faster than a normal satellite and super bright. The object did not dim nor differ in any of the two minutes I watched it, it was bright the entire time, it was overly bright. At the third minute it just went dark. No satellite goes dark when still in view. After the light of the object went out, I spotted a dim satellite at 65 degrees to my left and it was traveling at least 5 times slower and much more dim. 

  My location of viewing is: [Coordinates moved to FI Section/cms/tg]. Standing on my porch facing North and putting my arm up in the air, the total viewing time was 80 degrees to my left, and disappeared at about 110 degrees on my right and that was about 2 minutes. It was definitely not a meteor because there was no tail. It simply looked like Venus (a ball of light, brighter than Venus moving in the sky) if it was about 3 times it's size in the sky. 

  I am a lawyer and an engineer, and for an object to move that fast in a geosynchronous orbit makes no sense to me, especially when the object is so bright, then suddenly goes black. I know I sound like a crazy person, but that is what I saw. It was literally going super fast in an orbital pattern that is not mathematically possible. What does that? Oh, one more thing, it did not change the appearance in any way, it was just a super bright Venus for two minutes and the next it just turned off and wasn't there. 

I hope it was an asteroid or some old Russian satellite.
