{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-14 08:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480895","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79151","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2563,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/895/mufon-5480895.json","updb_database_id":5480895}
Static orb in blue sky followed by directional and altitude changes.

I am overseeing a construction project for a friend and was looking up to see what progress was being made on the outside walls. At that time I noticed something white in the backdrop of bright blue sky, I pondered over it for a few seconds ruling out that it couldn1t be cloud or airplane or helicopter. I worked in the aircraft industry for over 40 years so I am well aware of what human made flying machines look like and how they behave in flight. A weather balloon maybe! But just as I was thinking that the object moved, not at a startling pace and not that far but it was able to get from point 1A1 to point 1B1 quickly. For the period of time it was visible some of the time it was stationary but when it moved it had 360 degree movement without having to bank to change direction, losing altitude as if falling like a stone, gaining altitude straight up like a rocket. There were four others on the construction site watching it with me along with others working on a house across the street, others walked and drove by but I don1t know how many of them might have seen it. It was brought up later that it could have been a drone, but I don1t think so. If it had been someone1s personal drone it would have had to be close and I1m sure I could have been able to better identify shape and probably hear something. A military drone in this rural area in Panama, why? I don1t know of drones with the range of movement of what I witnessed. Although it is difficult to assess distance when you don1t know size, the area where the object was hovering and maneuvering around is an inactive volcano called Vulcan Baru. Other than that there is nothing in the area other than farmland and mountains.
