{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-04 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526895","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3089,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/895/mufon-5526895.json","updb_database_id":5526895}
Orbs in skyline

hi i will first state i grew up by ohare airport in des plaines ill , where about 6 blocks from the north runway -I90, higgins rd @ mannheim rd ,i had lived till 8 yrs of age then moved to park ridge till 18 we still lived right under the same flight pattern .i grew up watching planes for fun .i am 42 when i seen this i was 41 in no way humanly possible was this any form of air craft hat we know of . i was with my children and their father he too seen it several of our neighbors seen it in different towns at aprox the same time that night it was during he fireworks but no hot ash stays lite that long it lasted for about 15 - 17 minutes before it had moved where i could no longer see it.. ut was 3 balls of and orangish / yellow with red on the very top they did not mpve like a plane , they did not move like a helicopter and or blimp . i have seen other peoples who did take video of this on the very same night that i have seen on you tube what is so amazing to me and my ex is that what others had filled is exactly what we seen ! the films were from all areas of the country all claims to be made at around the same time within about a 2 hour time period , my neighbor who lives 2 doors down he seen the same too , they were at his mother in laws home a few towns over . he claimed to see the same thing at aprox the same time. for 1 ash does not stay lite that long . i literally watched these balls glide threw the sky not the fireworks , it did catch my eye while we were watching the works, they floated , flew dead east going toward the lake they had kinda formed an oblong triangle , the color did not change . there was a red light on top . my neighbor who i just spoke with he said to give his name and numebr to you as well *(Name and phone numbers deleted--CMS/sg)he was jut telling me tha pthers have also seen this same thing in cicero il not 2 weeks ago . again i do not know what it was but i know for fact it was not any type of aircraft that has even flown from the airports . also my ex his name is **(Name and phone number deleted--CMS/sg) he is almost 60 and in all his years had said he has no clue what it was but knows what it wasnt ! i am so sorrry i was in such awe that i did not take any pictures of this . but i know what i saw and others have confirmed who were not with me , who were at other areas at that same time that they seen exactly the same thing and again we do not know what it was but we do know what it was not. aircraft of any kind
