{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-05-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492895","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66628","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3119,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/895/mufon-5492895.json","updb_database_id":5492895}
{cak} A fireball attacked our neighborhood

Recalling this event makes my heart race and fills me with fear to this day, decades later. I was about ten years old living in Milford, CT, at 121 Wepawaug Drive. I was a couple houses down playing with a neighbor Janice Simon - who was the same age as me. We were right across the street from the Liekowsi's. Their son Pauly was my age. We grew up together for the first ten years of our lives. A close knit block. We all knew eachother.
One afternoon while playing in the garage of the Simon's we suddenly heard screaming. We ran out to the driveway and tried to see what was wrong. 
Suddenly, coming right at Janice and I, was a huge ball of fire. We were so scared we grabbed each others hands and ran into the garage. I don't know how she thought to, but Janice hit a switch near the door entrance that brought the garage door down. 
Nothing happened. It didn't hit the door. After a few minutes we heard more screaming and went back outside. 
People were running all over the place! We heard sirens and there were fire trucks screeching down the other end of Wepawaug Drive. 
I ran home and my mother was outside in the backyard watching as our neighbors - the Wheaton's kitchen was on fire. There was a huge hole where the fireball had entered and started the fire. 
The fireball then turned a straight angle and continued down the street. It actually rose as high as the second floor of another lady's house. I can't remember her name...but she lived directly behind the Liekowski's. 
The fireball tore into one side of her second (2nd) floor and exited out the other side leaving a huge burned circle on both sides. 
She saw it come in her house and died right there on the spot!! It was horrible! So many police personnel.
After it hit her house is when it changed direction completely and came at Janice and I. 
I have tried for years to find ANY info on this or even witnesses. With no success whatsoever. I feel like I'm in the twilight zone because I haven't been able to find 
any proof this even took place. I still remember also when the Wheatons kitchen was redone after the fire. 
To this day I try to find out what a fireball is. And the only reason I call it that is because thats what we were told it was. 
But if a fireball is supposed to be a form of lightning, how was it able to change directions more then once - and it was a beautiful sunny day. No storms or rain. 
I hope you don't think I'm nuts because I can't find any proof OR witnesses.
