{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-09 20:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485895","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73832","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7739,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/895/mufon-5485895.json","updb_database_id":5485895}
{cakFirst observed as orbs coming from the East. My son and I were BBQ'ing in the back-yard. We saw these orange glowing orbs coming from the East rapidly coming towards us. They began various formation changes. Triangular. Then moved and went into space.

Same as above, then these orange glowing orbs, disc shaped crafts, arranged into triangular formation. One at a time, each space craft moved very, very, quickly into space. They changed direction at speeds which NO AIRCRAFT I know of could possible do. Soon, more crafts came. They did the same as the others. Then the last grouping of crafts formed a straight line, one at a time. forming a line looking like that which I have seen arranged in the formation of the pyramids in Egypt. They eventually lined up in a perfectly straight line, and all went out at very rapid speeds into space in the direction of Orion's Belt. My son used his star map app to find out this information. After the last orange orb launched into space we noticed a black blob of cloud like matter moving very slowly across the tops of the houses in our neighborhood. This happened immediately after the last orb was out of sight in space. We continued to film the black cloud like object. It looked like a "Demon" as my son stated. I believed it was a cloaking device. 
We continued to film the object, which eventually descended below the treetop levels and appeared to land within a few blocks from our house. When we looked at the film, we both realized the craft which was behind the black cloaking device was in fact very clearly a space craft. It was clearly visible. We were completely amazed to find the spacecraft was completely visible. Every detail can be seen clearly. Even the windows, the markings, the lights, the craft is so completely seen it is unlike anything I have ever seen in any program, show, news report, program, etc. What we have is the best EVIDENCE I have seen in my life. 
When filmed, the cloak, the black cloud, until it was no longer there. We have very clear, concise, accurate, real time, documentation, of both the frontal, side, and rear views of this spacecraft. At one point, you can clearly see the craft coming out of the picture. In other words, the stop frame shows half of the craft visible; and the other side of the craft divided by a straight line, where half of the vehicle is covered in the cloud, cloaking device, and the other is visibly coming out of the black cloud cover. These real time digital images are so clear you can see the front, side, and rear views of the space craft. When you blow up the image you can see the windows on the side of the craft, the markings on the craft, and a clear picture of the face of what many people describe as a Grey Alien. 

You can see beams of different colored lights emitting from the craft. There are no wings, no landing gear visible, and this spacecraft made no sound. It is clearly NOT a DRONE. Our pictures, videos, are so clear, so complete, you can prove without any doubt that what we have is a real, moment-by-moment, documentation of the entire actual event as it happened. The digital images can be enhanced; an WILL PROVIDE THE BEST EVIDENCE OF UFO SIGHTING AND DOCUMENTATION I believe that have ever been shown. We are very afraid. We have backed up ALL of our evidences on numerous devices, We have provided these evidences to numerous people, and they will become public if anything should happen to either myself, or my son, or any of our family members. These digital recordings we have, have been shown to numerous others. They all cannot believe how accurate, clear, and distinctly, this evidence provides PROOF OF SOME TYPE OF UFO, spacecraft, government, or extraterrestrial vehicle. Never-the-less, we really need your help in getting this information out to the public once- and-for-all. We truly believe we have the smoking gun that everyone has been seeking. 
We want this information out to the public, but we want to remain safe from government intervention. We have ensured our safety. All of the information WILL BE MADE PUBLIC IF ANYTHING SHOULD HAPPEN TO EITHER ONE OF US. Please help us...! We are very fearful because of the PROOF we have. There were documented reports in our local news program Channel 17 News in Bakersfield Ca. It only stated that someone gave them a picture of one single glowing orb in the sky. THIS IS NOT AT ALL WHAT HAPPENED. We have frame by frame documentation with the very best digital cameras on the market. Again, we have numerous back-ups, which have been given to many people and cannot be stopped from going public should anything happen to either one of us or our family members. We decided to seek your help first, then go public. We need to state, these crafts came from a location from the East. This happens to be a location where there is a very secretive military base here in California. Never-the-less, this evidence will prove the existence of some spacecrafts that are beyond anything known publicly. [CONTACT INFORMATION REMOVED] We are very willing to share ALL that we have, know, saw, and witnessed. 
After the sighting, we tried to track the landing sight. We drove to different locations and eventually know where we believe it landed. We will show you that location and our thoughts on what happen to the craft at a later date. The location would be very easy to hide the craft and move it by rail very quickly by the government. I believe this craft was dispatched, ejected, or abandoning its main ship, because of some type of failure. The other crafts were tracking, following, and staying with this craft, to ensure it safely landed, before they left. The craft that landed looked different from the others. Why was it cloaked. When seen by the naked eye? It was invisible to the naked eye. When we viewed it on our digital cameras, it is clear, detailed, and can bee so clearly seen, one would have to wonder what type of technology could make this craft. I have 2 BA degrees, I am in a Masters program at my local University, I have my teaching credentials, and both my son and I are both college students who are reasoned, well educated, and completely sound minded. The government would have a very difficult time discrediting a 4.0 graduate student with numerous honor awards and scholarships. 
We both want the world to know these crafts, beings, events, are real, and truly happened. We want this documented event to be made public, with are safety, and our families safety assured. Again, we have taken numerous steps to ensure this does happen. Please contact us A.S. A. P. and we both will provide you with ALL of our evidences once contacted and proper verification of your credentials are assured. Please note, I do not give you permission to use our evidences until we are assured you will do what is in our, and the public, best interest. Once we are assured you are who you say you are, and will do the right thing, then will will gladly agree to allow you full discretion to disperse our documentation, and evidence to the public. most importantly, that you will ensure our safety.

Thank you,

Me.
