Date                          Date
Case Number: 1952 25122023                    25-12-2023                         18-01-2024
Report:                      Resolution:
Location:        El Quisco        Region:        Valparaíso     Classification:       Resolved.
He reported having seen what he considered an aerial anomaly at "07:00" hours.
Summary:   on February 16, 2017, from the resort of El Quisco, Region of
Valparaíso.
The reported object was described as a cigar or cigarette-shaped object, with no indicated coloration, but measuring between 20 and 100 meters, and visible for more than a minute flying always west, witnessed by more than three people.

He concluded by stating (sic): "On the south beach, the golden cylinder with rounded ends travels from west to east with a slight south inclination. slow user/userin:
"And as it was almost upon those who were watching, it began to fade away to become a simple golden cloud that disappeared in a short time. We saw it clear and bright, smooth."

"No supporting files were entered with the report."

"For statistical purposes, a location in the southern sector of El Quisco beach was used at coordinates 33° 23' 40" S and 71° 41' 47" W. (Figure 1)"

Investigation:
Figure 1

                 Due to the lack of images to study the reported events, the user was contacted on January 12, 15, and 17, 2024, requesting any audiovisual material. As of the writing of this report, Mr. Navarro has not responded and nothing has been received.

                 Through the IFIS flight plan file, it was verified that the information provided...
It could have been the overflight of the LATAM Airlines plane coming from Mataveri Airport (SCIP) with destination Arturo Merino Benítez Airport (SCEL) in Santiago.

According to the analysis of the testimony and in the absence of any audiovisual material for study, the investigation file was closed according to numeral 2d (Only cases reporting images, audios or videos will be investigated).

Conclusion:
(Originals) of the Technical Instruction on Procedure, Investigation Times, Reception,
Elaboration of Executive Report and Archiving of SEFAA Reports. Case classified as
Narrative.
