{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-07 20:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477140","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83022","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/140/mufon-5477140.json","updb_database_id":5477140}
{nd} Amber orb flashed red then turned blue and vanished

I was driving, my partner was a passenger. We had just turned onto Oakdale Ave. heading south from Belvidere St. We were driving for about a block when my partner pointed out something in the sky to the SE, heading east. It was an amber orb slightly larger than the size of Jupiter in the sky. At first I thought it might be a helicopter, because there is a lot of air traffic in the area from the St. Paul Airport, and Humphrey Terminal. We watched it for quite a few blocks, and looked for flashing lights on it, which would indicate an aircraft, and saw none. I told him to start filming. He pulled out his phone and I watched it in the treeline as we drove along. I was able to keep a good eye on it. Then suddenly about 4 blocks from St. Croix Lutheran church, the amber light turned abruptly red, then blue and then faded away quickly over about a second. I knew the church parking lot was ahead, which is a large open space, so I got there as quickly as I could, and we sat in the parking lot for about 5 minutes looking for it. There were several planes that flew over while we were in the parking lot, but there was no site of the orb. 

After sitting in the parking lot, we continued our journey down Oakdale and turned onto Marie Ave. We then encountered another UFO which we thought was a plane at first, but again no flashing lights. This one was very close and a triangle formation with 5 lights. the lights were white with a blue hue and the forward light was a light amber.

There was a large mouth of air traffic that we noticed from the time that we saw the first UFO until we arrived at our destination. Probably typical traffic for a Friday in spring especially with it being spring break most places.
