{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465140","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3437,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/140/mufon-5465140.json","updb_database_id":5465140}
{rjl} I, along with 3 other people, saw a bright object in the sky that we can't explain.

Several years ago, I filed a report with a UFO research organization whose name escapes me. I was later contacted by someone who asked a couple of follow-up questions, but the person seemed to dismiss my story on account of my age during the event, and my age when I had made the report. In their defense, I was quite young - age 8, at the event and a teenager when I contacted them. I can't blame them for being cautious. But the fact of the matter is that I saw something that I still have not been able to explain. I wish I could. I'm 34 now, and the details are still as clear as if it happened yesterday. I'd like to give this another go. 

I'm a lifelong resident of Hendersonville, North Carolina who, like many, remembers the Blizzard of 1993. I lived with my father on the family farm, which was very treacherous to travel to and from during the snow. We decided to wait out the storm at his girlfriend's house in East Flat Rock, a suburb of Hendersonville. She lived close to town and travel was less risky. The storm came and went, leaving us stranded for several days. 

When the road crews were finally able to reach our road, everybody was ready to get out, go for a drive, and restock our supplies. It was dark when we left. My father was driving, his girlfriend was in the passenger seat, and her daughter and I were in the back. 

We were traveling north along highway 176 when my father told everyone to 1look at that!1 He pulled over to the side of the road (there's now a Dollar General at the spot where we stopped) and pointed. Whatever it was had stopped moving and was just sitting there, in the sky. To me it looked like a really bright star, at first. He said that it had been moving. 

We sat and watched a bright, solid white light hovering above the horizon. After several seconds, the object began to move again. It moved slow, at first, west-to-east, then suddenly shot off in an up-and-out trajectory, streaking out of sight in less than a second. 

I have seen meteors, satellites, and have lived close enough to an airport to be familiar with all kinds of aircraft and how they move. What we saw was none of those. On that night I saw something that I have never seen before, or since. The entire event lasted two minutes, maybe less. 

I1ve considered the possibility that it was maybe a meteor ricocheting off the atmosphere, but that doesn't fit either. The object was moving when it was first discovered, then came to a full stop, and moved again at different speeds. 

I had a broad mix of emotions: confusion, fear, curiosity. I'll probably remember that night for the rest of my life.
