{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462140","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2331,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/140/mufon-5462140.json","updb_database_id":5462140}
No UFO seen

OK so I just want to write this down and record this event although to this day I have exactly no clue what it all means.

It was winter 1996 and I was pregnant with my child. I lived alone at the time and had a regular job that left me pretty exhausted when I'd go to bed. Of course as pregnant I wasn't drinking or using any drugs.

So one night, maybe 2-3 months away from my due date I was sound asleep and woke up because I needed to go to the bathroom as pregnant women do. But then I thought to myself - oh crap the aliens are in my living room and I can't really get out and go to the bathroom because they will see me. Best I stay in bed and wait until they leave - my chain of thought. I really needed the bathroom but I just wouldn't get up and go. Totally strange, I don't have a habit of behaving strange, I'm just your regular person without any mental illnesses ever.

So I went back to sleep and woke up in the morning to go to work and had to literally run for the bathroom. Then I remembered what happened in the middle of the night. I slowly walked to the living room, sneaking in on my toes but there was no one there. Nothing was disturbed. Everything was the same. I wasn't missing any time or anything.

OK so I probably made it all up? But I didn't. I don't make stuff up like that.

I knew what they looked like. No idea how but I did. 

Only years later after I watched UFO Files, Ancient Aliens etc I recognized the Greys. I had no concept of Greys at the time or what they looked like. But who I thought I saw looked exactly like that.

I have no clue what this is. No one took me anywhere. Nothing happened. I'm just convinced they were in my living room. 

That's it. I'd love an explanation.
