{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-08-05 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524140","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31750","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2739,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/140/mufon-5524140.json","updb_database_id":5524140}
Highly reflective chrome ball (sphere)

I was driving to work. It was a beautiful, sunny summer Afternoon. It was so nice out that day I had removed the T-Top off my car. 

I was traveling West on Rte. 374. As I got into the "Dip" across from Seine Bay I looked over my left shoulder. It was then I saw the object that mystified me (then and now). I remember thinking out loud "Holy 111T thats Haleys Comet". I could not believe my eyes. I pulled the car off the right side of the road and turned off the ignition.

As I inspected the object it became clear that what I was seeing was not the comet. First of all, it was far to large. From my vantage point, it looked about the same size as a basketball. Behind it was what appeared to be the tail. Which was very thick (broad), and about 8 to 10X in length versus width. The head was silver in color and reflective. 

I remembered that Haleys comet had been a bit of a disappointment to observers. It was barely visible to the naked eye at night. And what I was seeing was quite incredible. So that made me suspect. Also, there was no visible movement or motion. As I watched the object stared to change its shape, its form. The object began to separate. What appeared to be the tail, or Contrail separated. The contrail dissipated, or evaporated. Leaving a large chrome ball (sphere). From my viewpoint it hovered there, staying static. The sphere did not move. 

I watched the object until about 2:35p.m. I had to leave or be late for work. As I drove off I noticed that the sphere remained stationary. No movement at all. When I arrived at work I contemplated reporting the sighting to public relations at Plattsburgh Air force base. I told a few of my fellow officers about my experience. I received the standard ridicule. So that stopped me from reporting to anyone. Well until now.

I fancy myself a bit of an aviation buff. I was a pilot. I have seen all different kinds of aircraft in various stages of flight. In daylight and darkness. On that day in 1986, I saw something that I could not identify. Not then, not now. Maybe one day I will know what it was. I go on hoping.
