{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-08-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483140","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76796","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2876,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/140/mufon-5483140.json","updb_database_id":5483140}
{dr}Seen some people that what we thought were kids playing on swing sets and went to go see who it was.

Seven of us were joy riding in my dads car,I was driving. It was about 10 p.m. on a summer night. We came up to a stop sign and noticed that there were (what we thought were kids) playing on the swing sets at the grade school. Which was about a half a block away. I pulled up at the school and whoever it was, was gone. 
I pulled up into the horseshoe drive all the way and thats when we seen it. Hovering above the tree line. I could see the outline and the color was white. There was two white lights at each end of the wing tips. Everybody started to scream and holler Go! Go! Go! and then the third light lit up..kind of. Its opened almost like an eye pupil. Like dialating. The light was an orange color.I floored the gas pedal and we spun out of there quick. I didnt hear it make any noise because we had a little boom box in the car. We were listening to Metallica and the song Green Hell was playing. Plus everybody screaming and crying.
We went to my friend's house and she told her dad about it. He grabbed a flashlight and we went back. He went into the woods and found nothing. He went home and we all went to a local pizza place,told other friends about it and drew pictures of what we seen. We all saw the same thing.
It was getting late and the pizza place was closing. So I went to go start the car and it was making a horrible noise. Like if you were to keep turning the ignition when the car was already running. Everybody took off running like it was gonna explode! My friend's brother opened the hood and unhooked the battery. Had to leave the car there and walk home. I have never been so terrified walking home alone. When I got home my dad wasnt home but my mom was. I told her about it and she didnt say anythhing. I heard my dad come in later on that night and he was angry. Telling me I better go get his car. My mom told him that we seen something and he didnt believe any of it. I couldnt sleep all that night. 
In the next few days I heard that there was other sightings. Not in the same place but within a few mile radius. 
I guess that I should add that the school was on a lakefront, and that one of the other sightings was above a lake.
