{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-08-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490140","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69454","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3269,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/140/mufon-5490140.json","updb_database_id":5490140}
{rjl} Dull black triangle. Silent. Red and blue lights on object.

On the night of August 14th in I believe 1990, my best friend and I were hanging out outside our apartment building when one of us noticed a very slow moving or possibly stationery black object in the S.W. sky, which at the time was the direction of the Indianapolis, IN airport. We watched the object trying to figure out what it could be. We would see the object for a minute or so and it would slowly move out of our line of site due to trees blocking our view. After a short time, we would see the object again above the tree line and it again would hoover and move slowly. We watched the object over approximately an hours time. When we first noticed the craft, it was moving very, very slowly east from what appeared just above the area of West Washington Street and the I-465 ramp. We seen the object move East then lost site of it due to trees, so the object was probably about 100-150 off the ground. After we lost site of the object the first time, we seen the object several minutes later, this time at a closer distance and now travelling west this time. It seemed to continue this path east and west a few more times before the sightings stopped around 1:00am on August 15th. I recall talking about the craft having red and blue lights but do not recall if they were solid or flashing or if there were any other colors. I am certain about the date being August 14th because my birthday was the next day, however, the year could have been 1991 instead of 1990. I remember talking to my dad when he arrived home around 1:00 - 1:30am on the 15th and described the object. He dismissed it as a UFO due to it having lights, he stated if it was a UFO, they would not draw attention to themselves by having colored lights. He also stated that UFO's would not be so close to a major airport (a mile or less away). My fiend observed everything I saw and jokingly ran out to the street, jumped up and down, waived his arms yelling "me...me..me" but we never spoke about the event after that night. Being 12 years old, we did not feel afraid for some reason. Some years later, I seen the militaries new Stealth jet and recall it looked similar to what we had seen, however, the object we seen was completely silent(at least from our distance), living that close to a busy airport, we would see and hear commercial jets countless times a day and from that distance the sound of a jet would be extremely loud and we would have felt the vibration as well. Also, the craft was much lower that a jet or plane would be and was moving very slowly (maybe 10mph) and appeared to hoover in mid air on a few occasions.
