{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-01-08 18:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486140","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/140/mufon-5486140.json","updb_database_id":5486140}
Remained large and coming towars us for a few seconds then shot up to a

I was at my family home getting ready to go to All-District Orchestra at Memorial High School. My older sister who was a senior in high school was going to drive me since I did not have my driver's license yet. My sister had recently told our mother about a sighting she had and said after the initial sighting they were following her on several occasions. I was sick of hearing about it and would not believe it until I saw for myself. 

So this particular evening was a Thursday night a little bit after 6:00 PM. My sister and I walked out of the front door and I was heading to the passenger side of the car, opening the door when my sister blurted out, "Don't look now, but there's one up there." Of course I looked up and in the eastern sky saw a diamond-shaped vehicle with white lights all around the middle traveling the same like as our street towards us. My sister said, "Don't act afraid - they know when you are afraid." We both got into the car. I was saying, "Oh, my God. Oh, my God!" She started the car and started pulling out of the driveway. What really got me at that moment was that there were kids playing out in the street, but no one noticed the craft; the kids were just waiting for us to get our car out of the street so they could continue playing their game of kick ball. 

We began heading away from it down the street (towards the west), I was looking back at it and it kept coming in our direction. We got to the end of our street and sat at the stop sign and I continued looking back and observing it. Then in a split second it shot across the sky towards the north (the right side of our car) and into a "satellite form" and travelled quickly and eventually disappeared into a cloud. 

We then turned left to continue onto our destination. I got to my orchestra rehearsal and was so excited about what I had just seen. I walked in and started telling some of the people there what I had just seen, but no one seemed interested at all. I felt this was a very important thing I had seen.

Four days later I wrote about the experience on a piece of paper, drew a sketch of the craft and signed and dated what I had witnessed. I actually wrote "I witnessed seeing the 'wonderful' sight..." I still have the paper to this day, 46 years later.  

My sister has the other part of the story, which is how she came to encounter them in the first place.
