{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-06 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530140","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/140/mufon-5530140.json","updb_database_id":5530140}
Big, fast triangular craft w/ bright white lights seen near Paris Mt.

Big, Triangular shaped aircraft. Bright white lights on the front/rear of craft(3 to 7 lights in all). Traveling S/SW over Paris Mt. toward Greenville's historic West End. 

I was co-hosting a labor-day bonfire at a friends' house. We were all in the backyard. Some of us were sitting or standing facing the fire and some were sitting/standing facing away from the fire. I was tending the fire and dividing my attention between the conversations and the music that we had playing at low level. My friends' brother had walked a little ways up the hill toward the house and something caught his attention. Whatever he said exactly, I don't know but he caught my attention. I looked up to the area where he was standing and could see right where he was looking. I looked and couldn't see anything moving for a split second and then I saw it tracking from right to left very quickly. I said something excitedly and began moving up the hill towards my friend while watching this object. A few people were wondering what we were yammering on about since they hadn't seen this thing. The aircraft seemed to be triangular in shape. I say this due to the position of the 3 to 7 bright white lights(one at the tip and two rear points of the craft and maybe as many as 4 on the rear edges of the craft). No reflection from the city below could be seen on the aircraft but the bright light of the craft gave it definition. Now I was running toward the front yard and saw a good five to six seconds of the object before it went past the tree-line. After making it to the front yard I saw no more of the aircraft but did see an approaching aircraft that would have been at or near the same altitude and flying toward the area the object had just departed. The object may have been as much as 2-3 miles away from my location and was maybe no higher than 1k to 2k ft. in the air. Helicopters and small aircraft seem to fly in the same altitude range as this craft. While only two of us saw the craft we asked the other folks if they had seen or heard anything at all while this took place. No one else saw the object and all of us agreed that there had been no sound.

My friend agreed to send me a short account in his own words for this report. here is what he had to say:

"I was staring into the night sky looking for shooting stars and what I thought was a shooting star was the front light of the air craft, then I followed the rest of air craft and noticed the four lights in the rear. The aircraft was also going at a very fast speed and no engine thrust sound what so ever.The air craft was a triangle shaped with no signs of color at all."

I'm attaching two sketches of the craft. Please bear in mind this is only a best representation of what we saw. The actual body shape and the number of lights could be very different. Also, after discussing this event with the other witness, we both agreed we saw no sign of jets/afterburners.
