{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-24 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505140","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3222,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/140/mufon-5505140.json","updb_database_id":5505140}
{rjl} Bright star-like, wavering light with occasional flash of colored light. Viewed through binoculars, we saw separate bright lights (white, red, blue, and green) with a small amount of black space in between.

I was looking out my bedroom window toward the southeast while getting ready for bed. It was about 8:45 pm. There was no cloud cover, which is unusual for this area. I saw what I thought was an airplane because it was bright, and I kept seeing flashes of color, mostly red flashes. I waited to see which direction the aircraft was flying. I noticed that it was moving slightly but it didn't move continuously in any direction, with the end result being that it stayed in the same relative position. Then I though it might me flying towards me, but it didn't get larger. 

I would take my eyes away to do other things, then looked back. I kept seeing flashes of color, and couldn't think of an explanation for those. At one pont I saw a small moving pont of light fly into, behind, or in front of this brighter light and I didn't see it reappear on the other side.

Then I decided to look at it through binoculars, and to ask my husband to look at it also. It seemed strange enough that I should pursue it somehow. He looked at it with his eyes, then with one eye through a single eyepiece of some binoculars. I asked him if he thought it looked strange. He said, "yes, very." He described it as looking like a little Christmas ball with colored lights flashing around it. It appeared to him like it was moving towards him. He gave me a better pair of binoculars and when I first looked through those, I was really surprised to see multiple colored lights in a clump, bight primary colors: white, red, green, and blue. I also saw black space in between the lights. The whole bundle of lights seemed to be moving slightly...up, down, back and forth, and I saw trails from the colored lights. I watched this for several minutes.

I turned on my "Sky Watch" app, pointed my phone in the general direction of the light. The only thing that seemed to correspond, position-wise to what I was looking at was the star Sirius. It was downward and to the left of the Big Dipper. But even if I was looking at Sirius, a binary star, how could that explain the multiple colored lights that we saw? And if it was one of those new drones that are out there nowadays, it seems like it should have moved off at some point. So I was stumped. I tried to photograph, then take a video of it but those didn't reveal the interesting details. The light was still there an hour later when I got tired of looking at it and went to bed.
