{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-15 11:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528185","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2626,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/185/mufon-5528185.json","updb_database_id":5528185}
Daytime object hovering/stationary at 2x plane height, drifts up or out of site

I will never think poorly of people trying to film UFO objects again, even in day and when they seem to have plenty of time to do a good job. 

I performed poorly I saw this while standing in backyard about 45 minutes ago. Got binoculars, odd not moving in any direction almost stationary. Seemed at least twice as far away as jets flying into Phoenix. almost directly overhead..perhaps directly over city of west Chandler. 

Finally got husband and video camera and tried to film and get him to look, he did and said oh and went back in. See how bad the video is, as camera was set on auto focus and very hard for it to focus in such bright sky and I could see nothing in the viewfinder screen in bright day ... 

anyway there are about 8 or so frames with this still photo level of resolution...actually I can't say if there was one object or two b/c the shape changed while watching and video shows one.. then seemingly two..not sure if that is digital artifact or not.

and then about 15 frames with the object zoomed out...a bunch of bad footage and another spot with several frames. Here is original media and also the still I pulled. Again sorry to all who have to endure really bad video.

you will see it in first few seconds, again about half way, and then closer and brighter series of frames after that. You are welcome to original file. using Panasonic handycam with up to I think 35x zoom (I think digital zoom turned off)

I think for some time I thought, got to be a ballon of some kind (we get many here, but they are close and brightly colored and drift well below airline path).

So, guess I better clean the lens, set up tripod and be poised again perhaps tommorrow? I have run back outside now four times..nada!
