{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-10 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496185","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63225","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/185/mufon-5496185.json","updb_database_id":5496185}
{nd} The object appeared to be a series of large colorful lights that seemed to be part of the same larger structure. There were also smaller white blinking lights on the top and bottom. Very low in a descending direction.

I was driving home going in a NW direction on W. Waterloo Rd in Canal Winchester Ohio around 9:35 in the evening. I witnessed a large low flying object on what looked like a downwards gradual path moving in a westward direction. The object looked like five or six large colorful lights arranged in a crescent shape with two smaller white flashing lights on the top and bottom edge. The lights seemed to be part of the same object but I was not sure of the shape of the object because of my point of view. I might have seen its closer edge from an oblique angle. The object moved in a straight path across a rural yet somewhat busy highway and over a shopping center. As I moved in relation to the object it appeared to stay on a straight path and it was on my right and eventually was in front of my field of vision as I moved in relation to it. As the object was over the area of the shopping center, it appeared to slow or stop moving either because it actually hovered or it appeared to hover because of my point of view in relation to the moving object. It was noticeably large and low but was unclear to what it actually was. I am familiar with many types of aircraft and it didn't seem like anything I had seen before. At first I thought a plane was going down. It was moving about as fast as a normal helicopter but didn't look like a normal helicopter. After I saw the object over the shopping center it was out of my vision for a moment as I had to turn while driving my car and I could not see it again in the area where it had been.
