{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-02 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502185","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56830","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2369,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/185/mufon-5502185.json","updb_database_id":5502185}
{dr}Fishing with friend, saw plane lots of red lights, it stopped, went straight down, then up, then diagonally, then towards nuke plant. I flashed headlamp, it flashed white back, then I flashed twice, and so did it. Flash white only, I shut my lamp off.

I was on Plymouth beach at night and observed a płane with a lot of red lights, about 3-5. It traveled normal then stopped. It then appeared as one red star, went down, up, 2 diagonal perpendicular paths, all 4 paths appeared same distance. It continued on, but only looked like a red star not a plane, I flashed a light at it, it stopped and blinked a white light once. There was a pause, it blinked once again brighter, I flashed twice, so it flashed twice. I did not fłash again, and kept repeating silently with thought my desire to be left alone politely. At this point it was very close to the pilgrim energy station, and it started from the NW. I was a believer beforehand, as it was happening, I COULDN'T BELIEVE IT, that's why I flashed at it, when it responded with the white light I FROZE. I ch1se not to accept it even after its odd trajectory, until the red star flashed at me in white, it only used white light to flash, a total of 4 times, 1. Flash at 2 brightness scales, and two flashes once, after that I didn't look at it again, I looked away and chose to deny its existence. Another attested to have also witnessed it. I heard a pulsating tunnel effect like sound off the water, always below its prescience. I tried to film it, it looked very small, and it showed one diagonal shooting star like path NE, took another video previous to seeing it, and after noticed a red star, I did erase both videos out of speculation, and just to put it out of my mind, I did not want to be judged for what I know I saw.
