{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462185","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98825","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2980,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/185/mufon-5462185.json","updb_database_id":5462185}
{tjd} sm round lights go into an upside down stadium- like object w. lights shoots off

I was outside my house in rural ny on my deck in the backyard at about midnightish. I was thinking to myself how cool it would be to be a military soldier on another planet, mars specifically. I'm sitting on a wooden rocking chair and I see what seems to be the streetlight through an 1/8th mile of wooded area and across the street. The light grew much brighter than anything I could identify, then it came from where it was into my backyard woods area, semi thick wooded area with many trees, wildlife etc. I thought it was a drone and then the light split into for lights and started hover/ flying in geometric patterns about 10ft-50ft off the ground. This went on for about 1-2 minutes and I remember thinking if I go and get my phone or cam they will leave. the lights are white ate this point and I thought this was the coolest drone on the market with sub drones that shoot out from it. I thought it was on a pre-programmed flight organized by a genius.
The 4-6 softball to basketball sized orb lights go from geometrical patterns to what looks like completely independent flight paths. for about 30 secs. Then the lights started to move in a pattern like it was unfolding a super flexible stairway, the lights began to be a reddish orange, starting to act like runway lights blinking from top light down to bottom 1/2 sec between blinks. 
I believe at this point I lost time because I went from standing on the northern most edge of my deck looking north and then the next thing i remember is sitting back on the chair where I was originally sitting on my deck facing north west. I got up out of the chair and couldn't help the lights over me. I look up and see what I can only describe as Yankee stadium flipped upside down directly over my head maybe 300-500 ft in the air. There were hundreds of lights of all sizes and shapes, mostly round and uniform. It had to be a few miles long. it covered my entire view of the sky for about 1-2 min. The whole ordeal took about 10 min all together. I felt no fear and only a sense of wonder and curiosity. I have nothing but a million questions concerning every aspect of what I witnesses. psychologically meh from it. Think about it constantly. Then I had another sighting a week later of a much shorter duration and a very negative vibration.
