{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-15 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517185","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40846","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/185/mufon-5517185.json","updb_database_id":5517185}
{dr}Observed 3 distinct solid red-white glowing objects pass together west to east over house. Silent. Same color approaching from west and leaving east. Disappeared suddenly after 1 minute.

Dexter, MI: Around 2210hrs on 07-15-2012 my daughter (17yoa) and wife (45yoa) heard fireworks nearby (as did I). They looked out the 2nd story window in front of our home to look for the fireworks when they noticed 3 red-orange glowing objects traveling directly towards our home over the neighborhood (we are on higher ground) in a west to east direction. 

The objects traveled together at the same speed and formation. As the objects crossed over our home, the girls ran downstairs to our back deck and called for me (45yoa). I ran out onto our back deck and immediately noticed 2 bright red-white glowing objects (about the size of a baseball in the sky) traveling east from our house. They were silent with no noise at about 80 degrees from our deck and heading towards the distance (over the treeline but still high enough to see them). 

The glow/illumination was constant and both daughter/wife said the coloring was the same approaching our home as it was when they passed over and traveled away from our home.

It was hard to judge height and size due to clear night skies but if they were far away, they were traveling at an extremely high speed with no noise. If they were closer to the ground, they were cruising at a slow speed with no sound whatsoever. 

As they got farther away (about the size of an aspirin), one object disappeared and shortly thereafter the other object disappeared.

There were no blinking lights (aircraft) though there were other planes visible in the distance in several locations (higher altitudes and at different angles). They were closer than any planes in the sky.

Checked YouTube videos and found exactly what we saw - Feb 16, 2011 (Murraysville, PA) - they looked just like in the video but closer.
