{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-02-12 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456185","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105412","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/185/mufon-5456185.json","updb_database_id":5456185}
{jpg} Continuous sighting ending in lost time, Mesquite Ca near Crucero Ca

Myself and my friend were in the California desert at an old railroad town called Mesquite (he is a pilot and does not want to ever talk about this, I think it’s time. I’m in the medical field and have a reputation to protect but it serves no one if I keep this to myself). 
We planned to spend a few days at his ranch cabin there. The second morning We noticed a cylinder shaped object with marble textures stationary in the sky about 400 feet off the ground south of our position. The area is close to the 29 palms Marine Corps Air Station so when we saw that we wrote it off as a military asset. It stayed stationary and made no sound. Weird but we thought they must be testing a new technology. It stayed there all day. We occasionally throughout the would look over and check if it was still hanging there... yep there and no sound, no heat signature. 
Mid afternoon we thought we would loop the valley and look at this thing from a different perspective since it was just hanging there all day. We road our ATVs to the East looping to the west. It was still in the air stationary on this journey. I’m not sure how or why but the last thing I remember was riding the ATV and the next thing I know we both are waking up laying down on the seat and handle bars of each ATV. Now late afternoon by this time...Weird. I looked across the valley to where my friends cabin is and the cylinder was previously located.... now it was gone. 
We started our ATVs and rode back to the cabin. We didn’t talk about it. And I really don’t know why come to think of it.
Fast forward to 2019 I was surfing the net and I came across and image of a UFO 🛸 that was cylinder shaped and I my jaw dropped... that’s the same MF craft I had seen.... this has prompted me to at least tell this story. Hopefully my reputation won’t be ruined.
I have the satellite image of the Mesquite valley, the pin drop is where the cabin is and the red X is where the object hovered. 
I added an image of a marble cylinder that is very close in proportion to the length and width of the object. The color was more reddish pink rusty color if that makes any sense.
I don’t know what it was and I have a even harder time understanding why we woke up facing the sky on each of our quads... just weird!
Thanks for listening.
