{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-22 19:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523185","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32791","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3295,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/185/mufon-5523185.json","updb_database_id":5523185}
Observed several craft of two different types in the Romeoville area

As I was driving home to Joliet on I-355 from Chicagoabout a mile from the ramp for I-55 South I noticed a red light up ahead that I thought may be on a tower but as I got closer It appeared to hover right over the expressway and as I passed it I had to hang my head out the window to look up and get a better look but all I saw was a bright red light like that of a laser. I was going to turn around and hope it was still there to get a picture but while driving south down I-55 I noticed three star like craft in a triagle formation. I continued to drive and exited the Bolingbrook ramp in hopes to find a quiet area to take pictures but there was too much traffic in the area and no place to really situate myself so I got back onto I-55 and I noticed now there were only two in a side by side formation and the 3rd one traveled somewhat south of the other two. I continued to drive and got off the Weber Road exit. I drove about 1/2 mile and pulled into a subdivision and noticed some people standing on the corner so I figured I would find another spot to take pictures. I pulled out of the subdivision and Back onto Weber Road I quickly saw a mini mall to the right north of Airport Rd and pulled into the back of the lot but right before I turned for a split second I saw what resembled a falling star but then I thought no it cant be so the next thing I can compare it to is when a firework hot ash comes down from the sky but goes out before touching the ground. This happened only about 20 feet in front of my vehicle, very strange. So I pulled behind a minni mall and then starts the light show. The craft turns blue purple red blue purple red and starts to move forward toward me then I see another craft decend and then raising up and then back down behind another subdivision across Airport Road which would be south of where I was. I headed out south out of the parking lot west down Airport Road then south turning into the subdivision all while watching this color show. When I pulled into the subdivision on Ritchfield Trail activity seemed to stop I made a right down Fiddyment Drive and when I peered between two houses I seen the craft raise up just enough that I was able to see something in the shape of a lopsided v there was a blue arm and a shorter red arm, but as fast as I saw it it was gone. The next thing I notice is a diamond shaped craft flying overhead west to east. I down Ritchfield Trail south back behind the subdision to see if I could see anything but I got scared and turned back. There seemed to be several of these craft in the area. I also have pictures and I recorded some of it on my phone.
