{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-17 18:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113773","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5289582.json","updb_database_id":5289582}
3 different lights in the sky, dark, moved oddly

Twice now, in a week, in the same area I witnessed something strange. It was not a plane of any sort, but I'm not sure if it was a ufo, but i feel something strange is happening. I take the same road to and from work to home on a daily basis. Recent sighting I was leaving work at 6pm. Going into Centreville Delaware, i noticed something in the sky to my right. It was dark and hovering with a blue light a red light and orange like. It floated above me as I drove and the lights went in a pulsated movement. As i continued to drive i made a left turn to continue home and then all of a sudden it was in the sky above me to my left. I thought i lost it in the tree lines but as i continued on the trees opened up and then it vanished. Just disappeared. A week prior at 535 am i was driving near the same road to head to work and i saw something in the sky to my left. At first i thought it was a plane but it just hovered in the sky with no movement. The lights were white and blue and they lit up in a sequence. The left one lit up, then shut off then the middle lit up, shut off and then the right and then it continued like that. I thought that it was strange, an airplane that im aware of does not do that. I continued to drive and went through a bridge then it appeared to hover on my right side and then it vanished, just like that. It made me think i was crazy. It was so odd to me. I hope to see it again and hopefully be prepared to take some sort of evidence. Maybe it can be debunked? Or maybe i saw a ufo! I just thought i would share.
