{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-30 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77374","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3249,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5482582.json","updb_database_id":5482582}
{jpg} what at first appeared as a star, noticed slight movement, then pronounced movement, then continued onward at slow steady unwaivering pace

Last evening I was traveling on State Hwy 163, which runs N/S from Comstock, Texas to Ozona/Sonora. It was completely moonless. I had stopped along the roadside, admiring the unobstructed view of the stars - West Texas -RURAL - no ambient light = D.A.R.K. I had stopped at the base of a low hill that raised About 200' immediately to the west... I noticed what appeared to be a fairly bright 'star'... when said object moved; very slightly, but yup that bugger moved??? a few moments later it moved again, a slight jog to the north then immediately back to original position. Forgot top mention that there was a semi-steady 10-15 mph breeze, not heavy, but a breeze from the SE; which is standard for this time of year... I have spent many a night on this road in years past, but only a few this year... Back to story; Now the object makes a much more pronounced move, again, in a straight line to the north, but much further and faster, then back, pause, and now to the left. OK; it is a drone... someone is on the top of the hill working a drone. This is a high traffic area for INS, there is a large complex in Comstock... someone is operating a drone, watching traffic down on this road... I have a decently strong flashlight that I begin to shine at the 'drone', holding steady, turning on and off etc... the 'drone' now begins to make long 'verticle' slightly arcing movements. When I was younger there were little gasoline powered planes - not remote controlled mind you, but tethered and this is the motion that would best describe what I saw; tight arcs two or three, then returning to a semi stable 'base' but moving much like i would think a drone might... perhaps the operator was acknowledging my presence as I thought that at one point it did move towards my direction. at this point I decided to drive about 1-1.5 miles north. This took me to a clear view on the back side of the hill; the object was clearly not anywhere near the hill but in deed MUCH further away, higher in the sky from this vantage, now about 60degrees and holding steady. I watched for a few moments but saw no movement, steady as a star... Headed back south, stopped at same point. Notice of movement, not anywhere as much as before... over the next 30-40 minutes the object held a steady path that seemed to follow the Rio Grande/Mexico Border. Traveling some distance. VERY smooth, no wobbles as i might expect from a blimp... VERY slow for an air born drown - but what do I know... anyway thats my story and i'm sticking to it!
