{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3012,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5468582.json","updb_database_id":5468582}
{cak} Orange ball hovered above friends and I then vanished after it slowly left

Friends and I decide to out and smoke a bowl in a wash barely outside of town at about 8pm. We pull up and shut the car off and get out, friend starts loading bowl when one of us notices this orangeish orb hovering above us(its night time so we were looking up at the stars, I cant recall if I saw it or if it was someone else). I start to panic and say we need to leave it could harm us. Friend that has the bowl loading stuff says no its fine lets just watch it. So me and another friend start recording this thing with our crappy phone video that barely even picks it up on camera. When i first saw the object i just got a bad feeling. It just didnt belong there. there was no explanation for why it there. I honestly dont remember what i thought it was. i just knew it didn't seem good. The actions of the orb were as follows, It hovered above us and our car at over 50ft and then slowly started moving south when it just disappeared almost like a streak of light . but there was no streak it was like the orb took of at great speeds. I felt pretty freaked out about even after we smoked. It was such a surreal experience, i went home and didnt really give it much thought. Told some people about what happened and of course they blammed it on smoking or hallucination(besides my mother who also tells me stories about seeing ufo's but nothing like being hovered above.) But me and my friends know what we saw was a real phenomena. We've only discussed it a couple of times. Mostly me just asking if they remember what happened and they nod and say yeah.
I encountered this orb once again about a two years ago now. I was by myself on a sort of mesa overlooking a town. It was during a tail end of a meteor shower and was pretty late, I would say around 10:30pm. I got into the back of my car to smoke, put a youtube video on to play and all of a sudden it felt like my car was violently shaking like it was going over bumps as a high speed. i felt the urge to look up like it would tell me what was happening. and it was like i made contact with the orb before it took off like a shooting star, only this time it had a visible trailing. like it was trying to disguise itself as a meteor. right after that happened I freaked out and called my mom and asked what I should do. she asked if I wanted to come over and calm down which I obliged.
