{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4203,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5486582.json","updb_database_id":5486582}
Evidence of Alien Technology Taken in Chichen Itza on 8/1/15

On August 1st, 2015 was vacationing in Cancun Mexico and visited the Chichen Itza Mayan ruins that day with two other friends. Also, August 1st, was the day of the Blue-moon. I took many pictures and recordings with my cell phone that day in various areas around the ruins, as hundreds of people did. I did not see nor hear anything out of the norm that day. Just took beautiful pictures of the ruins.

The following morning I woke up and picked up up my cell phone -Samsung Note 4- to review the pictures and footage from the day before, my trip to Chichen Itza. There was one video recording I took which really stood out. What I captured is probably some of the most clear UFO/Extraterrestrial technology evidence ever recorded on film.

The recording is of me standing near the center of the ball court where Mayan priest would play the ball game of death. there are two straight solid walls, one to my left and right. Both walls have one ring six meters high where the ball had to go through. I hit play to start recording and spun around to take a 360 degree recording of the ball court and took 23 seconds of video/audio. Between the 1 and 2 second mark I captured a boomerang shaped object fly out of the wall near the ring to my left which was no more that 25-30 yards away from me. Once the object exited the wall it changes size and shape. The object then flew over our heads faster than the speed of sound as it changed shape. 

The Wall - The wall is solid but the object came out of the wall where there was a really dark stain on the wall, similar to what they call desert varnish at the Grand Canyon. You can see a gray "v" shaped object traveling from a distance INSIDE THE WALL and get larger as it gets closer. It almost looks like the "v" shaped object is flying in space behind the wall. the small "v" shaped object then exits the wall, almost as if it crossed a portal or worm hole. As if the wall was hollow.

Once it exits the wall - Once the small "v"shaped object exits the wall it seem to turn towards the wall and slow down, almost like hitting it's air-breaks. At the same time it hits it's "air-breaks" the object flips and becomes much larger in size and turn from a small gray "v" to a large black boomerang shaped object. The object then flies over our head much faster than the speed of sound. I use the word "flies" loosely as it looked like it was tumbling or coming in and out of space/time/reality.All this happens in .5 seconds. When you do a frame by frame on a high end computer, there are 10 video frames of the object. In 8 of 10 frames the object changes shape. See the attached drawings of all the shapes it takes. 

The footage is High Resolution and you can see the details as clear as day, especially when you see the footage in 3D. You can see the texture of the object, even the light of the sun reflecting off the metal surface. You can also see a reddish-brown membrane type of material, as well an antennae, the antennae has a ball at the end. I asked many locals if they have ever seen any birds, bats or insects which look or fly as fast as the object captured on film? Every single one of the locals said "no" and followed up that I had captured evidence of an extraterrestrial craft. It looks almost like a drone. It breaks many laws of physics, it does not make a sound nor cast a shadow.  

The video has been Copy Righted and cannot be shared without my consent.
