{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-07-04 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3331,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5455582.json","updb_database_id":5455582}
{tjd} I was 12 when I saw the spaceship,it was 1965.I lived in Colliville Il. The ship was hovering above my head.I saw a long window,half red and half Blue

I was 12 years old. It was 1965 at dust in the summer. I saw the bottom of this oval thing it had a long door a long square door,nothing on it. This was big, it was in the middle of this oval. It was a spaceship,at the time I did not know about spaceships, I found out when Lost in space came on Tv.

I was very afraid and I froze I just could not made my legs move and I was really trying to .I was under there forever it seemed, no sound anywhere. I thought it might open and they would get me.I finally heard a sound a clunking sound I heard it twice. I ran out from under it, but stopped and turned around to look at it. The spaceship had a very large window or two together One half looked to have a red window lit from the inside, the other side had a blue window lit from the inside. Their were two hairy creature hair all over them, they stood very straight with very long arms .I could not see their faces very well as the windows were tinted or something. After looking at them a few minute's I decided I should run into my house and look from inside my home. I ran inside to the window and they were gone.

Their were woods behind my home, as a kid I walked through the woods a few miles two maybe and it went up a large hill.I would play in these large holes in sand it looked like a bomb had gone off their we would run slid down these large walls to the flat bottom.They were very big compared to me. Their were four of them, just the same size .I do not know why that was the only place with sand.When I got older I wondered if the spaceship did these holes when they landed perhaps.

At 15 I knew the spaceship was coming it just popped in my head that they were coming. I was on my bike not far from home, I stopped got off my bike and just kept looking up, it seemed like a long time 15 or 20 minutes before I saw them, they did not come right over me, but not that far,The sun was bright and I could not see them well till they flew downward the sun was hitting the top of the ship it was a light silver and a circle on the top in the middle,it was flat, they were just a bit over the tree tops .I do not understand how they told me or why.
They were heading in the direction to were the sand holes were.
