{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-08 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117822","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2289,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5285582.json","updb_database_id":5285582}
Appeared to be strobe lighting , double pulse

Sept 8th 0500 North Northeast approx 50 degrees elevation, dark clear night, constellation Ursa Major.
I have extensive aviation knowledge and understand the lighting on aircraft, where and why ect. Initially I thought I was looking at two commercial aircraft flying from the West normal trans Atlantic early morning traffic.
The aircraft above the lights had a contrail and was moving normally the other had similar strobe lighting ( double pulse ) and was initially moving at the same speed with no contrail so assumed at a lower altitude. The commercial aircraft moved off to the East while the lights seemed to slow, I triangulated the lights visually with the other stars in Ursa Major and determined it was stationary. The observation was approx 5mins, may have been there longer. The intensity of the strobing was equivalent to an aircraft below 10,000ft in a night sky, colour predominantly white may have had another colour but difficult to determine. Lights then disappeared .
Initially I was convinced this was an aircraft but the lights would not have disappeared eithen if turning to the North, not a helicopter as would have heard some sound with the lights at the intensity they were, not a Satellite. All aircraft lights are observable colour and strobe depending on the angle you are observing at and do not switch off at any time this would be illegal especially so close to LHR TCA.. After the lights disappeared there where two other white flashes / blinks away to the East in different locations approx 3-5 mins after. This was a clear dark night sky , no cloud cover , quiet.
With my experience I cant think what this would have been.
