{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5488582.json","updb_database_id":5488582}
{jpg} Huge

I was driving home from work (I was enlisted in the Army at the time, roughly July of 1997, a generator and vehicle mechanic with a Secret clearance and had earned multiple awards/recognition's) when driving down the road, I noticed multiple lights that were pulsating at odd/irregular intervals. Upon coming to an intersection, I stopped, shut my car off and got out to look at the lights. There was barely enough sunlight for me to drive without using my headlights. I stared at the lights, thinking they were Army helicopters (blackhawks, quite common at Fort Drum, NY at the time), but there weren't any flashing lights (red/green to indicate direction of aircraft), they were to close to be flying in any type of formation, and there was absolutely NO noise. If they were indeed helicopters, I would've heard the engines (as there was between 3-8 lights pulsating on and off in a "V" shape, staying in the "V" shape the entire time, and I was close enough that I would've heard a single helicopter engine, even a smaller one like that of an OH-58 series). I thought that they might be flares from Soldiers doing a field exercise, but flares when launched, will slowly float to the ground, and are a bright white - these lights maintained their altitude. They weren't planes...again, no noise and not red/green lights. Besides that, the "V" shaped (which was a very wide "V") object moved slowly, seemed to stop, turn a little, move slowly, turn a little, move forward. I swear that it moved towards me, stopped, turned directly to me, made all of it's lights glow, then ascended slowly, as if it saw me and was just slowly "sneaking" away, and disappeared. While I couldn't see any specifics of the object itself (exact color, texture, windows, markings etc.), I could barely make out the outline of the front of it. It had to be at least 300 feet side to side, if not more. Simply put - I was in awe over seeing it, and not being able to tell what it was. I knew it was a UFO, as there was/is no other explanation for something that size, moving like it did, and not making any noise at all. After doing a lot of reading/research, I've learned that Military bases are frequently visited by UFO's, which is why, some 18 years later, I've decided to share this with MUFON. Hopefully, someone will be able to collaborate this sighting. I'll include screen shots of Google Maps depicting where I was, where the UFO was, and the direction that the UFO was heading. The object I saw was nearly identical to the "V" shaped UFO over Phoenix in March of 1997. Of course, I didn't realize that until years later, thanks to Google images when I googled "V shaped UFO", and it came up with a picture and a caption. I'm a professional photographer now, and still have my Secret clearance. And no, I'm not crazy.
