{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29099","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5526582.json","updb_database_id":5526582}
Orange Shperes

Was about to check iPod touch for push messages for emails (located on table by window), when I spotted orange coloured lights(Shperes) in the sky, at first thought maybe planes, but there were no flashing lights that are typical on aircraft, so I posted what I was seeing on my Facebook page. Someone suggested lanterns, but there was no "flickering" as you would expect to find in lanterns and given they seemed to be flying in formation, I didn't understand how lanterns could move so slowly without the "flicker" of a candle,:let alone that they were all travelling in a straight line horizontally. Went to bedroom window and noticed there were about 6 at first, then more followed; all moving at the same speed (slowly) and many followed for about 15 mins. More just kept coming (about 50 in total- I had posted "hundreds" on my Facebook page- as I was stunned at there being so many). I opened the window, to find out if there was any noise, but there was silence. They all seemed to be following one. It's like they were "floating in silence but with a direction and all at the same speed". Bright Orange coloured spheres that also seemed to (at exactly the same time)seemed to change to green underneath (all at the same time); it just seemed weird that they were all moving at exactly the same speed, and completely in silence (since I had opened the window to find out if I could hear anything-but there was silence). Relatively close (close enough to be able to tell that they were large and Spherical). My camera hadn't been charged (as I rarely use it and I don't have a mobile/cell phone) but it is documented on my Facebook page during the sighting. I got a torch (flash-light) and began flashing it in their direction through the window(sounds silly I know). I wasn't scared; if anything I was hoping they would spot my flash-light (I would have no problem if they were actual UFO's, I would gladly go). Afterwards, I kept posting comments on my Facebook account, as I was very excited (in a good/healthy way). I have always been fascinated by the UFO phenomenon, but this is the first time I have witnessed anything first hand. I may state-I wasn't drinking (I haven't had a drink in over 3 yrs) or under the influence of any drugs. After about 15 mins I went to get my camera (as when I first spotted them I plugged in my camera in to charge it)and returned to my bedroom window, but they had simply disappeared. I went to the window at the top of the stairs at a different part of my flat (window view would have been able too see them if they continued in the same flight pattern-only a 45 degree angle difference)but they had simply just "vanished". I know there will be doubters, or people who mock me, but I don't care-I know what I saw, and I stand behind it 100%. Camera is now fully charged, and I will be paying attention (with more interest from now on) to the skies above.
