{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-17 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2372,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5493582.json","updb_database_id":5493582}
Observed the very large silent triangle go from north to south at slow pace then just disapear.

I was at a friends apt on the balcony having a cigarette when I saw a very large triangle moving from the north over the building. It had six yellow lights on the bottom of the object that were large and just on. I watched it move across the sky at a slow pace and making no sounds what so ever. It moved south past the building and towards what we call the mountain which is just the upper part of the city up a hill. It was inline with a large star and then just disapeared. We have an airport in my city and can see planes taking off and landing from the balcony we can also hear them from that distance and this thing was just over top of me. I noticed it because of its shape size lights and the fact that it was close and made no sounds. I did not know what it was but I did know it was not any kind of plane I have ever seen. I was a military wife who's ex-husband was in the air force so I know what a plane looks like and sounds like. I was both fasinated and afraid. I called out to my friend to come and see it but she was on the phone and did not come out to see it. I was so confused with what I saw that I only told her what I saw. I know Canada has no military planes as far as I know that look like that. But have seen pictures of the triangle plane the USA has so wasn't sure what I saw. Would the US be flying thier plane over an Ontario city? Do they have the Technology to create a silent plane. This thing was close enough I should have heard something. There was silence. As I said as it was heading south it just suddenly disapeared I did notice it vanished just before it was in line with the airport which would have been on its right hand side several miles away.
