{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-22 09:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483582","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76290","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2807,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/582/mufon-5483582.json","updb_database_id":5483582}
I was on my way to work with my co-worker and he and I saw a large white object in the sky as we came over the hill. We looked away for maybe 5 seconds and it disappeared from the sky completely. Not trace anywhere...in a maximum of 5 seconds.

On April 22, 2016 at approximately 9:20 am EST, my co-worker and I were driving to work. There were no clouds in the sky, the sky was blue.The address was approximately 1405 Ottawa Street North in Kitchener. We were actually on Lackner Blvd heading over the hill beside 1405 Ottawa Street North, heading toward Victoria Street on Lackner Blvd. As we came over the hill my co-worker and I saw a very large white oval shaped object over top of some apartments in the (near) distance. 
My co-worker and I both saw the object and we both tried to understand what it could possibly be that was so big and hovering in the sky. We both could not identify what it could have been. There were no wings, lights, windows or airplane tail that we could see and it was not moving but hovering. We both asked one another if we see the object and we both tried to place what it could be and we were not able to name or associate what the giant white object could be hovering over the apartments in the distance. 
My co-worker and I both say that the object was oval and at least 50 meters long and just over half the width and approximately 1 to half a kilometer over some brown buildings in the distance. As we looked at one another to talk and look back to the object it was gone. It was not anywhere in the sky. We actually looked everywhere around us to look for the object in the sky and it was nowhere. It seemed to have vanished. 
If I am generous my co-worker and I looked and talked to each other for five seconds. I am sure that it was even shorter than that but five seconds is still a very short time for an object that large to just disappear in such a short amount of time with no trace. 
There is an airport approximately twenty kilometers away but I have seen airplanes take off and land in the area for years and this was NOT an airplane and my co-worker agrees. We are submitting this because I we sure we are not the only ones to have had this experience on that day.
