{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-07 18:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456566","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/566/mufon-5456566.json","updb_database_id":5456566}
{cak} I saw a glowing light that was strobing around 7 pm in the southern sky.

Myself and 2 neighbors were camping in the San Luis valley just about 4 or 5 miles North of San Acacio, CO. It was nearly 7pm and I was trying to get a camp fire lit. There were 2 people with me, one of which was asleep in the tent. The other person was helping me with the fire. Initially, we heard rhythmic beating. The only thing I can compare the sound to is that of a Native American drum. My neighbor and I heard this drumming sound for about 15 minutes and were completely perplexed by it.

The sound seemed to be coming from a very short distance away yet I could see nothing. The area we were camping in was very flat. It's basically a desert floor that is covered with sage brush and cacti. We had very small foothills to the west of us. The foothills were probably 500-1000 feet away and stood not much higher than a few hundred feet. The sound seemed to be coming from just the other side of the hills. I really wanted to go over, climb to the top of the hill and see what was on the other side. The only thing that prevented me from doing it was the ground was absolutely covered in cactus with very large thick quills capable of getting through the soles of shoes. The drumming sound was so prevalent that it caused coyotes to start howling. At least that's what I assumed the howling was linked to. Roughly 15 minutes after the drumming started, and as I was looking southwest in the direction of the drumming, I saw a very large bright light in the sky hovering. The light looked like a star but was roughly 3 times larger than any star I've ever seen. It was later summer and not yet 7 pm so it was still light outside as well. Far too early in the evening to spot any stars. The luminous object was spherical and was pulsating or blinking with the blink cycle happening every 5 seconds or so. I yelled out for me neighbor who was with me to look. He and I watched it blink on and off in the sky in regular intervals for just over a minute. I suddenly realized I should take a video. As I announced my intention to capture proof of the incident, my neighbor grabbed my astronomy binoculars that were a few feet away to get a closer look. As got my camera app open and switched to video and my neighbor got the binoculars to his eye, the object was gone. We never saw it again. The drumming lasted another 5 minutes or so before disappearing as well. It was a strange event and certainly seemed to be an unidentified flying object. The object was far away but not like a star. It somewhere between half a mile to mile away at approximately 60 degrees in the southern sky.
