{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-14 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457566","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3279,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/566/mufon-5457566.json","updb_database_id":5457566}
{cak} Sudden appearance of solid bright light, then as it approached moved to 4.

On October 14th at 0330 I was unlocking the gates for the business I work for over night. I noticed a bright fluorescent yellow light roughly 2,000’ above the ground (used an altitude comparison tool to get the best guess since it was very low) assuming it may be a helicopter because I could hear a helicopter somewhere near. There is a hospital with a landing pad so I assumed it was going there, until the actual helicopter (not the object I was staring at) at the hospital came above the tree line that separated the hospital from my line of sight and flew off. The light remained fixed until the helicopter left and I was no longer able to hear any noise. (The town I work in is small and only thing you usually hear this early is a train, so it’s very silent, you can even hear cats fighting in dumpsters for food down the road.) I stopped and continued to stare at the light until I noticed it was slowly becoming more than one light, which I assumed it meant it was coming towards move because they moved equally. It eventually came directly over head above me and at that point I was still unable to hear any aircraft noise. The lights had become a triangular outline, one at the nose, one in the back middle, with one light on either side of back middle light spread out. It basically looked to me as the wings and nose of a Boeing 737 for comparison in size. But due to how dark it was and how dark the over head night is here since our light pollution isn’t a lot I wasn’t able to make out a definite shape. It had no FAA marker lights (the blinking lights) on any point of it but it did have a very small blinking pure white light underneath that was only visible when it was directly over head. There is a Air Force base near by so I assumed it was going there and figured it was night range training but once I thought about it I figured I would of heard some engine noise with a plane being that low. The speed it was goin was also very slow. I would say roughly 100mph, which is very liberal, if you could drive a car in a straight line next to it I’d definitely say it was 60-70. But 100 MPH would be best guess to be safe without a comparison. It went from east to north west( mainly west with slight bank to the north). There has also been a sighting in this town in 2000 of a triangular shaped UFO that was chased by four different police departments until they were in able to keep up. With a photo on record from one department (though not very good.)
