{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-24 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521566","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34678","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9072,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/566/mufon-5521566.json","updb_database_id":5521566}
a pulsating, bright, red light, that did not blink until the very end of viewing it. it moved a few times and was very bright.

I was coming home at 9:45 pm, and parked my car on the street.
I realized that a bright red light was viewable from my front yard to the east of my house, and that it was similiar, or the same red light ufo that I viewed in the east in september in the same neighborhood.
I immediately called a friend that lives a few blocks away, that viewed a red light ufo with me in september at his house in the same neighborhood.
He in turn called his father, who lives up on the bench in Boise Idaho, around 4-5 miles from where we live, which is several hundred feet lower in elevation than his father lives, in a shallow river valley. his father confirmed that the UFO was fairly high in the sky. this gives me reason to think that the UFO was probably over 500 feet high in the sky, any lower, and my friends father would have only barely been able to see it, and it would probably have around the same height as the mountains behind Boise. 

after calling my friend, I ran inside after trying to catch a photo using my blackberry phone.
I scrambled for my digital coolpix camera, and ran outside to shoot a shaky, quick photo....
realizing I needed a tripod to get any decent photos of the light blown up, I again ran inside and was able to set up my digital camera, and shoot around 12 photos over a 15 minute period.
shortly after taking just a few photos, the UFO, moved a good 50 degrees northwest, and was basically overhead just north of us.
the movement was straight, with no noise, and the light just pulsated slowly, or was completely unwavering in its strength for a minute or so. then it would start pulsating again.
the UFO then moved back to its almost original position, taking a slightly different path.
the entire movement period was no longer than a few minutes if that.
it moved at an even pace, and I wondered how anything could move that fast in the sky, if it was a balloon or such being towed from the ground.
even a balloon/blimp with an engine would have to be moving pretty good to cover that distance.
once it was stationary again, I commenced taking more photos
I drained the battery, but was able to get around 9 photos that had little movement, and actually showed either artifacts of the light/camera, or actual structure of what I believe is plasma formations.

around the mid point of the event, a plane high in the sky flew above us, and could probably see the UFO as well, this was not a jet. we could hear the engine, and see the flashing lights of the plane....each little flashing red light on the plane, was something like 1/20th the intensity/size of this red pulsating UFO.
it was strong enough light, I doubted it was a chinese lantern, and when the UFO moved it didn't flicker, as if a candle were illuminating it.

the entire viewing lasted around 35-40 minutes.

I watched the UFO until it left which was interesting, and gave me the idea that it was either a digital light controlled hoax, but not a flare or candle/torch in a balloon.
the UFO moved slightly back east, very slightly, or, it actually shrunk in size, and then it started pulsating faster, and then started strobing for the first time, it strobed completely on and off around 4-6 times at a relative even pace, and then quickly increased completely strobing on and off, and then just completely dissapeared.

I have only seen a UFO twice before this, in september a few months before, and what we saw on dec 24 looked very similiar, or basically the same as the september sighting.
except in september, it was lower on the horizon, and we watched it drift out of view after 20 minutes, instead of watching it strobe and dissapear.

the first UFO I saw, was an orb/light ufo, that was red, like this UFO I saw in december, this was in 1978, in McCall Idaho, that UFO sped quickly from far away, or grew in size, and quickly stopped over a tree directly to the north of me and some adults inside and above a tree in our yard that was no more than 30 feet tall. (I was 8 years old at the time)
that ufo wasnt more than 60-80 feet from us, and was a 4-5 foot wide ball of spinning glowing energy that spun red/orange/purple colors very quickly. that ufo suddenly shot up into the sky, turned white, and split in two and quickly dissapeared into the night sky.

after I saw blow ups of the dec 4th 2011 photos I took, I was blown away, but how similiar the ball of glowing colors was to the ball I saw so many years ago up in McCall....
from a distance, the lights look like a very bright glowing red ball shining with intensity...
but up close, there is soft edges, different colors, spinning intensity in the one I saw up close.

looking at the photos, blowing them up, using different controls on editing the photos, and even using a redeye removing software to look past some of the red glare, I am convinced this is some sort of plasma formation. there are some very interesting phenomenon/or camera artifacts viewable in these photos, which were all taken by myself on Dec. 24th 2011 at 9.45pm until around 10:20 pm.
please ask for permission to publish these photos anywhere.

there were some similiar reports the next night in Boise Idaho, and I noticed also reports in Oregon, Washington, and California that sounded similiar.

I am not very knowledgeable about how plasma balls form.
but I have been doing research for the last week ever since taking these photos.
a physicist I lived with at one time, told me plasma balls can be controlled by military technology, and even project sounds.
this light I saw in December, seemed either motionless/hovering, or moved in a very regular, seemingly controlled fashion.
my impression in the beginning, before seeing the photos, is that this was an oject that was lit up, and not a glowing plasma ball like I had seen as a child in McCall, and that it was some sort of glowing blimp, hoax, or a UFO aircraft.
I had the impression that this was under control of some intelligence of some sort.
but understand that plasma formations can be a natural occurence.
seeing the photos I am convinced its a plasma energy ball, if the photos are viewed under the right conditions/filtered correctly, you can see flame like whisps shooting out and around the ball of light, as if the plasma ball was actually bigger than it looked.
also notice in some of the photos, under the UFO around 1/2-3/4 of the photo, there can be seen a strange glowing purple area, either a ball shape, or like two small balls on the sides of a larger ball.
I am under the impression, that this is some sort of plasma formation, but very subtle, and that this purple light has something to do with the phenomenon that I witnessed.
it occurred to me, that the energy feeding this plasma ball, might be a field extending far beyond what looks like to be a solid object from a distance. the strange purple light is present in more than 2 of these photos, but is not viewable on all of them.

in comparing all the photos, I see what looks like a cloudy mass, with irregularities, but fairly circular, but in others, it looks like a squarish, irregular spinning object, with dimpled areas that sometimes line up quite straight and regularly spaced, almost a sort of stiple effect. and in one photo, the interior looks as if it has bilateral symmetry going on, much like what a walnut shell looks like

some sources claim that stationary/hovering UFOs are in a low energy use period, and glow red, but as they speed up, they turn blue/white.
that might fit somewhat with what I saw in McCall, as the UFO did turn white upon flying directly up into the sky...
but the UFO viewed on december 24th, did not power up, or change color when it did its short maneuver. of course, it was not moving extremely fast comparable to the viewing of the red/white light in 1978

absolutely one of the most exciting nights of my life, in that I was finally able to get photos of a UFO. everything fell together, right place, right time, camera in the house, and a UFO that sticks around for long enough.
