{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-16 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466566","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94127","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/566/mufon-5466566.json","updb_database_id":5466566}
{cak} gigantic dark object blocking out all stars and sky

At approx. 4 a.m. I was outside behind the barn filling a wheelbarrow with shavings for my horses' stalls. Whenever I'm outside very early when it's still dark out, I love to look at the stars / moon. I had stopped to look at the stars before I started filling the wheelbarrow.
It was an extremely clear night, no clouds anywhere, many, many stars were able to be seen.
While I was filling the wheelbarrow, I noticed it seemed "darker". I felt a strange "pressure??", not sure how to describe it. I looked up and there were no stars, anywhere, just black.  I couldn't hear anything, no crickets, nothing, it was dead silent, but I felt "something". I looked up again, and it seemed like a solid object as far as I could see, solid black. When I looked to the West, I could see stars in the distance, but only black above and behind me. I suddenly felt fear, real fear, the hair on my arms and the back of my neck stood up. I heard (in my mind), to get inside, don't run, don't acknowledge that you saw anything, but get inside as quickly as possible. I immediately left the wheelbarrow, and quickly walked to the barn and went inside, hiding in my horses' stall. I was shaking, terrified. I didn't go back outside for approx. 45 min. when the sun started coming up. When I did go back out, once again there was not a cloud in the sky.
I knew from the beginning, it was a UFO. It was massive, gave off no sound, was black, but there were "softer?" black areas that seemed like windows and suggested a "round?" shape. It seemed to come up from the East quickly, and seemed to hover over the area I was in. 
When I say I looked up, I didn't bend my head back and stare up, I felt like I wasn't supposed to let them know I was looking. I just tilted my head to the side a bit and looked up to see it. I also turned my body and was able to see behind me and off to each side. All was black except to far to the West.
Feel free to contact me. I feel like I need to talk to someone about this, to prove that I'm not crazy. I have never told anyone about this.
