{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-07 20:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494566","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64902","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/566/mufon-5494566.json","updb_database_id":5494566}
{rjl} one of my employees came inside and was agitated and said I had to go look. there were more than twenty reddish globes above table rock mountain north of my location.

one of my employees was afraid and said i had to see this. I exited the resturaunt with her. at first I was skeptical as to what i was even seeing.they appeared as more than twenty orange or red globes stationary above table rock mountain to the north slight west of my physical location. it fealt more like I was percieving them than actually seeing them. i watched  for awhile. after roughly ten minutes of observation I just kind of noticed them becoming less and less. at this point I heard what sounded like multiple fighter jets in bound. klamath falls oregon has a defensive air base so upon hearing jets, I looked to the east where i figured them to come from, and there where 4 fighter jets at full boar. the orbs began dissapaiting quickly. i witnessed this with two or three other employees. I never reported here or anywhere cause i didnt know you could report such things. and i dont really spend a lot of mental effort thinking about ufos. to elaborate on my "encounter." two days after the event i took an order out to an older gentlemen. we small talked a minute and he told me he lived on top of a mountain in eagle point and something hed never seen before happened two days prior above his house. he told me to understand that he flew attack choppers in the military his whole career so he knows the difference between a training exercise and a military action. he disclosed that at around 730p or 800p that this large round orange thing went flying over his roof so fast he barely saw it. then 10 seconds later 3 fully loaded and weaponized attack choppers went over his house so low he could probably almost touch them. they shook a picture off his wall. he said he didnt belive in such things like ufos. but that was a ufo being pursued by the us military. i found it ironic that without saying a word to this stranger about what I had seen he explained the same encounter in the same time frame. this to me was irrefutibly something unnatural. especially to my area
