{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-02 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501566","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57475","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3079,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/566/mufon-5501566.json","updb_database_id":5501566}
{dr}Wife and I came out of apartment for a glass of wine when I saw the object blinking. There are no towers in that area to confuse with antena lights. Dissapeared after 3 hours..

My wife and I went out for a glass of wine (at the porche of our apartment), we started chatting when we looked up at the sky..suddenly I saw this light blinking.

I got really surprised at it because I saw something like that in the past, so we both started discussing what it was (obviously, she thought it was an helicopter or a radio antena blinking).

I explained that we didn't have antenas in that area and that we stared in that direction for months without seeing anything...plus, the fact that we both noticed the object meant that it was new to our "eyes" or memories of that portion of the sky.

The mos compeling thing that made me grab my video camera, was that the object was blinking changing colors (red, blue, yellow, white, purple) at a very high rate...not steady like a man made bulb or devise.

I got out my video camera and tried to tape as much as I could...first I started taping from the distance making a reference from a close building to prove it was far, how big it looked like and that I didn't hang nothing in the air to hoax with.

The a started panning and zooming at the object....and although you can't see the colors I mentioned, you can clearly see it's blinking and is kind of rounded.

My wife continued explaining that it was just a star, but I replied that no star blinked like that and was as close as "this thing was" and that I bet her it was going to go away eventually...

Searching for more objects....I DID see another 2 "star like" objects on the opposite direction. The two of them were behaving and looking like the first one found....but they were smaller and farther away.

After spending almost an hour (and having the video) we both went inside....I came out, before going to bed, and all the objects were gone.

You make whatever you want...I should mention that I'm not a UFO chaser, nor do I have a stack of books from Von Danieken in my shelve. In fact, I'm a bit suspicious and scheptic at events like this.

My intentions is just to help out to find answers and footage that can make us a little more open minded towards what's out there...

Thanks for your attention !

O.T.
(Feel free to contact me if you need to...)
