{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-28 15:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497566","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61788","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2290,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/566/mufon-5497566.json","updb_database_id":5497566}
I seen a UFO which was moving from east to North in a wobbling pattern. One of it side was reflective and the other side was greyish. Since it was wobbling it looked like the object was pulsating.

I was sitting in my car speaking to my friend when I noticed the UFO at 3.10 in the afternoon. I seen a UFO which was moving from east to north in a wobbling pattern. One of it side was reflective and the other side was grayish. Since it was wobbling it looked like the object was pulsating.The shining side shone like as if it was a sun. I kept observing it as the object wobbled at normal speed (like that of a airplane)moving from the easterner horizon to the north at an angle of 15 degrees where i stood. After finishing the call I thought I would click the picture using my phone. As soon as I got out and about to lift the camera to shoot the object stopped and started moving into my direction. It was as if it had tracked my thoughts. Instinctively I knew that it had tracked me. It came and all the way to the west and stopped right over my head. It was at the height like the airplanes fly. It stood there standstill for about 5 mins. when it stopped wobbling and only the shiny (like sun) side was visible. It then started moving higher and higher moving back east and northward. It went back to the original route it was earlier taking. However it was much higher up in the sky and not wobbling. I stood and watched it for some time and it was a tiny speck of light high up in the sky. I then went back to my home. However when the object was above my head level i took a picture of the UFO. The size is 1.47 Mb.
