{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489898","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3054,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/898/mufon-5489898.json","updb_database_id":5489898}
{jpg} LIGHTS CAME OUT THE CLOUDS HOVERED OVER OUR MOVING CAMPER AND BEAM DOWN FLAMES

I was military police officer at Malstrom AFB Great Falls Montana. This was not my first sighting of UFO around the missile Silo in Montana. This would be my closest encounter. Sgt.Young and myself were en-route to a Minute Man3 Silo in Northern Montana, about 3am or 4am.

Sgt Young was the senior person, he is driving a Security Police Camper. We have a week worth of food on board. Our job was to sit on the Silo and sit up security for the Silo which was off line, until Missile Maintenance could come out to Silo for repair. 

Riding in the passenger seat I saw lights come out the clouds, I believed it to be a plane flow by a farmer. The landscape was very rocky. I stated to Sgt Young, where is this guy going to land out here. Sgt Young stated he didn't care. As the lights got closer and past over the camper, I look out the drivers side of the camper for the aircraft. It never past over the camper on the driver side.I stated to Sgt Young where did the plane go, because it never past on his side of the camper. Sgt Young stated he didn't give a damn. Unable to look up because of the camper over hang, I look in the side view mirrors. I saw massive fire flames everywhere. I told Sgt Young look in mirror, He stated whats burning,I stated we're on fire. Sgt Young stated he going to pull off the road. As he started to pull off the road I told no, don't stop because the high way and the concrete and the grass on side of road were also on fire.

Sgt Young look at me and side where is that plane. I think we are both though UFO. I have my hand on my 38cal. I can't remember if I put a clip in my riffle. Sgt Young on the radio with Juliet Control and informing of the situation. After reaching for my weapon the flames disappeared. The high way and our camper no longer were in flames.

Were authorized into Juliet Control where we put in separate room and statements were taken. We ask if we could stay until day break. We were told no, we weren't authorize there and they had watched us drive up and there was nothing following us. To leave, we have our mission to get out and complete our mission. We left and found the silo and hook up our camper to the silo. No further incident,could not wait until day break. 

Things that followed this Incident I end up in Southeast Asia. I was at Malstom AFB when UFOs shut down 20 missile and other incidents.
