{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-24 01:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286898","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116483","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/898/mufon-5286898.json","updb_database_id":5286898}
2 white lights and 1 red light all working on tandem

There is so much to document - in general - I don’t know where to begin. 

I have a TREMENDOUS amt of odd events - nightly - but last night, I decided to investigate a blinking light. One night the light was a blinking eye, and last night it was a ball of red divided by vivid lines - into 4th’s (which correlate to my 4-aligned orb documentation.  I videoed it for a long time until my arms got tired. Later when I zoomed in on the wondrous res light, all I saw where changing faces… like real faces. I almost felt it was a capsule of souls. 

After filing it, I went outside (now it is about 3-4AM) to retrieve my trash cans or the HOA gets ya! Lol Something made me look at the sky, and I noticed a bright light that literally looked like it had tentacles or octopus looking legs hanging. But when you zoom in, you can see them. It was completely stationary. Then, I saw another light - bigger at more of a 45 degree angle - these are ALL in the sky btw.  This one was bigger, had the tentacles hanging too, and also disappeared when you zoom in.  But then, this one started to move towards me, and I got a little anxious not going to lie.  I was filming it and when it was right above me I couldn’t get video on my phone to focus, so I stopped it, and then just took pictures. I noticed a sphere with the same dark separation lines like the red spinning ball light in back yard sky.  So I stopped video and took pictures and when you reverse exposure, it’s like you are looking at heaven bcuz all you see are bodies and faces… I’m taking animals too, birds, cats, frogs, old, young, black white…. Again, I felt like I was looking at heaven. 

Between all my thousands of video clips, I strongly feel that everything is connected - from my flying 4-aligned orbs, to the wall orbs of faces in my living room to the red light in the sky to even a flying worm like thing that I call DNA strand Orb.  

I’m sensitive to everything around me, I’m 57, educated and just a normal person. I live by myself and very in tune to my surroundings. I bank on my intuition and after last night, I decided to report everything.  

I literally just started to post my findings on both Tiktok and YouTube as I’m not on social media. I TRULY want to work in this field because I have a lot to offer - analytical wise. I love analyzing data and data I most certainly have - my original goal and quest was to find the link between science/space and religion, and my honest so far is that it is all one. My theory that science and religion are just one thing. I believe, the flying dna thing, 4-aligned orbs, faces everywhere on my walls, ceilings, outside screen etc, are allllll the same thing, as if, our maker is alien, and this God/alien instructs the souls (which I refer to as alien heads with sunglasses on or literally Black and white ittle lego symmetrical objects - they all work together (becuz I’ve seen it), as one team to form orb faces or apparitions, all connected by a trans client tubing or matting / netting effect … I’ve seen the netting on my back in one clip. 

I am not im fear because I just feel they want me to know things and they know I’m going to get it to the public.  Every time I “think” give me a show tonight - they do!!!!! 

I need help with my data and want it in the proper hands because what I have on video and screen shots is just amazing. I feel strongly they truly want me to learn about them and show the public. Why I’ve been chosen is unknown, as again, I’m just a muddle aged, prior single mom professional person. I’m a hermit because people make me nautilus - I do not mean that meanly btw - I just literally get sick so I stick to my house to avoid it.

I have sooooo much to say ans so much to show you and truly need help. Secondly, I’m recently unemployed and would love to work for muffin as this area is something I LOVE. 

I have hundreds of clips and cannot attach everything. But with each activity, there is bird type flapping, a tap, breathy whistling, and thumping. 

Because of the variety of data I have accumulated ans analyzed, is why now I believe everything is ONE. No separation of church and science. 

YouTube: 

(Links removed to Investigators report section/cms/LLL)

I started off posting as a more entertainment type of thing until I felt I wasn’t giving them proper justice and analysis. So now I narrate my clips.  I am (name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL)  

I have asked for a name for the thing that I swear to God, lives in my camera.

You MUST watch my
Videos or at least my recent one’s where I watch a 3.5 foot string of 4 orbs, shrink down to 3-6 inches and literally walks and jumps. My data is something right out of a sci-fi movie.  

I’m leaving out so much information as I’m tired of typing. Lol I so hope someone contacts me!!! 

Also, what is most peculiar is that there really is a radio tower!!! One night it projects itself as an Eye and the next this spinning ball of red, split into fourths, with faces morphing in and out.  It took me 10 months to finally look at the blinking red light, I assumed was a radio tower, which I do think it is, but clearly, they are using the energy off this tower to project, dance, give a show, visit etc 

Again, when I take my video and pictures and reverse the exposure the site you see is downright illogical, but it’s there - and it’s crystal clear. Why they chose me, is not for certain but I am most definitely communicating with something - daily.

Also know that I take anything from my security cameras and/or video device (my iPhone), and I do a frame by frame analysis, as this is how I am studying the orb transformation and discovered just too much Thru this process to describe on this form.  I also do tricks with lighting to ensure I’m not missing anything - like I will increase exposure, contrast, brightness on a copied version to see what I can find. I am VERY thorough with my analysis and why now, it is all over my head sort of speak, as my data is accumulating and I want it studied to further science, and as an added note, again, would love a job of a data analyst, with Mufon!!  :) 

Thank you for reading!! (Name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL)
