{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463898","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97018","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3085,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/898/mufon-5463898.json","updb_database_id":5463898}
{cak} driving down highway at midnight and seen an aircraft hovering over the trees. It appeared to be triangle shaped with 3 bright whit

I was driving home from my work place in Greensboro, NC back to Virginia on US 29 north starting on 12-12-18 from 11:45pm-12:30am (12-13-18). This is a trip I have taken at least twice a week since 2008. It was a very clear sky that night. I appeared to see a "falling star" or "shooting star" and I was verbally making a wish in my car because that is always what you were told as a kid to do is wish on a star. Approximately 5-10 minutes later I was in the Rockingham county area ( a very rural area). I seen a blinking red light flashing in the distance above the tree line to the left of me, which was I think north west. The trees blocked it some as I was approaching north due to the aircraft being so low in the sky. As I got closer it appeared to be very low in the sky and less than a mile away from US 29. It appeared to be just hovering there and moving very little. I knew then it wasn't a conventional airplane and my second thought was it must be a helicopter. As I got more to the side of the aircraft ( still a little ways away) as I was passing I realized it wasn't making any noise like a helicopter would. I started staring at it and that's when I seen the three bright lights underneath the aircraft. One at each corner in a triangle pattern. It was very dark but the aircraft appeared to be a triangle due to the positioning of the lights. I was driving and trying not to wreck my car while watching something I had never seen before and saying to myself " What in the world is that?" I wished I could have gotten a video but it was so late and that highway is kinda isolated that time of night so I didn't stop my car. In retrospect I would have because my husband and friends laughed when I told them. I know the aircraft was hovering because I completely passed it and it was in my rear-view mirror to the southwest until it was completely out of my sight due to my driving away. I never seen it moving or if it was it was going very slow. Up to this point in my life I have never seen anything like this. I started researching online and thought I should report. I don't research or watch programs about aliens so I had never heard of black triangle UFO's before. Another thought I had was whether or not it may be military but I do not know why a military aircraft would be hovering in such a low populated rural area.
