{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 21:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491898","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3575,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/898/mufon-5491898.json","updb_database_id":5491898}
{dr}I witnessed and video taped 2 objects

I attended a neighborhood fireworks display. During this event I noticed a glowing/firey, orb/blob of light, out of the corner of my eye. I started to watch it. It just seemed like it wasn't quite normal. Something didn't seem right. As I continued watching this object I noticed that it started to change shape and color. It was moving VERY slowly. I thought at first that it was a plane, but I knew that it just didn't seem to act like a plane. It was changing directions in straight lines. 90 degree turns. It then accelerated and grew in size and changed into a bright white light and then disappeared into a gap in the sky.

Several minutes later the object just reappeared, however, it had a 2nd object with it. The 2 objects then proceeded to do a slow dance around each other. Sometimes they would be side by side, then on top of one another. All the time while they were doing this dance, they were continuing to change shape and color and brightness. This dance continued for approximately 2 minutes. Then 1 of the objects, the 2nd one, just disappeared. The original stay for a little while longer, appox. 20 secs, and then it too blinked out.

After about 5 minutes they both returned but individually. First one, then the other. This time they basically stayed in the same positions that they appeared. They were more faint this time. Then they just blinked out. But the blinking out was done by getting brighter then a few flashes of light and they were gone.

This whole process took approximately half an hour from the time I first noticed the original object.

I have video of these objects. In the videos, it is possible to see the changing of the shape and color of these objects. At times the objects were round, other times they were diamond, donut, oblong (from top to bottom),flat shaped. It was possible to see stick like projections from the top of the objects at times. Other times theses sticks were on the bottom of the objects. 

I would estimate that these objects were anywhere from 1-5 miles from me. At their closest approach, they were VERY bright and difficult to look at because of how bright they were. When they were at their closest point it was like a firey blob of red/orange/white light. It appeared to my eyes that the objects were sort of like liquid but shimmering with puddle like ripples.

When they disappeared for the last time I remained for another half an hour to see if they would return.
