{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529898","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/898/mufon-5529898.json","updb_database_id":5529898}
rotating with lights behind central band of windows-tall blond people?? beings looking down at my car

I saw a streak of light in the sky while turning south onto Little Mack Ave. in St. Clair Shores, MI 48081 in 1978 or 1979 (I never could remember the year). I was traveling from east to west as I turned onto Little Mack Ave. It was a Friday. I thought that it was a reflection off the wing of a plain or something, and remember it was just dusk at the time and there was still a sunset to the west. Just ahead, at Matin Rd., I saw it coming closer, so I turned west onto Martin Rd. at the intersection (I could never remember if I had to stop at the traffic light there at all, but I know there is one at that intersection), and then I turned directly left into a church parking lot. The disk like craft came down directly over the church/rectory and hovered about 20 ft. above it. I just couldn't believe it. It was silently rotating with bright lights coming off the bottom ot it. It was disk-like with a very wide band of windows around the middle of the thing. Thinking back now, the wide band of windows must not have been rotating with the rest of the craft. It was very early spring time, and I had some young chilren in the back set of the car. I sat parked and looking up at it right straight out of my front windshield. There were people/beings (?) looking down at me. It looked like some sort of open spaced mess hall inside with them sitting around squarish tables. Two of them then were standing up and came up to the windows, and they just started down at me and the car. Others at the tables then turned their heads as if to notice my car. They had shoulder length light hair. Their hair styles reminded me of the old page-boy style from years ago. They seemed to have on some sort of jump-suit. I remember thinking that one of them must have been female. I knew they could see me, and it felt really weird to me that they could see me and knew I was there. I can't remember if I'd turned my car engine off or if my car was still runnig (I've always wondered about that). I could see right into their craft. It was very brightly lit up inside. I don't remember seeing/hearing any other traffic lights/car noises or anything. It just seemed totally dark out, and there was no noise at all. I remember I had my hands on the steering wheel. Then all of a sudden the craft went right up about aprox. 100 ft. (maybe less), and it veered off to the south-west slowly at first, then it went at lighting speed till it was just a pin prick of light in the sky. I thought that someone else must have seen the thing (no other cars were around at all, no traffic nothing), and I wanted to see where it went. So, I left the parking lot by it's exit onto a side street, whick I took till I got to 11 Mile Rd. But, by then it wasn't visable at all. I turned left (east) onto 11 Mile Rd., and I considered going to the police station there at Jefferson Ave., but thought they'd think I was crazy. I noticed some traffic then. So, I didn't stop at the station, but just turned and contiuned on. I don't know why I just went home, and I didn't think/talk about it at all that night, nor all weekend. Also, I didn't phone or tell anyone about it that night either. The children in the back seat were to young to remember what happened. It's possible it may have taken place early in the spring of 1978. I could never remember the date/year at all, but have tried to often. For some reason I can't, but my best guess is that it was in 1979. I know (I'm positive) it was a Friday near dusk when I saw this. I didn't feel afraid, but there was some mild fear when the two figures were at the window of their craft looking down at my car. I think I felt this way because I had young children in the back seat of my car with me. I was also in awe that this thing was hovering so close by me over a church/rectory. I didn't have to streach my neck up or back to see it out of my front car windshield at all. It was just like watching something on screen right out of my car windshield. I remember it was totally black out as I watched this thing from the driver's seat of my car. I've wondered about it being totally dark out then, since I could see the sunset when I was turning south onto Little Mack Ave. just a little bit before. I also never took noticed of the time when I got home. The next Tuesday, on the car radio I heard that there were sightings of UFO's over northern MI. I've never talked about this with anyone. I'm an educated person with advanced degrees, and I want to remain totally anonymous and not be contacted by anyone. I felt I had to tell MUFON about what I saw and I hope that it may be of some help to you and also others. The above phone # and email address are not mine, but bogus I'm sorry to say. I had to put somethng in those areas so I could submit this to you.
