{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-24 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499898","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/898/mufon-5499898.json","updb_database_id":5499898}
{jd} Shiny teardrop quick flyover at Barstow, CA

I was laying on a lounge chair at the Eastern end of the swimming pool at the motel I am a guest of, facing West toward the afternoon sun at exactly 5:30 p.m. when I observed a shiny object reflecting the sunlight, rapidly approaching from WNW to ESE or from 2601 toward 801 at approximately 10,000 feet.
I was wearing mirrored swim goggles to keep the sun out of my eyes and the sky was completely clear so I had an excellent view of the object. As it got closer to directly overhead, I realized that it was teardrop shaped with the point to the rear and very shiny like mercury.
The object appeared to jog slightly, to it's right and left in no particular pattern nor timing and was moving at a steady, high rate of speed. As it passed over, I also observed what appeared to be a commercial airline craft to the South, which was possibly at about 25,000 to 30,000 feet elevation.
The shiny object appeared to be about half the length of the jet and was traveling at about 4 times the speed. As the aircraft was heading more towards straight East, I do not believe that they were in pursuit of the object nor if they even observed it.
I regret that I did not have my cell phone with me to try to get a photo but had I attempted to get it from my room the object would have been gone when I returned.
I was in the U.S. Air force as a flying crewchief for 12 years and am quite familiar with aircraft types and capabilities, so I know that the object I witnessed was not any type of aircraft I have ever seen, but I did see an identical object about 9 years ago, just outside the city limits of Baxley, GA
On that occasion, I and several other drivers pulled over to the sides of the highway and observed the object pass slowly across the highway at about 5:00 p.m. at approximately 1000 feet, move South about 1 mile and hover over the high-tension power lines running from Hatch nuclear power plant where I was working at the time.
The object seemed to have a shimmery space between it and the power lines for a few minutes and then I observed what appeared to be a military aircraft, much like an AWACS or 135 flying down towards the object, at which time the object started to move away from the power lines toward the South and suddenly accelerated to an incredible speed and went out of sight. The military aircraft also turned South and headed out in pursuit.
