{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-11 03:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283318","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120121","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2664,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/318/mufon-5283318.json","updb_database_id":5283318}
Strange micro military presence incidents in the area followed by late night black triangle sighting

Several years ago i would say between 2013-2015 I was staying at my parents and being a night owl, came by my window bench as I witness a faint beam of light through the blinds. I remember it was the summer and I tried to wake my sister up as I was shocked to see what I would find out now to be a black triangle hovering north out over the field towards the Magna properties. I was scared with a sense that this triangle with white bright pot lights underneath was scanning in some way the field or surrounding area while everyone was asleep. It must have been between 3-4 AM. I am cautious as to ever so slightly peak the blinds until I realize that the hovering craft is going slowly on an even plane from left to right and back again almost like circling the area. I noticed a pattern that occasionally the lights would scan almost into the windows, which it did to mine swear to god. Don’t think I was noticed but a general trajectory and scanning. I tried to wake up sister up but she was very cranky and I couldn’t pull her out of bed. So I went back into my room with shock and disbelief totally sober to watch about 10-15 minute show of this. I eventually was a bit too spooked and sat myself in bed. When I came back to check it was gone. Before this time as well as years later including this year I have witness strange small military activities. I know there is a general base in Aurora. But also in the know how that there is a secret base as well. One of Canada’s secret bases. I remember a military truck with people riding it around Vandorf off carisbrooke sideroad as well a military man with a backpack just hitchhiking near my steer as we drove by. I wanted to share this with the public in good conscience. I have only learned about black triangles after this incident and it is seared into my mind. Sure there was also some green and red emanating from the pot lights. Is it a reverse engineering project? Who knows maybe military folks manning it.
