{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-27 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453318","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108309","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2916,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/318/mufon-5453318.json","updb_database_id":5453318}
I was on my backyard deck eating bbq with the wife and my 11 year old daughter when we observed orbs in the sky.

It was a little after 9pm on April 27th 2020 when I was on my patio deck in my backyard eating bbq with my wife and my 11 year old daughter. The night view is absolutely stunning and clear, there wasn't a single cloud in the sky. We have a gazebo we were under with a patio table and chairs. I got up to take the remainder of the meat off the grill and when I opened the grill up something caught my eye and I looked up. To my surprise there were dozens of red orbs flying in a single file formation from a north to southeast direction in the sky. I immediately yelled for my wife a daughter to come witness what I was seeing. We live near Forbes field (an airport) and I have seen dozens of airplanes and helicopters but I tell you what we witness was nothing comparable to that. The orbs didn't color shift they were solid red and some were so close to each other if they were planes they would've crashed into each other. I told my wife a daughter to stay quiet and listen and guess what? There was absolutely no noise coming from the objects. The part that shocks me is that there were so many of them, I mean dozens. It was a sight to see. My wife and daughter both had their cellphone on them and my wife tried to capture video but it didn't come out but my daughter took a picture of the objects. The objects had to have been anywhere from 80 to 100 feet away and seem to be ascending as they flew by they weren't traveling super fast but in a fast pace. We watched for about 3 to 4 minutes. I can tell that when I had first initially looked up I had seen only the middle of the formation as I didn't witness the beginning. It's as if you watch a train pass but you only catch seeing it midway through. After the sighting was over. My daughter and I both watched as a plane with red and white transponder lights passed in the sky coming in from the south possibly heading west at a higher altitude and greater distance. I wanted to show her that we had witnessed something extraordinary and not just planes.
