{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-08 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470318","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4242,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/318/mufon-5470318.json","updb_database_id":5470318}
{cak} Near Mena Arkansas, triangular shape object blocking starlight

On the night of February 8, 2018, I was with a group of 3 other people outdoors on the grounds of the Board Camp Crystal Mine in the community of Board Camp, near Mena, Arkansas. The group and I were investigating anomalies that have been occurring regularly at the site for nearly one year. This is the same site investigated by MUFON nearly one year ago and featured in the October 2017 issue of the MUFON Journal. One person in the group was training us on how to use specialty equipment in our investigation, such as a night vision scope and radiation detection device. At approximately 8:30 pm, I received a cell phone call from a friend who said, 1Quick run outside. We are following a triangular ship from Ink and it1s heading your way.1 The community of Ink is located north of where I was located in the community of Board Camp, so we expected to see the object coming toward us from the north. Although I could not see the actual object itself, I could see the effect of the object as it approached and flew over. The night sky was clear and full of stars, so I could see that a portion of the sky and stars was blacked out as it flew over. It did not fly directly over my head but was more east of me. I did not see any lights on the object, only the black out and reappearance of the stars as it flew over. From the first time I began seeing the stars black out and reappear, the flyover lasted approximately 4-6 seconds and the object was approximately 1000 feet in elevation. The group I was with had heard dogs and coyotes barking earlier, but all sound stopped during the flyover. It was very quiet. I saw it pass over and the estimated size was probably 150-200 feet long. I was facing east and it was moving south. After it passed over, I caught the quick glimpse of stars blinking out and coming back to my right, which led me to believe the anomaly changed course from south to a southwest direction. After I received the phone call from my friend who first saw the anomaly in Ink, the people in my group and I were excited and immediately started scanning the skies. I also quickly texted another friend of mine who lives between Ink and Board Camp and told him to go outside to watch. Before the flyover, I had a radiation detection device in my pocket. It was set to the highest setting and was picking up normal background radiation indicated by an occasional beep sound emitted from the device. I noticed the flyover approximately 5 minutes after my friend called to notify me to look for it. During the flyover, the radiation detector in my pocket went off making a constant beeping noise, and the other 3 people in my group heard it, and were amazed and said, 1It must right overhead!" After about 6 seconds, the detector went back to normal. After the object flew over, it disappeared past the horizon. Immediately after the flyover at approximately 8:40 pm, I called my wife who was inside the house on the same property, and told her to call a friend of ours who lives southwest of us around the Cove and Hatfield communities located south of the city of Mena, to see if she could see it, after we determined it was possibly heading in her direction. Later, when my wife and I talked to our 2 friends who we had notified to watch, both confirmed they saw something in the night sky, either the blacking out and reappearing of stars, or they saw 3 yellow lights. My background is I am a US Army veteran, formerly worked as an investigator for the Department of Homeland Security, am a volunteer trained firefighter and certified instructor for Dept. of Labor.
