{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-01 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473318","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3539,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/318/mufon-5473318.json","updb_database_id":5473318}
{dr}large craft hovering in west slowly traveling north, large blinking lights, sudden movements, stopped while moving north

Sitting on the south porch at my home I noticed a bright object in the west. It appeared the size of 2 bright planets on first glance. That made me look at it for a few minutes. It appeared to be blinking but it at the time I thought it could've been the leaves moving on the tree. A few minutes later I looked for it again and it was 3 inches (at the arms length) from where it had been. I'd placed it by it's location in the branches of a tree. I grabbed my camera and walked into an open area and sat in a lawn chair to take pictures in case it was Jupiter, Venus, a satellite or a UFO. I've seen them all before. I was able to capture Jupiter's moons a few weeks back. (I checked stellarium afterwards and nothing was there that would be that bright). Within a couple of minutes I had to move again because it was slowly moving north into a tree line. My husband joined me who is a skeptic of UFO's. I pointed out what I was doing and he said "That's definitely not a planet. That's definitely strange." He went back inside. I moved south and steadied my camera taking a few pictures until it went out of view again and I could go no further south due to woods. The entire viewing lasted 20 minutes from first sight. I got one good picture where I had the camera zoomed in and the camera was steady and it was on the sport setting so it didn't create the streaks. I'm no photographer but I do love my camera and I take a lot of pictures of planes, landscapes and animals. It takes time to find a small object with digital zoom and hold it in frame so I couldn't get many pictures before the object was out of sight. The object would stop and make short moves in all directions as it moved south to north in the western sky. I'm including the zoomed in picture as well as a full view shot for perspective. This was no sighting for the history books but it may help validate another sighting. Something was up there today moving strategically like it was searching for something or scanning.
9463 captures the colors seen. I realize it's "streaky" but the camera was set to landscape mode which is slower to capture.
9473 is zoomed in and I felt was the best picture that captured what we could actually see.
9477 is full view, zoomed in to the sky so the camera wouldn't focus on the trees.
9467 is full view as well.
I have a few more pictures but they're blurry or streaky. The camera just doesn't capture what the eye can.
