{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-08-15 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482318","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4152,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/318/mufon-5482318.json","updb_database_id":5482318}
{cak} 100 witnesses; after sundown on beach; 4 glowing plates in perdect formation 100 ft off shore- each 40 ft diameter; rose 100 ft fell to just above water; hovered quietly; after 10 minutes we left in fear of danger

This has stuck in my mind as a significant event because of its uniqueness but I have never seen a report of it so I am reporting it now. There are other living witnesses who were with me at the time who can corroborate this. For about 3 years in the early 60's I spent several weeks each summer at a friends house at Virginia Beach at 79th St off Atlantic Avenue. Probably it was 1963 and probably August when my friend and I and his mother and sisters were on the beach just after dark having eaten a quick dinner at the SeaHorse Inn. We noticed there were 4 large glowing plates, maybe 30 to 40 feet across (same size each) were doing aerial tricks maybe 100 feet offshore, rising 100 to 200 feet, hovering, then dropping to just maybe 25 or 50 feet above the water surface. I remember they were never quite eye level as I always was seeing the undersides of them. The objects flew in formation as if they were one object, but they were separate objects. They made no sound and I stuggled to look for specific markings on them but all I could see was the smooth surface emitting light evenly about as bright as a 40 watt fluorescent bulb or less and about the same coolness of white light as a fluorescent bulb (they emitted light but weren't too bright to look or stare at). They were definitely circular like plates and the edges were crisp. They were close enough so that you could see these were really like actual giant saucers. There were 100 or so witnesses on the beach and I noticed they were all staring dumbfounded at these things just like we were. It was a real curiosity. On many nights we had seen distant white lights on the horizon rising and dipping, literally on or just above the horizon (way out over the ocean), and they were not boat lights as we were familiar with them. Until then we thought those lights were some kind of mirage effect and we just thought it was neat and mysterious. I still don't know if these were the same lights as those but I have a hunch it is possible they were, only closer. But after 10 minutes of this amazing aerial light show, my friend's mother suggested these could be UFOs and that we might be in danger, so we all agreed to leave and went back to the house. I already had mentally identified them as UFOs but didn't feel threatened because they kept their distance, but better safe than sorry (I did not want to be there actually if they decided to land). But was not in the news (paper or radio). My friends mother saw them the next night as well. I remember my friend told me she had told him that they 'had come back' again! Even though I was 11 or 12 years old I knew this was not a natural phenomenon, and also that they were like nothing I had ever seen nor heard of except in the context of crazy ufo stories. I had tried as hard as I could to distinguish some detail, and also to hear a sound, but nothing, just the general surface emitted light was all smooth with no detail, and the sound of waves crashing. That's it. I felt it was odd because from there you could actually walk (a few miles if I remember correctly) to a Naval base and there were a lot of witnesses seeing the same thing I described. I guess nobody reported it. There were no planes, heliocopters, or officals, police or anything that got involved. I would be interested if anyone else has reported this!
