{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-10-21 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491318","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68252","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2781,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/318/mufon-5491318.json","updb_database_id":5491318}
{cak} Watching night sky I saw satellite-like movement, but within seconds of sighting it, it began to descend from the 1 o-clock position to the 7:30.

I and four friends were on a two-day Current River float trip and had stopped at a primitive site to camp. It was a clear, chilly evening and we had a big fire going. The fire got smoky so the other 4 guys moved on the side of the fire with their backs toward the river. I stayed on the smoke side to stir the fire and get more flame. Then I moved away from fire and perhaps 10 yards away from and adjacent to my friends in order to get a clear view of the sky overhead. There was no moon and the sky was thick with stars. 

I detected the movement of what I initially thought was a satellite. Within 3 seconds of spotting it, I noted that it was descending at about a 60 degree angle and I thought "shooting star." After about 10 seconds of watching, it became brighter, began to transform from star-white to a luminous green, and seemed to be in a straight line descent headed for our general area. 10 seconds later, it seemed apparent that what I now thought was a meteorite was going to strike the earth a short ways down stream and perhaps a half mile into the hilly forested area on the other side of the river. As I watched it passed by, there was no sound and the entire area was lit up in an intense green glow for about 2 seconds. If a baby aspirin was held at arms length, the object took up about that much of my visual field. It headed for the tree tops and I thought to myself, "This thing is really going to hit!" 

Just as the object reached the distant tree tops, it stopped for an instant, made an abrupt angular turn avoiding the trees and sped off just above tree level into the distance and was gone is perhaps a second. I jumped a foot off the ground exclaiming, "Did you *@#@ing see that!?" The guys turned their gaze from the fire and toward me and asked, "See what?" I described what had happened and no one had seen the object. Except, the fellow who was sitting in front of the fire and the closest to me had seen the brilliant green glow in his peripheral vision. (I'm counting him as a weak witness.)
