{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-06-03 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459318","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102192","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5280,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/318/mufon-5459318.json","updb_database_id":5459318}
{cak} Equilateral-Triangle UFO

Equilateral-Triangle UFO

This event happened many years ago. However, with the recent increase in disclosures and many credible witnesses coming forward, I believe this is the right time for me to share my story.

In the interest of establishing credibility -

● I have been a Successful Business Owner for 8+ years.
● I have lived near the Minneapolis-Saint Paul International Airport.
● I grew up near Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
● I have visited the John F. Kennedy Space Center.
● I have traveled via aircraft throughout my life.
● I have attended organized airshows.
● I have done regular skywatching with no equipment, except occasionally a telescope and/or binoculars.
● I used no recreational alcohol or drugs the day or night of this event and to this day I do not consume recreational alcohol or drugs.

This event happened during the summer of 1996.

My wife and I were visiting a couple, close friends, who rented an apartment at 2421 Cole Ave SE, Minneapolis, MN 55414*. After socializing inside for awhile, my friend and I grabbed our hand-held acoustic tar-frame drums, one of the most ancient forms of drums, and went outside to play. Besides having full-time jobs in the corporate world, we were also professional drummers. We walked out the front door and followed the path on the left side of the duplex into the back yard. Then beyond the backyard, we made our way up a slight rocky slope to the railroad tracks.

It was a beautiful clear night and lots of stars were visible in the sky. We started rhythmic drumming with bare hands while slowly walking along the tracks. After a few minutes in the distant sky to the East, I noticed the brightest fast-moving white light I have ever seen! It looked like a star, yet it was brighter than all the other visible stars that night. My eyes were fixed on it in awe because it seemed to be getting brighter and brighter and was moving West toward us at an incredibly fast rate of speed! It was moving faster than any aircraft I’ve ever seen, and eventually, the light got so bright that I had to shield my eyes with my forearm.

When I pulled my forearm away from my eyes, the bright light was gone and I saw a giant black equilateral triangle craft hovering above. It slowly hovered toward us until it was directly over us. It emitted no jet engine sound, no conventional propulsion sound, no sound at all. It was completely silent. I also felt no wind from the movement of this massive craft. 

It was the size of a football field or larger and we could only see stars around the edges of it, vs the panoramic view we had seen beforehand. It was very close to the ground, approximately 50 to 100 feet above us. No metal rivets, strobes, spotlights, navigation lights, or lights were visible on the bottom of the craft. The bottom of the craft appeared to be made of a combination of something that looked like black glass and smooth black steel. I was totally mesmerized by what I was seeing! I remember looking over at my friend several times during the event to see how he was reacting and to see if he was seeing the same thing I was.

Then in the blink of an eye, with no sound, and again with no wind from the movement, it was gone. Again all the stars in the sky were visible. From our first spotting of the bright light until the time the craft was gone it seemed as if 7 to 10 minutes had passed. I turned to my friend and asked, "What did you think of all that?! What were you thinking?!" He responded, "I was just sending them love!"

Then suddenly I turned behind and to the right because I heard a loud engine noise. A black military-looking Hummer-type truck with black tinted windows was moving about 50 miles an hour between the railroad tracks and the buildings. It was kicking up a lot of small rocks and dust and seemed very out-of-place. I was surprised that someone could get away with driving at such speeds in a residential area. The vehicle headed East in the direction where the craft had originated. My friend and I then walked back to the house and told our significant others about our exciting, emotional, and life-changing event!

Before and after the equilateral-triangle UFO event I have had several conscious contact experiences, have experienced group missing time and relocation, and have had many dream-state contact and craft experiences. I have not done hypnotic regression to recall hidden memories, but plan to do so.

*The friends mentioned no longer live at this address.
