{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-07-01 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530794","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24671","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/794/mufon-5530794.json","updb_database_id":5530794}
Observation of four orange discs

I laid on my bed in my private room in the house from my parents and watched a documentation about a cruiseship in tv. My window after me was open, because it was mild outside (around 201C). Then I heard a sound of a thunder and thought that I must save my plants, which they stands on the terrace. Because a thunder can be follow with stormy winds and that one can damage plants. I went with worrys about my plants outside my room and something stopped me at the window in the hallway at first floor. 

I didn1t why but I have the feeling that something guided me to this window and I must look out. Then I must strech me too see the discs. The disc on the right side above sparkled. Faster than a second but constant. More right was the moon covered with a cloud and it was fullmoon. On the right side from the moon was the thundercloud, I heard the thunder at the begin from there, with violet color and teard edge. The discs was clear with no covered cloud as the moon and I could see no stars. And the approximately destination from these objects was south-east and the thunder came from south-west. I think that the distance from my observationplace and these objects was not more than 500 meter and they was bigger than the moon. 

I was a little shocked, because I didn1t expect to see something and standing at the window. Then I went back to my room an tried to see the discs from another window in these destination and I thought thats are a firework in the first time. I was excited and run back to the window where I see the object at the first time to make sure that are they be still there. It was so. Then I run to the terrace for my plants. I ran back to this window, they was still there again. And I remembered me that I must make a photo from these objects, also I run to the livingroom where are the camera. I take this and went back (yes I ran again) to the window, but the discs are not more still there, also the moon and the thunder. 

The discs was at time of observation at the same place and doesn1t move and must thought at the whole time at the objects. After this I went back to my room and I had fear. My mom ask me to open the door for our cat if she want to come in but I didn1t it because my fear. The only thing what I have done outside from room are use the bath at the opposite from my room. I thought thats could be that aliens are coming. 

And at the next day I realy recognize what happend in the last night. I nearly screaming if I saw a spaceship in the tv (watched a Star trek Episode at this day). I like Star trek but I had fear for the Enterprise at this day.
