{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-22 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483794","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/794/mufon-5483794.json","updb_database_id":5483794}
{jpg} Black sphere ascended, descended slightly then traveled horizontally

On April 22nd, 2016 at about 1:30 pm in St. Louis Park, MN my co-worker and I were on a smoke break behind our building when I noticed a small black sphere, at about 215 degrees SW from our vantage, quickly ascend straight up into the sky. It appeared to be 2-3 miles away. It ascended well past 1000 ft, stopped and descended about 100 ft and stopped. It proceeded to hover there, motionless. At this point I turned to my co-worker and pointed out this strange occurrence and she had a hard time seeing the black dot in the sky. As she attempting to see it an airplane flew in the mid ground, clearly lower then the object in the sky and I told her to look straight up from the planes position. At this point the object had been hovering for about 20 seconds. She then saw it, stood up, and started to walk in the direction of the object at which point the object started moving 0 to apparent airplane speed in an instant, moving from SE to NW. We moved quickly to maintain sight of the object as it passed behind a stand of trees to our immediate right. By the time we came around the trees the object was no longer visible. The whole sighting lasted a little longer than a minute. We were very excited as it looked completely unrecognizable to us. It was smaller then a plane but was perfectly spherical. It appeared as a black dot in the sky. When hovering it was completely motionless, unlike a helicopter which would move slightly when hovering. We thought it could potentially be a drone but it was well above legal flight altitudes, was much larger, and moved entirely to fast and smooth. It appeared to defy physics in its perfect standstill to immediate flight.
