{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-01 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283794","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119638","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2784,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/794/mufon-5283794.json","updb_database_id":5283794}
Elliptical/Cigar shape dark object with several moderate size rectangular lights along centerline. No sound heard despite relatively close distance.

Tracked object in 10x60 finder scope ( 5.0 deg. fov ) from an approx. bearing of 175 deg. az/ 22 deg. alt tp approx. 135 deg. Az /32 deg. Alt. Object moved at a constant velocity and no audible noise was heard. Body was nearly black with the outline barely visible against a very dark grey sky, fully obscuring background stars. There were a very small ( point source ) pair of while lights on the front end, one on the nose, the second on the front/lower edge. Most striking were a row of rectangular lights along the equator and centered front to back, occupying roughly a third of the length of the object. The illumination was moderate and whitish in color. It was these lights that caught my naked eyesight. 

When first seen, near the 1st magnitude star Fomalhaut, it appeared as a smeared or multipoint light, thought it was an airplane of some sort. The object was originally just to the east of Fomalhaut, heading west/northwest. When I decided to try to spot the object with my finder scope, I noticed it had changed direction in a short radius arc and was moving to the east/northeast, gradually gaining altitude and getting closer. Prior to disappearing behing the tree line to my east, the naked eye appearance took on a straight dashed line appearance. Through the finder, the object appeared as shown and described above. It was moving somewhat but not unusually fast, so I was, with difficulty, able to “track” it in the finder scope, albeit in a somewhat herky-jerky motion based on the movement I was imparting to the telescope by hand.

When the object disappeared behind the tree line, I abandoned my scope and went to grab my binoculars on a nearby table. By the time I got a hold of the binos and ran over to the road where I could possibly see the object through a gap in the nearby tree line, the object had disappeared from view. This is not to imply it sped up significantly, but rather by the time I could get to a favorable position, the object had time to move beyond a more distant tree lined hillside.
