{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291794","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111536","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2750,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/794/mufon-5291794.json","updb_database_id":5291794}
Aliens visiting me at home, they are see through but I see them and am able to interact to a degree.

nightly for a couple months at least I have been having some very strange experiences. I just woke up from like a catatonic state one night and realized all around my room was s hive of activities and I was seeing little 2-3 foot beings totally busy at work with something involving me but they were see through, almost like walking suran wrap at some points and like the lightest smoke you've ever seen at others. They also flash brightly sometimes but as quick as a blink. Like a small volt of flashing electricity. The more t time goes on the clearer I can see them and they will interact with me when they realize I see them. We will both wave or tilt our heads back and forward. It usually starts the same, i will notice the ground and my chair shaking as if t hey are coming up through the ground or when their craft lands or possibly when they beam in because someimez i can see a beam sound them and they will float up and down from the ceiling and floor slowly but can travel through each at will. I feel at times they ate touching me in the back or on the feet but when they touch me from the back I am in a recliner or bed usually and it seems they have the ability to do whatever they want without anyone noticing and with no issues with the physical restrictions we have as humans. I feel insane saying this on here but I have report to somewhere. There have also been times when I seem to be on possibly a craft at times when my eyes are closed but when I openin just at home. I know it sounds nuts but maybe someone can make some sense of this or help me with some information. It makes me want to get out there and get involved. Everyday I have more questions but also feel closer to an answer.T this is just one type of many kinds of experiences I've had over time. I've been held down regularly over the years and been held still. I've awaken to i swear I giant man lizard in a red outfit screaming in my face and o was screaming. My ex wife saw that as well. Sometimes it's very scary and sometimes I feel like please take me with you. So strange.
