{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-10-13 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548794","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2848,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/794/mufon-5548794.json","updb_database_id":5548794}
Hudson, WI--Sighting of Approximately 6 UFOs Behind Chem-clouds.

9:30 p.m. CST
October 13, 2007
Hudson, Wisconsin

Sighting of Approximately 6 UFOs Behind Chem-clouds.

There is a very large window in my second floor apartment. I turned off the television about 9:30 p.m. and went to the window to see if I could discover whether the clouds had cleared.

These 1clouds1 had been in the making all day by the double-barreled tanker planes that produce chemtrails. I was checking the sky because I was hoping to be able to open the windows to let in some fresh air. Since I just recently found information on chemtrails and am still learning about this, I wasn1t sure that it was safe to have my windows open if the 1chem-clouds1 were still there. 

While I was peering out the window into the dark sky, trying to determine whether I could see anything, a very large mass of light passed behind a chem-cloud showing me that, in fact, the chemtrails were still there. I would call this a 1ball1 of light, except the mass was diffused behind the chem-cloud so I couldn1t see any precise shape to it. But my guess was that it was a 1ball1 of light.

It didn1t make any sound. This wasn1t like anything I have ever seen before. Stars and planets and planes all have small points of sparkling light that are either stationary or traveling in a mostly straight path. This light was many times larger, like a huge cotton ball sliding down a winding path in order to stay behind the curved chem-cloud, swooping like a giant bird, covering much more distance than a plane. Its motion appeared almost playful.

It appeared in the east and swooped to the west. As soon as it was gone, about 5 to 10 seconds later, another one appeared in the east and swooped to the west like it was following the same identical winding path to stay hidden behind the chem-cloud.

When that one was gone, about 5 to 10 seconds later, another appeared. It finally dawned on me that I should start counting. So I can1t be positive, but I think that there were approximately 6 in all and identical in size, light, and path1except for the last one. That one surprised me when it got to the west side, because it turned slightly and came back a short distance before it disappeared.
