{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501505","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57539","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3492,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/505/mufon-5501505.json","updb_database_id":5501505}
{dr}Large blue light spotted hovering above mountains. Takes off south at sudden speed

I was driving home from work in my Jeep Wrangler around 11 o' clock at night headed due south. It was summertime so I had the roof off to keep cool since I don't have A/C. I was a little less than a mile away from my rural home which is situated high on the valley bench. I slowed down to about 25-30 mph as I approached some of my neighbor's houses. I then took a moment to glance up and look at the beautifully clear night sky. I noticed a gathering/party of sorts happening at the picnic/pavilion area halfway up the mountain due south of me in the direction I was headed. The pavilion lights were on and a camp fire was visible. After a moment I noticed something else bright in my view. I looked up and to my left where I saw a bright blue light sitting there motionless in the sky quite a distance away from me, a couple of miles away per say. It baffled me as I searched for an explanation. I took a second and then immediately dismissed the possibility of it being a star, planet, or any other celestial body due to its apparent size, color, and brightness. If I could compare it to anything else in my view it would be around the same apparent size and brightness of one of the pavilion lights far to the right and below it.

 I kept my gaze trying to distinguish what exactly I was viewing, I was feeling bewildered and fearful at this time. It wasn't flashing like any and every plane or helicopter I have ever seen before, it just kept its solid blue glow. After a moment the previously motionless object sprung to life and shot southward without acceleration. I took note of a new white light which could have been some sort of short trail towards the object's rear. Within the blink of an eye the object disappeared out of view over the pesky mountains.

 I sped home after what I saw and parked in the garage. I took note that my garage wouldn't close when I pressed the automatic buttons on both the remote in my car and the remote attached to the wall, the garage light did however flash like normal. I had to close the garage manually.. This malfunction could likely just be a coincidence though and is likely not caused by interference of any kind.

 I went inside and talked to my parents, who were in their room watching tv. I told them what I had just witnessed, but they were too tired to react much. I left and went to the kitchen to get some water. I could hear out the open window a couple of cows making loud screaming noises in the field behind our house. I was too frightened however to look out the window and investigate what was going on, this may or may not be related, it could have just been that the dumb cows were screaming for no reason for all I know. The whole thing really freaked me out!

 I immediately went to my room and wrote this report after this all took place.
