{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-06-15 22:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548505","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9952","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/505/mufon-5548505.json","updb_database_id":5548505}
Neon/electric green light: bright and vividly intense unlike any color I have seen.

I was being driven back to my girlfriends home late one evening, after viewing a movie at a nearby shopping mall complex in Sandton South Africa. When I experienced the event, we were in the Sandton suburb of Parkmore, not far from the movie theater complex.

Sitting in the front passenger seat, I noticed how dark and clear the night sky was, when I suddenly had the strongest premonition that I needed to look as high into the sky through the windshield as I could because something was about to happen. I leaned forward as far as I could and looked up through the top part of the windscreen, at which time a bright ball/circle of the most intense vividly neon green/electric light seemed to come at me from the depths of space. The way it brightened so fast resembled possibly how a locomotive might come at you through a tunnel. 

It appeared to travel forwards at me, hold my attention for a brief instant of time and then recede on itself, as though traveling back down a tunnel. This light did not move horizontally, vertically or diagonlly in the sky. It only appeared to come at me (increased brightness of the light) and recede in exactly the same manner (decreasing in brightness very fast). I sensed it as being extremely far away.

What struck me then was the almost ''clairvoyant'' nature of the whole event; that I knew in a split-second that something was going to happen in the sky above me.

The entire event lasted no more that about 12 seconds, yet it has remained very clear in my memory to this day.

I am an aircraft enthusiast and love anything that flies, generally. I know aircraft recognition lights and patterns and also helicopter beacon-lights and where they are placed on the airframe. At the time, I did not recognise it as anything familiar, but knew it was highly unusual. There were no aircraft in the sky at the time within my visual range (including my peripheral vision)

This ''light'' was neither fixed-wing or rotary-wing and like nothing I had seen before or have since then.

My girlfriend's mom Rachel, and Renee and myself were the only persons in the car. I alone observed the light-phenomenon. I said to them I had just seen a peculiarly colored light in the sky. We carried on home without stopping and without further incident.
