{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-06-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515505","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/505/mufon-5515505.json","updb_database_id":5515505}
{cak} glass like light suddenly exibits quite novelistic motion

I was with my friend who is now deceased. We were at Cape Horn on Highway 14 about seven to ten miles east of Camas, Washington. It is quite a beautiful view and my friend and I pulled over to enjoy the sights. It was near sunset and as we sat facing south, we could watch the commercial air traffic from the south fly straight toward us, destined for Portland. We could se the landing lights as they approached. About an estimated five miles south of us these lights would turn to the west on a final approach to PDX. We watched three or four planes to this at about seven minute intervals, maybe less. After the third or fourth light we saw another light appear, almost on que, just like another plane. At first the light seemed motionless then seemed to float up and down a bit, as an airliner might, flying straight toward you at a decelerating speed, gaining and loosing a bit of altitude as it prepared to land, or so we thought. Just before we expected this light to turn west toward the airport, it suddenly jumped all over the sky, just like you might aim a laser light on a wall then move your hand to make the light jump all over the wall. The squiggling light finally went to the west out of sight. We immediately attempted to follow but never saw the light again. When we first saw the unique motion we both bleated out at the same time, in unison, "Did you see that?" We were shocked but not at all frightened. I started the car and we headed off to try to get another look but never saw the object again. The light looked almost exactly like the other planes except was a shade or two more orange. There was nothing else unusual. 

I only report this now because I have been watching the UFO Files and want to finally add to the record. I expect nothing from this but will answer all followup questions.
