{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284505","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5661,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/505/mufon-5284505.json","updb_database_id":5284505}
Im Emanuel and my friend manny saw a mother ship over our building in the summer 1992

Around 1992 I Emanuel and manny was on the roof looking at the stars. It was dark around 8 or 9pm summer time and Bronx zoo across the street when I mother ship ufo was over us so big about a mile long disk shape and big white light flash on us and it was moving very slow going pass us then pass over the zoo. It was so big it covered 7 or more buildings and it had color lights all around it. But the big white light from under was very bright and there’s was a third guy with us who couldn’t see the ufo at all. And we ran out side and it was still over the roof looking a mile long and all the streets was white bright linger day light. There was around 50 people with us outside playing in the water pump and there was drug dealers selling drugs and family people playing music out there cars and none of them could see the ufo. The only people that was able to see the big ufo was me and manny and every single family member of his that was outside. I mean other people would look up and there did not see nothing like of them ufo chose us only too see it. Then around 1985 I was walking into the same building with my brother Robert and the building had no hallway windows cause there was all broken.and I was seeing out the 4 floor hallway window a big ufo disk shape with color light all around turning very pretty. Under it had the bright white light. And it was big as the moon when the moon Gets big at nights but close to the window and I’m watching it. I’m screaming Robert look look at the ufo and he sees it and says o wow. Years later I ask him about it he don’t remember nothing at all.
Around 1998 I was living at my mother in laws house depress there and late at night in the ghetto I wake up and ran to the window and see a glowing ufo flying In the sky so green disk shape clear so pretty. Anther time i was so sick around 1997 at 900 Bronx park south I couldn’t eat for a month and I go so skinny so weak and I had neck pains head pains chest and stomach pains and I was praying tu god to help me and I went to sleep light at night and woke up around 3am and ran to the window and seen a big black disk shape ufo flying away from my location and I was better. 

Around 2008 I took my daughter to my new address in the Bronx she was around 12 years old and we went to the roof late at night to look for ufos and we seen 3 ufos that night dish shape flying very high no lights gray dish and the third one was turning in wired ways like open and closing and flying pads us.  Another time around 1988 I was hanging out with lots of bad guys who hurt people and sell drugs at 900 Bronx park sound next to the Bronx zoo when we all started to go home I was walking in to the building and seen a geeen ufo levitating over the zoo and I was so Amazed and I always felt they was warning me or coming to see me. But as I got older I ask them one night not to bother me no more and I pray in Jesus name to protect me if ufos was evil to not let me see them no more and it’s been years I seen them. I mean I always look for them still but I don’t see them no more as I got more close to god. Don’t get me wrong me and manny never did drugs or drank. Years later manny went to fight in the army in Iraq and manny tells me in the war he was hearing a voice in his head when to take all his army men and run out the buildings and everytime the buildings would get blown up and soon all manny men was asking manny how do you know these places are going to get bomb and manny said a voice tells him. And manny men was looking at him like he had powers. Manny never hurt or kill on one at war because of the voice that was telling him to take his men and run that missiles are coming. I have more true story’s and they all with manny plus dreams that come true. Everything I wrote here I can Pass I lie detector on it. Me and manny Believe that count have been abducted many times but we don’t remember but we do get wired memories sometimes of being on a ship. Me on the floor of one but not much memory. 

Me and manny was the only people who was good who didn’t hurt or kill people. We always protect people from being hurt in the streets and we both always and still care for human life for all people. I don’t know if this is why ufos came to us. But we know there real we know there 57 different aliens grays and others. We know they come to study us mix our dna with there’s and some cases they try warn us about the Danger of war and nukes bombs and they don’t want us to hurt the Planet And it possible that they live here before us and under the ocean waters very deep and yes our government had made a deal with aliens to abduct humans and trade for Technology. And these ufo can time travel and do speeds that the eye can’t see and they choose when can see them. I don’t care and I will testify my storys on tv anywhere cause the truth needs to be told  

I wrote fast so please try to read and understand what I’m trying to say
