{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-30 06:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497505","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61852","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2752,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/505/mufon-5497505.json","updb_database_id":5497505}
{nd}mwitnessed a large planet sized light moving in a west to east trajectory that became triangle shaped when viewed with night vision

Me and a hunting buddy were arriving to our hunting camp and I had noticed an unusual amount of falling stars the last few miles before we reached camp. Once we arrived and started gearing up for the morning hunt I kept looking up at the sky and realized how unusually clear the night sky was. I've had a pair of night vision goggles for about 15 years but seldom get them out but this year I've carried them in my gear bag all hunting season. They are 3rd gen and very good goggles. I asked my hunting buddy if he had ever looked through a pair and he said no. I told him you wont believe the amount of stars visible through night vision compared to the naked eye. While we took turns looking up I noticed a planet sized star moving towards us from the west. At first it was hard to tell that it was moving but it was moving just enough to catch the eye. As it came closer it appeared very high and moving very fast. Since the night vision was out and the batteries installed we both viewed it as it move pretty much straight over head and just a little north of us. It turned out to be 3 white lights in a perfect triangle shape. I gave the goggles to Jason and asked him to look without telling him what I had seen. His account was different than mine but still strange. He said he was looking at 6 white lights in a hexagon shape with a red and maybe blue circle of light in the middle of the 6 white lights. I had time to look again before it went over the tree line and out of viewing but still viewed a perfect triangle of 3 white lights. Jason said it was probably an airplane but I told him the lights would have been blinking. We questioned whether it could have been a stealth aircraft or a satellite several times during the day and even a week later the question comes up. I've been an aircraft mechanic for 27years and never witnessed anything even close to what we saw. It was totally soundless and must have been very high considering the individual lights were not distinguishable without the aid of night vision.
