{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-15 02:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517505","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40309","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2671,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/505/mufon-5517505.json","updb_database_id":5517505}
i feel strongly that my wife and i have been abducted

i am a 26 year old man and my wife is 20 and we have never sufferd from sleep walking or anything like that... i wake up mostly every night to pee but for some reason i am scared of what i feel in my gut that is aliens and this is why,,, i am afraid of being abducted with my wife and now 1 year old daughter... something realy strange has happend to me and my wife,,, it was 2010 but i don't remember when... me and my wife have a small bed and we always sleep on the same side we never do things like tonight we will sleep where we lay our feet and tomorrow the other way around... but one morning we both woke up on the wrong side of the bed... THE 2 OF US.... we woke up with our heads where we lay our feet... we imediatly knew that it was something realy strange and we looked at each other like what just happend its imposible because our bed is to small we would of both had to have gotten up and leyd back down on the wrong side of the bed... i am writing this to mufon because this year i saw a show on discovery that said most of the people that have been abducted don't even know and i strongly feel that me and my wife are one of those people... this year 2012 i woke up one morning and my butt realy hurt alot,,, it felt like if i had just gotten an injection and it hurt for 2 days... this has never happend to me in my entire life befor or to my wife... then maybe like 3 weeks later my wife woke up and told me that her arm realy hurt and that she felt as if she had gotten an injection and i imediatly told her about the show i saw on discovery and that most of the people don't know that they have gotten abducted... i reminded her about that strange morning in 2010... this is why i am writing my story,,, i would like to know if this happens to other people... i am scared at night of being abducted with my family.... please MUFON call me to give me info and so that i can talk to one of youre specialist,,, i am sick i hardly cant sleep and i am feeling the effects of not sleeping... please call me 503 77508531
