{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-28 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518505","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38633","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/505/mufon-5518505.json","updb_database_id":5518505}
Large red glowing arrow shaped objects slowly crossed sky moving silently from south to north

Myself, son and my sons friend were fishing on Lake Hickory on Memorial Day. We were slowing moving heading toward where we launched the boat when my sons friend said what is that in the sky. We looked and could see about 5 objects in the sky at one time. They were moving slowly from south to north about a half mile or so up. We wanted a better view so we speed up the boat to the main channel of Lake Hickory near Moores Ferry Subdivision and stopped the boat to watch. The red glowing arrow shaped objects were spaced unevenly across the sky and one at a time would disappear into the clouds to our north (Alexander county side)about 30 degrees from horizon. We watched to the north as the last one was getting close to going into the clouds out of site and then to our south another one comes above the horizon in our site moving slowing in the same direction. There was a few clouds in the sky but they were not moving much at all and were lower then the objects as the objects would go behind the clouds and come out the other side. It would take about 5 minutes for the objects to come in then go out of sight to our north. The objects appeared to be floating across the sky, and the size of them were large about 1/4 the size of a full moon or so. The triangle part was about 1/3 the size of the length of the shaft. This is my best guess but I would say they were 75 feet to maybe as much as 150 feet long and maybe 50 feet wide. We got one picture of the object with my older cell phone but it doesnt look like nothing more then a small reddish dot. In all we saw about 10 objects as one would appear about every 5 minutes or so. We noticed that only one fast moving bass boat passed us in the 30 minutes we were sitting there but they didn't see it I guess because this would really grab your attention as it was like nothing I had ever seen, bright glowing red like neon glows and had a slight flickering to the color. I came home and google searched the computer but found nothing, also watched the Charlotte news channels and heard nothing. Today I called the Hickory Airport, the lady said she had no other reports and at 9pm they close the tower. I know someone had to see these things in the sky somewhere in Catawba or Alexander county.
