{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488505","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71137","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3930,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/505/mufon-5488505.json","updb_database_id":5488505}
{nd} I was a child, was brought aboard craft. I was not abused. I lived it. They made me feel safe. Human like. beautiful.I

This was October 1973, possibly 1974. It was a common occurrence for my mother and I to observe strange objects it the air that looked like nothing we have ever seen. Triangular objects that would stop and start randomly. Objects that were more circular that would move vertically as well as horizontally. It seemed as it they were preforming for us. It was explained , by my mother, that they were "experimental" air craft from the air force base in Columbus MS. We looked forward to our entertainment. One fall evening, my parents were in the house and I was outside alone. I wandered several hundred yards behind our house and felt, heard, and saw simultaneously a large, cigar/blimp shaped object. A fat cigar or skinny blimp. It was a dull pewter color. Then it emitted a white light down. The craft was not on the ground, but hovered just below tree level. I was drawn to the light, had a feeling of total comfort, almost euphoria. I have no idea how I got there, but I came to in a room with no windows, there were no lights, but it was very bright. there were 3 male and 1 female human-like "people" there. The men looked like super athletes. close to 7 feet tall. Blond hair, blue eyes which were a little larger than normal. The clothing was plain, but skintight, almost appeared to be painted on. The woman was a few inches shorter, very curvy. I was only 7-8 years old, but I immediately had a feeling of comfort, trust...and even attraction to her. As I was looking around, I had no discomfort, all I could move was my eyes and head. They touched me, had something like a wand and went all around me with it, the entire time we communicated but didn't talk.  It was primarily them telling me the evils of nuclear power/weapons and to always do all I could to stay away from and stop its use. They also told me that they would be watching after me and "mine", not to worry, I would always be taken care of. Over the next few years, I had communication with them, but it was less vivid memory. I would be asleep, have almost a feeling of a dream I was aboard, then wake up in a chair outside. I always felt great after these visits. I found my self looking forward to these.  I told my mother after the first and every other encounter I had.  She told me that she believed me and that it could be real or could be a dream. But convinced me not to tell anyone else, because they would not understand and it would make life hard on me. Some time later I noticed a 2-3 cm hard object just under the skin on my left outer mid-thigh. I have asked several doctors, but have had no explanation on what it is. I have had spontaneous pneumothorax (collapsed lung for no apparent reason) 5 times as a teenager. No problems since. I put this repressed, or did not think that this could be real, as these were not bad experiences and were not like aliens that I have read about. I did a search on the internet to find a movie, and a picture of the type of "people" that took me came up. That is when I have had a flood of these memories return.  
I have a great life, I am a successful eye doctor, with a wonderful, healthy family. I just had to report this and want to know if there are any other similar reports.
