{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-26 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529669","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25847","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6332,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/669/mufon-5529669.json","updb_database_id":5529669}
Probe seen at Ann Morrison Park

I was at Ann Morrison Park with my 8 year old son and a family friend of ours playing frisbee golf. As we finished one of the holes and began to walk our family friend asked me what that was in the sky. I saw something in the sky just kind of hovering there. 
 I am a new resident to Boise and my wife who lived here in the past always asks me if I have seen any hot air balloons since we moved here. When I first saw the object I assumed that is what it was, a hot air balloon. But then, as I looked more closely I saw that what I was looking at was not a balloon. It was angled on all sides. I noticed shadows on the side of it being cast by the setting sun. I immediately began to walk towards the object. I noticed as soon as I started walking that whatever this was, wasn't far away at all. With every step I could see that I was getting closer to it. When I was, what I approximate to be 40 yards from the object, which also in my approximation was 200' off the ground, I stopped and watched. It was shifting what appeared to be just a few feet from side to side. Not a rocking motion, but a deliberate shift with a pause and sometimes up to a minute in between shifts. It would also on some occasions move quickly from one side to the other. There was absolutely no vertical movement whatsoever. Also, the object made precise rotating movements. The only way that I can compare it to something that most people are familiar with is the way that gears 'click' in a clock. Only the sudden movements would go a 'click' or two in one direction and then one 'click' back. Followed by, for example, 3 right-1 left, etc. I stood (40 yards approx. away) for 20 or so minutes watching and trying to rationally to figure out what this thing was. I worked in the aviation field for 11 years before moving to Boise and I am very familiar with airframes and propulsion systems. The only thing that man has in the air that could even remotely resemble this object would be a satellite and even that bears VERY little resemblance to this object. It was pewter in color with a bit of a shine on it. There were black markings on the object. There were also two circular patterns (?) on either side of it. There was no sound. 
 After the 20 minutes or so had passed, I started walking towards the object with my son and friend. We continued slowly until we were standing directly underneath it. We stood there for roughly 5 minutes. While standing there, the object made a split second 360 degree rotation. This happened from a still position and immediately following the rotation, was dead still again. We continued on the path we were on walking straight from the spot we were originally watching from until we were 20 yards or so behind it. The craft wasn1t symmetric on all sides. The sides of the craft seemed to be the same, but what I refer to as the 1front and back1 of the craft are only relative to what it seemed to be. The 1front and back1 of the craft were not the same. It had different angles on these sides. We then slowly proceeded around the object, on the west facing side, keeping our 20 yard distance, until we were at our original vantage point approximately 20 yards in front (where we stood for 20 minutes upon first approaching the object). 
 That is when things started to get creepy. Before my eyes, I saw an orangish/white light come on the bottom of the object. As I am wondering what I am seeing, the craft seamlessly turned from this angled three dimensional shape into an oval, egg shape. It still hadn1t moved and made no sounds. My son and friend started to get scared so we began to walk away. I kept my eyes on the object as we walked away and as we walked it changed again. This time to a very slim boomerang shape with the rounded end facing skyward. The time the object spent with the egg shape and boomerang shape was probably 60 seconds to 2 minutes. When it changed to the boomerang shape we again stopped and watched as it began to 1flex and wobble1. It still hadn1t moved since we first saw it. At that point, approximately 30 seconds into wobbling it looked as if it disappeared into a cloud. I thought that was odd since the sky was clear for the most part. How did the object travel from 2001 off the ground and seem to enter a cloud and disappear without any obvious movement? 
  If you1ll notice the date of the sighting and the date I am posting this, you1ll see some time has gone by since the sighting. I have been researching what this could1ve been and it appears that what I saw was a 1probe1. I am posting the crummy pictures that I was able to make with my cell phone. Zoom in and you can see that the entire time I was watching the object it appears, in the pictures at least, to nearly constantly change shape. The light that appeared orangish/white looks red in the photos. Many other people witnessed the sighting with me at the park. At no point during the sighting did I feel afraid. The word that I would use to describe the way that I felt was 1awe1. Whatever this object was had technology that so far surpasses our own that it is indescribable. It wasn1t until I got home and was able to sit and think about what I had seen that an eerie feeling set in. 
  The object was first observed at approximately 7:20 in the afternoon on 9/26. It disappeared into a cloud at approximately 8:00. I even mapped the spot on google earth: 43136138N, 116113115W.
