{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-17 07:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454669","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106944","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3154,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/669/mufon-5454669.json","updb_database_id":5454669}
Organized flight path of over 40 ufo´s in single file.

Went out front door for a cigarette as dont smoke in the house, an noticed a moving star. I always observe the stars. More so now Venus is very bright an close to orions belt. This is the view i was looking at when i saw the first unblinking light moving from just above the planet Venus going towards the star directly above orions belt. This took about 15 seconds . Then a second moving star came into veiw from the exact same spot and followed the exact same flight path. The gap between them was roughly like the size of my elbow to my finger tip? Whiched looked like maybe half a mile? Then came a 3rd then 4th. All same size all same path, ALL Coming from same point in sky BUT only from that point. As if coming from a portal? Could see nothing. Coming from nothing? I then came an got my partner to come and see. She was in the house. She watched for a little an went back in. I how ever was fascinated and continued to watch. Iwent back in an said there is now 10 that i have counted come watch with me. Must of missed a couple coming to get you. She wouldnt come. I watched another 10 all in single file , all same distance apart . I came an asked again, but she would not come. Again i watched another 10, then went to try get her to watch with me. Was a little anoyed she didnt find it fascinating an possibly something that may end up as a historical event. She still wouldnt come. I tried to find a phone number on internet as this had to be reported. Found noithing after 3mins and went back outside as didnt want to miss any more. I continued to keep seeing them come complete organisation for a little while, then noticed one that was slightly higher than alll the others and going one and a half times faster than the others. Must of SEEN about 40. An miss about 20? But this could of been going on longer than when i first went out. They had seemed to of stopped, then i noticed another one flying out of sink an going over our house. Didnt seem to have any interest , strage was not following the rest. I then came into find you guys so it was documented. May still be going on. My partner was not to interested as i have showed her many different times. We see planes every second of the day an night where we live plus ive witnessed many small bits of space debris enter our atmosphere . Im fully aware of what i was seeing. But never this many at once. Something is about to happen? We do get strange finger prints in strage places that have been photoed on glass plus other unexlained lights
