{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490669","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68911","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3065,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/669/mufon-5490669.json","updb_database_id":5490669}
{nd} Many other like lights that were stream lined (following one another) then disappearing into clouds in the horizon.

I live in a valley area in the mountains of WNC. There are typically cesna type airplanes along with your typical jet airliners and our medical helicopter that usually only appears when someone needs to be with lifted to one of the ICU units in Asheville NC of Johnson city tn. I don't quite exactly remember if it was before July 4th or after. All I do recall is after I seen what I seen and made the following phone calls that I did I haven't seen anything before or after like this period. The sky is clear warm summer night for these mountains very enjoyable. I had an interest in ufos and etc at the time but no where near like I do now because of it. I think I may have been setting off bottle rockets or something like that. I looked up on my ridgelines as I have two of them o. Either side of my house here and noticed lights shaped like white orbs and then disappearing as they centered somewhere straight ahead of my house. The other extremely odd thing that was happening was these lights were on either side of these ridges going the same direction then when they disappeared it was as if clouds had suddenly appeared and there was constant lighting in the distance as if lighting off for every single orb that passed by. I asked my dad to come look at these lights and light show because I thought they might be black ops helicopters and my dad had worked on the electrical systems when he was I. The army (1991 - 1993). My dad came outside and observed soon noting like I did that there was no noise at all. Next he told me to call the sheriff's department to find out if the military might be doing training in th e area. They said they didn't know of anything going on and said to call the airports to inquire. Called 2 different local airports and they said they knew of no training going on and nothing on radar. So with that mindboggled by the time I hung up the phone with the last person the lights and lighting had stopped. I haven't spoke anything of this publicly as I was mindboggled and didn't know who to report it too. I'm doing so now in hopes maybe someone out there has been something similar and can enlighten me on what this was. Again as I mentioned I haven't seen anything in the skies before or after like this at all. I've been from here to CA looking to the skies hoping to see the same event and never have.
