{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-05 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509669","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48748","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3046,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/669/mufon-5509669.json","updb_database_id":5509669}
{dr}Black orb seen from distance without movement, appeared like balloon but flashed multiple colors before surise, stopped flashing after sunrise

My mother and I work every day at four in the morning in a bar in Encinitas. When we arrived, I did not notice the orb. Normally, the sky is dark and there are no signs of stars because it is either too misty or too cloudy. Nearby, there is a 7-11 where I get a cup of coffee. Before I leave to get coffee, I do a bit of cleaning and head back to the car to retrieve the cup. When I went to get it, I noticed a faint display of colors, rotating in the sky. From the distance, it appeared to be a helicopter or an airplane, but there are no airports in the area. I brushed it off and opened the door to the car and grabbed the cup. When I looked back up, the lights had changed from orange to blue to white and so on. Then I could make out a dark shape that seemed to be changing in shape. I didn't understand, so I went and told mom about it. She came out with me, thinking I was crazy. When she looked into the sky, all she said was "Wow! What is that?" I didn't know what to tell her, but she took out her phone to take pictures. As dawn approached twilight, the shape was beginning to show more and more. Shapeshifting, it was hard to make out what it was doing. Below it, maybe some 20ft away, we saw a green light, blinking as if following it. Through moms phone, all we saw was the green light, but not the orb with the colors. We wondered for minutes what it meant. I took out my own phone, but the camera is old and it made out nothing. Several times, we went back and forth, going in then coming back out to check up on it. Not once did it move, even drift, so it couldnt be a balloon. An hour later, when twilight arrived, we made out a pure spherical object. It shone blue/black and there was a blinking white light under it, no longer in colors. It also appeared to be rotating, with little bumps on the sides. Finally, sunrise, and I was able to take video with my camera but all you can see is a dot in the sky. Today, July 6th, we went to work again but we saw no sign whatsoever of the orb.
