{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508073","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50432","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/073/mufon-5508073.json","updb_database_id":5508073}
{cak} Noticed sphere while taking photos of aerobatic plane at airshow.

I attended an airshow at the New Garden Flying Field on Saturday, August 24, 2013. A friend, his wife, and I had set up lawn chairs at the far southwest area of the field to watch the show. My camera is a Canon EOS 5D Mark III with a Canon EF 70-200mm f/2.8L IS II USM Autofocus lens.

At exactly 1 p.m. I was photographing an aerobatic biplane doing his routine. After 2 or 3 shots, while looking through the viewfinder, I thought I saw an object in the smoke trail of the plane. I thought perhaps something had fallen from the plane. I figured it hadnt come from inside the plane as it had an enclosed cockpit. As the plane moved off to the side I took several more shots of the smoke trail just to be sure I caught whatever it was I originally saw. I then turned to ask my friend if he was seeing this too but he was talking to his wife so I turned back to take some more pictures but I could no longer find the object.

Since the screen is too small on my camera to see properly, I waited until I got home to review my pictures. It was then that I noticed a sphere at the very bottom of the first picture almost directly in a line beneath the plane and rising a bit higher in the second picture. In the third picture, the sphere can be seen now above the biplane. This was all in a matter of about 5 or 6 seconds.

The remaining shots of just the smoke trail appear to show the object begin to flatten out into more of a disk shape. It was at that point that I lost sight of the object.

I showed the emailed the pictures to my friend and he replied that he also thought he saw a glimpse of something during the routine but he wasnt sure what it was.

When I first looked at the pictures I thought it might be some sort of weather balloon but that air space was restricted during the show and it would be more than foolish to release a balloon during that kind of event.
Also, I felt that the object ascended much faster than I would suspect a balloon might and when it reached an altitude above the biplane it seemed to stop rising. Thats when it appeared to become disk shaped and move to the left.
