{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504073","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54829","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2401,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/073/mufon-5504073.json","updb_database_id":5504073}
{rjl} Myself and 4 others watched as a craft flew extremely slow directly over our heads. The craft turned on a beam of light directly onto one of my friends that stayed as the craft passed over and then turned off.

This is sometimes hard for people to believe, I sometimes wonder if I believe it myself. I and 4 others were walking into a gravel quarry outside of Freeport, Il in the summer of 1997. I was the first to notice a really bright light in the West. The others first dismissed the light as a star. For some reason I stayed fixated on the light as we kept walking. Soon the light was to bright to ignore and we all started watching it as it approached directly toward us. The object was moving extremely slow, I would measure maybe 5-10 mph. As it approached, what had appeared to be one bright light was now visibly 2 bright lights in the front and smaller lights in the rear and sides. As it came closer I could begin to hear a silent noise that I can only describe as a hovering sound or "quiet mechanical air". What happened next is what makes this too hard to believe. As the craft was almost 15 to 20 feet directly above us, a light came on and projected down straight onto one of the friends I was with. This image will be burned into my brain for the rest of my life. When the beam shined onto him we all began to run and as I looked back I saw him take cover behind a nearby pile of gravel. The light stayed on him as the craft continued to travel east over the treeline and then turned off. This was not a helicopter or an ultra light plane. After the craft had flown past the treeline we looked back in the direction it had come from and saw 4-5 of the same lights heading in seperate directions from West to North. I have reoccurring dreams about the event, and think about it constantly.
