{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-02-06 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502073","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56948","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3003,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/073/mufon-5502073.json","updb_database_id":5502073}
{cak} It started 5:30am in Feb 2006, strange irregular glowing 3-D shape on bedroom wall, pulsating from red to orange and to yellow and then an entity appeared on my chest with big black eyes and clay like skin

It started 5:30am in Feb 2006. I was suddenly awakened by a strong feeling of some presence in the room. The room was very quiet, so no sound woke me. I was lying on my back and i turned my head to look at the clock and it said 5:30 am and i remember thinking , that i had just 1 more hour to sleep until i had to get up for work. Then while my head was still turned I noticed this fairly large irregular 3 Dimensional shape on the wall behind my alarm clock, it was pulsating with red turning to orange and then yellow continuously without any sound, i was scared but fascinated and as i tried to move i couln't i was immobile, and then I felt this strong presence on my chest, but there was no weight to it, and I tried to turn my head back to see what it could be, I kept trying , until I finally was able to move my head back but it took a lot of effort. When I finally managed to turn my head back, this is when I saw the entity, it looked right into me, It had large black shiny eyes almost like glass and the skin was a dull matt grey , it looked like clay with folds in the skin, the nose was just two pin holes with a very small mouth, it had a flat expression, this scared me so much I let out a scream so loud, and the entity then reacted with putting his very long finger on the left side of my temple and a flash of light, like electricity went through my temple and as this happened the entity disappeared like it never existed. By this time my husband at the time who was sleeping next to me woke up, he heard me scream, and I asked him if he had seen anything or felt anything and he said no.
The whole day at work, i was thinking about the experience. I was embarrassed by my experienced that I only told a few close friends and family, but even some were making fun of it. So I did not speak much of it anymore. However ever since I have had that experience, a month later I started getting these terrible headaches. I have been to many specialists and neurologists and brain scans, no one knows why I have these headaches, and 8 years later, I am still with the headaches.
