{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-12 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284073","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2197,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/073/mufon-5284073.json","updb_database_id":5284073}
ufos in two possible forms.

During August of 2016 I was awake early one morning for the Perseids Meteor showers. After apps. 30mins of viewing meteors I was standing looking direct north, I noticed a very bright light coming out of the direct west at treetop height. With no sound at all the object continued to pass over me glowing bright white to where I had to squint to almost blinking out. This happened four to five times while object was in view. I understand that this may be a meteor but I have seen meteors and this did not behave in any way or with any characteristics of any I’ve seen. As I was looking dumbfounded towards the west where I could last see this object, I noticed 3 “stars” very high in the sky…in an L shape position. They were extremely bright and seem to be shimmering more than normal so I continued to watch them. After about 5mins the “star” at the top of the L moved to the bottom right point of the L, as soon as that happened the “star” at the bottom point of the L shot up a little bit and then almost liked it was sucked out of the sky, disappeared , Leaving two “stars” next to each other as if cat eyes. I watched these objects for about another 45mins until I realized my neck was in extreme pain from the strain. They did not move. And this is how I left them. I understand what I saw was during a meteor shower and very possible to be that and so my hesitation to report this was Because of this reason but due to recent times and my research into this phenomenon I do not believe it was meteors that could complete each task as I witnessed it.
