{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-17 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548135","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/135/mufon-5548135.json","updb_database_id":5548135}
ufo fleet

At approximately 2:30 pm, two witnesses and I were at a cemetary in 
"--------" holding a "ghost hunt" research on the graveyard. We had cameras, cell phone & digital camera/video taker present. 

We were deciding where we wanted to start first and took a brief look around & talked about it for a brief time. I suggested that we take a look upward from time to time to check out the big expanse of sky above us for any unusual activity that might occur and when i initially said this, i took a look upward in one direction, then turning my head to another part of the sky, I then exclaimed something on the idea of "what the heck is that?" 

Both witnesses with me looked skyward where I was looking and we all saw what appeared to be row after row of same sized circles of "vapor" spaced equally in a shape that was a perfect rectangle, traveling overhead diagonally.

I was in disbelief & stood frozen for a short time as we all gazed upward. I remember one witness ask "are you getting this?" and I suddenly snapped out of what i think was a touch of shock & started taking pictures fumbling over my camera options trying to set it on automatic to get still shots before they got too far away. i managed to get a few digital camera shots in. I switched my kodak easy share 2710 digital camera to videoand fumbled for few minutes while i tried to focus on them.

At this time they were further off in the distance and i tried to zoom in on them, but had some difficulty. With my eye & the video, i did notices that a second fleet seemed to come into view further off. I had trouble filming the target because the sun was shining on my back therefore my face was reflecting on the screne where you view what your filming before taking a picture or when taking a video. i had to use my eyes to line up the best i could with the ufo fleet passing by.

one witness didn't get anything, they were using there cell phone & the other witness did get some still shots in.

Overall what we all had seen that day was highly unidentified, definately not a plane, or planes. I am certain they were not clouds & certain it was no blimp, or balloons or even planes that make messages in the sky.

They were all the same size, vapor circles, traveling all toether in unison, after they went in a cloud (or above) they came out a little disorganized than their regular formation, but kept traveling and apparently there was another group that joined them. They appeared to be heading from "----" toward i believe "-----". 

This sighting took place on Sunday, August 17 at approximately 2:30pm.

I believe what we saw as unidentified. 
I was shocked, excited, baffled, amazed at the time of sighting & after sighting.
the objects actions and motions were: traveling rather slow, uniform formation of rectangle (like an army) not uniform while further away and no trails were visible on each individual craft.
I did not know wht the object was when i first saw it. I was baffled and in a bit of shock, dazed.
i looked upward and noticed the formation after exclaiming that my witness and I should do so now and again while "ghost hunt" was in progress.
we didn't lose object, object kept traveling quietly into the distance. There was no noise what so ever, except a plane approaching formation of moving objects. I could not find the plane while video taping.
