{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491135","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68438","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2997,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/135/mufon-5491135.json","updb_database_id":5491135}
{rjl} UFO spotted by 2 wittnesses, Descended/Ascended, Took off.

My wife(girlfriend at the time), and I were star gazing at the time, in a spot we liked due to a wide sky view. Soon into our gazing, we noticed a pulsating light. (Yellow, White and Orange). It could also be describbed as orb-like. It descended, then ascended, a few times and Sarah( the girl with me) was extremely excited. I held reserve, just because I didnt think these motions were too, "outlandish", But, what really has meconvinced that this is an authentic UFO was what immediately followed. It ascended one final time, and began to grow far brighter, and when it peaked in it's brightness, it seporated into two orbs. When this occured it's movements became much more complex. One orb remained stationary and the other rotated around it, at a relatively fast speed too. Then, the rotating orb stopped and then the other orb stayed stationary while the opposing orb rotated, they completely switched functions. Then they both dimmed, and joined back together. The light peaked again and again they seporated, the both descended and ascended adjacent to one another, and on their ascent they joined together one last time. To the far left in the sky, we then heard the whopping of a helicopter,it was dark with no lights on the front nor the back like they usually have. As soon as it got close to the orb('s), they pulsed and disappeared really fast. And the helicopter just kept flying and soon was out of sight and could not be heard. What happened next I'm not sure what it was, but within 20 seconds after both the orbs and the helicopter disappeared there was this terrible smell all around us, extremely foul and right as we both smelled it we became very uneasy, scared and felt the need to flee. We got off the top of the car and left. Finaly, the next day we returned to the same dirt road that came to the field we were in and there was a single large Pale green military "humvee" (if that is how you spell it). But as soon as we saw a military vehicle, we knew we had betteer leave. But look up Windber PA. The closest place to get a vehicle like that is at least 30 miles away, and it had NO REASON to be on this old dirt road in the middle of nowhere, and its not like they just lend these things out. But, that is our experience. Strange, not as extreme as some other stories I've heard but still very unsettling.
