{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524135","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31755","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2416,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/135/mufon-5524135.json","updb_database_id":5524135}
bright lights (2) seperate objects just behind cloud cover

A group of us (6) were sitting on our friends back deck of their house listening to music, talking, and drinking. I had been looking out and up at the sky the entire evening, when suddenly, two very bright lights appeared almost directly above us. At first, It appeared as though someone may have been shining a couple of very large spot lights up into the sky, but the trajectory would have required for them to be doing so from our position where we were sitting. In addition, there was no light beam eminating from the ground, and, as I looked closer, the lights appeared to originate from above the clouds, not shining on to them from below. The two seperate lights measured (best guess) about 20'across?? They lights sat stationary for a moment, then began to move in erratic directions across, back, forth zig zag, etc. all while staying directly over our head. There was no soung apparent, nor smell, or any other indicators. Then one light disappeared for a moment, only to reappear furhter across the horizon. It then disappeared from that spot and reappeared back above us.

This went on for about 5 minutes. then, just as quickly as they appeared they disappeared. The more I thought about it, the more I realized these lights were certainly not emminating from the ground and their size, color, and movement was not normal. I would love to know if anyone else reports this sighting as well. The other thing is that even if it were spot lights, they would have to have been huge to create this, and they would have to have been right where we were on the ground. Also, why would they just show up at 12:30 in the morning...we were in a neighborhood and there are no businesses around that are/were utilizing those type of lights for they business promotion.
