{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-31 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484135","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2686,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/135/mufon-5484135.json","updb_database_id":5484135}
{nd} Our 4 year old son told us it was an airplane. We knew it was something else though.

We were driving home from my dad's house when our 4 year old son says "mom" "dad" it's an airplane! We were at the stoplight headed north east. It was a little after 10 pm when we first encountered the object in the sky. As I observed it more I noticed the shape was not like a normal airplane or aircraft I have ever seen. It was in the shape of a triangle with two even sides and one side longer than the other two. On each corner of the object were extremely bright white lights. In between each of the white lights were a set of reddish orange lights. I tried to capture a photo but my girlfriends phone was oddly too low to capture one. As we came off the light we studied it harder and noticed as we passed it it stayed above us and didn't seem to be moving at all. We were very confused but also curious to know what it was exactly. We wondered are we the only ones seeing this for it was in a open sky over a park and very low. No lower than about 300 to 500 feet. About a quarter mile down the bend we lost sight of it but ended up coming across another one on our right side going south east at this time. This object was the exact same as the one we just seen not even a mile apart from each other. No two planes would be that close to each other in the sky. This object seemed to be moving slowly like a helicopter but simply by the shape could not be one. We didn't hear the chopper rotors so we knew it simply wasn't. We hit a patch of trees coming around a bend as we came up to the light. Once we hit the clearing I noticed it vanished from the sky. I looked as far I can see in the direction it was going but there was nothing to be seen. Just gone like that. Whatever it was had to be a very fast moving object to lose my sight like that. As I write this I still wonder what it could of been and wish to have been able to know. It was a very exciting experience altogether.
