{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-05-10 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522135","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3617,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/135/mufon-5522135.json","updb_database_id":5522135}
sighting of a ufo creature

I saw this ufo entity in 1993. I love sci-fi movies and tv shows like taken , star trek, close encounters of a third kind. But each time I see these types of shows nothing reflects the alien entity that I saw. 

I was at the (2 location moved to FI box) cms 12/11/11 07:43 cst flg in Paradise Valley. I was a house guest the owner Geordie Hormel produce or funded Phoenix Lights. I was not involved in any way with the people he hired to do the project. I was (3 name moved to FI box) cms 12/11/11 07:43 cst flg junior high school friend Geordies wife. There house is approx 54,000 foot mansion. Its the ( 1 location moved to FI box) cms 12/11/11 07:43 flg in Phoenix. It can help you with perspective and location. 

Now the good stuff, I was on the second level balcony outside having a cigarette. It was night time. As I looked out over the view of Phoenix I saw that there was a balloon hovering close by their 400ft sunroom. When I saw it is was backlight so I only saw the silhouette of it. I thought it was a mylar balloon the ones with the leg that say something like Happy Graduation, or Congrats. So, being Im a noisy person, and I thought to myself oh one of these rich people had a party and one of the balloons had flown away. I wanted to see what type of event it was so I fixed my eyes on it. I floated close and closer from the darkness more to the light the mansion emitted(outside lights). It was about 100 feet in the air about 200 ft from me. That is when I noticed the surface of the creature, it was in the shape of butterfly wings that were fixed they were not fluttering, its legs where like chicken legs with 3 toes dangling, the surface of this thing was like raw hide, and the wings were 
exto-skeleton(meaning the bones ran along the perimeter of the wings. I thought to myself Oh please don't scare me, because I knew I was going to see this creature eye to eye. I turned away and in that same second it create a great suctioning sound like a giant suction vacuum then a car appeared on the street at the source of the sound, which was hard for me to believe after the incident because on that street you can hear car come from miles away in that direction, I looked back and the creature was gone.
The night was still meaning no wind. Years after I saw a balloon being tossed around in high winds and it reminded me of that night how this balloon like floating creature was steadily floated towards me. slow, steady.
I never thought about reporting this but I feel I should. I never saw anything like this in ufo reports or the small men creatures i see portrayed in films.I know I saw a live being flying out on the horizon not far from me. If the balloon was picked up by wind I would of seen it because like I said I had the city light lighting up the sky. I have like superman vision I see things from a far. I would of been able to track this balloon. After the sound and what I saw I ran inside, I was scared.
Nothing else ever has happened after this.
