{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-06-27 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530135","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25350","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/135/mufon-5530135.json","updb_database_id":5530135}
Boomerang object, slow pulsing rear red lights, very bright forward lights no sound

This is the actual NUFORC report I filed 3 years after the sighting...I didn't want anyone to think I was crazy. Kept it to myself and my employees (4)and my family at the time. I called our local police department the next morning to see if anyone else had reported anything "strange" the past evening--they asked me to elaborate--I was very embarrassed to say UFO--I even said "...please don't think I am crazy or anything but I saw something in the air very strange" --the officer kind of blurted a small laugh and asked me to hold...came back and simply said "no, we had no reports of any kind like that". I said thank you and hung up. I corresponded with Peter Davenport at NUFORC via email...I told him I had numerous sketches (which I do) and he asked me to forward them to him--I declined. I don't have anything I can scan with nor did I want to take the time to do so. I was just too worried about being embarrassed as I was a local business owner.

This whole incident is still vividly etched into my memory...every last detail. Much more than I could type into a paragraph or two. Amazing. I still discuss this with my Dad who is a prominent Physicist and is amazed at the detail that I can relate in my accounting.

Thanks for listening.
[Name removed/cms/tg]

NUFORC Home Page
Web Report Indexes : by Event Date | by Location | by Shape | by Posting Date

National UFO Reporting Center Sighting Report
Occurred : 6/27/2000 22:50 (Entered as : 06/27/2000 22:50)
Reported: 7/10/2003 3:27:12 PM 15:27
Posted: 7/16/2003
Location: Sewell (Washington Township), NJ
Shape: Triangle
Duration:1-2 minutes
observed UFO at two different times within 1-2 minutes time

As I was driving home from work that night I noticed 2 large "headlights" in the sky about 10 o'clock to my position. I was at a stoplight when I thought that it was very close to the ground (est. 500-600ft) and couldn't imagine an airplane being in such close proximity. It was at this point when I realized that it appeared to be stationary and not moving. It was approx. 1/8-1/4 mile down range and to my left as I was at the traffic light and as I continued on my way the road curves to the left and the object was now directly to my left about 9 o'clock and still 500-600 ft in the air. At this point I stopped my car in the middle of the road and rolled down the window to try and hear if it was a hovering helicopter or something. It was dead quiet and now I could see that there were two distinct red pulsing lights to the rear of this object. They pulsed slowly and intermittently. I stared at this object in utter disbelief all the while waiting for another car to come by so I could verify this with someone else. There were no other cars around. I couldn't believe it and as I continued to stare at this thing for about 30-45 seconds I know it was completely still in its position. Very bright forward lights with no defraction of light, by the way, and slowly pulsing red rear lights. After this duration of time, this "thing" completely catapulted forward from its position roughly 1/4-1/2 mile away within 1/2-1 second. When it did this I had a distinct guttural vibration of some sort and it took off like that and slowed immediately. I literally screamed and took off to come home. After I made my left turn at the next light I knew I could see this object about 1/4 mile down the road and to my left because it was a clear view from there. As I passed this area I could see the red pulsing lights, still the same distance above the ground but it looked to be about 3/4 mile away and it seemed to be slowly moving in that direction (away from me). I made my right turn to enter my housing! development (300 feet away) and as I was going down this road I kept looking in my rearview mirror to see if I could see anything at all. As I was driving down this winding road, all of a sudden this "craft" of somesort appears at my 11o'clock and coming directly overhead on a slight angle so that as it passed over I would then be at my 5 o'clock position. It still seemed to be about 500-600 feet above ground and I again stopped my car in the middle of the road and rolled down my window to stick my head out to get a better view. I was literally shaking with fear and/or excitement, I guess. As it passed over me very slowly, I could make out what seemed to be underneath structure of some sort with 4 additional "lights" facing downward. Because of the location of the red still pulsing lights, I had the distinct impression that it was sort of triangular in shape but more like a wedge/boomerang. It was moving very slowly and didn't make any noise at all. It was extremely quiet and it traveled out of my sightline (many trees line this street)and I raced home thinking it was going to turn around and follow me. I don't know for sure if it was the same craft as I observed prior to this, but I am convinced it was the same shape and size.
