{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-09 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500252","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58859","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4128,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/252/mufon-5500252.json","updb_database_id":5500252}
3 UFOS observed in Val-D'Or area (Qu1bec,Canada)

I would like to report 3 orb UFO's that were observed by me in August of 2013, 2 over the city of Val-D'Or, where I live, and one over my parents lakeside cottage in the woods in the Preissac area which is a 45 minutes drive west from Val-D'Or.

My girlfriend (child/adult alien contactee) who's from the UK arrived in Val-D'Or from the UK on the 8th of August 2013.

It was a nice cloudless summer night. We decided to do CE-5 protocols while doing some star watching as the stars were quite visible around 10pm that night. We were lying on my front lawn, watching satellites moving about in different directions.

First Observation:

One small moving white star-like object caught our eye that seemed to be moving over the city of Val-D'or,Qu1bec. It was moving in a South to North direction.
We had the habit of speaking to all stellar moving objects. 
Next thing that happens is that small light starts to do huge light power ups as it was moving North. It powered up then became small...powered up and became small..The intensity of the light was quite impressive. It did approx. 5 power ups before becoming small again and continued its course.

Second observation:

We continued the CE-5 protocols and a few minutes after seeing the poweruping orb, a huge bright orange orb passes over my house from an approx. NW to SW direction. The orb looked as big as the sun from my perspective. It did a non-stop flyby directly over us, gliding silently. It was not moving fast. It was easily a few feat in length. I would say that the elevation was approx. the height of 2-3 telephone poles...so it was VERY close to us. So the whole thing lasted a few minutes before we could not see it anymore as it was too far away.

Third observation:

Roughly a week later after seeing my first two orb ships. I decided to go and visit my parents in Preissac, Qu1bec.
My parents have a lake-side cottage in the woods. I was alone this time as my girlfriend was out visiting elsewhere. It was around 10pm. I decided to do some CE-5 protocols alone. There were no clouds. So I sat on a patio chair outside in the dark or sometimes walked around the house and sending my voice and thoughts out to space. Approx. an hour after doing so I decide to take a quick break and chat with my parents inside the house. As soon as I come back outside, for some reason I decide to raise my head to look at the stars.. At that exact moment I see the same fly-by silent huge orange-lollipop orb gliding ever so silently over me at approx the same elevation as the one in Val-D'Or. Higher than the tree line but not so far up as it as big as the sun again from my perspective.. Not small like the orbs you see on youtube. 
As soon as I realized what I saw I run back into my parents house and tell my parents to come out quickly. My parents see the orb when it was a bit farther away. Please understand that I was in the woods in the middle of nowhere when this happened.

I just want to say that we are used to seeing the ISS space station as we can track it as it moves over Val-D'Or and we are used to seeing satellites. What I saw was out of the ordinary and new to me.. unlike my girlfriend as she is used to this sort of thing being a contactee and all.
Since then we have been doing more CE-5'S and seem to be getting powerups from small lights in orbit moving over us when we speak to them.
