{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-19 13:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460252","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101043","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3552,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/252/mufon-5460252.json","updb_database_id":5460252}
{cak} I steadied my binnoculars in a clear blue sky and a rectangular metalic object flew into my view. Presant also were 2 F18's, 1 hellicop.........

1-19-2018: My wife and I were sitting in our yard after lunch looking for a pair of F18 fighter jets roaming around the neighborhood (first time in over 20 years). I told my wife I was going to hold my binoculars (10X42) in front of the jet engine noise the next time a jet came out of a cloud and was heading east into the clear sky (I was having trouble spotting them). As soon as I held firm on a spot in a big clear area of the sky, this foreign object appeared in the top center of my binoculars and in focus. It was 60 plus degrees up and moving to the south and away from us. It looked like 3 kitchen match boxes attached to each other. The sun was reflecting off of the top which was a shiny smooth metal with a thin grey line a third of the way from each end running from top to bottom. The bottom half was black and had a changing/moving haze present across the entire length. There seemed to be circles of aura within the haze for the entire length of the bottom half. The black bottom half was the same size and length as the shinny metalic top half but the corners of the right angles of the craft seem to fade in and out. There also seemed to be a very thin and narrow dome on the top center at times. It was all very confusing. I instantly knew it wasn't a bird, hellicopter, balloon or a plane. My mind told me it might be debris caught up in the wind which was quickly rulled out when I realized I was tracking it and it was moving in a steady and straightforward path. I track birds, planes, satellites and pretty much anything that moves but the strangest thing about this whole sighting was that I don't know how, when or why I lost sight of the thing. I lost sight of it in a clear blue sky before it was out of range, maybe 5000' at about 25 degrees. I dropped my binoculars and tried the unaided eyes and put my binoculars back up but was unable to find it again. I did get a profound feeling that this things path couldn't be deveated by normal means. It was headed somewhere on this course and nothing could stop it from doing so. Don't ask me why. There is a millitary base (Camp Shelby) that is approximatly 10 miles south of here. This thing, according to Google Earth, was flying straight for the heart of the camp. I believe they put out a press release 6 months before that they were going to be working on a new drone program soon. I'd love to see this thing up close......if it's ours. Totally anti-aerodynamic but can move like its on a rail. Has no sound, wings, engine or exhaust. Yes a blackhawk flew over 30 minutes after sighting and a Cessna and the F18's continued till dusk and then noon till dusk the next day. If it was drone testing, you think they would have done it on a Monday or a Tuesday when there is one or two C17's around insted of a quite Friday afternoon.
