{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-07-15 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506252","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2930,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/252/mufon-5506252.json","updb_database_id":5506252}
{cak} A white light flew by from the south, stood high in sky at NE, then fly down to us and stopped about 50 ft above 3 of us and 7 neighbors.

I was finishing supper dishes and I got called from my son, there is a light flying here. I ran outside and this light flew north east and stopped high in the sky like a star. I said "lets wait out here and see if it comes back". The guys partying next door were all standing and watching also. I think we were all in a shock. My daughter-in-law ran back inside to get her sweatshirt, it was chilly. Slowly, as I looked northeast, a shining airplane headlight came toward us, but it was one light. Then, it flew and stopped hovering less than 50 ft. above all of us. We stood mesmerized and I broke away and said In going to call the police. The object broke into three ft. circles, whitish, bluish, sliverish, lights and flew southwest in a matter of 10 seconds and vanished. It seemed to understand me, thats what I thought of in my mind, as I ran to the telephone. The whole incident happened with 16-20 minutes. I did call the police department and told them about the lights. The dispatcher said she would tell the police. The neighbors and us, we described what we saw. I saw what looked like a shimmering, golden angel with moving wings, a beautiful shimmering metallic gold. My son said it looked like a golden eagle. Our neighbors said it looked like a silver eagle. We all agreed it was shimmering color(s)of gold and silver, shaped like an angel or eagle. It was amazing because when it flew away it was three round circles of a different light. I have noticed from that time on, I have a lot of electricity in my body. I shock (electric) people when I touch them,I walk on carpet, open car doors, putting on clothes dried in the dryers, or window shopping at stores (these are examples); even my grandchildren. One of them said, Gramma, you always shock me, why? Maybe, all of us got extra-energy off that object but we don't know it; that is what I suspect. Thanks for reading our sighting. The object in the NE sky was absorbed by another larger star-light shaped light, probably several thousand feet high. When it hovered above us, it was like 25-50 feet above us because we didn't have to look up very high to watch it. None of us were afraid, just shocked. (10 witnesses)
