{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486252","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73463","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/252/mufon-5486252.json","updb_database_id":5486252}
{dr}Laying in the snow, I noticed a shadow in the clouds!

It was a snow day so I decided to go outside and play. I made a snow angel and just laid in it. After about fifthteen to thirty minutes of laying there, I see a shadow in the clouds! It looked like a city. So I just laid there staring at it, not afraid nor frantic! The shadow got smaller and the clouds started to open up. At this point my heart rate elevates a little and now I'm starting to get nervous! This craft punch through the clouds and just sit there in the sky! For some my body went back the relaxed state I mentioned before, not scared nor frantic! As this object sit in the sky I can hear like a vacuum sound (not the suction part but the motor part)! It sat there for about twenty minutes just looking at me and I'm looking at it! When it started to move again instead of coming towards me it moved horizontal to my position on the ground, than I hear a shocking sound and it accelerated and disappeared! I've never seen anything like it since! I'm not sure if they abducted me or not, there is missing time and memory loss!

Here is a description of the craft: 
Like I said it looked like a city! It was gold with a shimmering affect! Mesmerizing to the eyes which is probably why I after being nervous by body returned to such a relaxed stat! I could see multiple skyscrapers resembling apartment building and all of them were of various sizes. The sound it made like I said sounded like a vacuum running but without the suction part. 

*I have never told anyone about what I saw, throughout the years since I find myself staring in the sky! I have seen other crafts aswell.

Like the white disc associated with the Grays! I have seen multiple sightings of those! One of which I think seen land in the distance. I've seen this craft twice, it's an odd shaped craft resembling a spinning top, it flashed red,blue, and green! Both times I witnessed it streak off.
