{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-16 17:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499252","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59888","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2788,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/252/mufon-5499252.json","updb_database_id":5499252}
{cak} Pale blue orb or object with a lavender aura around said object.

I left my home at approximately 5:20 PM to pick up my daughter at our High School where she was attending marching band practice.I arrived at the school about 5:28 PM, band was still playing.I parked my car as usual to wait for the band to finish practice.
The high school sits on top of a large hill or small mountain in Western North Carolina with beautiful views of the Blue Ridge Mountains,especially at sunset! 
As I was sitting in my car waiting for my daughter, I had a strong urge or intuition to open my sunroof and take a photo of the cloud formations. The sun was peeking out of a large cloud, was nearly blinding. So, I opened up sunroof, held my camera up, pointed it in the direction of the sun and clouds and without looking or focusing due to the brightness of th3 sun, I simply clicked button to take picture.
I immediately lowered camera to review shot. For a split second I didn't notice anything abnormal but then the beautiful blue orb or object caught my eye. Then I saw the lavender aura or something surrounding said object.I instantly looked up through my sunroof to find the orb but could not see it with my naked eyes.
When I returned home I transferred image to my computer for a better look. I then played around with some photo filters. The filter I used in one of the attached photos was a Negative filter which seemed to make the object pop. You can also see what appears to be a trail of some sort under object.I have no clue what this object is, could be a planet for all I know! LOL. I just found it interesting, especially the strong urge to suddenly open my sunroof to take a photo. If anyone knows what this object is, please let me know, curious.
