{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-08 08:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490252","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69341","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3156,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/252/mufon-5490252.json","updb_database_id":5490252}
Driving North on Hickory Beach Rd. where our home located. Hovering tree top across from our house, long cigar shaped, rounded front and back/shining/silver/ whitish/ no wings, no tail, nothing indicated an airplane?

8:10 AM, Saturday, August 8th,sunny clear blue skies, no clouds. Driving my car on road leading to my home. Friend and I returning from yard sale down the street. Something reflective in the sky caught my eye. Looking-up through top of my car windshield, I see a whitish/silver, elongated shaped, rounded front & back, shaped like a cigar, stationary object in sky. "What is that" I said to my passenger, turned to look at her, then the road, then back to object in sky. I said, " is that an airplane." "I don't see wings." My passenger says, "your going to drive off the road." I looked-up through windshield, taking my eyes off the road three times to look at it. The whole time it did not move. I noticed a funny indentation, mid-center of object.
No other markings, wings, tail, wheels, windows, nothing. Most perplexing of all, I did not stop and get out of car for a better look. I merely dismissed the whole event, said jokingly to friend, "maybe it's a UFO." She said nothing. I pulled into my driveway, never thought to look-up. I did not remember the sighting until later that evening. I could not believe I didn't stop the car, nor did I look-up after parking the car. I could not comprehend I hadn't remembered seeing this object till hours later. Two days later I called friend to ask her what she saw? She stated she saw something reflective/silver. She didn't remember event until I called her.
This is my third sighting. First 1987, second 2012, third 2015. Because of previous sightings, thought I would be prepared, would pay attention, if ever happened again. All three sightings have caught me off guard and didn't remember events until hours later or days later. Very annoyed at myself, I never stopped the car, got out and really focused on what was stationary in the sky.
My only explanation for my lack of actions, I found in a book I had previously read years ago, entitled, "On the Edge of Reality" by Colin Andrews(pg. 54) "we cannot train ourselves to see something we can't imagine." "If an object is truly unexpected, people are unlikely to notice it no matter how good(or bad) they are at focusing attention." The only way to see the unexpected is for it to become expected. 
I'm thankful and somewhat relieved my friend was a witness to whatever it was, thus I have no doubt what I actually saw.
