{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-12 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490244","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69348","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/244/mufon-5490244.json","updb_database_id":5490244}
{cak} while sitting on my patio i saw 5 lights coming from north to south 1 came from the north first then 2 from north then 2 more

I was sitting on a chair outside of my home. while leaning back on the chair and looking into the sky in a northerly direction at that time I watched 3 planes flying north which is normal here because we are surrounded by Tampa int l airport and MC dill air force base. the sun was setting in the west almost below the horizon and there were sporadic low dark clouds in the area. as I looked north I observed a bright craft flying south it seemed to be lit externally with a reddish yellow glow.
I believed that it was a high flying commercial airliner headed too the fla keys or some other southern destination. but, I heard no noise whatsoever that was odd to me since anytime seeing an airplane I always heard some thing no matter how high it was. i also didn't see any wings or tail and no blinking lights at all. the object flew on and went back to watching the sky. within about 5 minutes of the first sighting I saw another bright object same as the previous one this craft came out of the north west and proceed to come in on an angle towards me form n.w. to s.e then it abruptly changed to a southerly course, while the object was making the course change another craft came from the north and it seemed to speed up to the other and as it did it made a maneuver to get closer to the other object and then fly south in formation . now I knew it couldn't be commercial airliners they just don't do that kind of thing. so maybe they were military craft but they weren't rigid maneuvers like we see on tv or an airshow it was as if there were no rhyme or reason for the second aircraft in this set to catch up with the first. about 8 minutes later,now very curious about what I have seen, out of the nw west again,but more north then west as the sun was just about set. I observed another aircraft moving towards me while another craft came out of the north and as before the first craft changed to a southerly course while the second craft sped up to join with other.i personally believe in extra terrestrial life that are actually living here among us. however I don't just believe what im told,I like to investigate and analyze what im told then I make my best decision. im writing this because I believe i saw something I cant explain and im hoping you can. I watch your show and what I see in your investigations are honest and trust worthy.also between the second and third sighting I saw a black helicopter fly north I don't know if they are related sincerely [name removed/cak]
