{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548244","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11584","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/244/mufon-5548244.json","updb_database_id":5548244}
2 objects, 1 on ground & 1 hovering while driving along 180

My wife and I were returning from a trip to the Grand Canyon and Los Vegas, when we reached Holbrook, Az. on I-40, I decided to take a shortcut towards Soccoro,New Mexico on to the Texas border. I got off I-40 in Holbrook, Az. and proceeded on 180 to St. Johns, Az., It was still daylight a few hours til dawn. about 2 1/2 hours into the drive we noticed what looked like an oil rig operation(flashing lights) on the north side of 180 about 500 yards from the road. this was visible for a good long distance, the closer we got to this site we( my wife and I )noticed that this drilling site did'nt look like a typical drilling site. (I used to work on different drilling sites in texas)this site was not a typical drilling location. what me and my wife saw were 2 objects, the first one was on the ground to the left of the second object about 50 or so yards. it had at least 10 lights or what looked like port holes or windows flashing from left to right and right to left and almost from the right and left to the center, these lights somehow seemed like an eye staring at us as we drove east past it. needless to say it gave me a chill down my spine as we got closer, the realy chilling thing was that I felt this object on the the ground was somehow telling me (I don't know about my wife)to stay away don't stop. the object looked about 50 to 75 feet in length. I need to mention that the sun had set the sky was still redish just above the horizon and the sky above us was dark and the stars were showing. As I stated before I used to work on oil rigs inspecting pipe and at first I thought this object was a trailer for bunking or the site office, but I have never seen a bunkhouse or office trailer with fashing lights like this. I make trips to Corpus Christi, Tx. from the Austin, Tx. area at least once a month and there are at leats 4 drill sites on this route and this was'nt a typical drill site, the second object was to the right and a little further from the road, hovering at least 100 feet and also about 50 to 75 ft. long and circular. there were small bluish-greenish strobe lights below this object (to the ground) in a cylindrical type fasion about 40 or 50 ft. in cicumference, in the center below the second object I saw a yellowish-amber light beam directly in the middle of the bluish-greenish cyclider of strobe lights it looked like a beem of consistant light from the object to the ground at least 8 ft. in circumference. this object was visibly circular,large and stationary and no visible structure attatched to any of these lights below the object at all. while driving past a typical drilling tower or rig you can visibly see the metal structure of the rig blocking lights attatched all along these type rigs, this was not the case at all I could see the strobe type lights clearly from one side to the other . from the distance I noticed a large dim yellowish-amber dome light on the top-center of the object, the closer we got to the objects the stranger they looked. this was the basic discription of what me and my wife saw. during this expierence while driving I asked my wife if she noticed the drill site and she did, as we got closer to the site I said something to the effect "that does'nt look like a drill site, do you see what I see?" and I quickly asked her for the video camera. I then realized that she was really scared because she raised her voice at me and told me she did'nt know where any of the 2 cameras were (1 video & 1 small typical type camera) I then tapped on the brake to turn off the cruise control so I could slow down so she could look for either of the cameras. my wife then yelled at me and said she did'nt know where she left them and in the same beath she told me not to stop or slow down while grabbing my right forearm and digging her fingernails in me. so I told her to calm down and continued to resume a speed of about 55 to 60 mph, during these moments I asked her to confirm the 2 objects we were looking at, the flashing lights on the 1st object on the ground,the strobe lights and the yellowish-amber beam on the 2nd object and the shape and size of the 2nd hovering object . all while asking her and confirming what we were looking at, we talked about it until we got to St. Johns, she was visibly shook-up and nervous looking back at times while driving away. When we arrived at St. Johns, Az. I stopped to fuel up at an old gas station along 180 and asked a women at the counter there if she knew about a drilling site west of there,she told my wife and I with a confused look on her face that she did'nt know of any type of drilling that way so close to the road. well thats what me and wife remember about that summer in 1997 around the time kids were let out for summer break. I remember this because we left the Grand Canyon the day families with their kids started showing up by the dozens, we wanted to see the Grand Canyon before the summer rush and we did.
