{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-06-06 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486244","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73471","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/244/mufon-5486244.json","updb_database_id":5486244}
{dr}My UFO sighting in chicago

It was during the summer, i'm actually not sure of the year (74-76). I know that my age was aroud 9 or 10 at the time. I lived on the southside of chicago and behind our house were railroad tracks and trains travel thru different hours of the day. But one night my mom made me take out the garbage after 8 pm, i remeber because i was scare to go out at night alone especially to the back alley. I got a spanking cause i didnt move fast enough. So i finally grab the trash bag and headed toward the back along side of the garage to the gate. As i open the gate and walk out and put the trash bag in the can, i look over at the railroad tracks and like always at that time of the night, there's not train. But as i look down the tracks i saw something coming my way (lights)down from the next block but over the tracks. As it got closer i notice it wasn't a train cause the lights were over the tracks. As it got near my house it stop and hover, that's when i notice it wasn't over the tracks. it was east of the tracks over the tree line and it stop as if it was looking at me. after a few mins, it landed in the woods. I was scare as s**t and i told my mom and my brothers. No one believe me... Maybe because we lived in th city and normally you hear about ufo's in different areas. On the other side of the tracks is were me and my friends would go sometime to play in the wooded area, but after that night i nver cross those tracks. I have always thought about what was it i saw. There's no crossing or rail lights behind my old house. That's my ufo sighting... It's true and i still would like to know what it was and why did it land. I'm 48 yrs old now and for some reason, i still remember it like yesterday.... Between my old house and on the other side of those woods is another neighborhood. So maybe i'm not the only one who saw it that night. I always thought once i get older i would cross those tracks and walk back there and just look for something, i don't know what.... Thanks for taking the time.
