{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519244","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37691","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":12066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/244/mufon-5519244.json","updb_database_id":5519244}
Numerous invisible space craft above unknowing peoples heads

Because of all I have experienced, before and after this event, I have told my story. Below is just a part of that story. 

FYI, I have thousands of pictures from the same camera in the exact same location to help support these experiences. And there are no comparisons. I love photography and am blessed to live in a place so beautiful it begs to be photographed...so I do!

*** 

I headed down to the beach to take sunset pictures for a photo contest. As soon as I got down to the sand I noticed a sandcastle and thought it would make for a cool shot with the sunset in the background. I was using a 61 baby tripod for the first time to get as steady a shot as I could. I set the camera on the sand and kind of blindly pointed in the direction of the sandcastle and sunset. I snapped picture after picture hoping to get one that was really good. There was a couple at the waters1 edge that I tried to incorporate into the scene along with others strolling by. Everything just seemed ripe for a really cool shot! 

I was eager to get home and see how my pictures came out. For the most part I was disappointed; bad lighting, unbalanced, blurry, etc. etc. etc. But one1one was very, very cool! That couple down at the waters1 edge was split perfectly with a spire from the sand castle. That was my winning shot! 

I took that picture and put it into my, 1Best Pics1 folder, which separated it from the 160 or so others I took that evening. But, while the picture was beautiful there was something wrong with it. Looking back I had noticed only subconsciously that the sky was messy or flawed in some way. But I never really looked. I was probably distracted by the couple being perfectly split by that sandcastle spire. I couldn1t see what I captured at the time so it was plain luck. Then, about a week or two later after viewing the picture many times, I actually looked at the sky for the first time. At first inspection I noticed a bunch of thin streaks in the distance 1 25 in all. Then I looked into upper left hand corner - almost out of the picture 1 and wow, a space craft?! You could clearly see a metallic, v-shape rear end with the 1v1 pointing down, and a sleek look consistent with the distant objects. Shortly afterwards I was able to link them all together when I noticed one of the streaks in the sky - directly under the crescent moon - had a light, or metallic shine off the back consistent with the close up object. This is a scene that comes from another world, not off the beaches of So Cal! 

Regardless of what these things are and where they come from, this one picture seems to me the most telling single picture I have ever seen of possible alien craft. The one craft is only 200-3001 over that couples heads yet they, myself and the few hundred other potential witnesses were clueless as to what was going on above them! 

From that point on I have gone down to the beach with the thought of trying to photograph, cloaked, or unseen craft. I knew the time and conditions had to be just right to see these things or else pictures like this would be all over the place!

Then on January 27th at about 6:45pm I started heading up the ramp after taking a bunch of pictures and decided to take one last look at the beautiful view. I immediately noticed an unusual craft flying over a nearby bluff top resort so I calmly walked back down to a nearby life guard tower for steady pictures and video. It was a huge glow of light with no other lights flashing and traveled along the bluff and over multimillion dollar homes. Pictures would show this thing having the shape of a typical 1flying saucer1, but it didn't look like that at the time or in the video. This event was witnessed with 3 others, and they were sure it was a 1ufo1. Lack of out-of-this-world movement I had experienced twice before had me unsure as it was happening, but after seeing the picture I was convinced. 

Then on February 23rd - my birthday 1 my girlfriend and I went to a beach in South Laguna called, Thousand Steps. Just before leaving she got a picture of me with the sand and ocean in the background and clouds in the sky. Later on that day I was looking through the pictures and noticed a dot in the sky. I zoomed in and was surprised to see what looked like an eye! After making adjustments to the picture I was clearly able to see a rounded top right above the 1eye1 giving it the look of a typical flying saucer. I couldn1t believe it; I had my third experience in 89 days!

From that point I told my daughter to start checking her pictures for unusual things in the sky. A few weeks later she sends me two pictures that show unusual things flying in the sky. One picture had a single object that looked like a potential space craft and the other had 10 of them! 

Funny thing is, even though I told her to check her pictures, I never did a very good job at checking my own! In fact, I went through thousands of pictures before I realize I never went through the pictures that contain my cloaked craft! Duh!!! Okay, this is going to be fun! 

I started from the very beginning which contains shots from long before the sun sets, and when I felt I might start seeing them. And as it got darker these streaks started appearing. One here, four there, and so on. But, the closer I got to my winning shot these streaks started filling up the sky. The one before had about 15 streaks, one of which had an obvious, v-shape shine off the back consistent with the close up craft. I knew the next picture was the one I separated that had the close-up, so the one after that would be the next one I see. I clicked the arrow and got a glimpse of a bright shiny object in the sky. It literally startled me and I through my computer off my lap. I wasn1t ready to see what I knew I was going to see; a much better picture than the first, and the first was amazing! I was so excited, but I needed a break. 15 minutes later I pick the computer back up and looked in amazement; a better close-up, and NINE craft with lights or metallic shines on the back! And the close-up this time is flying upside down compared to the first one. You can easily see the v-shape shine and whether it1s flying right side up or upside down. Although, who knows which is which! Because of the v-shape light, or reflection its easy to see on a few of them whether the v is up or down. 

I alos have a couple pictures showing the 1streaks1 heading into, or coming out of the ocean, so it would appear that1s where they come from. I also have pictures showing very long and skinny craft seemingly just sitting in the sky. Over exposure prevented me from seeing those for some time. 

After uncovering all those amazing photos I decided to get serious about this and see what more I could come up with. Getting dark later has made it more difficult to get pictures at the right time. I1m a sports nut so I1m watching my teams play later in the evening when conditions are best for seeing these things. But, I was dying to put my prediction to test that they start becoming visible about 20-30 after the sun sets. I looked at what time my sunset pictures were taken and felt that1s about when I might see something. 

I stayed later at the beach than normal then headed home - a 6 minute walk to my door step. As I approached my door I clicked a few pictures into the sky. Once inside I went out onto the deck to continue taking pictures. I shot directly above me and out toward the ocean. I can1t see the beach itself but I can see the sky above it. I took approximately 200 in total.

Later that night I went through every picture with a fine tooth comb. I started getting a little nervous as the time approached that I thought might produce something. Nervous because I wanted to be right, but also a little fear that I might see something I didn1t want to see!

At about exactly when I thought I1d see something I get a picture of a weird shape cloud and a thick, red, s-shape electric charge running through it! This was bizarre!!! Looking at the clouds in the surrounding pictures you don1t see this distinctly shaped cloud. It seems to have just appeared out of nowhere!

The next three pictures each had a different craft with the last one being a jaw dropper! It1s a huge tri pontoon ship way up in the sky. It looks so solid that it seemingly had to be visible if you knew it was there. The next night I got three successive pictures of that craft traveling slowly through a cloudy, overcast sky. I did not see it at the time. In working to bring more clarity into the picture it appears each pontoon is lined with windows. I felt a better camera would have allowed me to see inside this thing! Much later I also noticed a 5th different craft that would have been the first of five consecutive craft. 

For about a week straight I took pictures into the night from my deck and came up with all kinds of interesting things, including a few pictures of what appear to be that long, skinny craft in the night sky. I can see the front and back, but not in between. It seems somebody could measure both to see if it is indeed the same long and skinny cloaked craft from the sunset shots.

By now I1m tired of taking pictures of the night sky and am dying to get back to the beach for some late dawn skies. I1m not getting pictures like I did the first week and I1m wanting to feed my curiosity, not to mention, build my ufo portfolio. Who knows what crazy scenes I can capture?!

Over a week ago I watched a cool video of people in Northern California videotaping cloaking in progress. They witnessed several craft that would appear and disappear in a partly cloudy, dawn sky. There almost seemed to be a relationship or some kind of link between the cloud and these cloaking craft. So when I saw an interesting cloud formation I paid a lot more attention to it than normal. And I1m glad I did!

I soon saw what at first glance appeared to be a plane flying south along the coast. But, the light was way too brilliant. I watched as it first traveled toward/through this cloud at a normal and consistent speed similar to a plane. But, then it started 1slide stepping1, and planes don1t do that! It started hesitantly coming south at what appeared to be about 2,0001- 3,000 high 1 same height as this weird cloud it was flying along. What happens next is what I1ve been thinking was going on (based on prior experiences); this so called plane stopped in mid flight and became a 1star1 the rest of the evening! I1ve got pictures and video that help support my account. 

What I didn't see at the time is even better. One of those long, skinny craft meeting up with the so called star, all of which Ill write more about later. 

This is ongoing. I am willing to talk about this and participate in any investigation. But, I need to protect my pictures and cant just send them out. To me they are so incredibly amazing and valuable that I need to figure this all out. I will go ahead and send a few so you can get an idea, but we need to talk to go any further. 

Thanks
