{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-04 14:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292244","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111079","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3935,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/244/mufon-5292244.json","updb_database_id":5292244}
This sighting was experience in three different sections. I call this U.F.O. the Red Silent Object. I will be starting with Section 2. Traveling North

This sighting was experienced in three different sections. I call this U.F.O. the Red Silent Object. I will be starting with section two because the filming was only done during the second and third sections. 
The first video clip is the first half I filmed of this Object traveling North. When it got to a certain point it's like it disappeared into a cloud. 
In the second clip you can see that the mist traveled through the Oak tree. Notice the mist only traveled to a portion of the tree trunk. The bottom got no mist. If fact also look at the three story apartment behind the tree and you can see the mist did not go lower than the roof of that apartment building. I'm adding a slideshow of frames for the first clip and a slowed section to give a better look at both of these. Section 1 will give a further picture of what occurred here but first I want to outline what is on film. Next I will show the Red Silent Object traveling West.
When I first saw the Red Silent Object It was traveling East/Southeast. The next time I saw it the Object was traveling North. I wondered if it was going to travel back to where it had come from so I faced my camera to film the mountains. I thought it might travel west and I was right. I had enormous problems with the filming as you will see. There is something that occurred with the camera. I wish it could have been a more clear view. As soon as I saw the shape of this Object I was surprised to see that it was a different shape from what I had originally seen. Because of what seemed like a malfunction of the camera or me jiggling it while filming there were portions in the blurred sections where I did see the cigar shaped object. This Red Silent Object was an Indian red colour while the original time I saw it, it looked like Pink Granite with carved window sections that were also solid pink granite. I created a jpeg that will give an idea what these window areas looked like. I will add the films so you can see what I did get on film. This was all occurring in the middle of the afternoon. I sent a letter to City Hall with this information because I believed they would be able to access at least some of the videos focused on the Harbour. We have sea planes traveling along this harbour but this was no airplane and I will explain this further when I get to Section one. As I have no video for Section one it will take me a bit of time. I'll send it vie email.
