{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-08 17:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507244","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51466","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4375,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/244/mufon-5507244.json","updb_database_id":5507244}
2 green lights and 1 red, red flashing twice on one half of disc in clockwise manner. That light once changes to next clockwise position, then back to 1st pos. UFO flew over our car&road, then stopped abruptly&hovered

The day was Tuesday, 8 October 2013. The time, between 5:45PM and 6:00PM. The place, Doha, the capital of Qatar. It was getting dark. It almost was. I was in a car going on Rawdat al Khail Street, towards Doha. I was outside the city, just at the edge. There were many well lit low-rise buildings around me, and a brightly lit six-lane dual carriageway road, the one I mentioned above. Straight ahead, several kilometers away, were the bright lights of the high-rise area of the city. There was a lot of traffic. I saw a plane or two take off far away, as they usually do every few minutes, and the airport was far away. Suddenly, I saw 4 strange lights coming my way, as if there was a police car in the sky! It was most unnatural. I am a careful sky observer, so I know what I am looking at. Aircraft lights are small, but the lights I just saw were larger, relative to aircraft lights. There were no other interfering areal objects like planes or helicopters anywhere near the lights I saw. Even then I had assumed that they were plane or helicopter lights, although it did not seem so. About the lights: there were 2 green lights, both constant, and one red light which was not constant, it seemed to be moving/flashing/blinking in a clockwise manner. All 4 lights seemed to be part of a single disc. All 4 of them were like QUADRANTS of the disc. The entire UFO was a single one, not multiple UFOs. The UFO came from the North-West. So, from my view, it came from ahead and left. Both green lights of the disc occupied the left half of the disc, and the one red light kept moving from the top right position to the bottom right position in a clockwise manner and then back to the top right position and so on. I had initially assumed that it was a plane or a helicopter, due to its straight path. When it came vertically above me, almost like perpendicular, in the one or two seconds I got to observe, I could not see any wings or blades or tail (which a plane or a helicopter would have) against the dark blue sky, even after straining my eyes. This made me think it was a UFO, and remember, I am a careful sky observer. Plus, I could not distinguish its skin color, but I remember it looked quite dark, almost black. This observation, too, in just one second, as it passed above me. It passed above me, then passed above the road and diagonally crossed it. By the way, it was flying quite low, hardly one or a few hundred feet above the ground. Its diameter looked like it was several meters large. Well, after passing above the road, it ABRUPTLY stopped in mid-air! This further convinced me that it was a UFO. That red light blinking continued on, and just as I was about to pull the cellphone to take a picture, our car sped away, and I lost sight of the object a minute or two later, as some larger buildings obstructed my view. And one more important thing: There was no sound from the UFO. Well, even helicopters can stop in mid-air, but if one would fly so low, it would have made a considerable amount of noise. Planes don't stop in mid-air, and helicopters are definitely not circular or disc shaped with lights on their entire base. Even military helicopters make some noise when flying so low. My doubts were completely cleared the next day, when my colleague told me that he too had seen the UFO and that it went around the area for a long time. Many of his friends had also seen it, he told me. I am quite convinced that it was a real UFO. As for my feelings and reactions during and after the sighting, I was really excited about it and wanted to see it again.
