{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-06 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480244","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/244/mufon-5480244.json","updb_database_id":5480244}
{cak} I noticed a bright orb in the sky that never moved for over a hour.i could see it rotat with a dark build in the center with what looked like notches or Windows, a plane flew by,seemed much further a way and much bigger,I have awsome pics and video

My wife and I were laying in the backyard in the pool so naturally I was staring at the sky and we live on a flight route from Boise. So I'm used to seeing a lot of planes and King is going over and I also come from an Air Force military background. So I was I was laying there looking up I noticed that it looked like there was this bright star even know it was on the 830 and there really wasn't much for stars out yet at least not in that area, so as I watch this I noticed that it never moved even though there how did the trade rooms up there and it was kind of a blustery day so I yelled out my neighbor to take a look and see if he had any opinions on what it might be because I thought maybe it was the star and he said no it's in the wrong area, thought maybe possibly a satellite since it's orbiting around it would travel with this and not moving. But Isaac got my attention more I started the video and take pictures and then I happen to have a telescope sitting on the porch so I tried focusing my iPhone 6s plus which has a pretty good camera through the lens of the telescope although it was shaky I could see a little more detail. So after toiling over talking about it and hearing other people mention it I'm not understanding what it can BS just kind of put it in the back of my head and had these pictures. And after talking to my father which is part of Saturday and was fine he said that I should probably send this to him just to have it looked at so here I am. I would so much love in answer to this. Thank you for any opinions and help you can give, , I think it's the not knowing and the questioning it is bugging the crap out of me. FYI I'm not some your final night or conspiracy but I do believe in a higher arrive from Dennis and I've seen a lot of things in my life to show me May show me I may be right. But this made my hair stand on and I'm creeped me out same with my neighbor and friends I've talked to that side as well hope to hear from you. I had expecting as a place to put my videos and pictures the bigger one that you can see the dot in the center were taken and blown up on my iPhone several times maybe you have better equipment that can do better job
