{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520005","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36610","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2686,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/005/mufon-5520005.json","updb_database_id":5520005}
outside taking picture of jupiter near moon in november 2011 and noticed the ufo later when going through my photos in december, just want to know what this is. the 2 photos included are the same, only i cropped one to make it larger . confused here

I use a canon powershot S5IS 8.0 megapixels

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
outside at midnight Taking photos of the moon, was wanting to take a picture of jupiter near the moon that night, which appears in the lower right picture. the object in question is the disc shape next to the moon.

2. What made you first notice the object?
took the photos in november but didn't look at them until the end of december, i took a series of 4 pictures in a one minute. zooming in closer from the 1st pic to the 5th picture and in the first one you can see a small silver shape coming into view, 2nd one has the ufo in question next to the moon, the 4th is a close up of jupiter and 5th is a minute later don't have out of the ordinary other then the star/jupiter in them. 6 7 and th photos where taken in the same minute and don't appear to have anything out of the ordianry as well 

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
A Ufo, no doubt in my mind. have witness many strange lights in our area since i was 15.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
a silver colored disc appears next to the moon on my digital photos 
it appears to be coming into our atmosphere. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
I was pretty excited about getting photos of jupiter near the moon. I love taking photos of the sky, clouds, sun, stars and even the air planes that fly over my house. 

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
never noticed the object until the end of december when i was going through my photos.
