{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495005","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2834,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/005/mufon-5495005.json","updb_database_id":5495005}
{nd} This was1 of 3 sightings I have had within a two year period. No cell phone or vidioe apparatus available at that time. Two sightings within 40ft. One disk 6 ft. Above ground, one triangular 30ft. Above my head. 5mph and silent. 3 lights in rear .

My first sighting was on Rt. 24 heading South, pulled over and watched object for 10 minutes dancing in the sky stopping and going , erratically changing direction and speed,orange glow several miles in front and then sped off at incredible speed.

Second sight was a disk shaped object no more than 50 ft. In front of me standing outside watching it hover over a swamp about 6 ft. Above the ground with colored lights all around the middle of the disk. Don't remember leaving sight but object did not leave.

Third sighting was above my head on a smoking break at work. Black against the night sky it was only going 4mph and only 30 ft. Above my head. It was triangular in shape, silent, and there were 3 glowing lights in the back as it passed. One on each end in back and one in the middle but lower on the craft than the other two giving it depth. They didn't throw off any light they jus glowed white. After it passed over me which took about 10 min. I don't remember watching it until it was out of sight.

I am a 60 year old man and have been interested in this phenomenon since Project Blue Book from 1964 - 1968. Some people don't get the oppotunity to witness these craft once let alone three times. It is a life changing event once you've seen these things and I would be willing to take a polygraph, undergo hypnosis, or sodium pentathol . I would swear on the bible or a loved one 's soul as to the authenticity of these events. I am a mature individual and have never had an avenue such as this one to report these experiences. At the time there were no cell phones to take pictures or videos so I have only my word and reputation on the line. These things are real and I follow your show as well as Ancient Aliens, I n search of Aliens all on the History Channel. I am happy to share all of this with you for as much as I am respected by my family and my peers I believe they are skeptical of my witnessing of these events. Thanks for the outlet to true believers.
