{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-16 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513005","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45290","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4669,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/005/mufon-5513005.json","updb_database_id":5513005}
(GS) Mass UFO (Phoenix Lights - type) Sighting (>50 people) in Central Arizona

Around 7:00 PM last night (1/16/13), I was riding home from work with a coworker in far East Mesa heading towards Queen Creek and I was staring out in the distance (as I am wont to do), when I noticed three very bright, very large yellowish-orange lights to the southwest. I was 11 when 1997 Phoenix Lights happened and, since then, I scan the sky a few times whenever Im a passenger in a car at night. There have been countless times when Ive seen passenger flights stacked up for landing at Sky Harbor and thought to myself, "Is that something?" Invariably, I watch the lights for about five minutes and realize theyre planes. This night, however, there was no doubt in my mind that I was seeing something strange. I cant stress that enough - I am a believer, but I also work in science and that has caused me to be more and more skeptical; I always question my perceptions now before I leap to conclusions. Last night though, I instantly knew these lights were not planes, planets, or any normal aerial objects.

I watched them for a good five minutes, telling the driver what I was seeing. All of a sudden, they began to fade out. They didn't go away all at once, but one-by-one from left to right. As soon as one was completely out, the next would begin to fade. I was disappointed that they had gone away so quickly and began to doubt what I had seen. My view of the sky was interrupted by trees for a stretch, but when my view was restored, two lights had returned, but slightly lower (or further away). When the lights were visible, they were completely stationary. Then, they would fade out and come back on closer to the horizon. I watched the second pair of lights for about ten minutes before they faded, again left to right. They came back one last time (3 lights this time) and hung around for another ten minutes before fading out. By this point, they had become so low on the horizon that I couldnt see them if they continued to move. It was clear that they werent getting closer to the ground, just further away.

That ends my account, but Ive talked to several other witnesses. When the lights faded out the first time, I called a third coworker who is also interested in UFOs. I told him I was watching some Phoenix Lights and he headed outside to try to find them. He drove south on the I-10 to Riggs Road and saw the same lights I was seeing, though he was able to make out four lights that would fade from left to right. He has a much better phone than I do and was able to get a video of the event. This part is odd - he noticed that when the lights faded and were not visible to his eyes, they were visible through the camera on his phone. We discussed this and think it may be due to infrared light. (Cameras are sensitive to infrared light. Try looking through your phone camera at a TV remote while you push buttons, youll see light.) The video ends before any movement of the craft takes place.

I went online to find out if anyone else had seen the same thing ad was very surprised to learn that people had been seeing the exact same lights with the exact same behavior for the past two nights (1/14 and 1/15) in addition to the same night I saw my lights. People have seen them as far north as central Phoenix and as far south as Maricopa, but everyone sees them to southwest. This implies that the lights are incredibly high up and absolutely massive. There are about 7 unique reports on UFOStalker, some of which have comments by up to 15 people. In addition, both my coworker on the I-10 and myself saw cars parked and their drivers staring southwest at the lights. I stopped and asked a family of three who were staring at the sky if they were watching the lights. They said they were and, while we were talking, a third car pulled into the parking lot to have a look. This is not just a small sighting.

I hoped that the lights might come back tonight, so I pulled two real cameras onto my roof and watched for about an hour. I saw nothing tonight (1/17).
