{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-17 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488005","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/005/mufon-5488005.json","updb_database_id":5488005}
{rjl} Observed 15-20 orange red orbs moving erratically across & over the SA downtown area before moving away at an extremely high rate of speed. Not flares, planes, drones, helicopters. I would like to know if anyone else shared this same experience.

1. I was bartending at Tucker's Kozy Korner.
2. I wasn't initially looking towards the objects. My back was to them. Felt like someone was behind me... Turned and noticed a single object ascending from behind the Tower of America's to about 500 feet above the Tower. Then multiple objects moved into view, following the first viewed object which also began to move laterally after ascension, and across the city skyline.
2. Fireworks, or a flare.
4. The objects were clearly circular. The objects were orange and red, pulsating and fluttering. There appeared to be a black center to each of them, maybe a slightly darker color of sorts in the centers of the orbs. Witness one object ascend. Change direction, moving east to west. The objects moved across the sky line, not at all in a strait line. Some were clustered, others traveled alone. Very bright. Very clearly circular in shape. Ups and downs, almost playful in their patterns of travel.
5. Initially uneasy. I was alone, felt the need to run to the dance floor (outside bar) which is located on the opposite side of the building from where this sighting took place. Upon first sight I knew I needed to grab someone else to confirm my sighting so I ran to the dance floor where I spotted our security person. Called out for him and asked him to follow. He did. He then witnessed a mass of these objects with me. Filmed what he could on his phone. My emotions varied. But I did sense them initially. Almost as if I knew that something was behind me, with me.
6. Lost sight when each of them reached a certain point in the sky. They moved westward at incredible speeds.
