{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-04-09 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549005","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6778","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6208,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/005/mufon-5549005.json","updb_database_id":5549005}
Ufo sighted in evening on clear night. looked to be diamond shaped, had 2 red lights on front and back, + 2 white lights on either side. One red flashing light in center of object. Ufo was flying low (500-1000 meters), was silent and passed by us 3 times.

At around 7.50 pm on monday (9/4/2007) night, I received a phone call from my dad. I live in a group of units in south frankston, and the guy who lives in the unit next door is a mate of my dads. He often does odd jobs like painting for my dad. Dad was having trouble contacting Alby(the guy next door)as, alby has no phone connected. So he called me on my mobile, and asked to to go next door to see if Alby was home.

So over I went knocked on the door, found Alby, gave him the phone and told him my dad wanted to speak to him. While Alby was speaking to my dad, I stood on the porch of his unit and leaned against the security door too keep it open, and started gazing up at the stars as it was another very clear night filled with stars. As I listened to Alby speaking on my phone while he was standing on the inside of his door way, I continued to scan the skies for several minutes wondering when the convesation between the 2 would end, so i could go back inside and watch T.V.

Then after almost 10 minutes,with Alby still talking on the phone, A group of lights came into view from behind a tall tree across the back of our units. At first I thought it was a helicopter or a light plane flying at low altitude. But almost emmediatley it was obvious that something was strange about this craft. It travelled at a very slow pace, and being fairly close to us in the sky made no noise what so ever. The lights which I initially thought were from plane/helicopter, did'nt look too unusual, but the array in which they were set was not like any plane I have seen before.

The lights were set in a diamond shape. Red lights were set at the front or "nose" of the oject, and at the back or "tail" of the ufo, and they did'nt flicker. 2 White lights which also did'nt flicker were set on either wing, or side of the craft, these 4 lights giving it a diamond- like apearance. There was also a red flashing light set in the center of this craft.

The object was flying fairly low to the ground, I would guess under 1000 meters.(Around here police helicopters cruising over the neighbourhoods happens fairly often at both day and night, and you get to see them come down pretty low and close to your roof)The fact that I could not hear any noise from this thing is the most puzzling thing for me. If it were a chopper I would of heard it long before I clapped eyes on it and by the time i could see it the noise would have been very loud.

As I watched this thing from the steps of Alby's unit I wondered if he'd seen it. Just as I decided to interupt his conversation and ask him about it Alby exclaimed, "Whats That?" to me. I answered "I dunno?". The object slowly drifted over the units and out over an oval that is across the road from our block of units. I headed down to the bottom albys porch and moved into the yard to get a better look at the thing. Then Alby came down and gave me my phone. 

"heres your phone back" alby said has he handed it to me. Then he said "What the hell is that thing?" I said "I really don't know, its not a plane or a chopper, its to quite!" Then he said, "I am going out the front to the street to get a better view!" I then lifted the phone to my ear and started walking out to the front of the units. My dad was talking to me but I was still looking at this thing in the sky. eventualy dad asked what was wrong as I was more interested at watching this craft than talking on the phone, so I just said, "ah dad there is just something weird up in the sky that alby and I are looking at." 

My dad laughed and said "what have you guys been drinking." I said "nothing, I just don't know what it is. I'm glad alby seen it too cause you'd think I am seeing things or going mad" Dad who is a fair skeptic, said "Well ok." I told him that id catch him later, hung up and ran to where alby was still looking at this craft which had floated off into the distance over port phillip bay. You could not make out the shape now, and if this view was all you saw of it you would probably think it is some type of conventional aircraft.

We stayed out the front for about 10 more minutes then to our amazment It came back into view from a different angle and again glided fairly close to our group of units, not as close as the first pass but close enough to see it was the same thing. After we lost sight of it again over the distance, I decided to go and get my camera. So I headed in grabbed my digital camera and headed back out to where Alby still stood.

There was nothing for about 15 minutes then again it came back from a different direction cruised in fairly close to our street and then headed in the general direction of the mornington peninsula. I attempted to take photos of it this last time, but the 6 or so shots i managed to take show nothing but the clear night sky and some trees and street lamps. Alby and i just don't know what this was. The only thing that moves silently like, was some type of blimb, but ive seen them before. I have seen blimbs at night pass over my house several times (Allan Bond used to have an advertising blimb years ago), and if it was for advertising I saw no sign. It was to small to be one of those things. I will be checking out in papers and on the net to see if any blimps, etc were flying over frankston last night. I wonder if any other people saw it.
