{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-08-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523005","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32989","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3524,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/005/mufon-5523005.json","updb_database_id":5523005}
Doing Yard work, looked up it was just about 25 I froze, it took up space of house there, same space, space opened on side, 2 pilots, uniforms.

I was working in the yard of a rental that had just been built onto. 
I looked up and a huge craft, grey, seemless, took up same area as house,behind the one I was working in the yard of, but also a portion of the one I was working on. It stopped even with me where I was standing. It was like another dimension. It opened a space just behind the pilots, I could see inside a woodlike wall with blinking red lights,switches, the 2 pilots wore grey uniforms with hat w/black bill, ensignia on arm.
I was eye to eye with one closest to me, My mind flew thru my childhood and the one closest to me said {in my thoughts} "Yes,we have watched you since you were a child". 
I could not move, I was not frightened, I could see the hair on his ears. They were very dark , neat, I could feel the superiority of them. I wanted to ask questions but I only thought of one other incident of hearing and feeling something, they said they would be back.
I wanted to look at the size, it took up the same space as the top half of a house behind the one I was working on, I could see like port holes with indentations only in my periphial vision of the size, how smooth and the color of the metal. It was a soft deep grey, so smooth, rounded on sides.
I could not take my eyes off the one entity closest to me, he had on dark large like sunglasses. At one point he turned to the other pilot and they communicated, then he looked back at me. I didn't know what they said, but it was about me.They both watched me, but the one closest to me did the communication.
Then all of a sudden I could move, I tried to look around, and it had disappeared, no noise, and all I could think was nothing that big could leave that fast, but did.
After a few minutes I would feel like I could not remember, then I could. I will never forget this event for the rest of my life. It haunts me, but I do know I will see them again. I cant get this thought out of my mind.
I do not know if the space they opened was for me to see or to go with them. I could feel others were on that craft.
I have watched the program of MUFON tonight, I never knew who to tell, as I don't tell very many people about my experience, but I think of it everyday, and many times a day. It haunts me. One other feeling I had was like I was very close to them, then could see them farther away?? Like a lens that was doing a close up and then back off some. 

I also saw the ball of fire this past month that was seen in Arizona, Texas, and described as maybe an astroid? NO it was not an astroid.
It was very low over my house and the size of a basketball to infinity and I could see military jets very high looking or chasing it. The speed was unbelievable.

If I was more computer literate, I would do a drawing, but unable to do it.
