{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518005","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3534,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/005/mufon-5518005.json","updb_database_id":5518005}
{dr}Triangle orange tracers 3 came in sideways vanished at end of tracers after 1 pulse

It was 2006 and I was driving down one of the bigger roads through town . I was driving with my girlfriend in passenger. I saw what I thought might be a shooting star out of the corner of my eye . I turned to see an noticed 3 super bright vibrant thick orange tracers side by side - the middle tracer was just a bit further ahead if the other two tracers on its side - no space was between the tracers but you could tell it was 3 seperate tracers. They wer the most vibrant orange you could imagine , I am color blind- and the only time I seem something so beautiful color wise - a perfect example that makes me wonder is the SS enterprise going to warp speed with the tracers behind it. The difference between them was ur seem to being pulled by the tracers instead of bein propelled. At the end of the tracers an object appeared that was a triangular ship very clear in the sky , absolutely a some sort of metal ship. It had 3 smaller lights , one in each corner and a big light in the middle. It was close enough to see texture of the craft, but seemed far away still. The very first thing that came to mind was the texture u see in the opening scene of star wars a new hope - kinda endless metal ruff looking u see on the big cheese wedge ship, kinda like the Borg ship on star wars. It was a mixture of the above and kinda what a battleship looks like at a distance -- like looks very built of metal and the rivets that hold it together. Kinda like the newer jets - but on a very large scale and more space sci-fi looking , futuristic looking . The movie battleship movie poster also very similiar. ---- this ship came out of the end of the tracers - then the tracers trailed to and end as tracers do but kinda slowly. I saw the ship make an immediate stop in mid air - from insane speed to maybe 20mph and before it diss appeared within a second, reason I velieve the ship went invisible or into a cloud , but I think it was a clear night, not too sure . Before it did this though, the middle light pulsed once that gave me the very clear view of the craft and its textture. This whole event prolly lasted less than 2 seconds , I was in total astonishment so it could have been shorter but I doubt longer . 

My girlfriend was with me in the car an I clearly clearly remember her catching the tracers out of the corner of her eye, acknowledging she saw them or that there was something ther- though she totally missed it - she confirmed there was a light - but today if u ask her about it she doesnt remember it . She denies seeing anything or that she doesnt remember- but I was up all nigt talking about this when I got home. It has changed my life and the way I thing every single day --- yet she doesnt remember that night???? I don't know. 
Thank u coast to coast for giving me the motivation to spend 40 mins typing this out on my phone
