{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478005","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82139","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4816,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/005/mufon-5478005.json","updb_database_id":5478005}
During uphill walk UFO came into view from behind houses. Continued walking, UFO disappeared from view. Backtracked, but UFO remained vanished.

THE SALTHILL UFO SIGHTING, 
GALWAY, Ireland, 22nd February - 1st of March 1986

I am convinced I once saw an UFO, have never one since,
and this is my account of this sighting.

One early spring day I walked up a hill on my way to Salthill beach.

It looked liked it could rain, even though there were patches of blue in the sky.

As I examined the clouds, to judge if it would rain soon, 
a cigar shaped object appeared in the sky between the roofs of a row of houses.

As I continued walking the object moved in the sky relative to the position of the houses on the ground, due to the perspective. I made a stab at estimating it's distance.

It hovered above the roof tops about one or two miles away, not moving.
It's appearance and color made me think of a Zeppelin. 

Then I continued walking and the object disappeared behind the roof of a house and some trees, because I moved and the perspective changed.

I expected to see it again where it should have reappeared, 
but it remained disappeared. 

Then I walked back to where I had seen the object last, because this was strange. A slow moving blimp should still have been in about the same position in the sky. 

But the object was no longer there.

All this happened within a few seconds. 

After I reached the top of the hill I walked down to the beach promenade, I could see that there was a lot of activity in Claude Toft Park, next to the beach, it looked like a festival was going on.

At the seafront I had a clear view of the whole sky, 
and I asked people about having seen a blimp or if balloons had been launched for the festivities, but no one had seen anything. 

I ran into a friend, who owned a local amusement arcade, and I asked him what was going on, and he told me it was "College Week". He also hadn't seen any unusual activities in the sky, although he looked at me in a funny way when I asked him.

Horses were on show and riders did what they do best, they rode around in a small concourse that was set up. The sound of live music was in the air, or so it seems to me, College week came to a close on the 1st of March 1986. 

About two weeks after this I saw a headline in a magazine at a newsstand: "Major UFO flap reported over Irish coast and England". 

A large number of witnesses had seen UFO's and reported them.

Corroborative evidence that UFO's were active around Ireland at the time, I found 30 years later.

My particular sighting is not mentioned, but there were a number of reports. 

Amongst them is the Prince Charles UFO from 23. Feb. 1986.

By coincidence a local artist and archaeologist decided 7 years later! to create megalithic-like stone circles in the location where I had seen the UFO. He timed and aligned the circles with the impact of the comet Shoemaker Levy 9 on Jupiter. The artist had not known about my UFO sighting.

Two weeks after the sighting I dreamed of a struck Alien vessel performing an emergency landing. I perceived coordinates in latitude and longitude. When I checked those in 1986 it turned out to be at Disko Island in Greenland. 

This I followed up in 2016, and found on Satellite images a shipwreck near those coordinates. This is at present going to be the destination of a expedition to the site in June 2016.

What I found appears to be a conventional shipwreck, maybe Norse in origin, or a whaler. So this UFO sighting from 1986 has some long-term effects.
