{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498410","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60776","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/410/mufon-5498410.json","updb_database_id":5498410}
{rjl} Light 50 to 60 yards off highway traveling about 65 mph Flashing about every 3 secs Thru fields with fences, about 5' in the air. When I stopped it stopped. When I started to go again, it started to go, and I just left it behind. Daughter with me.

Driving just south of Koosharem Utah, at about 12:15 in the morning on Friday Oct. 17th. Noticed a flashing light out in the field or sage brush. Though to myself the light must be further than I had judged because I did not get to it and pass it quickly. Then I asked my daughter, is it just me or is that light moving. She said yes it looks like it is. I sped up to about 70 mph and slowly gained on the light. It was about 60 yards off the highway, maybe 5' in the air. I thought maybe it was a four wheeler with a blinking light, but then decided a four wheeler could not go 65 mph. About that time we passed an old house and barn yard just off the highway and the light passed through the yard. I knew there was not a road through the yard. We started to discuss what the light could be and it slowly feel behind me. My daughter wanted me to turn around and shine my lights on it, so instead, I just stopped and turned my truck pointing out into the sage brush so we could see what it was when it passed by. It stopped about 100 yards back. I being impatient and wanting to get to our destination said let's go. It started to move when I started to move, but we left it behind. My daughter kept trying to get me to turn around, but I didn't and now I wish I would have. No idea what it was. When we came back through the area during the day on the 18th, the light would have traveled through fields and sage brush with fences so it couldn't have been on a wheeled vehicle, and the distance we could see it was probably about 2 miles long, so I don't think it could have been a remote control unit unless it was quite sophisticated. Anyway, kind of fun, but I can't explain it.
