{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-22 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529410","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2678,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/410/mufon-5529410.json","updb_database_id":5529410}
noticed dark object in pic just taken when it morphed into many different objects that took off in different directions

i had just taken a pic of a mesa when i was waiting to see if i had gotten what i wanted. a dark object appeared on the left side in the LED and seemed to be moving in a circular motion when all of a sudden this one object turned into many smaller ones that shot off into different directions. It may not have been moving in a circular motion but it was definitely moving enough for me to notice something. It may have appeared to be moving but it could have been the many smaller objects reflecting some type of light source instead. I did not see this until AFTER I had snapped the pic..
We were driving through New Mexico on I-40 EB when this happened. I was driving about 80 miles an hour and had my window down. I was looking north. I did look to see if the camera got any of it and it did get these smaller objects that seemed to just shoot out of the larger one. The smaller ones were gone in less than probably one second. It happened so fast. Like I have tried to explain..I took a shot at the mesa in the background and in between the camera actually getting the shot and my waiting to see if the pic was in focus these things happened. I don't know how I even noticed them as fast as it happened. I feel like it wanted me to see it.
My camera is a fugi fine pix 1000.
The time and date stamp are wrong. It was taken on Friday 22, 2010 at appromximately 3pm. This may have been affected because the time and date stamp were correct before this happened. I checked this before I went on my trip because I wanted it to be correct for the pics taken.
After looking at the pic it seems like this event must have come up from behind the first or closest range and I was trying to focus on the range that appears in the background.
After seeing this I felt like I had just witnessed a UFO event and was so glad that it happened to me especially while driving through N.M.
