{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-08 19:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494410","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65067","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4667,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/410/mufon-5494410.json","updb_database_id":5494410}
Transparent Alien Craft; One glowing star-like light - perhaps at the bottom - light was bright like Venus appears in the evening sky

This is my 3rd UFO sighting. And also the 3rd one from the same location.

Weather: Scattered clouds. Stares were visible where there were no clouds.
Sunset (Delhi time): 18:36 (India time)
Moonrise (Delhi Time): 17:57 (India time) - nearly full moon
The moon was approx. 181 above the horizon but was behind the buildings behind me towards my left - the right corner of the park - as seen in the image.
The sky was quite dark except for some illumination due to the city lights.

I arrived at the park at around 7:10 PM and sat on the bench facing South-West-by-South. There were scattered clouds in the sky. Four stars caught my attention, which were at about 451 to 501 elevation and were almost in a straight horizontal line, with almost equal spacing between them. The 2nd one from the right was slightly below the line. They were just above the trees on the opposite end of the park. No other stars were visible below them because the trees and the buildings were blocking my view. No other stars were visible near & above them because of some clouds. After a while the clouds moved and I could see a few more stars in the night sky above them. Normally, not many stars are visible because of illumination due to the street lights.

I kept looking around the sky for a possible UFO sighting and was also watching some other people in the park. There were four boys, three of them were sitting and one was standing - facing them and was kind of bossy. They were at the bench where I usually sat - far right corner of the park (from my location). The boy who was standing slapped the one sitting to his extreme right twice or thrice and was constantly lecturing & consoling all of them, apparently in a hushed manner. Petty criminals, I thought to myself. Should I intervene, decided not to.

There were some old ladies to my left, singing in praise of Lord Krishna. And I was thinking about aliens.

After some time, I happened to look up -- as usual :-) .. at about 701 elevation .. and saw a star moving star in my direction. My first thought was that it is just another satellite orbiting the earth. I have seen a few such things earlier, and I was seeing another one after a long time.

A satellite appears to move slowly while orbiting the earth and takes about 5 minutes or less to traverse the visible sky and it looks like any other star due to the sun's light bouncing off it. Unlike those, the size of this one was like that of the planet Venus as seen above the horizon in the evening sky - big and bright. Since I have seen two UFOs earlier from the same park, it occurred to me that it can't be just a coincidence and there has to be something unusual about it. And I was right.

Assuming it to be another UFO - an alien craft - I tried to gauge its altitude, and I realised that no other stars were visible around it and a big patch of cloud was right over me. I stood up and kept looking at it and realised that it surely was below the clouds. As it slowly came almost overhead, a bit to my left, there was no cloud and I could see a few other stars beyond the UFO, and it seemed to be at a lower altitude compared to the other stars.

As it moved further, moving from West-South-West to East-North-East, I had to walk away from the bench towards the center of the park, to keep looking at it because the trees and the adjacent buildings were blocking the view. I saw it fade away into a bright white glow of some street light. I looked at my watch and it was 7:30 PM. Considering its slow speed, I guess it appeared at 7:28 PM. Later, while walking back home a few minutes after 8:00 PM, I saw and realised that the bright white glow was that of the near-full-moon which was slowing rising up into the sky. And the star-like light of the ALien Craft had vanished into the white glow because of the moon.
