{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501410","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4666,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/410/mufon-5501410.json","updb_database_id":5501410}
{dr}Oval shaped white/green ufo observed by 5 witnesses crossing the sky from NW to NE at high altitude at high speed slightly smaller than aspirin, multiple star-like UFO sightings 6 witnesses of irregular movement and flashing for 50 min after sighting

My husband and I invited his mother and 3 friends over to light off fireworks in our front yard for 4th of July. After we had completed our show I went into the house for 5 minutes to attend to one of our children and when I returned my husband our 3 friends and his mother told me what I had missed in the sky while I was gone. They had viewed an oval shaped white with a slightly green tint object cross the sky at an extremely fast, yet not shooting rate of speed North West to North East at about a 55-60 degree angle at 10:45PM lasting for a 15 second duration. Considering that I am a MUFON Field Investigator my husband was very enthused that I missed the occurrence, my mother-in-law and friends were very excited after learning about my involvement with MUFON and I was very agitated at my husband, because my camera was RIGHT THERE freaking RIGHT THERE in a chair beside of him. I asked them questions and continued to discuss what happened while in discussion my husband, mother-in-law, and friends continued pointing in the sky at star-like UFO's travelling at high rates of speed, flashing, one moving erratically in circles and another moving, hovering and then moving. Within the course of 55 minutes I observed a total of 5 star UFO phenomena 6 were observed with the largest initial oval sighting. My husband was a flight operations specialist in the Army we both worked on an airfield, however my MOS was not in aviation and he stated the objects observed were way above Mach 3 or any speed he has ever seen. The first two star objects were observed at 45 degrees directly north passing directly along side one another the left moving NNW to SSE the second SSE to NNW for a duration of 15-20 seconds. After this sighting a few minutes past 11PM there was a third star like object 65 degrees North East Circling in a small penny sized pattern clockwise my friends comment "like a mosquito" for a duration of about 30 seconds then slowly faded. The fourth star object I observed at an estimated time of 11:20 moved slowly from SSE to NNW from 90 degrees to 75 degrees and then shot just like a meteor viewed in a shower to 40 degrees NNW. The last object observed for a duration of 15 minutes between 11:30 and 11:45 was like a star moving in the North East from 75 degrees to 60 degrees and back again flashing occasionally in an erratic pattern as if it were signaling, then staying stationary, moving slowly again from one position to another, fading out, fading back in and flashing during the time observed. I attempted to video record some of the phenomena, but the objects were too small for camera on video recording. When I took pictures a sequence of stars forming a triangle pattern appeared on camera that was not viewed by naked eye. I had problems with the operation of my camera during the 55 minutes of siting. The camera kept on displaying full memory capacity, when I did not have very many pictures stored. After I deleted some pictures and videos off of my camera I still had the "memory too full" display and finally I had a window where I could record video, unfortunately that did not come out, but the pictures I took did with the unusual triangle pattern. Whether or not I had actually captured something in the sky or light reflection I do not know. Mysteriously the pictures jumped in sequence skipping 041 and 042 as if I had never taken the photographs or deleted them off of the camera.
