{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-07 21:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288729","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114634","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2421,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/729/mufon-5288729.json","updb_database_id":5288729}
Cigar Shaped high altitude very large

This is my first sighting that I feel I can not logically solve on my own. Any help would be greatly appreciated. My background includes 4 years in the military as a jet engine mechanic. I worked on the flight line (runway and and staging area for the aircraft) for my entire career. I worked nights for the majority of my career and observed hundreds of take offs and landings. The base trained all of the B-52 pilots in the Air Force so we flew 24 hours a day 6 days a week. That said my wife has been a pilot/ instructor for 32 years so we have spent many hours in our own aircraft. My observation occurred as I walked out of the front door of my house and turned looking west northwest at about 40 degrees above the horizon. What I visualized was already occurring. It seemed to be in the upper atmosphere and it was very large. Perhaps hundreds of miles long. It had the classic cigar shape and was made up of perhaps hundreds objects or possibly one object with hundreds of lights. This absolutely was not a meteor or debris burning up in the atmosphere unless it could maintain its shape throughout the entire event. I can't count the number of falling stars I've seen throughout my life, I even saw one hit the ground once. This was not that. The path taken was almost horizontal maybe 2 or 3 degrees nose down. However the most interesting characteristic was that it faded in a gradual fashion. Possibly hundreds of points of lights fading at the exactly the same time. None of the points of light were brighter than the other as if something was burning in the atmosphere and disintegrating in the process. The points of light seemed to be exactly the same brightness and faded at the same rate and it maintained the cigar shape throughout the event. Thank you in advance for your help.
