{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-06-15 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502729","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6046,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/729/mufon-5502729.json","updb_database_id":5502729}
{cak} two crafts fly out of each end of a large fire ball

In the summer month of 1978 (June or July), myself and three friends were cardboard sliding down a grassy hill near my house. We were all 11 to 12 at the time and we were having a great time. It was a warm, clear, sunny day and there were no clouds or airplanes in the area. As we slid down the hill, about halfway down there was a wire fence that would stop us from sliding all the way down the hill. The four of us were sitting at the fence, talking after another trip down the hill when one of us, I believe it was Mike, looked up in the sky and said, "whoa, check that out." We looked up to where he was pointing and saw the most unbelievable thing I've ever experienced. A massive fireball was in the sky above our heads. It was probably the size of two football fields in length and the width of one football field. It was huge and about 1000 feet above us. The flames seemed to be continually generating, not burning out, but continuing to burn as if there was an endless supply of fuel. It reminded me of a huge explosion fireball. Unbelievable. 

We stared at the fireball, exclaiming how unreal it looked, wondering if planes had collided in mid-flight. It couldn't have been because there was no explosion and the fireball was silent and void of any falling debris. After about five minutes the real fireworks began. From each end of the fireball came elliptical-shaped flying objects. They were shiny, looking like stainless steel material. They didn't have wings and were shaped like eggs. They shot across the sky in opposite directions, disappearing over the opposite horizons in a matter of seconds, yet they made no sound. I have since worked on several engineering projects on military bases and I have seen fighter jets take off and fly across the sky at high speeds. These two elliptical UFO's were way faster than any of these fighter planes and with the fighter jets, they always make loud roars as they tear across the sky. These UFO's made no sound whatsoever. We stared for the next couple minutes, wondering if the UFO's would come back, also watching the huge fireball, burning as bright as it had when we first saw it. After a couple minutes we saw both UFO's approaching from the north, flying close to each other as they sped across the sky, when they both suddenly made 90-degree turns in opposite directions, one to the west and one to the east. They then made several more directional changes, doing things that no airplane or helicopter could ever do, at speeds that defied modern avionics. Left turns, turns straight up or straight down, all while traveling at high speeds and all turns were made on a dime - almost right angle turns and change of directions. We couldn't believe what we were seeing. This mid-air aerial acrobatics continued for the next 5 minutes before the two UFO's once again disappeared over opposite horizons, one north and the other south. 

It was another five minutes before we saw them again. Just as we thought they were gone, they reappeared and came straight at each other in a high-speed game of chicken. As they got close enough to crash into each other they both turn 180 degrees and shot off away from each other. We assumed they were going to disappear over the horizons again, but they both shot back toward each other and got close to each other, hovering about 500 feet away from the massive fireball. And then the most unbelievable part of this story happened. It was all unbelievable to this point, but then one of the UFO's emitted a light beam toward the other UFO. It was like the one shot a bright white bolt of electricity at the other. It was a direct hit and the other UFO went from shiny like stainless steel to a dull grey, as if it had lights earlier that had just been turned off. And then we stood in disbelief as the UFO that had just been shot with the bolt of light, fell from the sky, straight down, disappearing over the mountains to our west. The other UFO then flashed four white lights, in a circular sequence and then it shot straight up, disappearing in the blink of an eye. It was there and then gone in less than a second. Unreal. We all screamed in disbelief, unable to process what our young minds had just witnessed. 

When then turned our attention to the fireball, hoping to see more UFO's flying out of it, but what happened next was the fireball began to fade. This fireball that seemed to have an endless supply of fuel earlier was now burning out. It took about five minutes before the massive fireball was completely gone and the experience was over. I swear to my god in heaven this story is all true. I have often thought of hiking to the area in the mountains where the one UFO went down, but for some reason I have never gone. I would like to someday, but I'm sure there is private property issues and living in Sonoma County a person needs to be careful about hiking in the hills on their own. (marijuana growers). 

We had one of my friend's mother call to see if there were any air shows or other training things going on that day, and she said they told her there were no aircraft in the area. I can't confirm if she actually called anyone or not, but I know what I saw that day. I have only told a few people about this over the years, for fear of being laughed at or called a liar, but I would sit for a lie-detector test anytime and would pass. This really happened.
