{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-06-01 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504729","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3257,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/729/mufon-5504729.json","updb_database_id":5504729}
{rjl} Hovering, circular lights, spinning/rotating

1. I was standing at the edge of the driveway, facing the house across the street. I wasn't doing anything in particular, just enjoying being outside. I remember that it was sometime around my high school graduation, but not on my exact graduation date...maybe shortly after. Summers are hot here, so it's only comfortable to be outdoors before sunrise or after sundown. The time of day was...getting dark. When the even started it was pink-ish/orange-y sky time, and when it ended it was definitely dark out.
2. What made me notice the object was that they appeared in the sky right in front of my eyes. It was cloudy - I could only see solid cloud cover in the sky, but not dark rain clouds. As I stood there watching, six circular lights appeared above the house I was facing. High above, not low or in close proximity to the roof. I saw the outline of the circle-lights against the clouds in the sky. But there was no shadow of any object (such as an aircraft), and no beams of light going into or emanating from the light-circles in any direction. There are several car dealerships nearby, many of which liked to aim search lights into the sky (from the ground) at night, to attract attention for business (I guess). It was a popular thing for the dealerships to do at the time. Those searchlights always had a prominent beam visible from the ground, and the circles of light they gave off always warped into ovals at sky level. They also used to rotate them around so the search light beams swept the skies. The circle-lights I saw that night had none of those properties. They were perfect, unwarped circles against the clouds with no visible beams (or source) that I could determine.
3. I didn't have any particular ideas of what the lights were, other than just lights. I knew they weren't search lights like the dealerships used. 
4. There were six of the circle-lights in the sky and they appeared in a circular formation. If I held my hand up to the sky, I'd say the size of each circle-light was maybe tennis ball sized (for what that's worth). The lights began to rotate around in a circle, sometimes stopping, sometimes switching and rotating in the opposite direction, sometimes clustering together into a tight circle (sometimes converging into one circle) and rotating/spinning rapidly and sometimes spreading back out into a wider circle, rotating/spinning slightly slower. I think I watched this for about twenty minutes before the lights suddenly disappeared.
5. My feelings were of amazement, amusement, a bit of fear, but mostly I felt as if I were watching them (the circle-lights) play or dance
