{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-01 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483729","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76133","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2742,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/729/mufon-5483729.json","updb_database_id":5483729}
{nd} Large UFO Over Portland, OR

I was outside late at night, laying on my back in the yard, watching netflix on my phone. I was looking upward watching an episode of South Park. It caught my eye because it was bright orange and red. I couldn't understand what it was. I kept thinking it had to be a hot air balloon or something. I was seeing it from underneath. It was a bright red circle that looked like fire, due to the way it flickered. That circle was the center of a much larger circle that was a bright orange red. It looked like the center was the fire and the rest of the object was illuminated it. 

I realized it couldnt be a hot air balloon because the basket would hide the fire. I wondered if it could be some weird paper floating fire art, like what you might see in Japan, but enormous. There wasn't any noise, which really stuck out to me. I am used to the sound of planes and helicopters. This was not high and climbing altitude like a plane which are noisy. It was lower like a helicopter might be, but without sound and it was enormous by comparison. 

I tried to get out of my Netflix and get to my camera on my phone. I stood up and tried to get a better look at it. I never felt like I could get a different view of it. It was moving too slowly, not a dead hover but really slow like a hot air balloon. But it always looked like I was seeing it from underneath. When it moved from over my neighbors house, North, maybe 2 city clocks really slowly, I watched it and there wasn't a side view , it still looked like a glowing orange circle with a bright red circle on the bottom underside.So, disc shaped I suppose because it didn't seem deep from the side but was 3 dimensional and pie shaped.

I couldn't get my phone to work, but did not attribute it to the ship. I was just learning to use the new smart phone. It had to be fairly fast. But it seemed like it lasted to maybe 8 minutes. I gave up on the phone and just wanted to watch it, because it was unlike anything I had ever seen. I really never was in to UFO stuff. I still wish I knew what it was. I kept my eye on it. It moved North a few blocks and then it just disappeared.
