{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-14 13:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284199","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/199/mufon-5284199.json","updb_database_id":5284199}
Daylight UAP Light hovered then slowly moved on.

On November 14th, 2021 I spotted a UAP at approximately 1:16 in the afternoon. The object appeared virtually motionless over a tall palm on the north side of Ventura Blvd in Studio City for approximately 3 to 4 minutes before appearing to move ever so slowly to the northeast along the apparent direction of Ventura blvd. Then when approximately between the palm that it hovered over and the next palm, to the northeast it appeared to change direction and began to move in a northern direction. Finally it changed direction once more and drifted to the northwest until it faded from view. All the while it repeated a pulsating light pattern. When the object was first seen it was very small yet its color gave the impression of it having a a steady white tone. Then what seemed like a brief flash erupted from its right side and the dissipated. Then a second object, similar to the original object appeared below the original object with a thin dark band separating the two objects. Then the lower object disappeared leaving the original object behind. Then the entire sequence repeated itself over and over until the objects faded out of sight 10-12 minutes later, 1-flat tone, 2-spark, glint, flash 3-second object appears, 4-second object disappears then back to 1. Toward the end the object was only visible when it glinted. It’s almost as if this was an irregular shaped object that pulsed light as it spun in place or like a strobe. Not a balloon, it was virtually motionless before it moved, and when it did move it was excruciatingly slow and steady, no tumbling or fluttering and moving at times against the prevailing wind of 5 mph moving to the northeast.

Maria, my wife, and I had been in Studio City taking in the Farmers Market and she wanted to see the merchandise in Madewell, a boutique on the south side of Ventura. I chose to wait outside. As I was waiting my eye caught the object over the palm. As I watched the object I wanted to grab a passer by and direct them to the object, but decided that I might not be able to get them to find it since it was very tiny and also that I would loose valuable view time try to convince them to look in the first place, so I didn’t. 

The San Fernando valley boasts, two airports, Burbank and Van Nuys and approaches to LAX. It was in this crowded environment that I spotted the UAP. Throughout the duration of this sighting I noticed the passing of 3 airplanes as well. One, a jet, apparently at a high altitude, 35,000-40,000 feet, perhaps 10 miles away-visible as a speck with a contrail, was off to the left of the palms, possibly over San Gabriel mountains at about 60-70 degrees in elevation moving easterly. Another jet was to the right of the palms but much lower, its fuselage clearly visible, moving from the northwest to southeast, about 45 degree and about 3-4 miles away. The third plane was the lowest of the 3, seemed to be making an approach to LAX, coming in from the north, about 2 miles away appearing to be to the left and below the object. The last plane clearly was in the general vicinity of the object.

This makes the 3rd time I’ve seen a UAP. Once during the Hudson Valley flap in 1984 and the second a few months later, and finally today, November 14th, 2021. 1:16-1:26 pm.

General meteorological conditions:
Winds light to the northeast at 5
Temp: 90 degrees.
Sky: clear, visibility unlimited.
