{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-21 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287199","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116177","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5690,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/199/mufon-5287199.json","updb_database_id":5287199}
Have photos. Wake up screaming x2 nights, next day find 4-finger fingerprint bruises+new {birthmark, UAP observed} - {djs}

I am a 32 year old female. I am also an HSP, or Empath. I live alone with two dogs who sleep with me, and a cat. 

On/about night of April 25th, 2021, everything was "normal." 
From what I can remember now, I recall having nightmares about ETs/E.B.E.'s. "Greys," specifically. I awoke in the middle of the night, sitting straight up in bed, screaming in terror. One of the two nights I woke and ran from my bed screaming from a dead sleep. I had the distinct "knowing" or feeling I was not alone. I experienced fear like I've never known. I remember trying to calm myself, check my dogs, and shake off the disorientation. I remember closing my eyes and asking myself without speaking, "who's here? who are you?" And I received flashing visions of typical alien Greys on the inside of my eyelids. I went back to sleep and awoke the next morning to find distinct looking fingerprint bruises on my upper right thigh, except there were only 4 digits. Not 5. I checked my other leg and noticed an approx. 6-inch "birthmark"-looking long, thin streak on my leg that was never there before. I didn't hurt and I had no idea how it got there. Now the fingerprints are gone but the mark still remains. I took photos of both a couple days after the incident because I was still doubting my experience. The photos are dated 4/25/2021.

I don't remember which night, but it was around the same timeframe. While it was still dark and I was lying in bed I remember awaking suddenly, but this time feeling no additional presence and without screaming. I looked over at my larger dog and immediately gasping and withdrawing. As I looked over my sleeping dog, I could see his entire cardiovascular system and bones as if he was under a full body x-ray. I could see his blood flowing. His heart beating. every bone in his body. I could see life energy flowing and pulsating around and within him. I reached out to touch him and I could feel his physicality and I could see the point of impact on his body from my fingertip, like a ripple on a pond. Then I noticed I could see the bones in my own hand. I looked over and I could see my other dog in x-ray, too. I don't remember what happened next. I think I fainted and fell back asleep because I awoke and things were back to normal. 

I haven't told anyone. 

A couple months prior on 1/29/2021 I observed something falling from the sky while I was taking my dogs out. I made a note because I'm familiar with the difference between civilian/military aircraft, comets and meteors. This was not any of those. My note states: "I just saw something fall from the sky while I was standing in my backyard taking the dogs out. I was facing Northwest when I saw it streak down brightly at about a 60-70 degree angle. No tail was present. Just a very bright singular object. No sound was present either."

What I didn't note was that it was already very close and in our atmosphere. I had been watching the skies a lot and noticing things I can't explain, but don't feel safe enough to ask in my hometown. 

Since these events, I've stopped wearing watches because they always stop working. One of them is higher-end. After I remove it and rewind to correct the time but don't touch it, it works fine. The battery is still in perfect working order. I've had a few (unrelated) medical appointments since and their computers and other medical equipment always malfunction but I've never said anything. 

About a week ago now I've started having dizzy spells and episodes of unexplained fainting. I am an athlete and in very good health, exercise and diet and psyche-wise. 

I've waited to say anything, and I'm still quite afraid, but I'm more curious than anything. I am an outsider here because of my beliefs and way of life. I am from a very stereotypical tiny midwest town. This is no Johns Hopkins or MENSA breeding grounds. I am intimately familiar with The Ra Material book series. 

I have an INFJ Personality Type and was labeled a "gifted child" very early in life. My life's experiences are ripe for Hollywood. I know there's more people like me out there, but here I am a stranger. I'm actually not sure why I'm doing this. I still doubt myself. Maybe I have characteristics of interest, maybe I'm a "chosen one?" But maybe I can contribute to the legitimization or eventual disclosure and transparency from our Government that we are certainly not alone. 

I forgot to add more than a few times I wake up with the back of my head sore and my neck stiff, as if I slept on a hard, flat surface with no padding. 

*I do experience Migraines frequently, enough to be referred to a Neurology specialist who, at this time, cannot pinpoint the origin of my headaches nor establish a pattern. 

**Also I remember now my period has been irregular since. I had the distinct feeling that my reproductive system was somehow of interest. The day after the last contact I started my cycle, but it was not "normal."
