{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-24 22:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498199","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3291,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/199/mufon-5498199.json","updb_database_id":5498199}
{dr}At first, Thought it was a plane - had light pattern similar to a plane. Was looking at it. Began to think it was strange for a plane. Shifted to sequential blue/red light pattern after I said out loud,

Was out on my backyard deck at my house in the SouthEast residential area of Sioux Falls. We see many planes flying over, as an airport is fairly nearby. Also, I have at one point in the summer of 2012 seen a ufo, a pulsating orange orb. I have not reported that sighting to mufon or anywhere else. I have also seen lights in my backyard, that I knew were strange even earlier than that sighting. They were blue and red, and judging by the odd movements I knew that they were not airplanes. This evening, i had just stepped out on my deck and actually had been recalling some of these past events. I looked out North to NorthWest, and saw what appeared to be a distant, slow-moving, and blinking airplane. I thought that it looked peculiar, that the lights were uncommon for an airplane. I believe it somehow noticed that I had taken note of it and was following it with my eyes VERY closely. It slowed down, and I thought this was very odd, indeed! It CONTINUED slowing down, not very high up in the sky. Then, the crazy part - it just stopped! I was like "what the hell is this now?" Then, it began moving toward me. Still with a light pattern I believe was intended to imitate an airplane's. Then it became very close, and the light pattern changed! This was crazy. Blue and red rows of straight patterned lights, blinking one after the other directly from the back of the craft up toward the front, then beginning from the back to the front again continuously. This revealed it's shape which was a perfect triangle, and not very large. I would guess it was certainly not larger than any airplane that typically flies by. It was pretty darned small. I got a good look at it as it flew DIRECTLY overhead of me!! I was very scared, I have heard my share of abduction cases and DID NOT want to be abducted, so I was mindful of my position. I headed inside afterward and locked all the doors in my house. It was the most amazing flying object I have ever witnessed. One more thing, I ought to mention is that not long afterwards, there were ambulances and sirens down the street on my very avenue. This has NEVER happened that I can remember, we live in a very safe and secure area. Someone must have had a medical problem, but the coincidence is very strange and noteworthy. Thank You. BTW, I wanted to get a camera, but all I have is my crappy Nokia Lumia 900 with a pretty bad cam on it. I ran up to get it, but realized it was too dark to take a good photo with it, so gave up on it.
