{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487199","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72471","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/199/mufon-5487199.json","updb_database_id":5487199}
In form of

Were I and my co-worker, about 00:29, on 27 May 2015, taking service in Contemporary Business Cargo Transport which is near the airport Eduardo Gomes, here in Manaus! When we looked up and saw a form of "V" object, which looked like a flock of birds and at the same time as if they were smoke angels doing that training.
We found it strange because it was early morning and we had never seen birds flying at this hour! Came towards center district, passed us and entered a small cloud, that's when we found strange, this "object", did not go through this cloud, bad got into it a few seconds and when we realized, this "V" was already on top of us again, it went to the heart going again and saw that he had a point of light in front of the smallest object, medium that was incorporated into the larger and took another turn abruptly, without curve, just changed direction and was in the other direction, towards the New Town neighborhood, here in Manaus.
Even recorded, bad image of my cell was bad.
Apologized for not having sent an e-mail before, knew not to fall, that's when you saw the program; I decided to report the case.
The other day, we saw two objects, also in the form of "V", only coming from the direction airport to the new city district, this time, the largest object mingled at the lowest becoming one, the two days were very hot, had few clouds, only they come into a cloud and do not pass to the other side, it is to be camouflage.
Would be possible to work with you here in the Amazon is not the first time I see objects in the sky when you were young, + - 16 years, we and a friend saw a disc-shaped object land on CIGS (War Instruction Center Jungle), today we have almost 43 years and I know for sure the army knows something.
We have also seen those objects that look like stars and then begin to wander through that deviating from the others, this happened several times, practically grew up watching all this and often other people were with me and witnessed the fact also.
And the main thing I have to say to you is that there is a very high probability of these objects are not UFOs, I've been doing a lot of studies for years, and found a person who nearly had a meeting with them, it was a sect who worship UFO's and her master told her that they did not come from space, he said that they were actually the descendants of fallen angels and that they are hidden beneath the earth!
I would check and send all the information to you, you know that many incidents are happening these UFO near volcanoes, huge craters appearing around the world, sea opening, something that happened in Japan and etc.
I think I have the answers you seek for some time, bad have no recourse to pursue the evidence, I have to recruit someone to go with me, someone they trust and certainly you deliver the final equation to which you are seeking!
Bad listen perhaps the final answer is not what you think it's actually think it's something more sinister than we think.

My name is "J", and if you are interested in eventually this search, I hope to be useful to you, as I said before, only lacking the tools.

I await answers
