{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-23 10:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472199","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88235","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2635,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/199/mufon-5472199.json","updb_database_id":5472199}
Essex UK Cigar/Sphere UFO

I am writing this report 1 hour following the sighting (10:57am) so recollection of event remains clear. It is a clear day with blustery winds between 14-16mph, very few clouds. Travelling east along A127 just outside of Upminster, Essex, I noticed a large brilliant white cigar shaped object in front of me. The object was travelling from north to south across the carriageway at around 15-20 degrees in elevation from my observation point. I would estimate the object to be around 5-8 miles away. I would also estimate the length of the object to be around 150-200 metres in length. The object was steadily moving with no visible exhaust or method of propulsion. As I was driving I was unable to gaze at the object for an extended period of time. Looking down to check the road ahead, I found upon looking up the object had vanished. At this stage I am intrigued so I began to scan the sky, and to my amazement the object had reappeared to the South of my location, closer to me (near Childerditch Lane); although this time the object appeared to be a very large metallic sphere. The sphere was higher in elevation at around 30-35 degrees but at around an approximate distance of 2 miles, which I believe places it above West Horndon, Essex. Once again the object simply disappeared. At this point I decided to pull over to try and photograph the object, although the nearest parking bay was 1/2 mile away. During this time the object re-appeared and I could see the metallic object glistening in the sunlight, which was now at an angle of around 70 degrees and closing. Unfortunately I never saw the object again once I had the opportunity to pull over into the parking bay. There was a truck driver in the bay but he was not apparently aware of the object. Can anyone collaborate my sighting as the object was of significant size and surely must have been witnessed by others. I work in construction and have a practical outlook and attitude, but the object sighting I have just witnessed has left me utterly baffled and bewildered.
