{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-07 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500199","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3524,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/199/mufon-5500199.json","updb_database_id":5500199}
{cak} Ufo hovers over my area every night for the past two months over the neighbors house and mine. I've also been visited by extra terrestrial beings.

1. This is a hard form to fill out because this is not just a single event, and I also think I may be experiencing abduction with my boyfriend. I'm filling this out to maybe get help with my current situation dealing with ufo's and aliens. The first time I ever encountered a ufo I was sitting in my room watching hulu or Netflix and just looking out my window. Every other time I was out on a night walk (with my boyfriend and sometimes my dog would come with us, I don't go alone) or I happen to just look out my window and see it.
2. I live in an area where there are quite a few hills/mountains, there is a visible cell tower right out front of my house on a large mountian. Next to it there would appear to be a white flashing light on the mountian, I assumed is was a car driving up the mountian but I google maped it and there's no road to get up to it, it can only be accessed by a flying vehicle. The the light would quickly move upwards, then go left or right, then flash a green/ teal color and dissipate out of thin air and hover above my neighborhood or over a small airport I live next to. It does this nearly every night, and every night it seems to get closer and closer to my home.
3. At first I thought it was a car, but then I immediately knew it was a ufo once I saw the way it moved and the colors it would turn.
4. It seems to be a round object like a sideways oval with a round like shape on top. It has a total of five lights on it, 3 in the front, and two on the sides that flash. From a distance ( such as on the mountian I live in front of) the three lights on the front and the two on the sides mesh together and look like one big bright light. When it is close(such as hovering over my neighbors house) the lights on the front look red/orange/yellow, I've seen the ufo multiple times and the colors aren't always the same. Also the two flashing lights turn off unless it's further away from my home/neighborhood (such as being over the small airport I live next to)
The light tends to move upwards off the mountian and move to the left or right then dissipate and I also see it dissipate instantaneously and appear in a different location. It will also hover in the same spot for several minutes or even hours then turn green and flash into a different area and the cycle will repeat over and over again all night. 
5. At first I was shocked because I never thought something like this would ever happen to me but now I'm completely used to it. What I'm not used to is aliens visiting my home. I've taken videos and photos of the object several times. 
6. I don't ever lose sight of it unless I go to sleep, I never see it during the day, otherwise it can look out my window at any time of night and it will be somewhere in my area visible from my home.
