Case No. 1646 31082021

Date: December 16, 2019.

Approximate Time: 16:52 local time.

Location: Buin, Metropolitan Region.

Witnesses: N. T., 25 years old.

Images: The case featured a photograph taken at 1/1011s, ISO 50, and F1.8 aperture. (Figure 1)

                                     Figure 1

Description: The user described the reported sighting as a small circle of "lead metallic" color that appeared from the east and disappeared from view "above a cloud." However, they also noted that the entire event lasted "one photo" and ended
Writing that "I was testing the camera of my cellphone when I saw a cloud with
a large bird-like shape and when I zoomed in, I noticed this strange shape."

The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 33° 39’ 34’’ S
and 70° 39’ 30’’ W. (Figure 2)

                                    Figure 2

The only image that supported the report was perused by computer programs to verify its digital integrity. The examination of the information
the metadata contained defined that it was taken with a cellular phone
Huawei, P30 Lite model.

The review of air traffic that could be seen at the time of the photo did not yield any consistent results with what was captured.

Weather conditions were analyzed using observations from Arturo Merino Benítez Airport (SCEL) in Santiago and Santo Domingo Airport (SCSN).

At the time of the photo capture, there was at least 10 kilometers of visibility, winds blowing at 13 knots from the southwest, and no clouds.
under 5,000 feet (approximately 1,530 meters). On the other hand, the balloon flight over the Metropolitan Region determined that around 130 meters there were light winds of 2 knots (4 km/h) coming from the south-southwest. Above that level and up to 1,500 meters of altitude, there were winds coming from the south with intensities between 9 and 14 knots (17 and 26 km/h).

According to the testimony, the reported object was only perceived upon reviewing
A photograph using the digital zoom of their cell phone, so the direction of flight of the object under study could not be established. In the available image, the object appeared at a lower altitude than the cloud depicted, which was around 1,500 meters, an area where it could have encountered winds with intensities of 2 to 14 knots coming from a range of south-southeast to south-southwest. If it had flown at less than 130 meters, the winds would have come from the southwest to south-southwest with speeds of 2 to 5 knots (4 to 9 km/h).
Figure 3 shows a higher magnification, revealing pixelation effects along with an overlay of visible surfaces.

Figure 3

The search for balloons sold in the country yielded the items shown in Figure 4:

Figure 4

While the poor graphic qualities of the studied image did not allow us to verify if it was one of these dinosaur balloons, it is possible that it was a similar product.
Consider it as a feasible possibility based on both the visible volumes and the meteorological conditions, which would allow something like this to fly freely. In this situation, a small balloon, far from the camera, could not only be lost from view due to its drift but also by changing the angle at which it presented its volumes to the light source that made it glow partially.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results obtained from
Geographical, forensic, air traffic, meteorological, and photographic studies concluded that what was reported did not have the described characteristics but rather came from an interpretation of a very partial image. Available background information suggests that it was not an air anomaly, but rather a drifting balloon. Case classified as "Probably Explained."
