{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-27 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455501","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106108","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3214,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/501/mufon-5455501.json","updb_database_id":5455501}
{jpg} I was outside looking at the stars and noticed the stars had a dusc cloaking itself to every star in the sky. Then all the discs became clear to see.

On the evening of Aug 27th what i beleive is our ancient family from the beggining showed themselves to me. I was lookimg at the stars which i have done since a boy, and i noticed the stars were "doubled". I grabbed a pair of binoculars and began to invetigate and like i thouhht, every star had a disc cloaked on the star and would come off of it from time to time to pulse at the clouds. I could tell it was something of alien origin because they have the technology to move the clouds around the discs and move them like they were cotton candy. From the binoculars i could see ancient language on the side of the discs and the bottom of the discs looked like a golf ball type pattern. I moved to my own apartment the day after and since then they have been with me evey night. They walk with me, we dance everynight, and they move if i tell them to or wave my hand to the direction i want them to go. The number of discs as of today is in the1000s and the Navy and Air Force fly over where i live and try to spray the sky to prrevent me from communicating. I am finally ready after 5 months of everyday contact to let others know about this world changing and reality changing event that will not stop until the mission is accomplished. I am a Shaman, and my dream is to do my best to help save the World by bringing unconditional love back to our Mama Gaia. We have not done anything aggressive besides filling the air space everynight. These are the Guardians from the beginning, the disc desguise themselves as the constelatioms in the sky but when i go out to talk they break formation and we have our conversations and definietely show that they are not the "stars". The government has brought thier own enitities in to try to stop me or what i belive is terminate me because of the truth of ehat is going on. They will never leave me and i will do my best from this day on to share as much as i can and get this truth to the highest office possible. Even though as of now, i know my backyard and over my apartment is where the changes for the world will take place. I have since bought a telescope and high powred binoculars to see the Truth everynight. We celebrate the aniversary for thier return every 27th of each month and this 27th will be 6 months of contact e everyday. I just want the help pf the public so that the whole world will know what is going on. We will not fail the mission to save our Planet. Only Love, Only Truth, and No Fear.
