{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-26 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489501","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70118","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6135,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/501/mufon-5489501.json","updb_database_id":5489501}
{dr}For the third time, in two months, I stepped on my porch to see a bright whitr light turn on in thr sky, only a few hundred feet above me. silent, very bright, five seconds the off and object was gone.

I had just come home from a two hour return trip home from visiting my grandkids. It was around 9-9:30 in the evening. I stepped out on my back porch to smoke, when....for the third time in two months, this extremely bright white light just turned on, like it was saying "here I am". The light cast no light on very few whispy clouds around it. As it had in the past, it stayed on for 4-5 seconds then slowly went out. I saw what looked like a cigar shaped dark figure behind the light. It was so very bright that it was hard to see past the light. There was no noise before or after and nothing around me was electrically effected. My dog was inside, so she didn't bark. Like the other two times, it was approximately at a very low whispy cloud level....maybe 400 feet up.....I'm not good with measuring above the ground, but it was much closer than a biplane would fly. It was a clear night with a few thin very low lying misty like clouds. I had only been on my porch one to two minutes before it lit up. The light is like basketball size and completely round, but cast no light around it. This is my third encounter with this same thing. I reported it the first time and Lou Gagnon from Va took on my case. Somehow his email was gone from my phone, so I didn't know how to contact him, again. The first time that these lights appeared very low to both my mother and I. At that time it went behind another low lying cloud, to come out a total of three times. It always stays on for a slow 4-5seconds then goes off, to light up again coming out behind a low cloud, to turn on again. The second time, it was about the same height as usual and only came on once. Never a sound to be heard. It's so close that the light stays on much longer than a blinking planes lights, it's also way to low. The third time this happened, on last Wednesday, I was totally caught off guard and it frightened me terribly. This feels very personal, to me, like it wants me to see it. That may sound weird, but no weirder than it coming a third time. I am baffled. I'm scared and other odd things are happening in the skies in front of my deck, that I've never seen before. Many nights,I will see what looks like a bright star, very high up and think that it's odd that it wasn't there a minute ago. The light will slowly fall and then fade out, like a flare. I've seen this a dozen times, with my elderly mom seeing it once. There has been extremely bright planes coming from the western sky.... All from the same place....that are so bright that they look like search planes. They turn to the south, as they approach my complex and then head south. It may be four at a time. There has been more, what looks like military planed, flying in twos, that I have ever seen before. In the past month, I had my cable WiFi and Tv updated to X1. When I downloaded the apps that everyone downloads for streaming, my Google account was taken over by "Linux". I couldn't do anything with my phone because this Linux took over my Google account, so my phone wouldn't recognize me. After hours of trying to get into my Google account, I finally saw that that operating system had put itself as the primary owner of my phone! My device wouldn't recognize me, so I couldn't use my emails or banking app. As soon as I saw this, I took off all of the x1 apps, and low and behold, my phone was mine again. I called cable and worked my way up to the app issue department. They ran a test on my phone to match every IP address that I used on my phone, or accessed myphone. At first they said there was evidence that someone had tampered with my phone. Hours later, after they checked all of my sites, they called and said that all was fine. They sent me to the security department for help, who is now researching my phone.
I'm not sure if I'm paranoid, at this point, but odd things are happening. Three times to see this up close "spotlight" with a craft behind it, is very disconcerting. I'm afraid that noone will believe me. I'm really scared of this thing coming back. Noone is around when it comes on and if someone in my apartment complex has seen this, I don't know about it. I sent Mr. Gagnon my drawing from the first night that my mom and I saw it, together. He asked me some questions, to which I responded. Somehow his email is gone and I can't reach him to discuss this new activity and extremely high flare like things...and the planes flying in groups of two, which I've never seen. The planes coming in from the west are usually about 10 minutes apart, and are so very bright that it looks as if there are several venuses in the sky.
I just want to know that me and my mom are safe. I'm scared of this silent "flood light" thing coming on at me, when I go on my porch. My dog has woken me up several times looking out my door and growling. She doesn't behave that way. Again, I may be a little paranoid after this third visit. That 3rd visit was no coincidence.... nor the second one. Someone please call me so I can give youmore detailed information on what I'm seeing. Thank you so much. At least I have someone to tell that may believe me, without judgement of my mental stability.... which is fine. I have been a nurse since I was 20. Thanks again and please let me know if anyone else from the Richmond Virginia area has seen weird things
