{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492501","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67036","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/501/mufon-5492501.json","updb_database_id":5492501}
{rjl} Saw a ball of light when traveling home. Thought it was the moon. Saw it next in the woods. Bright white light then witnessed it as a triangle

i was traveling home from the farm I worked on and noticed to the east how yellowish the moon looked and how big it seemed. It was almost like it was floating through the trees heading south. As I traveled south on scottville rd. after about four or five miles I kind of lost sight of it and didn't notice it again but as I turned east to head home (about two miles) I for some reason I don't remember I passed my house and turned north on the next dirt road. I headed up about 1/4 mile and saw a absolute white (seemed brighter then day light) light in the woods on the east side of the road down towards some water if I remember. The only thing I could think of was raccoon hunters because it was at night but couldn't wrap my head around the light. It lit up the entire area brighter than day but only in about a roughly 70 to 100 ft area and outside that area was pitch black. I really can't describe it but I knew something wasn't normal. It wasn't probably more than a few seconds passed and the light that was present in the woods started to raise from the ground amongst the trees. I didn't notice anything above the light but I'm not sure I looked up at all. I don't recall for sure but seemed the light was coming from ground level or I assumed that it was. Now I when I say the light rose I don't mean a light as in the source( like a light bulb) but I mean the illumination was raising up. Just the illuminated let's say 70 ft dia x 40 ft tall lit up area was raising like there was just a givin cubic footage of light without a source that I knew of. At this time I backed the truck up into the field on the west side of the road and headed back to the house. I pulled up the driveway and parked and got out and saw a blinking light headed straight for me. I was pretty frightened over this whole thing at this point and maybe that's why things get a bit both fuzzy and others as if it happened yesterday. I saw the blinking light coming closer while I was standing in the driveway and as it got about at lets say 45 degrees to the north east it passed in front of a couple small white clouds and instantly saw the outline of a triangle with rounded points. Now I'm not sure how but I also saw it at about 85 degrees to the south east from a location about 100 feet or so north of where I stood in the driveway. I can't explain how this can be but I recall both locations vividly as if it were yesterday. Its from this last location that I saw clearly that it had a yellow, green and red light at the corners and a white blinking light in the middle of the I assume the underside. From where I was standing in the driveway as soon as it passed in front of the cloud and I saw the shape I knew it was not a plane. At that split second It made a noise like wooomp and shot straight up and gone. Our neighbor called the next day and wanted to talk to me but haven't talked to him to this day. I've had a half dozen or so sightings since then and a couple weird happenings before that happened. Some with friends and a couple with my wife and son. There's more to tell but for that particular night I've explained it to the best of my ability and swear by every word as strange as it may be. Honestly it feels pretty good to talk about it after all these years.
