{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-01 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514501","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3484,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/501/mufon-5514501.json","updb_database_id":5514501}
Two seperate bright orange spheres - Bedfordshire UK

Whilst smoking in my back garden (back yard for US readers), looking into the sky I noticed a bright orange light approaching from the SW. At first I thought it was a low flying aircraft. The constant orange glow and absence flashing wing lights triggered my curiosity. The time it took for the object to track across the sky was approximately 10 seconds. What was particularly noticeable was the total lack of noise, its dead straight line of flight and identical brightness viewed from front and rear (certainly not aircraft landing lights). Having witnessed two separate similar events approximately two years ago my hairs on the back of my neck started to tingle. Within a minute of this sighting I notice an identical orangey light ball approaching from exactly the same point in the sky. It seemed to be flying exactly on the same track at the same speed. This time I reached for a pair of binoculars. (8x30 Carl Zeiss). The binoculars gave me a very clear view of the orangey ball. The ball looked like it was a perfect sphere emitting a constant bright orange glow, there also appeared to be a very slight ultra violet iridescent glow similar to burning meths. Having witnessed similar events three times now, I am still unsure if these balls are solid or gaseous?

The local weather conditions at the time of the above sightings were a crisp cold night with extremely good visibility. Both stars and high flying aircraft were crystal clear to naked eye.

Each time I have seen these strange events they have been travelling at similar altitudes, my guess would be between 500/1000 feet. My guess as to size would be about 1 to 2 metres or 3 to 6 ft in diameter (I could be completely wrong with these estimates, however it is what my eyes and brain were telling me each time) The first time I witnessed these red balls (approximately 2yrs ago) I saw 2 balls travelling together in a straight line at a much higher speed in a southerly direction. Two weeks later I saw a singular ball travelling - in a westerly direction! I did speak about what I had seen to my wife and friends and decided drop the subject of conversation after feeling like everybody was giving me strange looks and suggesting I drop the subject.

Since seeing the red balls in the sky last Thursday night I have done a little internet researching. It appears these sightings have been going on since WW2. (Check Foo Fighters see Wikipedia). There also seems to be a significant increase in sightings just recently according to other UFO websites.

I am 53 years old with a degree in physics and have good eye sight and questioning mind.

It has certainly got me thinking! If someone had told me the above story before I had seen it for myself, I would have thought they were barking mad.

Maybe I should give up smoking in the garden and stay indoors!
