{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524501","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/501/mufon-5524501.json","updb_database_id":5524501}
Spotted a triangular object hovering over Bitteroot river.

On Monday August 29th at 1210 am I left my residence on my bicycle and headed towards the bridge and Downtown. As I approached the crest of the hill I spotted a large red fireball hovering above the river ( also near a National Guard base interestingly enough). At first I figured that it was a cell tower, but reason told me that I been on this road a hundred times at night and there are no cell towers that close and bright. Desending down the hill I crossed the bridge and I sincerely felt the object was aware it had been spotted and began to maneuver across my path approximately 200 to 500 ft away, it was difficult to judge the distance because of the darkness around. I than noticed the large red fireball was in fact three red fireballs that pulsated in a triangular pattern. The object hovered ahead over the trees I lost sight of the object twice before losing it at the buildings downtown. The object was completely silent all that could be heard was my heavy breathing as I attempted to chase this object on my Beachcruiser. I had no fear whatsoever if anything I felt as though it was going to be there. In otherwords I wasn't surprised at all. As I pursued the object I was either lost in concentration or excitement with a hint of shock. When I reached my destination I told my fianc1 about the incident. We drove home without further incident while she related to me her disappointment for not being present to witness the event. Ironically enough she was fortunate enough to see the object again the next night at around the same time. I will file a seperate report for that sighting. Thank You
