{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503501","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55439","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3159,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/501/mufon-5503501.json","updb_database_id":5503501}
{cak} Castellated Stone Wall petruding with gravel parking lot on top through clouds from plane Huge! Saw for 8 mins

Around mid August of 2005 I was flying back from Atlanta airport returning to St.Louis after visiting a friend. About 10-15 minutes into the flight I looked out to my right out the window (I had a window seat) and I saw what appeared to be the top of a castle protruding through the clouds.  I thought wow that is a tall mountain for us to be seeing it so close from the air. It looked like a rock 1castleted1 wall that was the edge of a parking lot for an observatory that was paved with small brown rocks. I saw no cars but it was so convincing I never have dreamed it wasn1t a real parking lot to some mountain top observation point. I watched this object for 3-4 minutes as we were flying past it. It wasn1t until later I realized just how big something like that would have had to be to stay in view for nearly five minutes. The perspective was not on top of it more like maybe 1,000 1 above it and moving past it like I was at a 45 degreee angle to the walls of this castle. While I was watching it I turned around in the plane to try and see if anyone else was looking out the window and seeing the same thing.  Most people were sleeping and had their windows shut, but one college age girl was also watching it out the window and I said 1Do you see that?1 And she replied 1yeah11 kind of like she was also seeing it but thinking something was not quite right. The thing that makes me really mad is that I had a 3 D camera with me and didn1t use it. The reason was that it just looked like the top of a national park and completely normal other than the fact that is was staying in view for 3-4 minutes and we were at 25,000+ feet in the air.  So as I was getting off the plane I stopped asked the pilot 1What mountain that was that was out the right side right after we took off?1 He replied 1There1s no mountain up there where we were at and nothing around where we flew that was of any real height1. Then he proceeded to chuckle a little at me as I walked off the plane. Now I was really sure that this was really something! I felt like such a fool for not taking a picture but like I said, I didn1t look abnormal just out of place and huge. When I got down to baggage claim in St.Louis I saw the college girl explaining what she saw to her mother in a very excited manner. And now I am kicking myself for not getting her contact info to this day. So 9 yrs later I had to get this out and documented. I1ve never heard of any UFO like this before1
