{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-20 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512501","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45816","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2885,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/501/mufon-5512501.json","updb_database_id":5512501}
{dr}They Communicate! I just need to know: Who are they? Are they Good?

I was at home. I just finished cooking dinner and doing homework with my son. Im a single dad, so I need a good 15 minute break after I clean up and get him comfortable. I usually go outside after the sun sets to get a breather. We live near the EBR airport on the North side. I am quite familiar with most aircraft, both on the ground and in the air at all altitudes, at any time of the day or night. Iv worked with both civilian and military aircraft hands-on and am quite familiar with their functions and capabilities. However, I have been seeing something or someone for three years now not previously seen in all my life. It usually begins like this. Im exhausted. I go outside. I say a prayer and ask for a sign... Almost immediately a bright, white, star-like object appears. It materializes as it travels in a straight line. Most of the time, I see the light as it materializes, although sometimes I do not see it right away. I realize this may sound strange, but I speak to the person in the light. The very first time this happened three years ago, I asked "If you hear me then blink once, really bright". Ever since then, the light has appeared and blinked once, really bright. The first couple of times when it did this, I ran straight for the house, I was so afraid. On occasion, if I dimly flash a signal with my flashlight, the object will flash a second time and then dim out. The flash of this object is like a slow dimmer light getting brighter and bigger like the brightness of the sun coming straight at you. Its physically feels very close, then slowly retreats to its original illumination while maintaining its heading and speed. The feeling of these events, remain consistent. It is a feeling of fear. a good fear, if that is possible. I suppose it is good because I know someone is watching. They are highly advanced and obviously powerful. I also know that they could have harmed me by now if they wanted to, but have not, or at least not to my knowledge. I have questions, but I will not listen to just anyones thoughts on the matter. I believe in Good, God and Jesus but I also know the opposite exists. Who am I seeing at night? are they good/ benevolent? Or are they gathering Intel to harm us?
