{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-14 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483721","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76141","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3487,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/721/mufon-5483721.json","updb_database_id":5483721}
{nd} Close Encounter with Large Triangle UFO - Slow approach and directed itself directly over me. The communicated via telepathy to get me outside. I was done for the night.

East of Westerville, Ohio

Sept. 14, 2015 - 10:05P EST, I observed the SAME bright light approaching from the North, that I had seen just a few nights prior, AND I had NO camera with me! The craft entered my frame of vision from the West (skimming Tree Tops), turned 90 degrees (on a dime), and the craft was moving directly at me. The Navigational Lights were that of a jet, but the headlight was 10x brighter than a typical jet headlight. I had just taken my camera in from my night of sky gazing, took the dog out, took her back in, and started to lock up the door for the night when I got a 1psychic1 message to return outside and to stand by a particular tree, which I did. Very STRANGE! Sure as the devil, that1s when I spotted the craft approaching from the west and just north of me. I backed away from the tree and boldly stood as the craft centered directly between my eyes and came overhead at an est. 15 1 20 mph. or less. It presented what appeared to be a Full Display of Lights, including a Ring of Brilliant Red Individual Lights, dead center in the belly of the craft. It was lit like 1Times Square1 and utterly silent. Another Triangle, but this time, just over my head! This time, left light red and right, green; different from prior, higher slightly higher altitude sightings of 2 Triangles together, with red and white lights, only, from days earlier. The head-beam was brighter than the moon, and cast for a couple miles forward, at least, and came over at an est. 100 feet 1 125 feet at best. It was VERY LOW and Slow. I know I said 15 1 20 mph. but in reality it may have moving at 5 mph. for all I know. I was hypnotized by the green light and a feeling of peace and love came over me. Again 1 VERY STRANGE! 1They1 (Whoever or Whatever They are) allowed me to see the entire craft. I was in absolute Awe! AND 1 I wasn1t the least bit frightened! I know the light mesmerized me as I stood smiling at the craft approaching me! If it were any lower, I could have hit it with a rock. As it passed overhead, I was dead center with the brilliant red belly lights. If they wanted to abduct me, they would have! As it was about to exit our property, the only sound it made was a low crackling sound. The back edge was trimmed with yellow-orange oblong ports. I got a GREAT look at the craft, but missed a sensational photo op! This struck me as a total Anti-Gravity craft, as the giant Equilateral Triangle barely moved through the air, with no wind or air disturbance being generated whatsoever.
