{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-12-12 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548721","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2908,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/721/mufon-5548721.json","updb_database_id":5548721}
2 separate groups of star-like lights that appeared, disappeared then reappeared repeatedly

This is the first time I've ever reported a UFO sighting, though after yesterday evening, I find it VERY necessary.

I left work in Harrisburg, PA at 4:30 p.m. to do some quick Christmas shopping at the outlets in Hershey, PA. As I headed down route 422 through the town of Hershey, I noticed an object at about 45 degrees up in the sky to the north, over Hersheypark from 422. What I saw in the sky was very hard to describe. At first I thought it was a large airplane reflecting sun periodically, but when the shining/relecting faded, nothing was visible whatsoever. I kept noticing this light as I continued through town on 422 until I was waiting at the light to turn on to 743 when I got a real good look at it and it looked like 2 separate lights close together in the sky. Once again, the lights just faded out. 

I turned on to 743, and drove up to the outlets, turned into the outlet center, and quickly parked facing north. I grabbed my binoculars, which are always with me in my Jeep, and waited for the lights to again show themselves. It took less than a minute for them to appear, but this time there were two separate groups. One group to the left with just two lights, and another group due north with 5 lights. It was interesting to watch the lights appear since they would each illuminate individually, then fade out individually like a spark from a campfire, but in the same order they originally lit up, and constantly remaining in the exact same position in the sky, appearing in a subtle upward arc. I tried looking at them through my binoculars, but they immediately fogged up thanks to the cold evening air. I felt so helpless and frustrated, standing there watching this, with no one else to witness it, and no camera or camcorder. 

The event lasted a total of about 20 minutes, between being in my vehicle, and watching from the parking lot. They slowly wandered off to the east/north east, still appearing every couple minutes and then again fading out. 

If anyone has any other info on this sighting, please find a way to contact me via the administrators of this site who do in fact have my email and physical address. I'd love to have an opportunity to talk with someone else about this.
