{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-09 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508721","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49735","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/721/mufon-5508721.json","updb_database_id":5508721}
Black helicopter, then large triangular craft, then small double green orbs high up

Working at kempton park race course on a night shift, myself and a collegue suddenly heard a very noisy helicopter outside. We left the control room to see what was happening and to our suprise we saw a large black helicopter hovering directly above us. At first we didn't know what was happening but we both took a pair of binoculars and when we saw the helicopter through them we know something big was about to happen as this was no normal helicopter... this was some kind of armed or military thing.

Afer about 10 minutes of the helicopter hovering above us, we decided to walk up the stairs onto to the roof. In the distance is heathrow airport and every couple of minutes there were aeroplanes taking off, so the sky always looks busy with planes. Thats why what I saw next shocked me. I know what a plane looks like in the sky and this was no plane. We saw a large object about a mile off or more, just sitting in the sky not moving. If I had to guess the size I would say 4 jumbo jets sat side by side. It had what looked like a triangular shape with a light on each corner. It was just still in the air and as we looked on we noticed another 2 of these black helicopters looking towards it. Within a minute or two of us seeing this thing, it did some crazy turning manouver that a plane just could not do and quickly disapeared into the clouds. It was strange watching somethnig so massive move so quickly.

The helicopters stayed in the sky and not so long after this large craft was out of our site we started to notice a few orbs, but much higher up above the clouds. When looked at through the binoculars we saw what looked like little double green orbs. We noticed about 5 or 6 of these. Within minutes they were gone, and within minutes after that the helicopters left. But for around 30 minutes after that we could still hear the helicopters. 

Also a few times through out the whole experience we heard some strange noises. Sounding something like figher jet engines, but we couldnt not see anything. Bearing in mind half the sky was filled with a deep black dark cloud and the sky was almost completely dark.
