{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-22 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497721","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3017,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/721/mufon-5497721.json","updb_database_id":5497721}
{dr}bright orange ish shining light flew slowly in straight line directly over. No sound at any time. First saw from a distance then watched it fly away. Constant, extremely bright light entire time.

Stepped outside from cleaning my garage and glanced toward the sky when I saw a bright orange ish shining light. Noticed it appeared to be coming my way. It was moving slowly in a straight line, and eventually made its way directly over me. There was mo sound at any time. Nothing but the light was visible as it was so bright. I watched it the entire time, and watched it as it flew away. Constant, extremely bright light entire time. Light appeared goldish-orangish to white. At first, I assumed it was a small plane, as county airport is nearby and planes fly over all the time during day and at night. But the bright light stuck me as not a plane, so I watched it at first thinking it was so bright as it was coming in my direction. Discovered it was coming in my direction, but noticed it moving to slow to be a small prop plane, and noticed that the light stayed constantly bright. There was no other light, no blinking, no sound. It's speed did not ever appear to change either. Realized I was seeing something that I didn't know what it was. Watched until it disappeared through the trees in my backyard. Moved from South, SouthWest to North, NorthWest, in apparent straight line; appeared to maintain the same distance from the ground the entire time; I'm guessing 500 feet high. Still not sure what I saw. Thought it could be drone due to the speed (I think that they can fly much slower than a piloted plane), but why would a drong have a single bright light calling attention to itself. I hope to hear someone else saw the same and maybe got a picture. Have checked the web, but no mention so far. Besides being chilled from the cold night air, it was a cool thing, but sort of freaky too. I went inside and told my wife and son. They seemed to be skeptical, and I don't blame them, but I know I saw something that wasn't anything like I've ever seen before. And reluctant as I am to say anything, I thought I should. I don't think I saw some alien craft (I'm just too skeptical of that), nor some phenomenon of nature. But, whatever it was, it was definitely out of the norm. Tomorrow, I would like to call the county airport just a mile and learn if they picked anything up on radar, or have some explanation.
