{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-18 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482721","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77233","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/721/mufon-5482721.json","updb_database_id":5482721}
{rjl} At sunset, I watched an object (oval or eye shaped and the same color as the sky but brighter/glowing almost translucent travel across the sky.

I have always been a sky watcher, scoping out the sky looking for shooting stars and fireballs. I am always excited when I get a chance to witness these cool events but recently I have seen a few things that I can not explain as I have never seen anything like it. The most profound thing that I have seen was on Saturday, June 18 at sunset. I was in my backyard. The sky was a brilliant red/orange color to the west and to the east, there were dark thunder clouds. I was watching a pretty display of lightning. I was just turning to go back into the house, when movement caught my eye, in the sun set. There was a glowing orb, shaped like an eye or like an oval, traveling across the sky. It was glowing brighter then the sky behind it but it was the same color as the sky. (Red and orange) It almost looked translucent. It was the motion that caught my eye as it could have blended into the sky easily as just part of the sunset. It was traveling in a straight line just over the big oak trees behind my house. It was traveling quickly from south to north and I would say it was the size of an aspirin or penny in the sky. At first sight of it, my first thought was that I was seeing ball lightning. Something that I have never seen before. But after looking up ball lightning on the computer and investigating that explanation for what I saw, I don't think that is what it was. The description of ball lightning and its behavior just doesn't fit what I saw in the sky that day. Of course that left me a little perplexed. I never would have thought about filling out ant kind of report even after this event if it had not been for the two other things I saw later that week. After seeing two other things that I also can not explain nor have I ever seen, I decided perhaps something strange is going on in the Florida skies. The other two events are almost the same and my husband was a witness of these as well. We watched a star like object, travel across the sky. At first we thought it might be the space station or a satellite untill it changed direction. Then we thought to ourselves, no way could it be plane, there were no blinking lights and it seemed to high in the sky. We were watching it, discussing what it might be when. . . All of a sudden there was a bright flash of light where the object was and then the object was no longer visible. We have now seen this twice (although with each event the object was traveling in different directions) Once early in the morning about a quarter ofter 5 and the second one a few days later just after sunset. All this time of being a sky watcher, I have never seen anything that I could not explain, until now. What is going on in the Florida skies? Wish I had pictures of what I saw. Wondering if anyone else has recently witnessed anything like this.
