{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-11 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452721","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4795,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/721/mufon-5452721.json","updb_database_id":5452721}
One pilot who was shaped like a Grey alien, but was a dark green.

I have had an experience I have never told anyone about. 

Although I thought that UFOs/Aliens may exist, I never gave it much thought. 

In the fall of 2009 I was busy taking my required geography class to meet the requirements for a social studies, grades 9 to 12 teaching license in North Carolina. I really enjoyed the class, which required me to write weekly essays limited to either 500 or 700 words. I always enjoyed writing, but it was challenging to limit myself to such “few” words. I had finally succeeded in finishing and printing my essay for submission the next day. It was 3 a.m. in the early morning when I decided to get some rest, but I wanted to throw the garbage outside in the trash can because I did not like the smell of cantaloupe rinds to permeate the air in the house while I was trying to sleep. So I walked out in my nightgown and robe and threw away the trash in the garbage can which was against one of the side chimneys of the house, a few short steps from the front door. 

As I was opening the lid to the large plastic garbage can, I heard what I thought might be some kind of small plane flying low in the sky. Then I thought it must be old to make such a peculiar sound. The sound did not have the quick and spirited cadence that I had heard before, as there is a small airport in this rural county, and many small planes that take off from an airport about 10 or 15 miles away. 

The sound was coming from behind me, and as it came closer, I turned to look over my shoulder, and what I saw shook me to my core! It was a huge craft, triangular in shape, with red, blue and white square lights on the bottom of it. It was at least 100 feet long and flying very slowly. The ship was incredibly low to the ground as well. I saw a clear oblong shaped bubble below the huge craft, and I could see what looked like a "gray alien", but it was a dark green. 

I have three large trees in the front lawn of my property. The one closest to me was a maple tree about 20 feet high (it has since died and was removed. I wonder if it died because this craft passed so close to its top branches??). The one next to it is a willow oak, very big, perhaps 30 to 40 feet high, and about 150 years old. Then the last tree on the property is also a willow oak, about 60 years old and 30 feet high.  When this ship was flying slowly and so low to the ground, I looked up in panic and thought it would hit and take down the largest tree, so I began to walk very fast inside. 

Although in thinking about this now, had this huge oak tree fallen, it would have flattened the house with me in it, but I guess I just was in such shock, I wanted to try and get protection from the craft that was moving slowly above me. I just could not believe what I was seeing, and continued to be struck by the ability of such a large craft to fly. It was about 100+ feet long and at its widest triangular points was very wide. I can judge the length by knowing that my fenced yard is 150 across, and 200 in length. There are also electric power lines on poles on both sides of the street in front of my house, with the taller poles with actual live electric line on my side of the street. The large tree towers over that line. 

After this shocking experience, I tried to reason out in my mind what this ship actually was. I tried to think that it could be something the armed forces was experimenting with, but the nearest air force base is in Fayetteville, which would have been a very long journey for an experimental craft. 

As the years have passed, I have tried to think of an explanation for what this could have possibly been, but I have decided to face the fact that what I witnessed was genuinely an unidentified flying object, whose origins could not have been of this earth.

I wanted to relate this experience to someone who would take me seriously, and may have knowledge of others in this area that may very well have experienced this same phenomenon. I guess I want some kind of confirmation that others may have had the same or similar experience.

Thanks so much for listening to my experience.
