{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502721","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56272","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3479,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/721/mufon-5502721.json","updb_database_id":5502721}
{cak} noticed as passing by lake..a trangle shape craft..apprx 25 feet above the lake..hovering..having a wide beam of light shining onto the water..it seem like water was being drawn up into it..appx 5min. it took off slowly got higher then zoom gone

I live in Maine. I was heading to my daughters house at 6:30pm. She only lives 5miles from me. It was just getting dark at this time of year. . As I was passing the lake I noticed this craft just hovering about 20/25feet above the lake water. So I stop to watch it. At first I thought that it was a hot air balloon. Then I realized no sound and no flames. It was dark in color; triangle in shape; Then the lights came on; I noticed it had 3 round dome shape with blueish glow lights coming from them; each was approx. 3 to 5 foot in diameter and approx 1to 2 foot thick at it's center peak of the dome underneath the craft. And a smaller dome in the center with that being a white glow. On top it saw only one greyish/white glow dome approx 10plus feet in diameter with a high dome. It was just hovering there. Then one of the bottom dome lights went brighter blueish/green light and it seem like it was taken in water. It moved very slowly and never a sound was made. I would say that that the thickness of the craft would be around 10/15feet and the sides 50/80feet in length..The brighter light went back to it's original color. Then it started to move very slowly up; when it got little higher than the trees it started slowly turning away from me; over the trees as it got higher; made a couple small turns; then it started to point it's nose up; the in a blink if not quicker it was gone. I felt a strong breeze right after. Then I notice in the FAR distance just a steady white speck of light moving fast in a northern direction; then from a straight line it took what it look like a right angle direction then gone. Then I went to my daughters. It seemed like a short time but when I got to my daughters house; hours had passed it was almost 9:45pm. My daughter asked me what took me so long..I told her what I saw at the lake. But then 3 days later at my house; it was late midnight/one am. I took my dog outside to do what she needed to do. She started to act funny going in circles (like chase in' her tail) and looking up in the night sky. When I looked up; their was that triangle craft again. About 75/100 feet above me. Now whether it was the same craft from the lake I don't know. But I really feel deep down it's safe to say that it was. It was in total darkness; all I could see was the outline of it against the night sky. Then suddenly from the center dome a whitish/blue light shined down upon me. Then the texts thing I was inside my house and it was 3:15am. I felt lost; beside myself; little sore this time under my arms;but all in all wondered if or when they'd comeback and this time let me see and remember all...
