{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528721","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26839","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2591,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/721/mufon-5528721.json","updb_database_id":5528721}
it is not about the ships its about what they leave behind. they mimic brush and rock formation and there ships are camofladge to fit in to its seroundings

Matillija canyon rd. in ojai Calif.Ive been seeing orbs UFOs and now the aliens are to the form of brush.the perpose is to mine the earth.like cattle grases on grass. these entatees it looks like they hover over the earth. but then i saw one up close. it look like it had thousand of legs under its body.that explanes how it moves over the earth.ive also seen them on strate up and down cliffs, and what it looks like before and after they pass.looks like a inch or so have been taken away so you can see were they been. Ive seen empty ships on the side of a tall steep mountain then i go back to that spot a little wile latter and see a row of about 30 brush wateing to borde the ship. over all it takes about a hole day. dec. 1 to 3 all ive seen is a lot of ships loading its cargo.last night was great dec 3 there was so much like negative energy all over one part of the canyon i saw way to much look like giant black birds flying all over like they were all krazy, some how about 3 or 4 in the morining a realy big dark cloud in a long toub.one end skimmed over about 8 mountian tops. each one at a time,and whenit tough it was like looking at fire works you can see about 200 dark ufo leave the ground into the cloud. this morining it felt like there was no negativaty anywere. but i notice with all that brush gone you can see a lot more soil please let me know when mufon can come out to invessigate one more thing this mountian is right above the hot spring.there are marking and a hole city on the side of the nountian. as soon as i notic the plase were they live. right befor my eyes it starts th fold down to were it looks like there is nothing there so pleasa come to ojai valley and bring all who knows in this matter. also i know about 10 to 15 plases were they are thank you for takeing the time. [name edited from narrative/cms/tg]
