{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-11 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477746","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2329,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/746/mufon-5477746.json","updb_database_id":5477746}
Unexpected Photo-bomber

Well, this was my first days going to college at that time. We lived in the Philippines, so every school year we started school day during the first or second weeks of June... My hobby that time was taking pictures of woderful cloud formations, because more or less you will never see the same pattern. I was apparently riding shotgun. And I was so amazed by this cloud formation and I jus quickly snapped a few pictures using my C7 Nokia phone. It has the 8 MegaPixels and it was a perfect moment. But riding shotgun always has its downsides, when my mom just whips me to sit back properly. It was during lunch time when I finally checked a bunch of pictures as I was munching my food I saw this clear spherical spec just at the top left of the picture. At first I was skeptical, (even back then I don't believe in UFOs or Bigfoot, etc.) Until I checked other pictures that I have taken this single picture alone has that thing. And that made me nervous, like shaking nervous at school. I cannot think straight at that time because I just saw a UFO. I tried to show it to my brother and he too said it might be UFO. And well I tried to show it to my friends but I was to scared because I might get rediculed and be the weirdo among my friends. So I hid it the phone and then I heard just recently about MUFON... And boy I have to show you this. Ow! and I also showed it to one of my relatives and even our family driver. But they all shrugged it and just nothing happened. 

But hey I hope I can add something to your libraries of UFO images.

P.S. Its not Photoshop, I dont even have a dirty lens its all genuine. Peace! :)
