{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-27 21:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488746","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70893","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2355,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/746/mufon-5488746.json","updb_database_id":5488746}
Saw what I thought was an airplane overhead but the lights swooped inward and broke formation.

I went outside to watch the lunar eclipse down the street at around 8:30 with my mother and brother. Half hour later I heard a sound overhead like an airplane but it was too low and flying slow overhead. I looked up and directly overhead it was like a triangle/boomerang shape in a light but dark (muted) color than the sky flying straight North overhead. I would say over 1000 feet. There were 6-7 lights and illuminated almost rhombus-like shapes when it was connected. It then transformed and I pointed up to show my brother and mom. Only my brother saw it. 
The rhombus shapes disappeared at this time. The lights morphed or squished together into a roughly shaped circle and then went over the trees, disappearing. I tried to run into some clearing overhead to follow it but I lost visual. My mother did not see it that time. I only saw it for maybe 5-7 seconds overhead. My brother noted that he did not hear the airplane like sound, which caused me to look up.
About 3 minutes later I saw it again flying Southeast from the North through the trees and then into the open sky up ahead. I pointed high and my mother followed it with me as I ran quickly down the street.
It was BARELY visible. The lights were nearly impossible to see, but I saw it for about the same length of time as the first, give or take a few seconds more. 
There was the familiar triangle/boomerang shape floating through the sky and I could not hear it this time. I also say 'boomerang' because it was like a very wide V, yet squared out. It faded into the sky overhead going toward the moon. My brother did not see this occurrence but my mother did. And now she believes we are not alone.
