{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-08 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484746","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2481,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/746/mufon-5484746.json","updb_database_id":5484746}
{nd} Bright Blueish whitish orb, eerie looking.

I was preparing to leave my driveway. I looked over my shoulder to back up and out of nowhere this orb of light appeared out of nowhere and began to descend toward the tree-line that was north of me. I had no idea of what the object was, I simply was in fear because I had never seen anything quite like it. It psychologically scrambled me because of the scary nature that it had. I watched it as it softly floated to the ground and went into the woods to the north of me, it didn't crash, it seemed that it was able to actually quickly find a way to drop directly into the woods without incident. It impressively and quickly hovered/dropped into the woods. 

I've seen one other unexplained incident of this before, except the light was red, this time it put more fear into me due to the fact that the shed motion sensor lights were triggered and the object was too far away to trigger it, and there was nothing around to set it off. Immediately after it was triggered the lights sputtered out on it and went dark, almost as if electromagnetic interference had an effect on the lights. I lost sight of it for good as I waited for around 3 minutes to see if anything bright emerged from the woods. The object masked its light as it fell into the tree-line. As I type this right now I will have a fire arm alongside of me as I sleep, something feels off in the area right now. I plan to further investigate the area in the morning, If I find anything and I am contacted I will be sure to give more detail of my findings. This was arguably the most disturbing thing I've ever seen, the electromagnetic interference and the triggering of the lights from nearly 500-700 feet away was abnormal enough. Tomorrow I will check also to see if the lights were fried, because the odd and eerie way that they shut off in a "sputtering" nature was abnormal.
