{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-31 23:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521746","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2707,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/746/mufon-5521746.json","updb_database_id":5521746}
Approx 30 orange lights over Brandon/Riverview Florida.

Dec.31, 2011 at a New Year's Eve celebration in Gibsonton, Florida-Alafia river(east of Tampa). There were 8 people total including me. Two friends and I were near the river watching fireworks when we saw a bright orange light hovering over north horizon, close to where fireworks had been set off. I was interested because it stationary, figured it was related to fireworks. Then, right when I pointed it out to my friends, it began moving toward SSE at a steady pace. The orange light faded into a hazy oval/egg shape that was a very dim pinkish violet and almost translucent against clear sky, then disappeard over trees. Was maybe a few thousand feet.

I pulled my husband aside and told him about it and decided not to mention it to the others thinking it was a fluke. Then five minutes later I spotted two more from same origin and alerted the rest of the party, who all witnessed the lights too. The lights seemed to travel a similar path as the first one, then they veered slightly away from eachother, then faded out of sight.

From then on for about an hour several more appeared, moving about the same speed, some brightening then dimming, but eventually all of them dimmed and disappeared altogether.

We counted 30, but supposed there may have been more during the time we weren't looking for them. The last four seemed to appear at the same time. One disappeared and the remaining three formed a triangular shape, held the shape and then all disappeared at the same time. We didn't see anymore after that (about 12:45am).

We ruled out all possibilities-they were not flares, too fast for hot air balloons, couldn't have been aircraft because they were completely silent, were definitely not satelites or shooting stars because some changed direction and were traveling too slow.

My husband recorded about 7 minutes on his cell phone. Most of it cannot be seen, but a few were captured, however very dim. We considered reporting the incident but felt we would not be taken seriously as it was New Year's and lights were going off everywhere.
