{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-08 04:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517213","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40816","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3836,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/213/mufon-5517213.json","updb_database_id":5517213}
{flg} 2 lights which merged (1 bright white 1 red) became red ring of more than 10 lights then shot straight at me at great speed then disappeared.

Driving (long-haul Truck Driver)North on I-15 between the cities of Baker and Barstow, California.
on July 8, 2012 at 4:00 AM I observed 2 unfamiliar bright lights. One was an extremely bright white and the other was red. I said to myself "These lights do not belong here!" because Im familiar with the night sky. After driving several minutes I decided to stop as I wanted to get a better look. The known lights in the sky (Venus and or Jupiter and a reddish light) were stationary and the newly observed lights to the north (left) were slightly moving. I wanted to make sure I wasnt seeing things so I parked on the freeway onramp (see diagram #2)after driving through the rest area outside of Barstow. The truck is still running at this point with sirius radio on. I grabbed my brand new "smart phone" that I had never used for photography (so was unfamiliar with its functionality) and began to take a still photo. What I didn't know was the camera had switched to video mode so my first shot is a video of a red ring of lights. My initial target was the Bright white light but then the red light merged with the bright white light becoming a ring of red lights. I tried to focus on these lights but they were moving. This video is 15 seconds in length only because when I hit the shutter again thinking I was taking a second photo thereby stopping the video. Its possible I had zoomed in. I then realized what I had done. I was standing on the top step outside of the drivers door. 
I got down to the ground and walked around the front of the truck to right side and out into the field 50+feet away from the truck. As Im standing there I focused on the bright white light and took the first of 4 still photos. When I took the 2nd pic the light got larger and changed to red-orange. As I got ready to take the 3rd shot suddenly the light shot straight at me increasing in brightness and size. I then hit the shutter. I was able to get 1 more shot before the light disappeared. At this point, I was truly afraid for my life. Poof! it was gone.
See diagram #1 for overview of rest area and field depicting where objects seen in sky and relation to nearest cities and freeway.
Lastly Diagram #3 shows the sequence of events.
