{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-27 15:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291213","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112123","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4572,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/213/mufon-5291213.json","updb_database_id":5291213}
Recorded UFO’s on cell phone video.

I have recorded UFO’s on two occasions the latest being 10/27/2020. The first time about a year ago I was in traffic on I-80 at Emeryville. I saw a contrail from something man made, I assumed due to the contrail, shooting straight up as if it were going to leave the atmosphere. I thought well I don’t know of Space X or military launches to space going on in Northern California but let me take a video and I will see if it’s on the news or anything. When I got home I analyzed the video zooming in and slowing it down trying to identify the rocket or jet making the contrail. That is when I noticed a light orb zoom in to the contrail and back out. It was amazing to me and not something that could be explained in my opinion and that of those that I showed it to. It has made me curious ever since as to why that orb/ufo seemed to be investigating the contrail and just what that orb was. Since that evening I have thought to myself every time I see a curious looking contrail that maybe I should record it again and just see what I get. Well on the 27th of last month I was on my way home from work and saw a large contrail not heading straight up like the last one but maybe 70 degrees off of the horizon. I pulled over and recorded it through my windshield. You can tell it’s through the windshield because there is at least one blurry dot that is dirt on my windshield. It is stationary and can in no way be confused as a ufo. Regardless, when I reviewed the video at regular speed I thought I saw a black dot shoot in and out but so fast I wasn’t even sure if I had seen anything at all. I tried pausing the video and advancing it at a slower speed and found there was a black dot that flys into the contrail and back out. It really becomes clear if you advance it one frame at a time super slow at the 51st second of the video. When heading towards the contrail the black dot actually reflects (I believe) or gives off light for a fraction of a second. The object really flys in and back out of frame in approximately 1.5 seconds. I believe the speed and change of direction eliminates the possibility of it being manmade. I also in trying to debunk and remain skeptical entertained the idea that maybe it was a bird and was closer to me than I thought. Again though the speed and change of direction rules out a bird as far as I can tell. Also the reflective property seen at one point would not happen with a bird. Everyone I have shown the video to has been amazed and could offer no explanation. I have also found on this most recent video what appears to be an orb on the right side just to the left of the palm tree that travels straight upward. It is not easy to find until you see it and then it is undeniable. It struck me that this orb can appear as a light on a bright sunny day with blue skies and no clouds. In going back and reviewing the first video I did that I thought had only the obvious orb but it had a more solid looking dot fly in on that video as well. That means both videos of whatever was making the contrail had both a solid object and an orb in them. It makes me wonder if these things are always checking out our fast moving craft. I’m fact I can’t see what is making the contrail so it could possibly be considered unidentified as well with the contrail making me believe it’s man made. I have attached both videos and a still with the object circled clipped from the recent video. Feel free to contact me anytime. I am very curious if this is a phenomena that is known or has been observed by others.
