{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-12 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504213","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2420,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/213/mufon-5504213.json","updb_database_id":5504213}
{cak} Object hovered above river then slowly moved west over river and gradually over land and out of sight. Moved slowly the entire time.

I never reported this because I was certain others would. Was surprised when I heard nothing about it. However today when reviewing the last 20 sightings posted on this website I noticed one from Alton, Illinois describing objects similar to the one I saw in Alton a little over a year ago. I observed the object from my top floor office in an office building at the highest point in downtown Alton. The view looks out over the Mississippi River which is just a couple of blocks away. This was in the afternoon, slightly overcast and not in any way dark, hazy or foggy. Solid white non-reflective oval object hovering at a tilt over the river. After watching it for about 5 minutes I asked my assistant to come take a look. She was as perplexed as I was as we took turns looking at it through a cheap pair of binoculars. We both moved to a different office where high-powered binoculars are mounted on a tripod, and observed it for another 10 minutes. It was only slightly higher than our own elevation and although not directly across from us, it was easy to observe. After hovering, it very slowly moved to the west above the river until slightly moving to the north over land and out of our view. Alton is located near a small regional airport where private jets and small prop planes are in and out all of the time. There is an international airport 25 miles away in St. Louis, Missouri. In addition, Boeing builds and tests military aircraft next to the international airport. About 40 miles south and east is Scott Air Force Base. I point this out to emphasize we see all types of aircraft in the skies above Alton and what I saw is nothing like anything seen from any of those sources.
