{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-11 05:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526213","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29489","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2846,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/213/mufon-5526213.json","updb_database_id":5526213}
arc welding ,bright higher than plane ,flashing , smaller light came out of it

i couldnt sleep , so i went outside.i looked up south south east from my house and saw bright , flashing light headind sse very slow . thought it was a star at first because it looked stationary .i watched it because it was the brightest light up there and noticed it was moving . there were 2 dim stars and these and the light made like a perfect triangle and then noticed it was moving . no plane , i am positive .it flashed several times, maybe 7-8 times , same interval between flashes so i knew it wasnt clouds . not many clouds , none where i was looking . just as it flashed the last time , a smaller oject seem to come out of it and head almost straight south till it disappeared behind a big tree in my yard . i thought that was it , but looked for another minute when out of the north came a meteor like light that seemed directed right where the light would have been . it may have been coincidence and just a meteor ,i don't know , just seemed too close to where smaller light would have been. i am on disability and have lots of time on my hands , but not so much as to make up stories i look at the stars every night since i reported to mufon a few years ago about bright light that seemed to signal back at me .i was on my boat early morn on the river when bright light flashed once really bright and went out .i had a hand held 250000 watt? light and pointed it at the area i saw the light . i flashed it 3 times , and it flashed back 3 times at the same speed as i did .i see lights from time to time , maybe 6-10 of them , different directions , different speeds , different brightness ,odd curved courses , but nothing like i saw this morn .i am 61 , not medicated , not crazy . i love looking into the sky and wish every night i would see something i knew was not ordinary . i was up since 330 am , made coffee and breakfast , so i was wide awake.i went to bed last night at 10 pm so wasnt sleepy .i tried to report this to mufon florida , but it wouldnt let me into the county part of the report .i was on line reporting it within 3 minutes of seeing it so it was good and fresh . i copied it to you and added a few pieces of info i remembered afterwards .
