{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-29 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287213","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116163","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3834,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/213/mufon-5287213.json","updb_database_id":5287213}
we were camping and the moon looked very different than normal. i took out my camera to film it and there was an obvious orb

My friend and I were playing a music festival on the Colorado/New Mexico boarder at a place called talking rocks, it is known for being Navajo nation land, as well as people claim you can hear the rocks talk. so already the land we were on is incredibly powerful, throughout the night we observed at least 40-50 strange orbs or triangle patterns that were not constellations, they would appear then one would slowly dim then the next etc. then we also experienced some strange cold spots and intense energy, that feeling of being watched, all hair standing on ends etc. so we went to my car to just kind of decompress all we just witnessed, then both of us at the same time felt my car shake, multiple times, not la normal shake, like a vibration, then my friend felt like he legit could not look to his left, i did look and i saw what seemed to be a dark mass, the kind of black that was blacker than how dark it already was outside. after a while we calmed down and decided to go to our tent and skywatch as it was 4am and the moon was looking rather weird. now heres where it gets extra strange... we are avid believers, i have had many many sitings in my life, but this was by far the strangest and most documented i have yet to catch, when we go in the tent and were both looking at the moon, it was emitting rays of light like the sun does, not your normal moon, and we knew we were on some seriously strange land already so i decided to get my phone out and film the moon, as soon as i began filming we both noticed this strange blue like orb that almost looked like. a face when you zoom in on a still frame on the video. but what was more strange, you could not see it with your own two eyes, you could only see it through the phone filming, now one would say its a bug or something wrong with the camera, its a brand new iphone 11, i stopped and cleaned the lens to make sure it wasnt something on it, and sure enough it was still in the sky moving very erratic, now ive documented a lot of orbs before and usually they glow and pulsate but this was more of a blue ultraviolet color that legit looked like a face when you zoom in, and it was moving all around the sky, but within the moons beams of light that were beaming down on us.  I have tried to debunk it but i have legit no idea what we witnessed! i have so many orb videos and this is the first i am even posting on here because its just that unique compared to another video of a circle in the sky glow and move a bit etc.... all i know is we were on very spiritual land that is known for odd things, and we sure got our share of paranormal!
