{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-06-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492750","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66777","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/750/mufon-5492750.json","updb_database_id":5492750}
{rjl} Ufo was observed for up to 1 hour...seen by multiple parties...invited by host to view...seen as predicted.

I was told of multiple sightings by a good friend who was staying at another party's beach house. Many of us had just graduated from high school, a few were a little older. I had just graduated. It was a party, so you could not call the group of 20-25 "reliable", but in those days no one who ever saw a UFO was considered so. Our host had seen these things many times. He was by then blase'in his acceptance. I was very interested since 1963 or so, and was shocked to learn of his sightings and so we agreed on a post graduation party. We had much else to discuss, such as our group's eligibility for The Draft, the war, government conspiracies etc. Since I was young, brash, and non-conforming then I have picked my times to tell this story carefully. The craft was seen by all, but myself and another watched in awe for over 30 minutes. It appeared out of a cloud or mist, just above a tug going up the channel between the peninsula and Anderson Island. The cloud drifted along with the tug and the saucer hovered over the Sound about 100-150 feet, just a few hundred yards away. After a friend and I assured ourselves we agreed on what we were seeing, we called our host out onto the deck and asked, "Is that it?" He nonchalantly replied, "Yeah, that's it." He went back inside. Gradually the group came out to view. The craft began to move and went from shoreline to the top of the hill which was as far as we could see. It moved over the roads, which it illuminated somewhat, brightly enough for us to see.It stopped and hovered over a home. We wondered if anyone was there and what must they be experiencing. I remember saying if I were there I'd be scared. I was really enjoying all this. I was filled with both wonder and foreboding. I had heard there was a small military installation on Anderson Island, perhaps even a missile silo, but I still don't know if that's true. It came back over the hill and was again in our line of sight. While over that hill we noticed a beam of light going straight up from the craft. While again in view it hovered awhile, and the group began yelling as young morons will do, but we were yelling at it. It shut us up by moving closer. We viewed for so long some lost interest. I watched until I suddenly realized it was gone. There was nothing but a similar cloud in its place moving up the channel. I didn't sleep that night. I went back there with permission and saw what I thought was the same thing again, but further off, at the tree tops at the north end of the Island, and in breaking daylight. That was not a remarkable sighting unless you consider the first incident. I took it as verification. I have never seen anything like that since. I was, and remain 100% sure about everything I have relayed.
