{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-11-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503750","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55170","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3766,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/750/mufon-5503750.json","updb_database_id":5503750}
{dr}Signeld bright ball in morse code, it answered back in morse code.

When this sighting took place is not very specific in my memory, I feel
it was mid October or early November of 1981 or
1982. At that time in my life, I 
owned and operated a taxi cab in the city of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. At
around 3:00
AM a gentleman engaged me to transport him to the Sheraton Hotel
in Valley Forge,about a 25 mile trip, we agreed on the
price, then drove him 
there. After dropping him off I looked at my watch to note thefare and time
in my trip log, it was
around 3:25 AM. My day driver started at 5:00 AM, he 
lived on the other side of the city, which gave me some time before I
had to 
pick him up. I decided to stop and buy a take out coffee, then drive to his
house. The quickest way to the city is
on route 76 East, (Schuylkill
Expressway). somewhere between Conshohocken and the Belmont exits I noticed a 
very bright
light in the northeastern sky that seemed to be floating in one spot. I thought whyis a traffic helicopter out this early
in the morning, 
maybe a bad accident in front of me? I called on the CB radio and asked if a traffic 
jam was down the road,
a truck driver answered me and said he didn't hear of 
any, I then found out he was behind me about 1/4 mile. As I got
closer to the 
light I slowed down to get a better look at it, (about 45 MPH) now I could 
see smaller lights around the
bottom of this craft, flashing green, blue,
red. I asked the truck driver if he saw the bright light out his left hand

window.
Then he told me he was looking at a very bright disk with little lights 
flashing on the bottom. As I neared the
area of the light I pulled over on 
the shoulder of the highway, just below and south of it.I was just above the Speing
Garden Street exit, my position was south and across from the Philadelphia Art Musuam almost under a stone railroad btidge. 
Just then a truck 
passed me, and asked me on the CB if I was ok. I told him yes and asked if he 
would report what we were
seeing. "NO WAY!" was his answer.

When I rolled down my window to hear the whir of the rotor blades, it 
then hit me that
there wasn't any noise coming from this object. For some 
reason I picked up the spot light I use to locate house numbers,
flashing it 
at the UFO, the craft flashed back from a smaller light in the very bottom 
center. It was mimicking me, ok
lets try something here, flashing in Morse
Code the word "HI" it flashed back "HI". It must be a program to repeat back 
to
the sender. So then I flashed "My name is Chalie". What I expected to receive 
and didn't is why I'll remember this for the
rest of my life. They 
transmitted back to me "My name is Zon". 

Now I can find out where they are from, looking back at the
object it was 
GONE! I scanned the sky and never saw it again. Stunned and shaking I used 
the mobile phone to report what
just happened. Three days later two men from 
the government, (their words) interviewed me and told me someone would be

calling me to check on my sighting. To this day no one has ever called or
asked about it.
