{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-04 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509750","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48665","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2435,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/750/mufon-5509750.json","updb_database_id":5509750}
{cak} Faint light passing high overhead, pulsated very bright white light every 15 seconds then disappeard.

On July 4th 2013, while observing distant fireworks with family on my deck in Hackettstown NJ, we noticed a very faint pinpoint of light passing overhead at an extremely high altitude at around 9:45pm EST. We noticed the light because every 15 - 20 seconds, it pulsated an extremely bright white light that lasted for 3 or 4 seconds which was almost too bright to look at. The sighting lasted about 60 - 90 seconds as it passed over the house from the Southeast, traveling at a moderate rate of speed in a straight line moving Northwest until it disappeared. I quickly grabbed my binoculars from right inside the door and observed a perfectly roundish oval shaped object that seemed internally lit with a faint white light that then flashed very bright white, so bright that I could not observe with the binoculars when it lit up. There were no green or red navigation lights on the object as I normally observe on planes that frequently travel through the area. Additionally, the altitude of this object seemed extraordinarily high, and could almost barely be seen against the black sky when the light was not pulsing. Extremely unusual looking light as when the light pulsated it seemed very close to the ground, but when the light dimmed it looked to be thousands of feet in altitude. We followed the object as it passed until it pulsated one last time and disappeared completely. Myself and my guests were all very amazed by what we observed as other planes in the sky at the time were clearly identifiable by navigation lights, sound and normal flight pattern/path. This object we witnessed made no observable noise, was extremely high and pulsated an incredibly bright light that we were able to observe so far from the object.
