{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-01 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512750","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/750/mufon-5512750.json","updb_database_id":5512750}
{cak} line of small blue lights- coming directly towards us- became triangle with big white lights on corners and small red light in middle- above I-35...

My husband and I were going from our home in S-W Austin to a show in downtown Austin Friday night (Feb. 1, 2013). It was just after 9:30. We had come east on Highway 71, and then turned north on I-35. Our exit was to be the 6th-12th street exit. Traffic is always somewhat heavy, and although I didn't check our mph, I guess we were going 20 to 30 mph during the whose sighting, which lasted 2 to 3 minutes.

As you near the Riverside exit, the road starts to go down a gentle hill as it approaches the bridge over the river. The view of the city at this point is pretty broad. It was a cool, clear night, and the moon had not risen yet. I remarked to my husband, who was driving, how many aircraft were out. I counted six planes- at least two helicopters, and at least two airplanes- all easily identifiable, and to both our left and right. The sixth was different from the start.

It was located pretty much due north- the direction we were facing. Its lights were only blue- like a LED headlight color on a newer car. The lights were in a horizontal line, and at first glance, appeared to be about the same size across as the other airplanes out. The number of lights that made up this line seemed to vary- from 2/3 to 6/7, and they seemed small (maybe the same size as an airplane light). They were constantly flickering like a strobe light. The line was low to the horizon, about 25 or thirty degrees, and appeared fairly far away. 

I did not take my eyes off the craft for the remainder of this amazing sighting. I saw my first unexplained aircraft almost seven years ago, and my eyes have been on the sky, like the proverbial hawk, ever since. Never did I imagine that what I was looking for was about to unfold in front of us.

Now, I did not have a stopwatch. These are estimations in terms of exact number of seconds. I noticed right away that there were no steady lights, and asked aloud about FAA regulations for lights on aircraft. I thought you had to have at least one blinking and one steady light. I still don't know if this is actually true, but my husband agreed that it seemed logical. At this point, I pointed out to him what I was looking at, and he confirmed that he saw it, too. 

Over the next minute or so, it slowly grew in width until it was the width of five or six distant airplanes if their wings were tip to tip. It seemed progressively closer, but we did not see a craft. In fact, we never saw the outline of a craft that night. Just lights. But it was getting closer, bigger, and had begun drifting east of I-35. The lights continued to flicker like strobe lights (simultaneously). The lights also got progressively brighter in intensity and more white.

They then began to blend together somehow. The brightest thing in the sky now, by far, is this object, still in a horizontal line configuration, and was now only white. The light then focused, became even bigger, more muted (there was no more flickering of the lights now), and separated into two white discs at the two ends of this object- there was nothing between them. At this point I thought that it might be a crashing jetliner with its lights pointed right at us. Then 3-5 seconds later, one of the lights became two, and so there were now three obvious, clear, and separate circles of white light in a line. 

The final twist comes now, as the middle light slowly and deliberately rises straight upwards from the line. I hear the words fly out of me... its a TRIANGLE!!! We were looking at the bottom of whatever it was (or top), and in the last 5-8 seconds of visibility, I saw a small (much smaller) red light in the exact middle. Again, no outline visible. It was about ten to twenty blocks away at this point (the distance is hard to judge), and slowly drifting east. I guess it was the size of half a city block- my husband, who was trying to keep us on the road this whole time, saw the change from a line into a triangle and we both lost it over the buildings of the east side. He thinks it was 100 feet or more per side. It was now about the elevation of a 5 or ten story building. About 2-4 seconds later, we turned left, west on to 6th St, and that was the end of the sighting.

In conclusion, there is a lot of light pollution in the middle of the city, but this was perfectly clear the whole time. It was never static, always changing in same slow way in direction, intensity, size and shape. I cannot believe what I just wrote, but it is so true!!! I hope I am articulate enough that what we saw is coming across clearly. Many people would have been able to see this (it was a busy night), but so many of us barely look up, especially at night. I have found it hard to think of much else. I am still amazed, and feel happy and interested in what we saw, and I don't for once thing that it was made by, or navigated by, Earth people. 

Glad you have such a great forum to report something like this. I have read UFO cases almost daily the past year, but have never read of a sighting that resembled this. All the best to each of you.
