{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505750","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53093","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3915,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/750/mufon-5505750.json","updb_database_id":5505750}
3 star like objects travelling in unison entered our orbit for 6 seconds then disappeared as quick as they appeared

Im a security guard who works the night shift from 2300-0700 in the west end of Ottawa, ON.I believe the sighting occured December 12, 2013. It was approximately 6 am and I decided to go out for a cigarrette. Many employees were showing up for work at this time. I proceeded out the east entrance and turned right walking south toward the smoking area. Im an amateur astronomer and study astrophysics so im always looking up to see whats going on up there. As I approached the smoking area I witnessed what appeared to be 3 star-like lights appear in the southern sky. My head was tilted a bit so Im guessing it was around 60 to 70 degrees above the horizon. Obviously these star like lights were not stars, but with a quick glance one might mistake the 3 lights for stars. The 3 star-like lights were travelling in unison and appeared to be same distance from each other. They seemed to enter our orbit for about 6 seconds before they instanty disappeared. When I first spotted the 3 star like objects entering the earths orbit a lady having a smoke who just arrived for her work day looked at me and said what is that you are looking at. I responded that i thought it may have been the international space station, although I have seen the internatinal space station from ground level and this was totally different. I told her im really not sure so Im classifying it as a UFO. I have also viewed comets, meteors, satellites, and several other objects in space from ground level. This was something different entirely. The magnitude of the brightness of the 3 objects was incredible. As said before they appeared to be brightly shining stars, but were definately not stars. The 3 bright star-like objects were travelling in unison extremely fast and in a straight line parallel to the horizon. The objects were not in triangle formation. They were in a straight line formation perpendicular to the horizon. I lost sight of the objects or object as it/they left our orbit. I believe it could have been a spacecraft using the slingshot technique around the earth, but unfortunately I definately cannot prove this to be true. This area of the sky seems to be very active as I have seen many unusual events happen including what appeared to be a star exploding back on June 10, 2013. On this day june 10, 2013 something instantaneously brightened to about the size of the moon then disappeared within seconds leaving nothing behind except the blackness of space. Is it a coicidence that this event occurred at the same time I was abondoning a scientific report i was writing on Gobekli Tepe. This event gave me the inspiration and motivation needed to write a 90 page scientific report on the archeological site called Gobekli Tepe. Im not quite sure what i viewed on December 12, 2013 but my expertise in this field leads me to believe it was not natural and not a man-made object. Therefore, Im writing this sighting in hopes that someone may be able to shed some light on this event. As stated before i lost sight of the 3 star-like object/objects as they disappeared which I believe was caused due to the objects/object exiting our orbit. Thank you and hope that this helps out in someway. [Name removed/cms/tg]
