{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469750","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90764","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4458,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/750/mufon-5469750.json","updb_database_id":5469750}
I saw 3 air planes in the sky and from the corner of my eyes I saw lights moving above the apple trees to my right. When I looked to see what it was, I noticed the craft. Then it just vanished. Soon after I saw a black helicopter and two silver planes

I was at a small house where i lived in Ashfield township, Ontario, Canada. It was around 8 or so at night and I was letting my brothers dog out for a pee. I opened the sliding door that was off my bedroom and that lead to the backyard and the farm fields. As I was waiting for bubba at the door I noticed how bright the moon was and how odd it was that there was 3 planes in the sky. In that area air traffic is rare... So 3 planes at one time was odd to me. I remember watching the planes going in either direction and that's when I noticed lights flashing out the corner of my eyes. I looked to my right to see this thing in the sky above the two apple trees in our back yard. The flashing lights were in fact the band on lights that ran through the center of what appeared to be some sort of craft. There was red and white lights moving round and round the center. The craft appeared to be dark or black and like a disk with a bumped up middle. I was shocked and calling out for the dog, soon after what was there vanished right in front of my eyes. It was there then gone in a flash. I remember watching the trees and saw It how they moved with the wind and how in contrast this craft moved not at all. It was silent and still. I ended up getting the dog inside and shortly after a black helicopter and two silver planes flew above. I WENT INSIDE. It's taken me about to report this for a few reasons. 2017 was a very dark and sad year if loss for me. Since I have decided to do this the Director of Training, Ryan Stacey had been a great help and I am grateful.
Two weeks after this event I saw orange orbs in the farm fields behind the house. Maybe about ten of them. They dashed around the fields and in the trees but I didn't hang around long enough to see for how long. I closed up the curtains and stayed inside.
On December 9th I had an experience with what I call the reptilian man, it was a 4 day fiasco of which I am sure. I woke paralyzed from the head down in my bedroom and yet could tell I was being moved on my bed. I reluctantly turn my head from left to up and my eyes looked directly into the eyes of a snake man. He was populating with me. I couldn't speak and didn't want to even deal with it or it being a possible dream. It was not hurting me but I am certain he or it wanted me to see the act. There was no emotions and no expressions the act was militabt. It was an intrusive act and rape quite frankly that was not violent or unpleasant, I felt nothing. I told myself I would deal with it in the morning and what back to sleep. When I woke in the morning I was freaking out.
Now I want to know, why would it even have done that? I am rh o neg and have two wombs... Having children for me is nearly impossible not short of a miracle. I thought reptiles didn't procreate for any other reason than breeding? SINCE this all happened between Nov and Dec. My life changed. I moved to Niagara to care for my dying mother and since have left to western Canada. I worry now about many things. I still am having issues with the idea that these beings can invade your home and head space and there is nothing we can do about it. Now I wonder if the beings and ghosts and experiences I have had my entire life are related and worrying that the idea of abductions are now reality! Maybe they were always a reality unknown to me?
