{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-19 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493750","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65756","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3558,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/750/mufon-5493750.json","updb_database_id":5493750}
{rjl} the UFO did not make any sound but yet it was so close to me and it had a gold orange color going around it when it was close but has it got far away it remain one color which was gold or orange. it was very scary but yet so real please contact me.

Well I was walking across the street at the crosswalk on 19th ave and Glendale listening to my music. It was dark around 8:40 maybe 9 o'clock at night. But as I was walking across the street before I got half way this bright white light appeared over the street light like maybe 5 to 10ft over the street lights and I first thought it was a helicopter looking for someone so I took off my headphones and I was expecting to hear a lot of noise or something but I heard nothing.. That got my attention I was very curious to what was flying so close to the street. But as I got curious it stopped and by this time I was across the street almost to the bus stop which had other people there but they seemed not to notice this object in the sky maybe because it made no noise. So as I was looking at it it was like the white light disappeared and now this gold orange color started going around the object it was like one by one it went around the UFO and I saw its black windows I saw something there beside the sky. The gold orange color went around the object hitting one window at a time and I got scared so I called my mom and explain to her wat was going on and it stayed there for like 5 mins maybe more doing the same thing it was like it was watching me and it knew I saw or was seeing it there no one else would look or anything I felt like it was looking at me. So I stayed on the phone tilly bus came which was like a 20 to 30min wait. And the aircraft or object was there for a long time doing its things. Than all of sudden it was gone I looked around for it and saw it traveling West which it went all the way down and towards that way is Luke Air Forced Based. I watched it go all the way down there and than the object appear to brighten up the whole aircraft now was that gold orange color and I could see the lines in it from the windows and it was just hoovering and flying slowing in one spot down there I thought to myself how can I still see this things this is not something that is from here or that I had ever seen felt or experience. Than the bus came so I left and got off the phone with my mama. When I got off the bus I ran home which was like A 5 to 10 minutes run I was frighten I was going to be abducted I felt like it knew I was watching it and it was watching me. I would say this object was the size of a two story house and it was so low tree height barely above the streetlights. And it made no noise and I could see its material it shape and I will never forget this day which was September 19 around 8:30 9 o'clock 2009 I was 17 years old and would never ever forget what took place and how I felt and what occurred was phenomenal and extraterrestrial. What I saw was a UFO .......
