{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490750","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68825","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/750/mufon-5490750.json","updb_database_id":5490750}
Did not witness - first saw the object when we viewed the pictures.

My Mom, Son and I were on vacation with 7 friends from Costa Rica. We went on a bus tour to Nicaragua. On the last (4th) day we went to the Volcano at Masaya in Nicaragua. Volcano Masaya is considered by the locals as one of the 7 doors to hell. There are 3 calderas, one active and 2 inactive. My son and I walked to the rim of one of the inactive calderas. He was taking pictures the whole time we were there. The camera he has is a Nikon Coolpix AW110. The camera is a HD camera with GPS capabilities. The GPS feature was turned on when the pictures were taken. The picture I'm submitting is a panoramic picture. He started from the right, pushed the start button and panned left to produce the picture. In the right 3rd of the picture, you can see the object. We (he) did not see the object until I started reviewing the pictures on the way back to Costa Rica. From the time the picture was taken till the time I spotted the object on the camera, the whole group never broke up. When I viewed the picture, I looked at my son and kiddingly said he took a picture of a UFO. He laughed till he saw the picture. We passed the camera around and everyone including the bus driver (11 people total) viewed the picture. Since we stayed together as a group, everyone can verify the authenticity of the situation. When we arrived back to our place in Costa Rica, we viewed the picture on a non HD TV with a RCA jack connection. We determined it was a bug or something uneventful because of the fuzziness of the picture. It was not till I returned home and hooked the camera up with a HD connection to a HD TV did I change my mind about it being a bug or something explainable. The object looks like one of the lifting body aircraft from 30 years ago but without the vertical rudders. I am a respected 58 year old Department Manager at a new car dealership and my son is a 19 year old Eagle Scout. I wish we had noticed the object while there, but my son's hand would have been in the way when he started taking the picture and I was 30 feet away from him looking in a different direction. The first picture is a picture of the TV screen with a close up of the object. The second picture is the actual panoramic picture and the third one is a panoramic picture of the whole area including the active caldera. I hope you can determine what the object is by these pictures and will be waiting to hear back from your group. 
Thanks
