{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-19 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503350","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2415,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/350/mufon-5503350.json","updb_database_id":5503350}
{cak} Retired law enforcement. Observed extremely high magnitude constant red light with no variation slowly descend in NNW sky at 2130 hrs. I have had other encounters before. Mercer airport has a ANG detatchment. Was it a flare? Unique sighting 4me.

I am a retired NJ law enforcement officer. I made a report some time ago about other events. Since then, there have been other events I observed that I did not report. Tonight however I want to report a very large bright red light I observed in the NNW sky at approximately 2130 hours. The duration was about 2 minutes or less. I initially was outside cooking on the grill. I made a report some time ago with Mufon and spoke with a gentleman from Gloucester NJ. I have had a few other observations I would like to discuss that occurred previously to this one. The object I observed was intense in color and magnitude, it was large, red and very bright, constant in magnitude. It was about 2 degrees above the treeline to the NNW from my position. I live in Mercerville NJ. The light slowly descended downward. I ran back into the house to get my wife who also observed the light until it became unobservable in the treeline which has no foliage. There is a ANG detachment at Mercer airport in the Princeton NJ area which lies in a crow fly direction from my location towards that general direction. I have no experience with military flares so I can't say if this sighting falls within a military exercise. I have never seen anything unusual in the area or general direction I may add. The only thing I regularly see in that vicinity or quadrant of the sky is commercial aviation. I have an extensive knowledge of military, commercial aviation, and aerospace. So if it's up there I can identify things if it's from us. This was unique. Please feel free to contact me.
