{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-28 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525350","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30408","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3589,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/350/mufon-5525350.json","updb_database_id":5525350}
Blue/gray bathtub sized craft with red light slowly descending 30 ft away

50.011624,-110.621306
T.J. and I we're trying to meet up for a smoke and bike ride. we met each other coming in opposite directions on a hill on ross glen trail near the ross creek. we we're on top of an escarpment sitting on a bench looking out at a bend in the creek. The railway ran between us and the creek but below the escarpment. We spotted what we thought was a plane up high but wasn't making any noise or blinking. I joked that it was a UFO and we dismissed it not really believing.  I had the pipe out and was about to light it when i saw something my mind could not rationalize. i at first thought it was a giant hawk carrying a red light gliding down beside to our right at approximately 30 feet out and 15 feet above the ground. It was roughly 110cm long 75cm deep and 60cm wide.The top of the craft had a dome shape to it that hung over top of an under belly that was more square. Being that it was dusk (about 10pm) the color was hard to distinguish; id say a slate grey/blue. It had a red light in the middle on what i would call the front, or side facing us, about 10cm across. This light was not solid but more of a soft glow a bit like an ember but mostly red.Its appearance and movements reminded me of the floating robot (343 Guilty Spark) from Halo but with a red light. The craft descended at maybe a bit above jogging speed from our right periphery down and over the escarpment in front of us. It pivoted left and right while it silently descended in a smooth glide.T. and I knew this was out of the ordinary and followed it, but it had ducked out of view below us. We were stunned but excited. T.J. may have filmed it on his Iphone but it was quit dark out with the sun behind us. We couldn't spot the CRAFT on his phone but the UFO was below the horizon and blended in well. We had to go around the escarpment to see where we thought it landed. As we were looking for a way down we noticed a woman walking her dog and asked her if she saw anything and she said "you mean that ballon?" I scoffed and said it was a UFO. We biked to the next dip in the path and left the bikes to get down on the railroad tracks for a better look. We we're somewhat nervous about doing this as it was dark out and had a poor light, but felt we must to settle it for us. T. had his headlamp on at this point since we couldn't see the cacti very well. We finally got around to where we thought it must have gone since it wasn't seen leaving the blind spot below the escarpment. Nothing was found out of the ordinary. We are going to return in the daylight to see if we can find anything that resembled what we saw. As the experience set in, we both argeed it was probably the same thing way up in the sky maybe 2 minutes before. we dismissed it as an airplane though i subconsciously thought it was strange that it wasn't blinking or making any noise. I try not to be too paranoid so i never thought twice about it.
