{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-06 01:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499350","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59795","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3472,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/350/mufon-5499350.json","updb_database_id":5499350}
{nd} A dozen or more pinpoints of light, similar to and no brighter than stars, all silently floating together in a haphazard formation.

It was late and I was the only one up on our second story deck near the beach. As I often do, I was scanning the skies. I'm a seasoned star-gazer and love to catch glimpses of meteors or just clear views of the stars (which should hopefully give this story some level of credibility). 

I turned to my right (SE) and I noticed this group of lights silently floating, coming from the direction of the beach heading towards the bay. They looked similar to the brightest stars - small pinpoints of light - but obviously they were moving; "orbs" is probably the best description. I didn't count them, but there must've been at least a dozen or so, all loosely grouped in a seemingly haphazard formation that I would estimate to be about 30 feet in diameter or so. They were not going very fast really - I'm hesitant to estimate speeds for fear of erring, but no faster than gliding birds. They were a continuously steady light - no pulsing, no flickering, no flashing or dimming. 

My first thought was balloons with some sort of led lights attached, but several considerations make this seem unlikely: 1. They didn't randomly free drift as one might expect with wind-driven balloons, but rather all stayed in their relative positions. 2. If they were balloons, they didn't have sufficient time to gain that altitude from the beach (assuming that's where they were "launched"). 3. The wind was rather still that night, probably not sufficient to "drive" balloons horizontally like that. 4. They didn't rise, but stayed level at that relatively low elevation. 5. While it was dark, I still might expect to have seen glimpses or hints of attaching hardware - baskets, wires, etc., which I didn't. 

I curiously and intently watched these "orbs" float over the cow pasture and continue all the way over West Bay. I noted that they did not dim in brightness as they went over the complete darkness of the bay, so no measure of ground lighting was involved in illuminating them, thus ruling out any slim possibility for mistaking them as a flock of birds. They continued on their same path until they just faded out of view due to distance. In all, the episode was not much more than 1 minute in total. 

My immediate and lasting feeling is one of awe, curiousness, and a degree of shock and confusion. I do not claim to know what they were. Nothing about their behavior really indicated any sort of intelligent purpose, but they didn't seem to fit most descriptions I've read of ball lightning. And again, I've spent countless hours under the night sky as a casual amateur astronomer; I've seen the ISS, other satellites, meteors, fireballs, birds, planes & helicopters, and private drones. These orbs looked like nothing I've ever seen.
