{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-24 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291350","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111986","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6296,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/350/mufon-5291350.json","updb_database_id":5291350}
Around 12 orbs in a V shaped pattern the size of a football field, flew directly over my neighborhood.

I was sitting outside the front of my house smoking a cigarette with my friend last night at 10pm. Our smoking spot faces west torward the ocean. My view from this spot is of my house and the sky above it. The moon was relatively bright last night and the sky above me had light/moving/sporadic cloud cover.
Seemingly out of nowhere, large white orbs appeared in the sky from the southwest. If I were to follow a straight path from where I first saw them, it would lead behind the left of my house, past a large area of empty rocky land a few miles wide, to lower waikoloa where the hotels are located, then to the Pacific Ocean. The best way to explain the orbs size from my point of view and distance is as follows: The stars in the sky are the size of a dot made by a pen on a piece of paper; the orbs were the size of a dot made by taking a regular tip permanent marker and forcefully pressing it down onto the paper. (Roughly the size of a green pea.)
As the orbs seemingly took a curved flight path. When coming up to the edge of town from the barren rocky area, they turned northward, as if to go around the north edge of town and away from any house and street lights. 10 to 15 seconds later they turned back W/NW to their original direction again towards the area between mauna kea and the town of Waimea. There is a very small airport in that direction, and I am extremely interested to know if they caught anything weird on radar.
When I first noticed the orbs as they were coming directly towards me, I didn't notice any distinctive shape these little round globes were creating. After they starting shifting direction, the V shape became immediately apparent.
As the orbs shifted back westward, they crossed over a neighbors house, a few houses up the street from me, giving me front row seats to the most unbelievable, ominous and most amazing thing I have ever witnessed in my entire life!
The orbs at best guess were about 1000 feet up in the sky. The elevation. Changed slightly from just below the clouds, to sometimes partially in the clouds. The first 5 to 7 orbs always stayed in a connect the dots V pattern. The orb at the point was always leading. It was pitch black inside the V pattern of the 5-7 orbs, making it seem like they were the outline of one large ship. From my angle the V shape would get fatter and then skinnier, leading me to believe this thing was tilting itself when changing direction. That's my best guess anyway.
The other 5 back orbs are what blew my mind. They would move out of V formation, and seemingly do whatever the hell they wanted. One orb was making tiny circles around the last orb still on the bottom side of the V. (Like taking a small flashlight and vigorously making small circles at your friend with it.)
Another two dropped back behind the V and lined up in the middle. (Like forming the premature stick of an arrow.)
And the other couple would break of and accelerate up next to the side of the V and then fall back in line again.
So at least two orbs on the back end were doing something weird the whole 1mi 40 something seconds I was watching this. The main cluster was slow, steady and deliberate. Closely resembling the motion of a giant whale, shark or sunfish slowly coasting through water. The back end orbs spent most of their time tripping out and moving all over. (Like a bunch of overly excited fire flies.) Yet they always stayed close to the main V shape and sometimes would rejoin it.
The entire ufo/orbs vanished twice for a few seconds each time. I don't know if it was because it crawled higher into the wispy clouds or used some type of cloaking device. All I know is that when it did vanish, a blurry/transparent substance, took its place. (Like the blurry heat waves that you can see In the distance of deserts and other areas.)
This giant ufo/UFOs when in form had to roughly be the size of a football field. Whatever it was, it was big, silent, and amazing. Traveling in the direction of Orions constellation at the time, or maybe a little north of it.
My friend said he saw different colored orbs, which I didnt remember seeing, or maybe just cant recall. I focused on the movement as much as I could in pure amazment and bewilderment before the idea part of my brain turned on and told me to record this shit! 40 seconds into my encounter, my hands were shaking because of the pure adrenaline rush I experienced. I fumbled around trying to take my phone out of my front pocket in a sitting position. I ended up getting the phone out, standing up and pushing record in a matter of seconds. Now it's time to tell everyone reading this, how completely f***ing stupid I am.
I recorded a minutes worth of a once in a lifetime experience to no avail. I desperately worked at trying to get the small orbs in the sky into focus. At first, I just thought my phone was a complete piece of shit and couldn't see into the dark sky. After watching the video, I noticed a faint red glow on the video and realized that my camera was on selfie mode and I was recording myself smoking my cigarette instead of the night sky. So yeah, F me right? At least i attempted, unlike my friend who said "damn, i wish i would have recorded that," after the ufo was already gone. I spent the next 3 hours of last night sitting outside with phone in hand, extremely irritated with myself, yet ready for a second chance. No luck.
So that's about all I know and as detailed as I can be. If anybody has extra info on last night near waikoloa hawaii, post it! If I left anything out or if mufon has any questions, they have my number.
