{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496350","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63058","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3379,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/350/mufon-5496350.json","updb_database_id":5496350}
{dr}A self illuminating being about 5 feet with a little larger head than a human, no face.

Two weeks ago my husband was awakened out of my sleep in the early morning hours and saw a small red laser light that traveled across the ceiling and down the northwest corner of the bedroom wall. I reported the incident to the local police department. Our first thought was that someone was playing a prank with either a laser pointer or worst case scenario a gun sight. I did however; have a problem with my husband1s laser theory because his bedroom window has heavy bamboo blinds that are pulled more than halfway down. It would be difficult for anything to penetrate the thick bamboo blinds.  As far as I was aware that was the only incident that occurred that night. This morning he called me into his bedroom and told me that he had seen a being in his bedroom around 6:00 AM. He said that it appeared to be self illuminating. 1Very bright1 He said it was about my height, which is approximately 5 foot five inches and that it glowed and it had no face.He said it's head was a little larger than human. He said when he saw it; the being was near the bedroom door, apparently when it realized my husband was watching it, the being looked slightly over its shoulder at my husband and very quickly exited the bedroom.  My husband said it had no discernible features, it had no face. It was then he told me that the night he1s seen the laser, he1d had also seen an approx 3 foot by 3 foot square shape projected on the mirror of his closet doors. He said it looked like a large picture frame and that there was a very bright light illuminating from within it, with strange black symbols that resembled hieroglyphic1s inside of what he described as small boxes they were also illuminated. He said he1s never seen anything like them before. I asked him why he hadn't mentioned this before. He told me that he couldn't understand how there was this large imagine in his mirror, because there are no windows on the west wall of his bedroom, so it couldn't have been a reflection. He wasn't going to mention it until he saw the being this morning. He told me he1s very unnerved about these sightings, since they are becoming repetitive. I'm concerned because my husband is not one to make-up stories. He's very practical down to earth kind of person. If he said he saw something, he did. But he wouldn't file this report however, he did give me permission to file on his behalf. And that he will relate the story if asked about it. I found some pictures on the internet and asked if any were similar to what he saw in projected on the mirror. He choose this picture, as it was very close to what he saw.
