{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-01 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523656","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32280","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/656/mufon-5523656.json","updb_database_id":5523656}
Bright star like object travelling extremely high and fast

At approximately 7:20pm on 10/1/2011 I along with my friend witnessed a bright star like object traveling at tremendous speed approximately 70 degrees above the horizon flying in a straight line heading south east for an estimated 30-40 seconds, it then made a sharp angle change of direction heading north east for an estimated 1-1m20 seconds. 

The light blinked out for 1-2 seconds then came back with equal intensity twice during the sighting. It did this once while heading east, and then again while heading north east. The total sighting length was approximately 2 minutes +/- 10 seconds as estimated.

During it's flight east it left a light streak behind it for approximately 1 second. The object appeared to go extremely fast and then slow down, yet still it was traveling with a high rate of speed. I estimated the total distance traveled before losing sight of it to be 4 feet to the east and 3 feet to the north east. The altitude of the object was high enough to be equal in size and color to a bright white star.

Just before it changed direction I stepped inside my house and reached for a mini monocular to try to get a better look at it. The monocular was 4 feet from the door and within quick reach. The directional change took place right as I got back outside. Total time to get the monocular is approximately 10 seconds on the high side. The object was traveling so fast I decided against trying to use the monocular because of the time it would take to focus and continued to watch the object until it disappeared from sight by quickly blinking out. After it blinked out I asked my friend if it had performed any other direction changes or movements while I reached for the monocular. He said it continued as I described it here, traveling fast in a straight line and slowing just a bit, then traveling fast again in the same direction until it's abrupt change of direction. One thing to note is when it changed direction it did so instantly, it did not make a turn, it was heading south east and then north east, that fast.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? 
Standing on the darkened porch talking to my friend. I had just looked up to stretch my neck when I noticed a bright star and then saw it move, I told my friend "hey check it out, it's a satellite." But when it changed its speed I began to question that and finally when it changed its direction I ruled it out completely.

2. What made you first notice the object?
It appeared to be a star traveling extremely fast across the sky.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
Possibly a satellite until it changed its rate of speed and finally direction.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
Please see above.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
Initially curiosity followed by amazement,when I first noticed it. Then wonder and intrigue.

6. How did you lose sight of the object? It blinked out of sight. It was there and then just gone.
