{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-08-01 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494656","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4176,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/656/mufon-5494656.json","updb_database_id":5494656}
{rjl} Observed from 1 town then noticed in another, then overhead - huge and directly overhead

I have written on several sights about my encounter over the years, but no one believes me. I forget about it and then it resurfaces, but I will never waiver from what I saw. Mid '80's (either summer of 1984 or 1985) I attended my sister's friends' barbecue before they packed up to move to Texas. They are born again Christians and the husband is a minister, so there was no alcohol at this party. The home was located in Yonkers NY right by the Hudson River in NY. I recall leaving the party at the beginning of dusk (still light out) and I was driving my mother home. My baby daughter was in the car seat in the front. My mother and I were conversing and I glanced up and saw a round object moving in the distance, and thought I must have been seeing things. My mother was in the back seat, so I didn't point it out. I recall driving part of the way, but seemed to have lost a bit of time because by the time I got to my mom's home (only about 20 minutes away), it was pitch black outside. I dropped my mother off (she lives on a one way street), and drove up and around the curve, to the top of the hill, and then made a right onto the road heading toward the adjacent town (a very upscale and prominent town). As I turned, within a block, I hit a traffic light. Before I got to the light, I looked up and I saw the object again, only it was very low and appeared to be descending! I felt like I was driving in low motion, all the while staring at this object. It resembled the Starship Enterprise, only it was round/disc in shape with windows, and had no additional features like the Enterprise. The closer I got to the traffic light, the lower this object appeared. At this point, I'm looking from far left of the windshield . . . to the far right of my Ford LTD - 8 cylinder vehicle and could not see the entire craft! I remember grabbing onto my daughter's hand, and totally started to panic! In my head, I'm thinking "how huge is this thing, if their purpose is to try and land!" "How come I am the only person who sees this thing?!" I truly thought we were being invaded. NO ONE IS ON THE ROAD! This is a highly populated area, 30 minutes from Manhattan!! I heard no noise. I saw no other living sole. I don't know how many times the light might have changed. I kept staring at this object. Everyone is going to think I am crazy! Who is going to believe me!! I don't recall how much time passed, but this object was hovering and very, very low, and did not make a sound. I kept thinking if it ever landed, it could have taken out several towns! I finally noticed the light change and I slowly proceeded (thinking "if they see my car moving, who knows what is going to happen."), as I headed toward the next town. The object quickly (and silently) rose, and I continued to watch it while I drove toward the town. By the time I got to the town near the train station, it disappeared into the darkness. Seeing an object off into the distance is one thing; however, this object was so huge, I was not able to see from one end of the object to the other through my car windshield! That was 30 years ago and I can picture it in my head like it happened last night! I know what I saw and I won't deviate from my story. I don't know why no one else saw this object on a Sunday evening in August of 1984-1985, but it happened. Yes, I can find out the exact year through my sister's friend. Living in an extremely populated area only makes the experience more puzzling. Yes, it happened.
