{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-03-24 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287656","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115720","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4302,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/656/mufon-5287656.json","updb_database_id":5287656}
{triangular fixation of low glowing rings, yellow/orange like fiery of sorts, came just over the line of trees} blocked the entire sight of the Big Dipper as it slowly passed through on a direct line.It was still the Spring Equinox. - {djs}

I had just left from a 5 hour shift where I met with a co-worker who also worked that night, and a mutual friend of ours met up at my co-workers yard outside as I was on my way home in that direction. I am there for maybe 20 minutes as we were talking out back of his yard. I myself,stared around at the amazing stars, and how they were vibrantly lit that evening after 10 pm. I just happened to be peering in the direction of the SE when a triangular fixation of low glowing rings, yellow/orange like fiery of sorts, came just over the line of trees that ran in a row eastward. This triangular craft quietly drew near to my view though the craft itself seemed cloaked. all that was visible were the rings below it.# on each end & one slightly larger, in the center, the size of a small orange, the other 3 were the size of tangerines, all if one held them up in the hand in comparison.That was the main focal point that it was passing over my view from my right to my left in the night sky at a rather intimidating range of approach. The rings were not rings at that point while it was before me, rather they were fully orange low glowing circles. like the end of a low lit cigar at night, or dying ember. This was where I tried to alert the others as they were talking to each other, and not paying attention, they totally missed it, and were not really understanding what I was talking about, when I began to run after the sight of this as it was leaving away, I followed it towards where I could see it disappearing over the other treeline towards the NW exactly online with direct coordinates. This made no sound at all,I stood there astonished that something strange just passed over me I have never seen the likes of before. From what I could tell of this craft, even though it was obviously cloaked, it had 2 plates, one over the other, triangular. It was exactly 20 minutes later, 11:00 pm that evening,I fell ill,quickly, for no reason,just started to feel like something was affecting my core area around my abdomen, or belly. I felt like I was about to pass out, and I never felt that way before, I thought I was about to die just then, just that quickly. It took me a few moments to regain my sense of well being back, and not long after that I was just fine. I continued the work I was doing as I was employed over the next 3 months, and developed a small umbilical hernia after this incident ti seems, and I have to wonder if something was done to me in the matter of the 20 minutes it was , from the craft passing over me, to the time I fell ill. I am disturbed to feel this way that if I tell people, they wont listen, and I kind of feel I could have been violated. Its embarrassing to say that I was picked by aliens for testing or DNA umbilical samples. I suppose it was just for me to see, that I am knowing to the legions, by way of learning of the stones the natives left behind. I found many images of their likeness in the old tools, that gave me examples of their images, in legions they rang, many a type there are. I have yet to have my hernia fixed that i am ready now, but have not done that. I found the exact craft on video file hovering over a lake in Russia, that it took straight up sky when it left from that video. Same craft, same rings, same double plate. I think its on youtube, not sure, but its most likely the same exact thing. All I can say is for that night, I was suddenly made to witness a very real close encounter of sorts.
