{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-23 17:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527656","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/656/mufon-5527656.json","updb_database_id":5527656}
a sphere shape object traveling southeast at a slow rate of speed. whitish in color. turned into a very bright light and disappeared.

My wife and I had just got finished shopping at a local asian market located near the intersection of 66th St and Park Ave in Pinellas Park. We were standing in the parking lot sipping on the coffee we had just bought. A low flying airplane roughly 1/4 to 1/2 mile away in a landing pattern caught my attention. The plane was heading north towards the airport. I was looking east. As I followed the aircraft I noticed a smaller object above it traveling southeast at a slow rate of speed. I thought it as another plane at first but I quickly noticed there were no wings. It's hard to say how far away it was or exactly how large it was. It was a whitish sphere shaped object and traveled at a slow but steady rate of speed. I had watched it roughly 1 minute when I began trying to point the object out to my wife to see what she thought of it. She couldn't spot it so I began giving her landmarks to go off of. (Ex-See the telephone pole? Directly above that about an inch.) She still couldn't see it and as I watched it, it appeared to come towards us. It seemed to get larger and all of a sudden it began to emit a light. My wife then noticed the object. The light became extremely bright in a matter of 2 seconds or so then faded out. I saw the object for maybe 1 more second and then it just disappeared. My wife could no longer see the object either. The light that came out of the object was different than any light I have ever seen. I can't really compare it to any thing else. It was a whitish-blue color. Very bright. I know this sounds strange but It's as if I could feel it . I had a very peaceful feeling immediately afterwards. My wife and I were (and still are) very excited about seeing this. We stayed for a few more minutes and decided to go home. The time was 5:55pm. On the way home we stopped at a Publix to return a movie and upon exiting the store (6:30pm) we saw 3 low flying military helicopters flying in the direction of the airport (Clearwater/St pete). The airport from this direction is SE. The store is located at the intersection of Missouri Ave and Lakeveiw Dr. We often see Coast Guard helicopters, especially in the summer but I have never seen these particular type helicopters in this area. Maybe it was coincidence. But they were there.
