{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-09-01 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530656","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2472,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/656/mufon-5530656.json","updb_database_id":5530656}
Stainless steel ball fixed position in morning sky about 3000 ft. elevation.

Coming out of my office for a breath of fresh early morning air before giving my nightshift report and going home I observed a stainless steel looking perfectly round sphere stationary in the sky about 2-3 miles south east from my position and about 3000 feet in the sky which would place it's position over the east end of Sky Harbour Airport. The time was about 5:30 or 5:45 AM and the sun had not fully risen but the sky was full of light but the globe itself was reflecting bright sunlight. the sphere/globe reflected a gray/silver color just like stainless steel and there were no other features about it. It was just a perfectly round globe devoid of any markings or external material. If one holds a large childs marble at arms length you get the idea of what size I was seeing. This object was perfectly stationary in the sky and clearly visible to anyone who would look up and as I said looked for all the world to be made of stainless steel. I watched it for a short while and first thought it was a TV satalite. I went back into my office, gave report for my shift and went home not thinking anymore about it. A few weeks later coming out of my office for a breath of fresh morning air at the same time as before i saw it again in the same position perfectly stationary in the sky with the early morning sun reflecting off its exterior. I watched it again for a little while wondering just what it was then gave my night shift report and went home. Before I drove off the parking lot I took another look but could not see it again. On the way home I began to realize that it could not be a TV satalite because it had no array of antenas or solar panals etc. and it was positioned in the atmosphere only a few thousand feet up. I am a retired RN and have never seen any other odd objects in the sky.
