{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-12-19 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284656","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118762","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/656/mufon-5284656.json","updb_database_id":5284656}
My first UFO report on an event from the 1990's

I was out with family driving on a mountain road after dark in the vicinity of Steamboat Springs, Co. I was home on Christmas leave from the U.S. Marine Corps. An object in the sky caught our attention, and we couldn't make it out while driving. So we stopped and got out of our vehicle to take a better look as family friends of ours had told us that UFO sightings in the area were not uncommon. Basically, this object was too low in the sky to be a man made satellite. Too high up to be a helicopter, and completely stationary so it could not have been an airplane. It appeared black, and just hovered in the sky with changing lights. All aircraft registered in the USA have 3 different color lights for night time navigation, (eg: red, green, and white). This object had several different colored lights, (eg: red, blue, green, purple, white, and yellow). We watched it till we got too cold to keep watching it. As long ago as this was, I can no longer remember who left first, us, or the UFO. I would have reported this sighting a long time ago, but I only just this evening learned of your web site from watching a show on TV on The Travel Channel called: The Alaska Triangle - UFO's of the Triangle and Alaska's Lost World, aired: 10/22/2021. We didn't have a camera with us, and cell phones didn't exist yet. let alone cell phone cameras, so unfortunately, we don't have any pictures. If my memory serves me correctly, we were also witness to the gigantic "boomerang" lights in the night sky above Phoenix in 1997(?). Again, this is a long time ago. If I remember correctly, we were visiting my sister and grandmother who were sharing a house in the Phoenix area. Again, cell phone cameras didn't exist yet, and I wasn't looking for a UFO, so I didn't have a regular camera with me. I don't remember if my family saw the "boomerang" lights above Phoenix, or not. My parents have since retired to the Phoenix area, but have never reported seeing anything since. But I do know for sure that my mother remembers the UFO near Steamboat Springs because she and I discussed it fairly recently, but I don't know if anyone else who was there remembers it. I have given the dates to the best of my memory, and this is a truthful report to the best of my memory. Lastly, my family and I are quite familiar with man made aircraft. I have studied military aircraft all my life, and I was in aircraft maintenance when I was in the Marines. I also studied aerospace science in my Bachelor's degree and I also have approx. 200 hours actual flight time at the controls of a Cessna 172.. The point being, I know the difference between something man made, and something not man made, as well as the capabilities of man made aircraft. This is also the first, and only time I have ever given a report of this nature. I hope it helps your research.
