{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-03-15 12:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484656","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75163","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/656/mufon-5484656.json","updb_database_id":5484656}
Military Black Ops Investigation of 3 km Pralell Enormous Underwater Track Marks In Fjord

I am filing this report on behalf of my father, who at the time remains anonymous until I have established contact with MUFON. This due to the fact, that this report refers to a military operation !
There is also several details I have to leave out due to the military aspect. And I urge MUFON to contact me a.s.a.p, as to clarify how to approach and deal with these potential top secret information's further.

My father was a Norwegian Navy Seal Special Ops Deep Sea Diver Specialist from approx 1968, until he was headhunted for extreme deep sea diving during the settling of the oil fields in the north sea (between England And Norway) approx 1974.
All through my childhood I have been told stories about what they did during my father's Navy Seal years. 
As I got older (I am now 40 yrs) I started to get a feeling that there was things my father experienced that was far from the normal for any military ops. And I kept asking for any form of details of such for many years without finding anything abnormal or interesting. Apart from insane deep diving experiments and such.
As my father got older too, I think the time limit for keeping military details secret ran out (This is just my assumption). And suddenly one day approx 5 years ago, while relaxing in his garden he just told me flat out the one thing I never had expected to hear, as USO/UFO's was very far from my mind in regards to me poking in his Military history. In my mind I expected to hear some cold war stories about Russians and USA and such, as he did allot of ops in the northern region of the Atlantic ocean. So what he told me this day blew my mind !

In 1973 he was stationed at the Navy base in the coastal town of Bergen. And at the time he was occupied just doing normal training as they do most of the time, even though being Special Ops. When he suddenly gets called off from his units training routines, and was in all haste air lifted by helicopter off to one of the major fjords on the west coast of Norway (Details here is only for MUFON).
There, in the middle of the fjord, several Navy vessels was waiting, clustered as if searching for something. 
It must be said that these unique fjords go on for several hundred miles and are more than 3000 feet deep in places. So it immediately struck my father as an abnormal place for a mission. Especially since the Norwegian Navy has a very good overlook on what goes in and out of these fjords. And ops and training was not normal in there as this is mostly cruise boat and tourist territory, and contains no known military installations.
On board of one of the Navy ships, my father and another fellow deep sea diver he did not know, was put into Oxygen/Helium deep-divers equipment. A tell tale sign they were not just going surface diving, but that something more serious was under way. They were also given underwater military camera equipment. And here is where it all gets very mysterious !
Their instructions was to document and observe, then report and debrief. And as they are lowered down to a depth of approx 250-350 feet it becomes very obvious what they are there to document.
There are Deep Track Grooves on the ocean floor. Just like the tracks from some kind of belted device like a bulldozer or a tank or other similar belted vehicles. But these tracks are more than 30 feet wide, and that is just one of the tracks. There are two tracks running parallel, and both are more than 30 feet wide. And counting in there is a permanent wide gap between them (approx 30-50 feet), it looks like a gigantic caterpillar bulldozer-looking thing has crawled forward through the bottom of this fjord.
My father told me, it immediately struck him (this being 1973) as very chilling, as it dawned on him that there are no known machinery or vehicle remotely close to the size of these tracks, that can move about under water in this fashion (And to his knowledge there is still no such "vehicle" that has been made till this date). And being a Navy Seal for so long, I know he was extremely well trained in observing and identifying vessels of all sorts from an underwater perspective. As he had told me so many times about some of his missions, where they go out from the torpedo tubes on submarines, and they swim over to place bombs on enemy ships or to observe vessels and other underwater military installations and such. So I trust his observations 100% on this, as did obviously the military as well ! 
After orientating themselves, they were told by surface command to film, take pictures and memorize all details of the gigantic caterpillar track as they were to follow it out through the fjord.
And here it gets even weirder. As my father and the other diver documented this track they had to swim one over each their own track, having to use strong military grade flashlights just to be able to see the whole width of the track. And as he told me, "It went on forever into the underwater horizon" and the track was hugging the landscape. Or in other words, it had moved intelligently ! this was no scraping or drag-mark grooves suggesting something huge like a platform being hauled (very often platforms are built in these fjords because of the extreme depth and calm waters, then towed off to open sea on completion). This "Object" had "Rolled" forwards as if someone driving a bulldozer through a varied and uneven landscape. Leaving two massively steady deep tracks in its wake. with a total width of more than 100 feet.
They swam for a very long time documenting this absurd monster groove, when it all of a sudden just abruptly stopped. And this puzzled them very much. As it looked like the "object" had just been lifted straight off the sea floor. This after having documented the track being more than 3 kilometers long.
There was no trace of it further out the fjord, and they where immediately call back to the surface to debrief. And shortly after my father was airlifted off the group of ships and returned to the base without any explanation as to the origin of this track or the overall purpose of this mission. Which all struck him as very un-normal considering his regular ops. And he never heard a single thing about this mission later either. And soon after he as head hunted for the offshore oil industry. And retired from his military career. 

It has later dawned on me that I think the sudden headhunting into the oil industry was a form of "redirecting" of attention away from this and maybe other missions he will not tell me about, as to get him away and silencing him with money and jobs that took all off his waking hours up until the early 1990's.
But in his own words he explained it as something completely foreign to our technological capability, both now and then. And on my suggestion of "could this be USO/UFO related" he concurred with me !!

My conclusion after having lived next to this man my entire life, is that he is one of the most credible witnesses I could ever have imagined. His military track sheet, the Navy Seals integrity, then later more than 20 years as an offshore deep sea diver specialist (also used as an expert witness in several court cases) and now in his retired years, as a 10th Grade Grand Mason Ritual Master (10th being the highest possible elevation in the Norwegian freemason system). I must say I do not doubt his words and recollections one single bit. And I would put my full confidence in this man, as did the Norwegian government, Military, Major Oil companies and Freemasons. 
And it must also be said, that my father has never really shown any interest in the USO/UFO phenomena and theories out there. And I cannot recall one singe time in my entire life, that he has mentioned such things apart from this one day in his garden !

I ask for understanding as to some details being left for MUFON only here. As I do not want any harm or repercussions to befall my dear old father.
So please take this report very serious, as do I. And please help me getting this sorted out. As this goes a far bit over what I can investigate on my own. And maybe it can help a bit, as to revealing another piece of the UFO/USO/Alien/Government puzzle.
