{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-10 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477656","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82493","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2813,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/656/mufon-5477656.json","updb_database_id":5477656}
{dr}Witnessed a glowing aircraft object at night after work in FL keys by the water. Hovered over me. Flashed a few times, changed shape when it seems it noticed me. Darted off in different direction and seemed to just vanish in thin air.

I was an island bartender at a boutique hotel in Islamorada. I'm a Miami native however we come down here often having a timeshare and a trailer down here. I worked outside on a small island bar on the water by myself. I closed at sunset, as the hotel is on the Bayside (Gulf of Mexico)people stay for that. It was a long night so by the time my last guest had left it was around 10:30pm. We only had maybe 2-6 guests there at a time. I restocked, cleaned. took the umbrellas in, checked in to the front desk to chat for a bit, and went back to the island to grab my things. The night was beautiful, no clouds, the wind was still, the ocean was still as glass. I walked to one of our beach lounge chairs and laid back listening to the ocean and watching the night sky. Perhaps 4 minutes into adjusting my chair and staring at the sky I see something I CANNOT EXPLAIN. (Mind you I am alone...the nearest person is veryyyyyy far from me. I am scared.)I have a lot of friends, family who are into the the sciences, hell I was even thrown into going to the NASA facility. (It was great) but nothing was this REAL. I was laying on my back at an angle...and this object, I don't know what else to call it, glided, flew, zoomed, from behind me to just above me over the water. It stopped. It was an oval/diamond glowing something...but it was pulsating in its brightness and color. It was so close to me. It was so close, I knew it wasn't anything but a holy smokes moment. I didn't hear any sound. It was just very deliberate in it's presence I felt. The color changed from more white but hints of purple and blue. It was above me for 5 to 6 seconds, changed to a different elongated shape and shot off to a southern direction. It almost looked like it broke up into maybe 2 parts vanishing. Not in to the sky, but just vanishing into existence. It darted off a cpl yards and was gone. I still get goosebumps to writing this. It was something that I can never forget, It changed my beliefs.
