{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-01-17 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493756","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65749","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10038,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/756/mufon-5493756.json","updb_database_id":5493756}
{rjl} Uknown object passed directly over my car mirroring my path twice in same night. Saw again 2 weeks later from bedroom window.

I reported this to MUFON Indiana over a decade ago. They said at the time that it was the first report they had fielded. A summary is still listed on their site, but whoever wrote it seems to have misunderstood some things. Also, it says the report is on file with MUFON, but I can't find it on the website here, and no one has ever contacted me to let me know if they had discovered what it was. This is what happened on the nights of Tuesday and Wednesday January 16-17, 1990 (it was after midnight early in the AM) and Tuesday, January 30 (31st?), 1990 around midnight. I had been working late that night. I stopped at the apartment my boyfriend shared with some friends before heading home around 12:30 AM. I was 19 at the time, but it should be noted that neither myself nor anyone I visited that night was a drinker or drug user. I've never done either. I took St. Joe Rd. northeast out of town. It was a warm, foggy night with a very low cloud ceiling. No other cars were in the vicinity as I turned onto the "angling road" as we always called it (really the end of Antwerp on the west side of Schwarz). I hadn't seen anything in the sky before I turned, but of course, I wasn't looking. In 1990, there was nothing on that short stretch of road but scrub forest on the left and farmland on the right. About half of the way to Schwarz, I was startled by an unknown flying craft that passed directly over my car, mirroring my path exactly. It overtook my car and continued forward at a steady clip. In my life, I've often looked up at night, seen lights and thought, "Is that a plane?" On this night, I took one look and the blood quite literally ran out of my face. I instinctively hit the breaks and rolled my window down, but I was in a daze for a few moments watching it. I also apparently turned the sound on my car radio all the way off without actually turning the radio off. I didn't discover that until several days later. I don't recall hearing any noise of any kind from the craft. I couldn't determine the actual outline of it, but it had one red light in the center that flashed -- not in a garish way, more of a soft pulsing on and off. It appeared much larger than the white lights (6 to 8) encircling it. The white lights did not flash. It's difficult for me to estimate the size of it. The best comparison I can make is that it looked roughly the size of a full moon high in the sky. When it had passed the intersection with Schwarz, it seemed to me that it was turning very casually to the right. It kept turning and turning until suddenly I realized that if it kept it up, it could conceivably come back in my direction. Without even realizing it, I had all but stopped in the center of the road. That thought shook me from my daze. When I sped up again, and when I came to the intersection, instead of continuing on Antwerp as intended towards my parents' house, I did the thing I thought it would least expect. I made a sharp left onto Schwartz, driving as fast as was legal north all the way to Leo Road/State Road 1 where I turned left (west), entered Leo, and turned left again(south) . I never once looked back. I was fortunate enough to meet up with a semi heading for Fort Wayne, and I hugged its bumper all the way through Cedarville and then west on to the intersection of Dupont and Tonkel/Clinton. My only thought was to get back to the city where there were more people, so I followed the semi southwest on Clinton towards Fort Wayne. By the time I reached the intersection with Washington Center Rd. it was probably a good 20 minutes after the initial sighting, and I was beginning to feel silly. It was late. I just wanted to go home. I turned left, traveling east on St. Joe Center. Rd, then proceeded to get into the left turn lane to go back northeast on St. Joe Road (again). This was when what appeared to be the exact same craft passed directly over my car a second time. Once again it was mirroring my path (and the roadway) perfectly. I was just coming to a stop at the intersection when I saw it. After overtaking me, it continued forward at the same casual pace, tilting slightly as it changed its trajectory towards New Haven. I could see wisps of clouds passing underneath it, but the actual shape still wasn't obvious to me. There was at least one other car at the intersection at that moment -- a man heading south into Fort Wayne on St. Joe Rd. He was stopped at the light too, and when I saw him, he was leaning forward in his seat, craning his neck to watch the craft as it flew away, so that confirmed to me that this was something out of the ordinary and not just my overactive imagination. Just then, a light rain began to fall. I was in a virtual panic at this point even though the craft had continued on, showing no sign of turning back. I decided on the spot not to go home and turned right (south) across two lanes, winding up on the wrong side of a divided road in the process. Thank goodness I didn't encounter any cars before I found a crossover. I then turned into the parking lot for the shops and bars just north of Canterbury Green Apartments and sat in my car for at least 15 minutes. People were constantly coming and going even at that hour because of the bars, so it seemed like the perfect place to hide. I was still too scared to go home, so I went back to my boyfriend's apartment (waking everyone up) and told him all about what had happened. He and his friends were very knowledgeable about the military and various kinds of aircraft, so I thought they might know what it was. They did not. I convinced them to let me stay the night there, and I went home the next morning. My parents were understandably very upset about that the next day, but I couldn't tell them the truth about why I didn't come home. I actually expected to see something in the newspaper about it a day or two later, but it was never mentioned. For the next two weeks, I was still very anxious about it, and I didn't like driving after dark. I would often turn my car lights out after crossing Schwartz Rd in an effort to avoid attracting attention (so long as there was no traffic). I also felt very nervous at bedtime, but I was always able to fall asleep okay. That changed exactly two weeks after the initial sighting. I was at home and had headed to bed around 11:30 PM (?) on Tuesday, January 30, 1990. This time, no matter how much I tossed and turned, the anxiety would not allow me to fall asleep. I'm not sure how long I tried, but I think I gave up sometime just before midnight. Once again, I had reached the point where I felt I was being ridiculous. I wanted to take my life back once and for all. I got up and marched over to my bedroom window, certain that I would see absolutely nothing there. It was a clear night, much colder than two weeks prior. At first, I didn't see anything. I stood there for a few seconds longer, but before I could laugh and heave a sigh of relief, what appeared to be the same craft appeared in the sky over the tree line, heading at a casual but steady clip west(left to right from my perspective). It was beyond my parents' property, but it was difficult to tell how far. I felt all but positive it was the same craft even though I was seeing it from an angle. I would say it was roughly at the same altitude as well, though it was difficult to judge. That was bad enough, but a moment later, another light caught my eye -- a large single red light which did not flash traveling east (right to left). It seemed to me at the time that they were headed directly for one another. Perhaps it was just paranoia, but I was suddenly hit with the feeling that they somehow knew I was watching them. I really didn't want to wait around to see what happened if they met. I closed the curtains, got back in bed, pulled the covers around me, and thought with all my heart, "Just go away," over and over again. But you know what they say... "Be careful what you wish for". I haven't seen anything like it since. I thought I could just show people my diagram, tell them what had happened, and eventually someone would say, "Oh yeah! I know what that is. It's __________." Instead, I find that people clam up when I try to have an intelligent conversation about it, so I've more or less given up on that approach. I'm not making any claims about what I saw, but I'm absolutely positive of the details. I made a point to burn them into my memory so that I could accurately describe what I saw for the rest of my life if needs be. I'm well aware that many of those details are less exotic than the ones which surround traditional unidentified flying object sightings. I just want to know what it was once and for all. After my initial fear faded, I made the decision that if I ever saw it or anything else I couldn't identify again, I would not draw those curtains. If I saw it from my car, I would try to follow it as far as I could. I find the "not knowing" part to be far worse than anything that could possibly happen to me. And of course, I would take pictures since we all have cell phone cameras now.
