{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-12-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524756","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3686,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/756/mufon-5524756.json","updb_database_id":5524756}
Dark, hovering shadow, one half to 5 miles long.

It was around Christmas in 1988. I was working as a truck driver out of San Jose, California. We had caught a pretty good day1s work delivering a load of furniture to a house in Grass Valley. I drove on the way up there so the other driver was driving on our way back. Delivering a load of furniture inside a two-story house is hard work. I was totally exhausted. There wasn1t much conversation between me and the other driver. 
Soon we were out of Sacramento going down I-5. There is not much to see at night there. I could see Mount Diablo outlined by the last light of the setting sun, or from the lights of Oakland. That1s all there was to look at so I looked at it.
As it got darker I noticed small planes flying around Mount Diablo. I only could tell they were small planes from their navigation lights. At first I only saw one or two but after a few minutes it seemed there were six or more all flying around the mountain. I thought maybe they were having an air race of some sort.
As we got even with the mountain I noticed the planes acting strangely. The planes would circle the mountain until they got to the top then they would fly up over the center of the mountain then they would descend in a straight line towards the bottom to start circling the mountain again.
After watching for a few minutes as we were directly even with the mountain I noticed what looked like a dark shadow centered over the mountain. This was a huge dark shadow, it covered much more than the base of the mountain. That would make it anywhere from a half mile to five or six miles long. From my angle I couldn't tell if it was disk shaped or cigar shaped It now appeared the planes were flying up to the bottom of the huge dark cloud or shadow and then hurrying back down away from it. This is what really got my attention of the dark shadow up there. The dark shadow was no longer centered over the mountain. The planes were no longer circling the mountain and then flying up over the center of the mountain. The planes were still making wide circles, flying up to the center of the dark shadow and then descending. The dark shadow was in a line directly west of our truck. It stayed in a line directly west of our truck until we were south of Stockton and Lathrop. As we drove south this huge dark shadow drifted south with us at about the same speed of 60MPH. 
The planes kept going up to the center of this dark shadow until it was maybe ten miles south of Mount Diablo then fewer planes were going up until there were none, just this dark shadow, drifting south at the same speed as the truck. I got excited as we neared the I-205 cut off. We were going to be headed right for this dark shadow and should pass right under it. As we headed for it my elation turned to consternation when I could no longer discern the dark shadow. Did it keep on drifting south or was the bottom of it camouflaged to look like the night sky? I can assure you I don1t know. I did know it was strange and going to give me something to think about for a long time.
