{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-05 18:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290756","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112583","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2900,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/756/mufon-5290756.json","updb_database_id":5290756}
Several lights against clouds spinning then moving and briefly disappearing

While driving home we noticed the street light on Manion/Corkery go out (we thought nothing of it at the time). As we arrived home, at 6pm we notice lights while (4-6 lights) unloading the groceries. We thought it may be lights from a neighbour but then they were moving in a throbbing pattern and began to moved further away from us. The initial pattern made it seem like it was a series of spotlights reflecting on the clouds; however, when they began to move away from us (i.e. on an x axis), we knew this might not be the case. We got into our truck and drove South East down Corkery Road, and pulled over approx every 500m when we saw them again. This time they were moving back-and-forth in no decreeable pattern (i.e. 1-2 lights would be visible at one time). Eventually more lights appeared (approx 6) and they began to spin in a circle at a fast pace, it was unsettling. They disappeared then appeared again in the same back-and-forth pattern. At times lights would be very visible while, and then sometimes it would be extremely faint (we tried to both record videos on our IPhone 12 mini (36 seconds long) and iPhone 8+ (26 seconds long)- we assumed neither would pick up the event, however the video on the 12 mini picks up at least one faint light when the settings are adjusted). The lights continued to move SouthWest and we followed them down the road past a house that was on an episode of Unsolved Mysteries for a UFO sighting in the 90’s. Eventually until we came to the end of the road and could go no further (Corkery turns into an access road for local power utilities lines). There we saw them again until they went passed the tree line and we could no longer see them. As we returned home we noted that the street light was back on (though it should be noted that these lights are nothing to write home about). 

Simultaneously, at approx 6:04, two other persons witnessed the same lights from a different vantage point (while driving south-west on Beavertail road). They also noted that the lights looked like spotlights but also noticed that they were moving. They also noted that the street light near the corner of Richardson and David Manchester road was out at the time of the event and was back on after.
