{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-01 03:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469756","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90757","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2270,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/756/mufon-5469756.json","updb_database_id":5469756}
Low fluffy cloud with large gap a shape like a half peanut brilliant light like moon or lightbulb covered great distance in 5-7 seconds

I had got in from work on aug bank hol Monday 2014 around 3am. I made myself a coffee and rolled a cig and went into the back garden as is my normal practise. On looking at the sky trying to find stars I am familiar with. Unfortunately because of the thick fluffy low clouds I could only see dimmer stars in the large gap in the cloud immediately above my head and to the right. On looking back to cloud edge on my left I noticed an object come from the cloud, the shape I can only describe as like a peanut half. The object proceeded in a smooth straight line across the gap in the cloud. The object was a brilliant white like that of a lightbulb or a full moon but without a corona or any kind of blurry effect. The definition was so clear and it took 5-7seconds to cross such a massive gap and on entering the cloud did not shine through considering it1s brightness as the moon usually does. Living as I do close to Manchester airport I am well used to seeing planes, helicopters and light aircraft day and night and I believe this was no conventional aircraft I am aware of. The short experience has been on my mind for nearly four years without really knowing why so I felt I needed to share it. I remember thinking during the observation quite a lot in such a small length of time such as well u cocky so an so1s you really don1t care who sees you and many more. Other feelings entered my mind like feeling serene and amused at the blatancy of it. I also didn1t feel it was threatening or intrusive, it made me feel content without understanding why
