{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-10 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508756","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2784,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/756/mufon-5508756.json","updb_database_id":5508756}
{dr}While riding on motorcycle going in southerly direction, observed 2 brightly glowing redish orange objects in night sky in straight-line path with no flashing lights or familiar characteristics.

At 2150 hrs. on August 10, 2013, my wife and I while riding in a Southerly direction on our motorcycle observed two redish-orange brightly glowing objects following one another. The two objects were to the east of us very slowly, barely moving, one behind the other heading in a northeast direction. The objects were so brightly glowing that they almost looked as though they were a type of firework in the sky that did not dissipate. There was absolutely no blinking of lights, or changing in the intensity of their glow. I motioned with my arm and hand to other drivers directly behind me and oncoming to look up. I within a minute after first spotting the objects, pulled off of the road to the right upon entering a rural village in rural central PA. Approximately 1 to 1 1/2 minutes after pulling off to observe these objects, the trailing object moved what appeared to be very slightly and slowly in an easterly direction and appeared to begin to grow dimmer until it appeared to vanish. Within 30 seconds afterwards, the lead object repeated the same action as the trailing object. These two objects did not seem to be emitting any audible sound at all during the entire event. During the time objects were observed from the roadside, a jet was observed to be flying between and above the objects at an altitude much higher than they. I went to utilize my cell phone to obtain photos but realized that while shopping earlier, my wife had placed my cell phone in her purse, which was in turn placed in one of the saddlebags on our motorcycle. I unfortunately was unable to obtain photos. This sighting of these two objects has very much sparked our curiosity and at the same time has given us a very uneasy and unsettling feeling as we know that these two objects cannot come from any origin that we at this time have present knowledge of. If they are man-made, ie. from any branch of our Armed Forces etc., I am not aware of them and the capabilities they presented in this sighting.
