{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-09 16:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502756","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56236","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4342,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/756/mufon-5502756.json","updb_database_id":5502756}
{cak} seen 7 to 9 silver spree's moving then not , very fast , no sound , size of a small car hood

I was taking My dog outside to go potty. I do this 4 or 5 times a day. it was around four o'clock pm . it was a clear day no clouds. i had walked over to a pic nic table and sat down. my dog is a small dog she is a yorkie. so because I live in the country , i watch for red tail hawks , and owls. that day i was watching some turkey vouchers. they were using the heat raisers to get way up there. there were 4 or 5 very high up. i could watch them with just my eye sight , but at times i would loose them for a few seconds, so I went in the house and got a pair of Binoculars. 7x 50 i think. i went back to the pic nic table and started watching them again. it was at this time that up above the birds that i was watching. that i saw the first one the bird was in the fram of view in the Binoculars and up above the bird was a silver round ball , i am just guessing but to me it would be the size of a small cars hood. it moved in any direction it wanted to . it would stop then go again and just hang there in the air. 
this got me on my feet and i walked to the east in my yard , i wanted to see it better . like the birds i would loose it for a second and then find it again. I pulled back the field of view to see where it had gone it was at this time i saw them all. at one time i could see 7 of them, all moving in and around each other . some would go out side of where the others where and then come back. at times i could count 9 but i am not sure because when some of them were moving out side the group they were going away from me and i would lose sight of them. silver Balls , like the sun was reflecting off them , so i would say that they were metal, or polished metal. there may have had a line around the center of the shape but i am not sure if that is the right way to explain that. it was a thin Dark line at the center , and i only saw that on one or two of them , and it was for a very short time , it was when they would move , i would think that i could see this line just as they were starting to move from a hovering stop. to me it seemed like they were playing all most. just getting close to each other and then going away from each other , staying in an area the size of a football field in the air. at this time my phone gave me an alert. and like a light bulb , i thought try to take a pic of them , and so i did . i took two pics of the sky where they are at , i could see them with the naked eye but not in the phone , it was to bright to see the screen on the phone so I placed the phone in zoom and snapped to pics. I am sending them both. you have to zoom the pics to see what i saw . but the photo's do not do what i saw justice. in the photo without the moon in it. in the bottom right corner is the clearest i have . it looks dark in the photo, but i will say what i saw was all silver balls , i don't know why that one looks darker . some just look like silver balls off in the distance . i wish the photos came out better so anyone could look at them and see what i saw. 
I have lived in Nebraska and saw Military things that were not out yet. like the square smoke jet, i saw that jet years before it was out.
 This was not like that. this scared me and got me excited at the same time . I have never seen anything like this that moved so fast so easy. 
In fact i would call my self a non believer in U.F.O 's before this .
now I can say that i have seen something that i can not explain
