{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-28 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490756","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3203,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/756/mufon-5490756.json","updb_database_id":5490756}
{jpg} On July 28th 2015 as I was flying from NYC to Los Angeles I saw 8 UFOs. They appeared to have light coming off them from every side and angle that they turned and moved.

On July 28th 2015 as I was flying from NYC to Los Angeles I saw 8 UFOs. We were at approx 35,000 feet going 521 mph (ground speed). I was looking at our flight path on my phone and watching the terrain below. I have never in my life seen an alien or a ufo that I know of. They appeared to have light coming off them from every side and angle that they turned and moved- the color of gold as though the sun were reflecting off them. It was the middle of a very sunny day just over Arizona maybe a couple hundred miles past Sedona. Me, the woman next to me and the little boy in front of me saw it... no one else said a thing. It was baffling, frightening in it's newness to my mind and incredibly beautiful. At first it appeared that they were traveling towards us and would possibly cross our path at an incredibly close angle (as in they were below us and appeared to be moving upward and then would cross our path in a T). I almost thought I was seeing missiles. They may have actually just been holding position... honestly until they turned and started moving in the opposite direction I couldn't tell if they were traveling or stationary. At that point there were three in a triangle formation and they held that position for several minutes and then began moving away from us. As they moved away they danced across the sky for over 10 minutes going in and out of formations and even at times disappearing down to 3-5 in number until at the last minute 8 of them appeared and spread out over approx a 1-4 mile radius in a straight line across the horizon. I think they were 5,000 to 10,000 feet below us. All but two disappeared and held a steady formation in the sky until I couldn't see them any more. That lasted at least 60 seconds to 120 seconds.
I took a photo to document the area and the last two lights that were visible to my eyes but they are not visible in the cell phone picture from what I can tell upon trying to zoom in and see them. I'm including a photo of where we crossed over Sedona, AZ so you can see region and then the desert picture was where I was seeing the UFOs. I think the UFOs were near The Mojave. In that photo they were to the far right just where the mountains and horizon meet.
