{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-08 23:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459286","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102224","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":13127,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/286/mufon-5459286.json","updb_database_id":5459286}
{cak} July 8th 2019 - Sighting of 3 UFO's near Major Airport in Houston, Texas

Dear Sir/Maam - I was contacted by one of your Team Members today 7/22/19 am by Messenger on Facebook to submit my Statement for what I saw while taking my dog outside on July 7th-8th, 2019. My sighting lasted from 11:58-11:59ish PM to 12:07ish AM when I came back inside to get my Husband after waking him up and telling him to come outside and to hurry. My family and I live on the backside of the major airport runway across a major highway/road area in Houston (Humble), Texas. I went to take my Dogs out at 11:57pm and I always check time before taking them out. We had been outside for maybe 1-2 minutes I always look up to sky and I Pray and give gratitude as I've done since I was a very small child. On July 8th starting at 11:58-11:59ish I look up and look toward the Stars from the Southern Sky and that night there is something that is almost Star Shaped but super bright with lights much like a Football field outside of this Star Spherical Shape below it there were two almost squarish very slim windows below the Starish shape. The part on the bottom looked solid like metal much like an Airplane but it was cigar shaped and rounded on each end. Inside you could barely tell but there were almost like pinkish, orangish glowing lights sort of like a cockpit in a plane but not and no people or anything else that I could see. It almost looked as if it had what looked like some type of metallic crane like tower or something attached to the side toward the right end of it and possibly was somehow attached to the Star Spherical Craft or another section on the top that was lit up almost like what a Football Stadium would look like. The Star Sphere was shaped like those Christmas Ornaments that are Glass that look almost like they are Starbursts I believe these are like handblown glass ornaments. But these things were not Glass they were Crafts and they were Solid or looked to be fully solid. I am looking at this thing and I blink and am about to turn to come back in to get my cellphone for the camera on it with a flash as well. I out of corner of my left eye to the South East I see something RISING up in the air much like a Drone might began to rise and levitate gaining air but these things were as big as like a Military type Aircraft similar to like a Stealth type plane I have seen on Military Documentaries on Airplanes. These were similar but I have never in all my life seen a plane rise up on the air much like a smaller drone would do like rise and levitate and hover. It did not take off like a regular Airplane on the Runway. I am looking at the White Craft to make sure it is not moving or coming closer then I am seeing a Huge Black Triangular Shaped Craft what I first thought was an Airplane but then my brain finally kicked in and having a dad that flew multiple kinds and types of planes I knew this was NO Airplane by the way it rose up in the air in not minutes but seconds. One it was maybe 1-2 miles up in the air right about where the planes would fly in to George Bush International Airport I blinked and the Black Craft goes from like 0 to 100+ from at least 1-3 miles away not sure on that and is over the Subdivision where we live and only 1-2 blocks away from our house toward the South Eastern sky. I guess I should mention this is NOT the first sighting of UFO's I have seen since I was a child but the others have been unexplainable light sources, orb type sightings different colors or extremely fast flashes of white light in the skies in other States. These three were the largest I have ever seen and were or seemed bigger wider and longer than what a normal Military Plane would look like or any kind of plane I have ever seen. So now I am trying to keep an eye on my dog who is unfazed by them no barking and she barks at everything all the time NONE of them made any noise nothing. Usually their are Cicadas, Crickets, Night Birds making noises this night NOTHING was making noises no other dogs, cats in neighborhood nothing. So I'm watching the White Craft under the Star or Planet toward the SE in the sky. Watching the Black Craft getting closer to flying over me and the dog in the back yard and I started Praying. I am a Spiritual Teacher and I have had Spiritual Gifts since I was very small most likely since birth and they started developing and showing themselves at around 2-3 yrs of age. I put my hands in my hoodie pockets and in each pocket is a crystal the left a Selenite and the right an Apache Tears Stone. I carry crystals often for added protection with and for my gifts to help with not absorbing energy from other people as much being an Empath, Lightworker and Healer. I began Praying and something told me to just talk and communicate a gut feeling. With my mind I said "I mean you NO harm and want NO harm to come to me, my family, my pets or our home or Property. Please leave us in Peace". The Black Craft was on a straight path to come right over our backyard and as soon as I said that the flight line pattern changed and it flew up higher toward the clouds and went more to the NW more away from our backyard and home. When it was about a half block over the street that is a 4 way cross street above the street all of a sudden when I blinked and looked harder there was a SECOND Black Craft that looked exactly like the first one but there were NO Lights on the outside except for that glowing pinkish, orangish, greenish light glowing from inside that I could barely see in this tiny window that resembled like the top section on what would be a cockpit windshield but it was like a tiny strip of between the Metal areas. On both I could see Lights the first one the lights were lit up like in a Cross Pattern under each wing toward the ends of each end Left and Right. There were these odd Metal like Track Section Systems but it did not look like it was part of anything with wheels like on an Airplane. Also the under section was more like Matte Black not as Dark Black as the top Section more maybe between Matte Dark Gray to Black. I did not notice there were two until it got like I said past the cross street and over the block of houses behind the homes across our street. Within seconds of seeing there were two one went again from gliding slowly along at like 10 mph to over 100+ toward the NW and the Second one still with no lights on except what I could barely see in the small window area went toward the NE. The thing is my neighbors on the corner were outside with their back Patio Light on smoking cigarettes on their Patio and the neighbor behind them were in their yard that late. I don't know who was outside but apparently NONE of them ever looked up and saw them because no one said anything. We all share community fencing and can usually hear one another cough in our backyard. I did not want to be considered the CRAZY lady who thought she was seeing UFO's I almost yelled across the fence but I thought what if they CAN'T see them like I do? What if I point them all out and they don't see anything in the skies. I rushed in and put the dog in the crate and came to our room woke up my Husband and dragged him outside he saw the largest one the White Craft as it was almost too far away but noticed it was not normal Airplane looking and said "What was that?" I told him we'd talk inside and then I explained all what I saw and he said "That was NO Airplane. What was that white thing?" I told him that was just one of the THREE UFO's I'd seen within the few minutes I'd been outside. I don’t know what these were if they are planes I would say they are Military and not something that anyone may have seen yet. I’ve been around airplanes my whole childhood n teen years my dad had his pilots license for years and we flew in many planes and had more than a few when I was growing up. I’ve noticed lately at night things get very quiet certain nights around the Airport but we can still hear odd mechanical whirring noises, really bright lights off in area where they are expanding but no noise or construction sounds but some nights outside you can hear an almost grinding or humming that sounds somewhat metallic off in the SW areas that may be part of the airport but it is heavily wooded areas that are fenced and say No Trespassing Property of US Government or GBush Airport with fencing around them much like what is around the Airport for Security. On more than one occasion in last several months to a year I have felt the ground under our home tremor for few seconds but I was just dismissing it as tremor from Foundation shift w All Storms, Hurricanes and Flooding In some areas near our subdivision. Like I said I don’t know what is going on at the Airport but they’ve recently expanded tons trucks and vehicles in and out through service entrance. Security in black truck behind gate is black Suburban type vehicle or other colored Suburban. I worked in Educational and Healthcare jobs that details were Important so I notice most things more than some people. I don’t know what they are all I want to know is if it’s SAFE to live here, if my family is safe and if I am SAFE after having been anywhere near these things. I am worried about the chemicals I may have been exposed to and the major increase of all the Airplanes that seem to becoming more and more taking off from the George Bush International Airport. Every day it seems they are getting more and more planes and they keep coming in lower and lower some days they come in so low that if I was on the Roof of our home and stood up reached my hand up I would be touching the bottom of the Airplanes as they come in to land. I have noticed more and more Chemtrails in the sky in form of X's and what look like letters either early in morning when Sun comes up or throughout the day. I want to know that my family our pets, neighbors, homes and area of this city are SAFE and if they are dumping Chemtrail Crap all over me my family, our neighborhood, house and city or worse. Please note that at 12:25am on July 8th I contacted the HUFON Group on Facebook and I was sent a response from one of their Team Members that also has Spiritual Gifts and is an Intuitive that told me they who ever or what ever "they" may be are not harmful to me and my family they are basically studying and sight seeing and mean me no harm and not to worry. I then waited until 6:20am on 7/8/19 to contact your Facebook Page and was sent a response from one of your Team Members. I was contacted again today earlier 7/22/19 AM to please come here to MUFON and submit my Statement of what I saw which I am doing now and that it had been assigned or was being assigned to a Case Manager. I am of sound mind, body and spirit. My family and I work hard for what we have, we are good people and try to be good to all those we meet family and friends. With my Native Indian bloodline and ancestry I am not frightened by the Crafts themselves but I am concerned about the type of chemicals and all the chemicals that are choking up our skies in and around our house. I'm concerned about what we are breathing and what type of chemicals whatever these Crafts are for what they may be putting out into our immediate environment where we live. We live a peaceful life, have a blessed Marriage, we are relatively Healthy with things that come with aging, our Pets are healthy and happy and I want to keep it this way for all of us. I am not contacting you for any 15 minutes of Fame in fact I wish to remain Anonymous completely. I just want to know what I have seen, why I am seeing them, why my neighbors didn't and just like the Intuitive from HUFON said they will be coming back and I will most likely see them again. I KNOW they are coming back and I know I will see them again but I want to know what they want with me and I do not under any circumstances want to put my Family in ANY kind of Danger in any way shape or form. I do not want to be targeted for Gang Stalking, Government etc. Like I said I just want to know that my family and myself are SAFE and that we have nothing to worry about. I want no problems with anyone I simply want to know what they were and what I am dealing with and why that is it. Thank you very much for your time I appreciate it very much.
