{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-10 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500286","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58825","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3255,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/286/mufon-5500286.json","updb_database_id":5500286}
{cak} While plane spotting w/binoculars, noticed pink/copper object hovering at altitude

A regular skywatcher, familiar with aircraft shapes during the day, and many light configurations at night watching. Living near the CT-NY border, I see lots of commercial air traffic from La Guardia, Newark, White Plains, and many private places from Danbury airport, which is near my home. As I was watching a Boeing 757 late in the afternoon through my 7 x 50 binoculars, I saw an object hovering as the plane passed overhead (likely at altitude, between 27,000 and 33,000 feet is my guess). At first, the object looked like a black piece of dirt on my lens.

After shaking the binoculars, I could tell the object was quite high up - likely 20,000 fee - up. At first it was difficult to keep the image framed (anyone familiar with optics knows that a small move in the viewing device makes a much larger change at the focal point). The plane had passed, but I kept my eyes on the object, which hovered for a good 3 minutes or more. As it did, it seemed to be rotating slowly, one side seemed to make it look like a black pyramid, but then it looked like a mylar balloon; then, as if the setting sun caught it, it glowed bright pink - copperish color (mostly maintaining a pyramid or diamond shape). Then, as if turning another face towards me, it looked like a surface of silver mylar or tin foil. 

I wondered if it might be trash, or debris from an airliner, kept aloft by the thermals and the wind. But it hovered at a fixed point in space, and after about 3 minutes, it started to move slowly laterally. I Followed it for another minute or so, then a gnat flew into my eye, so I had to put my binocs down to wipe my eyes. When I looked up, it was impossible to see with the naked eye. I looked through the binocs for another 10 minutes to no avail - the object had either gone, or was so small and difficult to locate that I Had to give up.

Having witnessed a daytime orb previously, and having seen a lot of video of orb sightings, I would bet that's what I saw today. Since I have followed Robert Bingham "The UFO Summoner", I have been trying to get sighting results using his summoning technique. To date, I have only had two successes: this April, 2014, and today (August 2014) - if indeed this was one of those 'morphing orbs'. I mention this because it might be useful for other "Skywatchers", to realize that it takes many, MANY hours of skywatching, and you can't always rely on the naked eye. Try using a spyglass, telescope, or other ocular device, and give it 10 minutes in one area, then try another. And another. You never know what you'll see!
