{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526286","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29413","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6217,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/286/mufon-5526286.json","updb_database_id":5526286}
Same Attack since Sept-2006

Same Beings since Sept-2006 usual attack usually once or twice a year. My first attack was Sept-2006. I was on Amtrak enroute to go and work for Homeland Security. I was going to work for US Customs and Border Patrol-Duty Station-Piegan, Montana. Past US Customs ID 194485 Class 626A Sept-2006.

My life was threatened on Amtrak Train in Charlottesville, Virginia. A Black Female on the train told me that I was going to die. I did not know the female. I moved to another area of the train and called 911. I was told by the dispatcher to get off the train at the next stop. I got off the train in Charleston, West Virginia. I was afraid to take a taxi from the station so I attempted to walk to a hotel within site of the Amtrak Station. I went out of the back of the station and walked across railroad tracks. I dropped my pillow and blanket on the tracks and began to run. I ran to the left and attempted to make it to a Bridge. I made it to the bridge area and then my mind goes blank. I wake up at another bridge about 1 or 2 miles from where I was at. I do not know how I got to the other bridge. My clothes were still on and I still had cash in my pants pocket. I still had my black bag with all my personal items in it. I was like in Shock. I began walking down the road and some Police Guy picked me up and all I said to him was to please drive me to a hotel. I got to a small hotel across from the Hospital there in Charleston, West Virginia. I was in shock and I sort-of felt like I had been drugged. I felt like I was being hunted by something. All of my Survival Instincts turned on. I did not feel safe in the hotel that I was at. I began calling Family Members to come and get me. They could not come until 2 days later. I was stuck in Charleston, West Virginia for two nights. I was afraid of something that I cannot even explain and I was cautious of other humans. I feel like I was being hunted and tracked. I made a report with Barbara Inselman at Fort Snelling, MN-Human Resources with Homeland Security. I called US Customs in DC and begged them to come and get me! I called my Duty Station in Piegan, Montana-Don Terry whom is now working and Canada and Begged for someone to come and help me. 

Fact-Something took me from one bridge in Charleston, West Virginia and took me to another bridge about 1 or 2 miles away. My mind is blank-The only physical affect that I have suffered is coming back to NC with Telepathic Abilities. 

Getting back to my attempt to get to my duty station. I made it back to NC from West Virginia. I re-scheduled and tried again. I had no problems until Amtrak Train 29 DC to Chicago. I could not afford to Fly so I was stuck back on Amtrak attempting to make it to Montana. 

On train 29 DC to Chicago I felt like I had been drugged. My heart was skipping beats, my mouth dry and numbness in my head and arms and confusion and slurred speech. I called 911 from the train and was taken to a hospital in Chicago. I told the doctor that I felt like I had been drugged on the train and I was en-route to work for US Customs in Montana. The doctor was a white male in his 40's tall brown hair maybe 6'2 190lbs. I overheard the doctor tell someone in the hallway that he did not want HOMELAND SECURITY in there investigating! When I over heard this I knew I was not going to get the care and test that I needed. I signed myself out of the hospital and put my Customs ID on the paperwork-194485 Class 626A Sept-2006. I stayed at a hotel withing walking distance from the hospital for one night and attempted to treat myself. 

I made it as far as Rugby, North Dakota and called my duty station and told them that I still felt like I was being tracked and hunted and that I felt like I had been drugged. I was told that because I was 2 days late for duty to turn around and go back to NC and start the process over again. 

US Congressman Patrick McHenry attempted to get me re-instated to my same position but some smart ass from Customs in DC sent back a letter indicating that my travel difficulties were not serious enough to give me re-instatement.

I had to call someone in NC and borrow money to rent a car to get back to NC. I had spent everything I had to make it to Montana. I rented a car from Minot, North Dakota-the first rental car place as you walk in the door to the left. They would not give me a car-even though they had a parking lot filled with cars. They insisted that I drive a White Van with Virginia Tags on it back to NC. I found this STRANGE. Before I left North Dakota I called DON TERRY at my duty station in PIEGAN MONTANA and told him the tag number on the Van. I felt like the damn thing was going to blow up and it had been sprayed down with something. 

I am leaving out details because I am being rushed to get off the computer. I am at a cookout at my boyfriends sisters house. 

Since Sept-2006 I have been attacked by these beings 1 or 2 times a year.

These beings may appear as Shadows, Lights, Orbs, or Grey Like Beings. They have put something in my Right EAR. These beings touch me..they can basically do what they want to me and my own boyfriend is laying beside of me not knowing a damn thing is going on. I can feel when these beings are around and they have been back since Feb-05-2011. These beings can also jump into other humans and their eye color will change. These beings are coming in stages and then leaving. 

I am having to get off the computer..If there is anyone out in this world that is going through what I am please e-mail me at [email removed/cms/tg]

Sincerely, Amy in NC
