{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-23 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473286","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87108","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2337,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/286/mufon-5473286.json","updb_database_id":5473286}
{dr}Multiple lights very high up darting back and forth. They would fade out and re-appear. Some would move fast others slower

It was the night of September 23, 2017 about 8:45 pm. We were waiting for the impending fountain extravaganza at Longwood Gardens in the town of Kennett Square, Pennsylvania which begins at 9:30 pm.

We were all lying on blankets on our backs waiting for the show to begin when I saw out of the corner of my eye what looked like a meteorite. I announced it to the other 3 people who were there and then started looking for more possible meteorites. What I saw immediately ended up looking very strange. There were about 8 moving lights in the sky, all darting or zig-zagging back and forth. They would move across the heavens, fade out, and then some would re-appear in a few minutes in ones and twos, each time shooting across the sky in different directions and speeds, some red, some white. They looked like meteorites except they definitely weren't because they lingered for 10-15 seconds, traveled at varying speeds and went in all different directions. They could be distinguished from planes which were just bright lights moving steadily across the sky and stars which were fixed points of light. It was a cloudless night and these were evidently very high up. All four of us saw the same lights at the same time. This kept happening for about a half hour or until the fountain show began.

I called Longwood Gardens and asked them whether they utilized any laser lights for their show. They said no. I went online to see whether there were any reports of UFO sightings in the same vicinity. Again, nothing.

We are mystified by this occurrence and have no plausible explanation for what we all saw.
