{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-18 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509286","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49151","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3112,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/286/mufon-5509286.json","updb_database_id":5509286}
Spotted lights after viewing camera images when I came back home

First of all let me say I am NOT saying this is a UFO or many UFOs or anything such, heck I am not even saying its a flying object, I will upload the files here and you can judge for yourself and if possible please tell me what the heck it is!

This was during my vacation just a few days back, we went to Venice - Italy and I was on a boat which would take us to our stop (its like a bus service, but with boats, a "water bus"), I stood up, pointed my camera out of the window (there was no glass in front of me, my camera was dangling over the water) and took three pictures of a building.

I did not see nor notice anything unusual.

After spending 3 more days there I came back home and put the memory card in the reader and was going through my pictures when I noticed some triangle lights in one of the pictures.
I immediately looked at the other two pictures I had of that set and I spotted the lights again, but they had moved...

I called my family and we stared at the pictures trying to guess what could have made those lights and started ruling out stuff:
they are not stars
nor a reflection from the window (head was out of the window) / water (I was over 10ft above).

It just looked weird, especially the perfect triangle lights.

The strange thing is we all (around 3 of my family and other passengers on the boat) looked out of the boat window and didn't notice any of these "things" / lights, it only showed up later when I took the memory card from the camera.

I will attach the raw images that I took with my camera (Canon 5D Mark 3 using a Canon 50mm 1.4 prime lens)
I swear they are untouched by me or anyone else, and would just like to know what it is.

Thanks!
R

Note: these are "raw" .cr2 files, you will need a professional editing program like Lightroom or Adobe Bridge or Canons own free software to open and view the files.
I did not convert it to JPG or anything else before sending it to you so you can have all the data from the pictures.
If you find out something, PLEASE let me know, even if its something silly like flares (unlikely) or planets (even more unlikely) or little green glowing men :))
