{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-11-08 02:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528286","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27300","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4754,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/286/mufon-5528286.json","updb_database_id":5528286}
Extremely bright light hoovering on/over the water, couldn't see object light was to bright.

November 8, 2007 I was upstairs in my home, working on my computer. The room I was in has a window that faces east. It also faces the river that sits behind my property. I needed to use the bathroom, so at exactly 2:45 A.M. I got up from my desk and proceeded to walk down stairs. I stopped at the window to look out at the stars (as I always do) and saw nothing, but a clear sky and stars. I continued down the stairs, used the bathroom and within roughly 3 minutes was walking back up the stairs. When I got back to the window, there, sitting on top of the water was an extremely bright light. This light was about 600-700 feet away from my property, but was hoovering just above the water. I've lived here all my life and have never seen anything like this ever. The first thing I did was look up to the sky and to my grandmother said, "Nana I am so sorry I didn't believe you". 

With that said, I ran for my camera which had a dead battery. I plugged it in then went outside. It was very cold that night, I ran down to the water and in my backyard stood on top of my firepit to get a better/clearer look. I tried so hard to get my eyes to focus on the source of this extremely bright light, but I could not see anything, the light was to blinding. So bright that it lit up a large area of the river. I watch this object for about 10 minutes outside, then ran back in my house to see if my camera was charged enough to get some video, and it was. I took about 12 minutes of video before the tape ran out. But I watched this light slowly rise upward in a southeast direction. By 7:00 am the object could still been seen, it was the only object left in the sky but now it was so high that it appeared to be nothing more than a star. Then it just disappeared. The object on the river made no noise, had no smell. I believe whatever it was could see me just as I could them, but did not in anyway bother me.

Although what I am about to say may seem strange to some, but what I saw that night hoovering over the river, was one of the most beautiful things I'd ever seen in my life. For some reason I was not afraid, I was, and still am, amazed at this phenomenon. 

From Nov. 8, 2007 until Jan. 2008 there were 3 strange objects in the sky. We, my family and I watched them fly in from the northern sky as early as 6:00 P.M, and they would stay until day break. For almost 3 months, night after night two of them would stay high in the sky, looking like stars, while the 3rd UFO would slowly make it's way down towards the water, but never coming as close to the river as it did that night on Nov. 8, 2007. Erratic movements, up and down, back and fourth very quickly, was the way these objects moved. Being as high as they were at times, if you gave them a quick look one would think they were stars, until they moved, it was only then that you could see they were nothing like anything we have on earth. And, at times they seemed to try and hide within the constellations. 

It was on or around Nov. 19, 2007 9:00 pm while standing on my back steps facing east watching the 3 UFO's, when something big and dark caught my eye flying south, but coming from the north sky. I turned around and as I looked up, I saw a diamond shaped, black object, with 4 white lights, one light at each point of the craft. This object flew over my house and my neighbors houses. I did not get a picture or video of this but I will never forget what it looked liked. Nor will I ever forget that bright light on the water. Since that night and the nights that followed I have seen more UFO's in my area. I only wish I would have listened to my grandmother who told me about these UFO's visiting our small town over 35 years ago... There are two photos attched to this story, they were taking from my backyard, with a samsung digital video camera on November 8 2007.
