{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521286","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34981","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2194,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/286/mufon-5521286.json","updb_database_id":5521286}
I witnessed 2 orange lights

I was driving on the 10 freeway when I noticed there was a blimp in the sky. I was at the interchange when it had turned around and headed north away from the direction I was traveling. When I got off the freeway I noticed in the distance two orange lights heading towards me. when they had passed my car I noticed they were hovering. I turned my car around and headed towards them. I was next a bunch of power lines. They were right above my car. They were hovering but instead of going north they were slightly moving south. There was nothing that I could see between the objects. For some strange reason, I wasnt scared. I almost don't believe what I saw. It is hard for me to even fathom what they could have been. I know that they had nothing to do with the blimp I had seen. I watched the blimp turn and go the other direction. These two objects stayed the same distance apart the whole time and there was nothing between them. I thought to myself that they may have observed the blimp but when I went to fill this form out, one of the options were power lines. The street I turned down has a power plant on it. Maybe it had to do with the power lines. Whatever they were, they were right above my car. I rolled down my window and looked up, looked around to see if anyone else was around me to witness this and also noticed there was no sound. I drove from it feeling a bit nervous, looked back and they were moving west and I lost sight of them because of an apartment complex. I went to grab my mom and drove around with her to look for them but they were gone.
