{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505286","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2923,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/286/mufon-5505286.json","updb_database_id":5505286}
{rjl} Observed a sphere directly above my vehicle as I drove. It hovered over and moved with me down the highway.

I was on my way to a doll show, which was being held at a church in Morah, MN. I had decided that I would go down the night before, as I needed to set the show set up early in the morning. 
I was driving a one-ton van. The night was warm - August. I don't really remember if it was cloudy or clear, but it must have been cloudy, as evidenced by what follows. 
As I drove, I noticed a sign that said, Morah 16 miles. It may have been 12 miles or 18 miles, but something like that. This prompted me to look at the clock on the dash. It was about 2:15 AM. I remember thinking, "Good. I will be there in time to get a few hours' sleep." 
I noticed that the sky lightened in the distance, and I thought, "Good. Rain coming. People won't be able to work in their yards and gardens, which will make them more likely to attend the show." From my experience, snow keeps people from a show, while rain increases attendance.
A minute or so later the sky lightened (lightning) very near me, and I saw the sphere above me. It was probably about 12 - 20 feet off the ground, which made it very near my windshield - maybe 3-6 feet. It was huge, flat gray, no visible features. It is hard to estimate size, as it was so close to me that I could not tell where it started or ended. It was just a big ball, moving down the highway with me at extremely close range. 
I was quite excited. I thought that I would pull over, so I slowed down, applied the brake, and began to pull off onto the shoulder, but then I got scared and pulled back out onto the highway. I went on to the show and arrived there about 4 AM, or later, in the morning. I am a bit confused about the exact time, but I am sure of the time of the sighting - 2:15 AM. The time when I arrived in Morah, approximately 15 miles away, was a lot later than it should have been. 
Strangely, I don't remember the thing leaving, or lifting off, or disappearing. I just drove on. A weird coincidence was that a womon who set up directly across from me at the show was a member of Nebraska's MUFON, and was selling Klingon dolls. She talked a lot about UFO's and I am sorry now, that I did not tell her about the sighting. I was afraid that she would think I was making it up.
