{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-17 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497809","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2765,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/809/mufon-5497809.json","updb_database_id":5497809}
Ufo headed headed towards our direction and just stopped in mid air above flats and houses, then after few moments accelerated in another direction

My family and I were leaving the cinema in Wimbledon town centre about 11.10pm and were walking to the car park at the rear . Whist we were all chatting and walking into the car park my sister made a comment about what a strange looking plane that was. We all looked up ahead and across the main one way street in the town centre were fixed green and red lights which looked to be heading towards us. 
I knew it wasn't a plane as worked at the airport for years and these lights were not a commercial plane. We all stood trying to work out what is was but in my mind I could only think it must be a helicopter but even still, something seemed odd with the lights illumination and the fact there was no noise. Although we thought it was heading towards us and were expecting it to come pass overhead, I suddenly realised it was just hoovering still in mid air just above and set back behind some 3 story flats just off the main one way road. It was a dark night with low clouds (no visible stars) and hazy which you could see from the red and green lights . At this point we were all starting to realise something was just wrong with what we thought it should or could be and were questioning what the hell it was. I started to walk closer to see if I could try see the shape of the silhouette the lights were attached to but within moments the object suddenly accelerated from its stationary position, seamlessly and silently changing direction and now moving along the same direction of the the one street and disappeared out of view behind the buildings located on this street. 

I called 999 not for assistance but to see if any other reports had been made they explained what we had seen but they were only able to transfer my call either to emergency services or ambulance and as had now disappeared, I decided not to bother the police as doubted they could do little about it anyway. 

I looked on the internet today and found 10 sightings were reported in the area just 3 weeks ago with no conclusion to the sightings
