{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-01 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502809","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/809/mufon-5502809.json","updb_database_id":5502809}
{cak} Floating balls on long straight rods that ended in abnormally large strobe light

I was driving to my parents and running late for an event that we had planned. I was driving from the Raymond area down 102 through Chester heading towards Derry. I saw it above the road close to the big tower with the red light on it. It was dusk and I could see this object pretty clearly. It looked like a series of over grown ping pong balls that were the size of a tennis ball. They were strung together via a link of rods and looked similar to an over grown version of a model that a chemist would make. They looked like all one piece. They had a faint glow. The reason it struck my curiosity was because instead of just falling from the sky, it was just floating down gently as if catching a breeze. There were other cars in front and back of me that most likely saw it too. I kind of blew it off because I thought that maybe it was a weather testing thing that the state or Federal Govt. was using. Later that night (some time between 12am and 2 am) I drove by the same area where the object was floating down towards and I saw an unusually bright pulsing light. I don't know if it was related but I travel that road often and have never seen it before in my over 20 years of traveling that route. The light was so bright that it lit up the street like day time. I was afraid to drive up the side road to see what it was. I continued down 102 and spoke to the police officer who was on duty that night, he was sitting in his cruiser near Chester center. I told him of it and he seemed very disinterested. He stated that there is always a light near that tower. Actually, he was right...it is a small red light, but this was a giant white pulsating light. I don't think he investigated it. I am not sure. A few days later I was driving route 102 again. I decided to cut thru the side road to the tower and see if I could see anything. I was across from the field where the incident occurred and saw a neighbor out in the yard. I told him of the situation and he stated he didn't see any big light.
