{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-18 20:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492809","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66718","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/809/mufon-5492809.json","updb_database_id":5492809}
{dr}Multiple lights appear in a small section of sky. They hover, then shift position, then repeat.

A friend and I were on our way to a Green Day concert at the LA Sports Arena, which we had received free tickets to. We were on the 110 freeway heading south/southeast from the Northridge area. A few miles prior to exiting the freeway (I don't recall the exact exit), we hit pretty severe traffic. A few minutes into the excrutiating stop-and-go (mainly stop) traffic, my buddy (the driver, as well as person who introduced me to Hangar 1 as well as AnonymousFO) said "Whoa, dude! What are those?!" He pointed towards the Eastern sky at 3 orange-ish/yellow-ish lights which formed the recurring triangle shape we see so often. My initial thought was that it must be military or show planes or helicopters flying together, as that's a fairly common occurrence. But after a solid couple minutes of watching, I realized they were hovering. They hadn't moved even slightly in the sky. Keep in mind we were stopped in traffic, so after that amount of time, any craft I know of would have changed its location in the sky. Then, within 2-3 minutes of my friend and I coming to the conclusion that we were finally witnessing the UFO triangle formation first-hand, and being quite ecstatic about that, more lights starting appearing out of nowhere. They didn't gradually get bright, they just appeared instantaneously. Within minutes, there were 13-15 lights all in one small section of sky. At this point, they would all sit stationary for a bit, then all at once shift positions slightly, sit sationsru again, and so on. I was able to snap a series of pictures, though they are on an older iPhone and the camera quality isn't the greatest. My friend and I were the two happiest guys in the world for days after that. I'm a huge believer that we not only are not alone, but that extraterrestrials have been deeply involved in our progress as a species for probably as long as we've been around. I do not know how long the lights were visible in the sky, nor if more appeared or anything. We reached our freeway exit and the lights went out of view from that point on.
