{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527809","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27805","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2704,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/809/mufon-5527809.json","updb_database_id":5527809}
Bright white cigar shaped object moving steadily across the sky

At first I was not going to file a report because I have no idea what it was I saw, then I recognized the irony of that, so here goes. I was dropping my dog off at the kennel a little after 3:00 pm. I had gotten out of my car and just happened to look up. The sky was mostly clear with a few patches of cirrus type clouds. The object was in a clear area of the sky but close enough to a bank of clouds to tell that it was at a lower altitude. The object looked like a bright white dash (just like this: - ) with slightly rounded ends. It was so bright it almost appeared to be glowing. From my perspective, it would have been a little less than 1/2 an inch long. There was no contrail, no sound, no wings, tail or markings. It was not moving quickly, so I watched, trying to figure out what it might be. After a minute or two, it simply faded out of sight. It did not move behind clouds, or leave my field of vision, it faded out. I instantly recalled an incident from the summer of 1978 when I saw exactly the same thing. I was laying in the grass staring up at the sky. Oddly enough it would have been around 3:00 pm then as well. I saw a bright white cigar shaped object moving through a perfectly blue, cloudless sky. It would have been very close to the same size and shape and moving at roughly the same rate of speed. I watched it cross the sky until it went behind some hills and out of my field of vision. I had the same thoughts as a girl that I had this time, just trying to figure out what I was looking at, curious and a little bewildered. I assumed it was probably a plane. I am assuming there is a man-made answer this time as well. I have seen some pictures on this site that resemble what I saw. (sorry, no pics--I didn't have a camera at hand.) You guys are the experts, and I am sure that if it is something normal you have already seen it enough times to have figured that out. I would appreciate you letting me know. Feel free to contact me via e-mail as I am harder to catch by phone. And my heartfelt thanks for the work you do!
