{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-04 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289809","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113544","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3038,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/809/mufon-5289809.json","updb_database_id":5289809}
Size of star, moving in various directions

As I was leaving my parents house to go back to my roommates house, I decided to look up because the sky was extremely clear and the stars were beautiful. As i kept looking I fixated on this one "star" and noticed it was moving erratically in multiple different directions. I used actual stars surrounding it as a point of reference and it was in fact moving. I kept staring at it just observing its movement patterns for about a half hour until my neck started to hurt from looking upwards. I was trying to telepathically communicate to it saying, "If you can hear me show me a sign and move more erratically, I'm peaceful but I need to know what is going on". It seemed to move more as I talked to it, however as it was as small as a star, it was moving only within a good inch of the sky from where i was standing, it didn't take off in any direction it just kept moving within that inch of the sky, left, right, up down, diagonal etc. I went back inside to tell my parents because I was in shock, I have never actually seen a UFO before however I've always wanted to. First my mother came out to look and she and my father are both skeptics however she saw it moving just the same as I did. Then she went back inside and my father came out who is more of a skeptic than she, and he confirmed the same thing. I kept staring at it just trying to observe its motions, and again it must have been EXTREMELY high up in the sky. At one point i saw it "shoot out" multiple much smaller lights that were buzzing around it in a larger radius. These lights were much brighter, not orange. They looked more like stars do. These much smaller lights were not apparent the entire time like the larger one was, they would disappear then reappear again randomly in various locations. I then left to go back to my roommates house and as i was pulling out of my drive way I called my roommate William (or Ben) and told him everything I saw, i was shaken at this point and was super excited. I told him the exact location of where to look ( to the right of the constellation Orion, and SouthWest of the little dipper, and to the left of two other vertical stars). He and my other roommate Frank went outside to look where I told them and as I was driving, William texted me that he saw them too, plural, he apparently saw more of them than I did and actually in a slightly different location than I described.
