{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-07-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512809","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/809/mufon-5512809.json","updb_database_id":5512809}
{nd} Apparently a metallic vehicle, silent and stationary, bright colored hull pulsing on eastward side.

We were at Grosvenors Arch,Utah,Latitude: 37-2724 N, Longitude:111-4954," July, 1999. We were about to camp for the night in this isolated area with dirt roads. We were on a slight hill. Visibility was excellent and the sun was still about an hour above the horizon; there were no clouds in the sky and no moon. I was cooking and my son was looking about. He pointed out a strange, stationary and silent vessel about 1/3 mile NNW and roughly 80-100 feet high.
 My son took this seriously and filmed the object with 8mm for a few seconds,zooming in and out, but was evidently so upset he quickly put the camera down. (Later he said he thought he filmed longer.) I could not cope at all and went into denial, thinking or hoping it must be some bizarre cloud.
 Then my son says "Its gone!" I look up and sure enough only the sun is in the sky. I check very carefully but it is gone. But moments later he spots it again, much further to the west now, but still low-maybe 5 or 10 degrees above the horizon. He films it, but again, only for a few seconds. We briefly look away, and when we look back, it is gone, this time for good. We never saw how it moved. I became a bit anxious and stayed up late that night and basically resented the object.
 Later we studied the tape, but it would only sharply focus when using one TV/VCR combination, which was my uncles in San Antonio (I believe it was Sony, like the camera). When we showed it there my uncle and his wife could not or would not even make a comment. This is what we saw: 
 This was a vessel about 40 feet long at the bottom, and 30 to 35 feet along the top, such that the sides sloped. It appeared to be a section of a cone, perpendicular to the base- that is, the classic saucer shape, circular if seen from the top or bottom. This seemed so because the sunlight from the west, or left side, gets dimmer from the left to the right. Just left of center is a dark square, like an intake or a window. This square is totally dark, as if light will not reflect here or is being sucked in. Most of the hull is a bright color, a sort of silvery white. But this is in a slight state of flux, with the brightness varying irregularly along the surface. On the top is a slight protrusion of a gray color, but this color is also in flux, becoming slightly darker at what appear to be random intervals. Most interesting is that on the right, or eastward side, the craft appears to pulse or vibrate many times per second in a shadowy manner. It was only years later it occurred to me that the light reaching the camera was bent in a rapid pulse- the craft itself was probably not vibrating.
 I tended to obsess a bit about the sighting, watching the film over and over, whereas my son would not talk about it. I had a Toshiba TV and a Sharp VCR, which gave a decent picture, but not as clear as my uncles equipment. I only told a few people I knew well and then only if I could show it on their sets- most of which gave a picture slightly less good than my Toshiba.
 I now only have a weak copy of the vessel I had transferred from the VCR tape onto a DVD disc. Have not seen the original film for years.
