{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-05 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291809","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111521","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/809/mufon-5291809.json","updb_database_id":5291809}
multiple sightings over 4 days including massive formations in space

UFO sightings Gulf Shores 

From 5SEPT2020 to 12SEPT2020 I was staying at a shorefront beach house with my family at Gulf Shores Alabama (dodged the hurricane my god...) At night I'd always go out and skywatch using my PVS-7 NVGs. Unfortunately it wasn't until after I saw these occurrences that I thought to hold my phone camera to an eye piece on the NVGs but days following these sightings I wasn't fortunate enough to witness anything else. Keep in mind when viewing space using NVGs, most everything is a star-like dot. All sightings aside from a meteor were only viewable using NVGs, I could not see any of the lights with my naked eyes.

5SEPT2020

The first was moving like a satellite and then stopped completely in one position for a few seconds and then started another direction and stopped again for a few more seconds, it repeated this a few times and then disappeared behind the cloud layer. 

The second was a giant V formation (like a flock of glowing geese in space) going along extremely fast North to South and had to be at least 30 dots all in one line with slight deviance in formation as it moved while still retaining a strong "V" shape. Very similar to the Lubbock Lights but bigger and 1, not 2 rows. I watched this from about 120 degrees North all the way til it disappeared about 20 degrees South. Seeing that one made me “WTF” out loud.

The 3rd was a pair of lights very close to each other like a couple of planes would fly in formation moving in a very slight arc Southeast to East. They too were extremely fast and above the cloud layer, there was no sound heard.

September 6

Single light no movement, flashing, and had a steady pace consistently, figured it was a satellite spinning.

Single light heading south to north, sharp slight changes in direction as if drunkenly following a line.

September 7

9o’clock p.m. Further out and up over the Gulf a small formation of maybe 10 dots moving East to West super high up and in a line formation. not as fast moving as the "V" formation I previously had seen (not column like the Starlink satellites), I had my wife and an Army buddy with me at that time and made sure to pass the NVGs to them as quick as I could so there'd be more witnesses to it. They both confirmed what I was seeing.

Saw a massive meteor breaking apart into pieces for a good 3 seconds. I was really surprised at all the large pieces breaking off, it was some real apocalyptical looking stuff.

September 8

7:50pm saw lots of satellites and one dot moving slightly faster in a line and then did an “S” move then Continued straight. similar to the one I saw on Sept 6th but its "S" move seemed more deliberate instead of a shaky movement.
