{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-31 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454779","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3193,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/779/mufon-5454779.json","updb_database_id":5454779}
{jpg} Two lights came down directly to me 2-3 ft from my face for a good 5 mins then went past me when I yelled for someone to look it shot up 500 mph

It was very dark out and as I walked outside to take pictures of the moon to my left about  25 ft away there were two clusters of white lights descending down from top of pole they floated one behind the other about one ft apart the first one came right to my face navigating around a truck to do so.... We stared at one another the lights change to a slow pulsating of the white/ yellow and an orange going slower around. I could see the top because it was so close and the lights it was a silver metallic liquid it was fluid Like a mercury it was just a dome.I could not see this dome until it stopped and the lights changed .. I had my camera in my hand but could not or would not take my eyes off this thing that was right eye level to me...after several minutes it changed lights and floated off to the right the other one was still beside/ behind it and before it got to me I took my camera aimed and shoot multiple pictures then ran into the house to get my phone and call my Father who lived in front of me when I came out the second one was just past where I had been standing and the other one had gone all the way across our field and almost to the tree line.... My dad came outside but was quite a distance from us... At this time I was on the opposite side of the object walking towards my father on the phone asking him “ Do you see that”.?  When I raised my voice and said “Dad do you not see that.” This thing flipped up was the shape of a triangle blacker than the night and silently shot straight up into the sky.....Faster than anything and was gone..... No noise no breeze no nothing..... I tried to convince myself of anything possible it was because it was just mind blowing to process but The way it flipped up and shot up in the air I could not explain that away... I use to be an avid outdoor photographer and the moon was my favorite subject for years after this incident I DO NOT take pictures in my yard at night. I retrieved the pictures from my camera and all pictures were solid black... It was intelligent it was peaceful Something either in it or remotely was seeing me it knew when I came out my door it came straight to me and when I yelled for the first time it took off.... when I was eye to the dome with this thing I was mesmerized in awe not so much scared but I wasn’t going to look away...after I came back in the door then I began to shake and eyes started to cry it was an overwhelming experience...
