{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-02 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512779","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3050,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/779/mufon-5512779.json","updb_database_id":5512779}
My dad was excersizing outside when he saw 3 objects that gave off light and were hovering in a triangular formation. He came inside and told me. They were very bright and clear, but certain abilities on my phone camera were disabled, such as flash.

I was playing Monopoly with my little sister inside the house and my dad was outside excersizing, when he came into the house looking excited. He told me he'd seen UFOs. He showed them to me outside the window in my room. When I saw them, I knew they were UFOs;they looked very clear. I ran out of the house with my little sister and my dad. The objects were still there, hovering in the sky. They were in a triangular formation, and the smallest one that looked like a tiny sphere slowly came kept moving closer and then farther from the largest one that looked like a triangle. The triangular UFO flashed all sorts of lights very quickly. The small one also gave off differnt colors, but it changed colors slowly. The one on the bottom of the formation was shaped like a disk, and it gave off purple and blue lights. They were close to us at first, nearly overhead, but they slowly flew Northeast, still in the same triangular formation, until they were out of sight. We tried to take pictures of course, my dad using his digital camera and me using my phone. We couldn't get any good pictures except for one, theough. They were too far away. For some reason, many abilities on the camera on my phone couldn't be used, such as flash and color effect. They worked fine when the UFOs went away. At first, I was extremely excited. But later, couldn't stop staring at the bright lights and I was so distracted I forgot didn't remember to check the time until 8:20. Luckily, my dad remembered the time he first saw them. A few people passed us, and they looked up to see what we were trying so hard to get a picture of. Some of them gave us funny looks, as if tring to take pictures of a UFO was the most unusual thing to do. Nobody else got excited about them. I wondered if any of them were aliens in disguise.
