{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-10-15 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500779","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58308","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/779/mufon-5500779.json","updb_database_id":5500779}
{rjl} Happened every other night or every third night for two to two and a half weeks always in same spot. lights on periphery flashed in unison. no sound.

In mid october 1983 my wife and I had been hunting locally and had come home at dark. about 2A.M. I went outside to look at the stars. I was looking south and to the east in my peripheral vision I saw a flash. When I looked at the spot where I saw the flash there was a oval black shape.
I went in the house and got my wife. We went out and it was still there.
I got my binoculars (10x50) from our truck and got a really good look.
It was the bottom of a round solid object we were looking at. There were
lights around the periphery and they flashed in unison at about 1 to 2 second intervals. After a couple of hours of watching it we got tired of 
looking at it and went back inside. I called the sherrifs dept. told them what we saw and asked if we were the only ones to report it. The response was that there were many reports. That made us feel much better.
 Now the story gets more interesting. The next night we watched for it again but no luck. But the third night it was back in exactly the same spot. For the next two to two and half weeks it was back every other or
every third night always in the same spot about one to two miles away,
it was quite large at least one hundred yards in diameter probobly
larger. The lights always flashed together and it was completly silent.
We never saw it come or go even though we watched it for hours. To this day it has never returned. We know our sighting was real because we were not the only people to see it, we could see the hull clearly with binoculars, and it blocked out many stars and we saw it on many nights.
We also called the planitarium and they also had many reports of people seeing it.
 Even though this happened more than thirty years ago I am reporting the 
sighting because my report adds to the overall data base and it might cooberate someone else's report.
