{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-12 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502779","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56213","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/779/mufon-5502779.json","updb_database_id":5502779}
I noticed these really bright lights above the tree in front of my place, I knew it was not a plane because it was too bright and it hovered there.

Earlier that evening me and my boyfriend were at a friends place who lived about ten minutes away from us. We had a few drinks at this friends place and did not get home until around 3am. I had decided to go out for a smoke before I went to bed and went outside our place to the front steps. Our street is very very dark there are no street lamps at all. I looked up and noticed these really bright lights. I thought, that can't be a plane because its way too bright, so I ran inside and tried to get my husband to come out and look, he suggested I get it on my phone and thought what a great idea and grabbed my phone and went back out onto the front steps. I staggered down to get better video footage and decided that I might get better footage on the top steps and went back to the top step and kept recording. I was trying to zoom my camera in and out and because I was intoxicated I continued to move the phone around trying to focus. The object hovered there the entire time I was recording. The object did not move at all and made no noise at all. I was amazed and my heart was beating so fast because I knew that this had to be a UFO there was no other explanation. There was no cars driving by at all and it was dark and quiet outside my place. after about ten minutes I went back inside to see what my boyfriend was doing and woke him up to show him the footage. He became excited as I was and couldn't believe it. We both went outside for a smoke and the sky was becoming daylight and we heard jets flying above us and thought that was odd. We called our friends who;s place were were at earlier that night to tell them because we couldn't believe it.
The reason I am sending this is because I want to know weather this was a UFO sighting or not.
