{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-15 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481779","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78205","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4444,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/779/mufon-5481779.json","updb_database_id":5481779}
{dr}We saw two tan colored objects spaced about 30 seconds apart on one day. Three or four days later we saw a similar object. They were tan in color and shaped like a small blimp. There was no sound and no obserable appendages.

On or about June 15, 2016, while sitting on our deck, my wife and I observed an object(s) to the west of our house at around 11:30 AM. It was a sunny day with no clouds and no planes or other objects were evident. The object looked like a small blimp. I likened it to a caplet or oval shaped tablet. It was tan in color, did not reflect sunlight and had no observable appendages; no wings, no propeller, no windows, no tail fin. There were no markings or lettering or painted images on it; just a flat tan color. It made no sound that we could hear. It was moving from a southwesterly direction to the northwest. I would estimate the speed at about that of a small personal aircraft. It just appeared to be gliding along. We were talking about it while it was still in view when another craft of the same description drifted into our view, traveling in the same direction. It also was the same shape, color and made no sound. We watched these objects until they went out of sight, one behind the other. I would guess the entire episode lasted one to one and a half minutes.

Approximately five days later, on or about June 20, 2016, at approximately 4:30 PM we were sitting on the front stoop of our home and observed another one of these objects. It was the same shape and color as described above. Again, there was no sound that we could hear. This object was moving from the south to the north. It's path would have taken it directly over the community in which we live. On this day, however, there were some thin scattered clouds. This object appeared to be a bit lower in the sky and appeared to be traveling a little faster than the previously observed objects. While we were watching this object, it suddenly emitted a contrail which caused my wife to exclaim, "Oh my god, did you see that?" Yes, I saw it. The contrail lasted but a split second and the object continued it's flight path. I could not detect that the object gained any speed, however. I ran into the house and got my binoculars. By this time the object had moved a greater distance away and was beginning to enter some cloud coverage. I only found it briefly with my binoculars and the image was so shaky I could hardly see it clearly. I think I saw what appeared to be a short, stubby wing in the center of the object. Whether this was my imagination or factual, I don't know. The duration of this sighting was a minute, perhaps less.

My wife and I have discussed these two events on several occasions. The mystery to me is how the craft could remain airborne and move with no apparent or observable mode of propulsion, except for the contrail we observed on the second sighting. As I have stated, there was absolutely nothing on the exterior of the object. There was nothing that I could see that could stabilize or keep the object on a straight course. Furthermore, I could not detect any cockpit or area from which someone flying the craft could see out. The fact that there was no sound only adds to the mystery. I have seen commercial airplanes so high in the sky they were nothing but dots. And yet, I most generally always hear a faint, almost imperceptible rumble as they pass overhead. But not these objects. There was no sound, whatsoever. 

I have debated with myself for some time as to whether or not I should report what we observed. But because I find myself thinking about them often and wondering what in the world we saw, I decided to file a report, even though almost two months has pasted. My hope is that perhaps someone else in this region saw them, too. And if so, I hope they have or will report their sightings as well.
