{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-25 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517779","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/779/mufon-5517779.json","updb_database_id":5517779}
{nd} White red white flashing then changed to a spinning ferriss wheel white

Saw the same object twice. First time the end of February. Stepped out on my back porch maybe midnight- 1 am. I saw some lights flashing to the SW. Red and white. Headed north. I thought it looked pretty much like a plane. Slow moving. No leaves on the trees, but the trees were obscuring my view a bit. I really wasnt paying much attention until suddenly the lights I had been watching went out and to the rear of those there was a sudden circular pattern of white lights. Maybe six or seven. They lit up in sequence. Very fast. 4 0r 5 times it went around then POOF. Just disappeared. The whole thing lasted maybe 45 seconds and I really didn't get a clear view. Just looked weird. Like a Ferris wheel in the sky and then nothing. I thought it was strange at the time, but didn't really get a good look.

About a month later same scenario. Same time. I stepped out for a breath of air and this time it was SSE moving towards the NE. Watched for about 3 minutes. It was above the treeline and I got a good look. White light on top then red lower and slightly ahead then white lower. Looked very airplane like except the lights were separated vertically by more than a distant plane could be. I watched it for a couple of minutes or more. Same pattern. White, red, white. Once again I thought it looked a little strange, and then suddenly like the other time the front lights went out and to the rear there was this circular display. Very fast. Maybe 6 or 8 white lights in a circular pattern. Not sure if they went clockwise or counter. Just like the other time they ripped around several times for a few seconds and then nothing. All lights disappeared. Had a pretty good look the second time. Never saw a structure. Just lights. Never saw anything in the papers or TV about it. Still, I don't know of anything that has a vertical light display like that. And Im pretty sure that airplanes just don't turn off their lights and disappear. I don't know. Might be an explanation. Looked strange to me though.
