{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503779","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55143","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2640,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/779/mufon-5503779.json","updb_database_id":5503779}
{dr}No visual sighting; unusual sound only

Awakened at 2am Sept 23, 2013 by very loud sound like a fax signal, followed by a string of sounds similar to that of morse code, only much louder, sharper, varying in tone and almost metallic sounding-very crisp and rapid and loud. Went to the screen door of my room that opens to the outside facing north, slid open sliding screen and looked out. Sound was very loud and was coming from directly overhead. There was no light, totally dark. Could not see directly overhead because of porch roof, and was afraid to go outside. Sound suddenly stopped. Stood there wondering what has just happened. Looked to the north into the sedge meadow, nothing visible. Totally soundless--usually there are night sounds in the wetland--at least insects. Dead quiet. Then I heard the fax signal followed by the electronic sequence again, only this time farther away, out over the sedge meadow. It is a conservation area of 475 acres and there is nothing there. Could see no object associated with the sounds. The time lapse between the first sequence that was right over head, and the second sequence out in the wetland, was only about 10 seconds. I listened and the signal lasted a few minutes. Then a few seconds later, I heard it again, only much fainter and farther away. Then it stopped. At that point I had to attend to my dog who was upset, and went back to her on the bed

October 8, 2013--Awakened at 1:57 am by the fax signal again. Ran to door and opened the sliding glass door and screen door, looked out. Sound again coming very loud from over head. Clear night, frost. Afraid to go out and look. The sequence of signals lasted until 2:04 am. Then moved a few seconds later to the north. Repeated. Moved again to the north, repeated. This continued until no longer audible. Could see no object that could be source of the signal. These events recurred into November, but coming progressively further from the east, moving north. Always at or near 2 am. Like something flying a grid, and signaling at intervals.
