{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493779","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10191,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/779/mufon-5493779.json","updb_database_id":5493779}
{rjl} Urge to camp led to a sighting and interaction that I will never forget.

Had an urge to camp, and a strange sequence of events led to me camping on the weekend of July 25, 2014 with my family. A series of events led to us ending up camping on the side of the mountain, along the Nisqually river on the primitive, free campsites, due to the campground being fully booked. 

At night, my wife and kids went to sleep, and I went with them. Me and my wife were on our backs, looking towards the sky through the tent skyview (netting top to the tent that you can see through). It was approximately 09:00 pm. We both watched as a brilliant, white spherical craft flew overhead in a generally straight line, but the flight path was zigging, and zagging, left to right. It was flying in a pattern and we both looked at each other, and back up and watched for the next 15 seconds as it flew through our field of view. The light was unlike anything I had ever seen before. It was bright like a star, but with perfectly defined edges. It glowed a warm light that was easy on the eyes. 

I got up, and she continued to sleep. I went out to the campfire, and tried to keep the fire going. No matter what I tried, I could not keep the fire going, so at around 10:00pm, I went to bed as well, and as soon as I fell asleep, my wife nudged me. Now, we were alone, and there were no other campers anywhere, and it was only by chance that the park ranger showed me on aAmap where these primitive, "free" campsites were located. Totally a chance encounter. 

My wife nudged me to tell me that she heard two voices behind our tent, and wanted me to check it out. My son confirmed that he heard the voices too. I got up, and looked, and could see no lights. The forest was thick behind our tent, and anyone who would have been there, would have had to use a flashlight just to move a couple of feet. There was nothing. I began to ask her, "what did they sound like? What did they say"? She said they sounded like they had a southern drawl, but she could not make out the words. She said their were two voices. 

Naturally, both my wife and son were scared, so we went to the car and slept the rest of the night out. Now, here is where it gets a little crazy. My memory is a little sketchy for the next few minutes, but I remember attempting to build a fire with my headlights on, and then being back in the car. Nothing in particular there, but that would change a few months afterwards, when my son approached me and told me some troubling things. 

We had never really talked of the ordeal, but I know each of us walked away from that experience changed. My son told me how we were trying to build the fire, and I walked into the shadows up on a being that was twice as tall as myself. I am 6 foot 2 inches, and I have no recollection of this happening, but I had my own experience that will come shortly. He told me how the being told him to stay there, but without talking. I then asked him what he looked like, and he began to describe the being. He told me that he was tall, but he could not see the beings face. He told me he didn't remember even trying to look at the face. He said the being's skin was like an old persons. I asked if he was wearing any clothing, and he told me that he did not remember. He told me that I left out to the woods with the being, and then the next thing he knew, he woke up in the tent at the same time he heard the voices. 

I have no reccollection of this event. My son is 13, and kids his age have an active imagination, but this is where the story gets weird. In the car, after everyone in my family went to sleep with the heater blowing in the car, I finally relaxed, and fell asleep myself. I remember looking at the clock on the dashboard, and seeing the time 11:00pm. 

I had the most vivid dream, I have ever had in my life. I do not dream often. I never remember any of my dreams. It sucks, but is just how I am built. I found myself, on all-fours. I was in an area that was illuminated from above me, but my field of vision was what was in front of me only. I was looking through my own eyes. I could see a set of feet in front of me. The skin was bluish, like only what I would call, ancient. 

All of the sudden, a voice comes through my thoughts. It identifies itself as God. I ask, "why have you brought me here"? Immediately my eyes close within the dream, and a series of images is shown to me in rapid succession, much like a slide show set to overdrive. It was so much information, that I could hardly perceive what I was being shown. Still, to this day, pieces are released from time to time. Almost like I was shown future interactions of some sort. I see things in the news, or that I come into contact with, and I get an intense sense of deja-vu. Crazy coincidences I suppose. 

Although I do not remember the visions in their entirety, I do remember the "end" events. I saw a large Army marching through a war-torn city, and then I saw a mother, and two small children, crying in a corner of a torn-out building as the soldiers marched towards them. I then saw the scene pan-out, and I saw the entire Earth erupt into flames as seen from space. 

I then awoke out of the vision (or mini-dream) and I was there again in front of the being, unable to look up past it's shins. The visions had troubled me within the dream, and tears were dripping down my face. At that moment, I asked, "Why have you shown me this"? The being began to talk with me, and it was here that I figured out that every time that the being was talking in our conversation, it was actually my mouth moving, and I was hearing myself talk. I stopped talking for the being, and I suddenly understood without the need for talking. Telepathy or some sort of intelligence beyond us, is how the interaction proceeded. 

Back to the interaction, I asked the being "Why have you shown me this"? My eyes closed again, and another lucid vision started, only this one was like a movie. I saw me, but from above at a distance of three to four feet. Like I was looking at myself, but from above myself. I was in a war torn city. There were two others with me. They were dressed in black, and I waived to them to stay. 

I walked about 300 meters up this dirt covered road, and came upon a large green along the wall. Here my vision was through my own eyes, and I looked down. My clothing was torn. The city was hollowed out with the caved-in buildings. In my left hand, I had a small tree branch from what I later determined to be an olive tree. So, I had a small olive branch in my left hand. I knocked, three times on the large door. The door opened, just enough so I could see a middle-eastern man, covered from head to toe in black. I asked him, "May I enter"? He opens the door further, and tells me "We have been expecting you"? He then leads me to a building within the courtyard we came out into, and once inside of that building, there was a spiral staircase. He walks me down the winding staircase to a wall. The wall has a metal door, and when he opens the door, the rock is visible to the original structure. 

He gestures at me to inspect the rock. I see the rock is darker in the center, and blackened. I reach down with my right hand and touch the rock. Instantly, my vision turns to a brilliant bright light, and once again, I open my eyes in front of the being. I say to the being, "what am I"? The being then reaches down, and shows me a device that resembles an IPad, only without any boarders, so an IPad if it was a screen without the white boarder around the screen. No edges is all I can say, and there were no logos or anything distinguishable. A tablet device is how I would best describe it. 

I could see the beings massive hands, and they resembled human hands. Displayed on the device, was a picture of, and I know you guys are going to discount this, but hear me out. The picture on the device was the iconic picture of Jesus with the crown of thorns. Now, I am atheist, and the fact that the being told me that he was God, and then the picture of Jesus, has done a number to me mentally. I keep my head on my shoulders, but I am just wondering if anyone else saw something that night, as this interaction has led me down a path of intrigue. 

When I awoke, at exactly 4:00am, I awoke refreshed, and felt like I had slept two days straight. I looked out the window of the car, and I saw the same brilliant white light I had seen before, being silhouetted against the early-dawn glow as Mount Rainier became visible, and the light descended at a high rate of speed towards the top the mountain at a direction, from west to east, and just as it reached the tip of the mountain, it darted up into the sky and accelerated at a high rate of speed. I took this as the being saying goodbye. I never mentioned this to my wife, and when I finally did months later, she walked away as if she did not want to talk about that night. She admits the UFO we saw during the night, but the two voices spooked her while in the tent.  

A little background... I am a military Veteran having served 14 years in the Army. I know what military equipment is capable of doing in the air, and the zig-zaging light was moving unlike any craft I have ever seen in my time in the service. I work for the Government currently, and would prefer to remain anonymous as I do not desire any attention that could impact my career choice. MUFON, feel free to contact me if you would like to follow-up. I am just searching for answers.
