{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-19 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524779","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31032","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2983,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/779/mufon-5524779.json","updb_database_id":5524779}
Glimpse of an unknown light in the sky... Now you see it now you don't...

I was outside on the balcony with my girlfriend while she was having a smoke at around 10:50pm or so... We were talking about random things and one of the things she brought up was how the stars were really hard to see tonight.. I immediatly follwed that out in Saprae Creek, a rural area 15 or so kilometers outside of town where I grew up, you could see the stars much better and they were much brighter... 

After talking some more and right before we went in, actually she was stepping in through the balcony door, I looked up in the sky and seen what looked like a really bright star... In comparasin to the quite dull stars we see from the balcony, this looked like one from a clear winters night out in Saprae... Right after I seen it I looked to tell my girfriend about the bright star and when we looked back to see, it was now moving at what seemed to be a steady pace... Judging from the distance and altitude, I assume the thing was going pretty fast... Sapra Creek is maybe 3 or 4 kms from the local air port and the object was far higher in altitude and much faster than anything I ever seen in the sky growing up... The first thing the popped into my head honestly, was hey UFO, then logical side kicked in and said, hey, satellite... But then again I seen plenty of sattelites and meteors growing up and this object did not share the same properties... The object, although at a steady pace, was clearly dissapering into space from some orbital place... The once bright starlike object moved in a south easternly straight line and got noticably duller the further down the line it got until it was gone... I did notice the object seemed to have turned red in color just before dissapearing into the night sky...

During this time we tried taking a picture of the object with cell phone and it never came out, so my girlfriend ran inside to get her camera so we could record the event... By the time she got it out the object would have been to far gone to pick up on camera, but it didn't matter because the batteries died in the camera as soon as she turned it on...

All in all I believe the object was some sort of spacecraft due to the unusually bright light emminating from it and the immence speed in which it departed... The whole even lasted 2 or 3 minutes and was pret awe inspiring...
