{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-25 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4295,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5489739.json","updb_database_id":5489739}
{jpg} My friend and I pulled up to a stop sign and saw this huge, bizzarly shapped thing with lights all over it.

My friend and I leave her mothers driveway and pull up to the stop sign beside her house. In front of us sitting stationary in the sky is a huge band of uneven lights with illumination between the lights. I say to her what the "Ef" if that, she says I have no idea. I get out to try and take a picture of the huge thing. It will not show up in the display of my Android phone even though we both clearly see it with our eyes. A car pulls up behind my car that I left sitting in the road. I completely ignored it because I wanted whoever was in it to get out and look. It was a cop. I move my car which would have put his dash cam directly in line with the very large thing in the sky. I don't know if his equipment would capture since we could not see it in my display. He asks what were doing and I point to the sky and ask him if that looks weird and he says "Yes it kinda does" I say does it look like a UFO he says "Either that or something that belongs to our government". My friend said that he said in his 35 years on night shift he has never saw anything like it. He watches for a while and leaves. As we continue to watch the thing takes off. We follow the direction it went which was north on Highway 27. We easily find it about a mile up the street. It was not hard to find because it was bright, huge and once again stationary. We pull into the Wal-Mart parking lot and continue to watch for about an hour. During this time the thing appears to tilt because a brightly lit dome that looked semi-transparent comes into view on the top of it. It also has these leg like sharp points on the bottom that also have lights on them. The bottom of it was sort of shaped like the bottom of the batman symbol. It also has a row of bright lights that appear to be on a solid band around the thing and they look like they are rotating around it. So I say to my friend at some point I saw something fly out of that thing and she said so did I, a few minutes ago. I am still trying to take pictures and It just is not happening. I think I got a picture of the thing that came out of it. Because it is definitely not the big thing. I imagine that Wal-Mart and the Murphy gas station would both have security cameras that might have captured the thing if it would even show up. While we were there watching it moved again to a position more to the north. It was as if it was in one spot then the next because I don't recall watching it motivate to the different location. I am going to include all of the pictures I took even though the very huge thing did not show up because even if it did not show up its there. We could see it with our eyes. The thing I would most like to impress upon someone is the size of this thing. It was freaking humongous. I have no idea how to judge size and distance when something is in the sky so I would not even try. I can say that I have never seen anything close to this size in the sky before. It was most definitely not anything that I had ever seen before either on TV or in the sky. If the government built this thing they really are hiding technology because it was positively sci-fi looking.
