{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1959-11-10 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56252","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3309,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5502739.json","updb_database_id":5502739}
{cak} Moon crash

These are stories as told by my Father to me in the late 50's thru the mid 80's. Please do not dismiss this, read all before judging.

The reason I am writing, as I have seen many UFO's, is because I watch all the UFO shows, hanger 1, files, ect. as I am a fan of space and what is out there. I believe that there is life out in the universe, and aliens have been here, and still are around today. I was watching a show on the Germans in WW 2, about the rockets. The part about the German rocket engineers coming here after the war, namely Werner Van Braun. My DAD worked with him. My dad said he worked for Chrysler Missile. He did, and I have pics somewhere with Van Brawn and my Dad working on blueprints of some rockets. My Dads name and credentials can be seen on a follow up.

My Dad was employed by the US Gov, I believe now, Black opps, and the TACOM and ATAC were his cover. He would get phone calls in the middle of the night, and I would hear him say " I'm not going to 51 tonight" and then a few minutes later he would leave the house for weeks. My Dad was always going to Cape Canaveral, Houston, Montgomery Al., and always flying to Nevada. Sometimes he would take Mom and me for a Vacation, but when we got there he was never around. Mom said Dad was working.

My Dads brothers also worked for the US Gov, very secret, there was also a man named Martin Van Braun, not sure if that's right name. I overheard at a family Christmas Party, that the race to the moon was not to be the Russians there, but to beat the Russians to the CRASH site on the moon. ????? Something was on the moon before us. Many items came back from the Apollo missions besides rocks !! Lots of crazy stories between my Dad and his brothers when they thought the "kids" were asleep.

I asked my Dad a couple of times if there were UFO's, he just looked at me and smiled. He did once say the reason of allot of "sightings" around military bases and nuclear power plants was for our "own" protection. Aliens didn't need to refuel, they were wacthing for mistakes and to make sure we didn't blow up the planet. Aliens don't want nukes in space.

From everything I have heard, I believe aliens and UFO's have always been around. I do NOT think they would harm us on purpose, just the opposite.

Van Braun told my Dad once that he had "special help" with the V2 rocket and the yaw problems. Have you ever seen picture of a Redstone rocket with atlas boosters??? I have a pic maybe. My Dad didn't want nukes on Redstones, so "they" came up with the Polaris rocket.

Hey I am sure you get lots of crazies stories. I just thought you should know some of this, just file this, or contact me if you want.
