{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-13 05:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35783","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2629,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5520739.json","updb_database_id":5520739}
brightly illuminated falling oblect, disapeared before hitting ground

I was going to work, heading North/West on M59 between Rochester Rd and Livernois Ave. At 5:28am, I observed a single bright white light in the sky falling rapidly towards the ground. The object appeared about 30 degrees to the left of my heading on M-59, falling at an angle towards the highway. My first thought was that this aircraft was going to crash. But the light diminished about 1000 ft above the ground. The sighting only lasted about 3 seconds.

Details.
1 The angle of decent was about 20 degrees from vertical.
1 The object appeared to be about a mile away.
1 The object did not appear to be a meteor. I have seen these in the past and they tend to be extremely bright with a bluish tint. The light emitted by a meteor that close would have lit up the surrounding area for miles around. The light emitted by this object was pure white, and it did not illuminate any of the surrounding area.
1 The objects rate of decent was as though it was in an uncontrolled free fall.
1 The manner in which the light diminished was as though an aircraft suddenly pulled out of a dive and its light pointed away from me.
1 I did not observe any indications of an object crashing to ground. As I continued along the highway I often looked to my left to see if I could spot anything.
1 Traffic on the highway was very light at that time in the morning, but there must have been more than 20 drivers who could have witnesses the event.

Once at work, I was describing this event to a co-worker who sat near me when another co-worker overheard me. He came over to report that he had seen the same thing. He was driving to work along South Blvd going West and was near Coolidge Hwy when he saw the object sitting motionless in the sky - and then falling. From his vantage, the object appeared to be coming down on the North side of South Blvd. He also said he knew it was not a meteor. He lost sight of the object as it was falling due to trees blocking his view.
