{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58351","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3106,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5500739.json","updb_database_id":5500739}
{rjl} 3 lights steady in triangle shape w/bright pulsing light like a firefly in middle 36 objects in all

Outside smoking a cigarette with witness Jackie I turned to the N/w and observed a lot of individual looking lights. Mainly low thin and broken with some stars seen in patches thru the clouds.. It was between 10pm to 11pm lasting maybe twenty minutes. First logical idea was a swarm of drones that I dismissed quickly because of the movement and flashing lights. Not sure of the cloud ceiling, low mostly cloudy w/broken patches,looking N/W we observed what turned out to be 36 seperate we think,seperate craft spread out ,moving relativly fast,120mph moving directly at us, maybe the closest 30 dg above horizon, then moved over us.In all some traversed maybe 60% of the sky. They moved all around each other with three lights, bright white,in a triangle shape, and one brighter white light that could be extremely bright in the center of each set of lights, craft? They flew around each other reminding several of us of fireflies,the middle light flashing seeming to interact with each other. Other people where alerted and witnessed more or less the same thing with two exceptions. 1 out of the seven heard a low hum when they where overhead, six others did not hear or feel anything. One other witness reported seeing some structure between the lights while no one else did. Before the objects came to be right overhead they bunched up and moved around one another, slowed some moving on others hovering then slowly climbing. We noticed that there was some dimming but I expected more from the clouds, casting in to doubt rather they had truly been under the clouds, more so after seeing the Milan Italy vid 2 weeks later. This is very close to what we witnessed though the brightness was not as intense in our sighting. It was at the end of the video that resembled what we saw with a shape and moving while interacting. Not as Bright as the ones in the vid but if they were in the clouds? What we observed however stuck to a basic course although clustering right over us then some stopping in some formations and rose slowly others continuing to the S/E.One particular set of lights made up of 5 'craft' in a square formation one in the middle slowly rose and vanished. I now judge them to be higher than what I thought when I first observed them. They could have been in the thin clouds or above them. They for the most part spread out though some staying in position and slowly rose thill no longer in sight.
