{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-03 16:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5271,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5458739.json","updb_database_id":5458739}
{rjl} Central Teardrop shaped craft Tapering To An Arrow Shaped Wing All The Way Around

A co-worker and I were standing outside of the front rear corner of our work building, having a smoke and enjoying the autumn weather, just before the end our work day. 
All of a sudden I noticed movement low in the air out of the corner of my eye to the South east of my position. When I looked directly at the object, which was flying very low and fast, I realized it was not any kind of conventional aircraft that I have ever seen before, and I have seen them all, including drones.
I pointed to the object in the air and told my co-worker, randy, look over there, I think it's a UFO. He said where, and I directed him to the object in question, and he saw it long enough that he became alarmed, because he too recognized that it was an actual real ufo, and said I don't believe what i'm seeing, it's a real damned UFO.
It was flying very low, around 500 feet from the ground, and very fast, perhaps 250 to 300 miles per hour, and it was making no sound and it was not displaying any aircraft navigation lights, engines, or markings.
The craft was sort of teardrop and triangular in shape, being thick and teardrop shaped in the middle , tapering gracefully and aerodynamically down to a thin wing shaped edges that surrounded all around the entire craft. The teardrop shape was thicker in the middle of the craft, with the bulk of the bulbar shape being above the centerline of the craft, and the lesser part of the teardrop shape being below the centerline of the craft. The outside edges, which appeared to be about a meter thick and rounded in shape tapered and then arcked into the central teardrop shape of the passenger compartment of the craft. The rear of the craft's outside corners appeared to have canards that arked upwards from the outside edges of the craft about two meters or more tall which tapered rearward to a flat point. I could not get a good view of the entire rear of the craft. The top or upper surface of the teardrop shaped portion of the craft was a dull medium dark bluish grey in color. It seemed to have a forward observation cockpit type of window, and also small rectangular windows going part way along the side of the craft. The lower Tear drop shaped portion of the surface of the craft was a dull lighter blue grey in color, kind of like you would see by looking into a hazy clear blue grey sky in the daytime. The outer wing part of the craft, both above and below, was a dull very light greyish blue in color. The central cabin teardrop portion of the craft was made up of two distinct blue grey colors, with the outside wing portions being a light grey blue color, with distinct delineations marking the differences where the fuselage/cabin ended and the lifting body wing surface began. 
The object flew by us, under a quarter of a mile away, passing over a shopping mall, over a Major freeway, over a six story office building, and then a 4 lane divided highway, before disappearing to the north west of our position behind some trees. It appeared to be heading in the general direction of The White Chapel Cemetery, which is to the North West of our position a few miles from us. The craft made absolutely no sound that I know of, BUT, our office building is located adjacent to the I-75 freeway, and it was filled with rush hour traffic, so if it did make a faint sound, we would not have heard it at all. 
If I had not noticed the fast moving craft by sheer chance, it would have passed us by, unnoticed by anyone, because of it's coloring, the sheer speed of it's movement, and the very low altitude that it was flying at, which is below the flight ceiling of any aircraft, except for aircraft that are landing at an airport.
My co-worker was completely dumbfounded, shaken, and speechless for several minutes after the sighting, which lasted a total of a minuet and a half to two minutes or so.
I have sighted obvious UFOs flying over the area of the White Chapel Cemetery and I-75 on two other recent occasions, but they were sighted at night. One of them was flying low and slow, and I stopped on the side of the freeway to film it flying by with a video camera, but the lighting was too low for my camera to get a good image, just a lighted blur. But my eyes were able to see obvious lighted windows going along the entire side of the craft, a lighted cockpit, and no visible wings or engines for propulsion or lift, and no engine sounds. That sighting happened very late at night with very light traffic on the freeway, which is elevated above the surrounding area, so visibility was very very good at the time, on a very clear night.
