{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-08 19:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88718","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2594,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5471739.json","updb_database_id":5471739}
Round in shape, and had a dome above it, with several windows

I was just awake after taking a nap, I checked the time near to my bed, it was 7 pm ish, I went out to check the balcony and to get some fresh air. At first, I saw an object traveling behind the tall construction buildings. In hindsight, I thought it was those normal airplanes that pass by the apartment I lived in. As it got closer towards my apartment, I noticed something unusual, I was familiar with airplanes that passed by, this UFO seemed peculiar, it was travelling at a lower elevation point, well it could really depend from the point of view, as something could appear bigger or higher if it's closer to you. However, from my past experiences, the airplane that passes by was traveling at a higher elevation than these UFO did. Second of all, I know the shape of the airplane, and the airplane is usually long with a red light and blue light shining. However this object I witnessed, It was a bit larger, and it was round in shape, and had a dome connected to it, It had like 2 windows, and it had some red lights glowing on the side, and yellow lights that were beaming in front of it. Lastly, the thing that made it different from a normal airplane is that, the travel speed of the object, usually an airplane that passed by it would take around 1 minute to travel from the construction building until it was out of my sight, however this object did that under 30 seconds, more like 26 seconds, it was quite fast compared to airplanes that I have witnessed before. I am unsure if there is any military work that has occurred in the area I lived it, but it just feels unusual. The object just traveled in a straight path, it went at a fast pace but not that noticeably that fast. Mostly lights can be seen. My feeling is that I was perplexed, as I have never witnessed a UFO, I do believe in aliens, I was quite excited that I had witnessed one. I lost the sight when UFO passed the apartment to the point I was unable to view it anymore.
