{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-28 19:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5284739.json","updb_database_id":5284739}
Two lights hovering then vanish on film

I go out each evening to star gaze right at sunset (weather permitting) and track which planets / stars become visible to the naked eye first in the sky. Their location, time they appear & etc, sky conditions and location of Hubble & ISS. 

On Sept 28th at 7:59 pm I was out on my back deck facing SE. The sky was crystal clear, not a cloud in sight. No stars were yet visible to the naked eye, but Jupiter was shining brightly in the sky about the tree tops on my right (still in the SE direction) and Saturn as well, slightly to the right of Jupiter and a bit higher in the sky. The first stars to became visible about 15 minutes later. As I was taking in Jupiter’s view, something caught my eye in the East direction. It was bright like a star but moving up the sky in a straight line going kind of SE. Hoping it was Hubble, ISS or another space station, I quickly grabbed my phone and hit record. Sadly, my IPhone doesn’t take photos of the night sky well at all. For something in the sky to be captured by my phones camera, the object or objects have to be very big and very bright. So, the satellite couldn’t be seen. As I tried to capture it, I suddenly saw two very bright lights at an angle to one another right in front of me in the sky over the tree tops. Located right between Jupiter and where I saw the satellite. They were moving as well, but much slower, going across the sky towards Jupiter. Luckily the objects were big & bright enough to be seen on my camera. They first appeared kind of Orange then more white. No sound, no blinking light. After about 20 seconds they just disappear as if someone flipped a switch. You can also see Jupiter in the video very clearly, for comparison. I kept the camera rolling for a good 3 minutes and no more lights can be seen, only that of Jupiter. I came immediately into the house and confirmed (using real time locations) that the objects seen were not Hubble, ISS or any other space station. I also ruled out the possibility of the objects being stars that somehow may have been briefly visible. None of my constellation charts identify two stars in that location & pattern, that would even be remotely big/bright enough to be seen with my eyes & on my iPhone camera, either. Even with my high powered telescope and camera, I’ve not been able to see any stars that would fit the bill. 

The very next night I switched to taking my professional camera out with me to star gaze, and have every night since. I haven’t seen lights like that again, not with my camera or my naked eyes, and eliminated all the possibilities I can think of to explain what I saw.
