{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-09 22:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95016","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2410,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5465739.json","updb_database_id":5465739}
Abduction

I went to bed at 10:00 pm I wake up on a metal like bed in a low lighted room and look to my left and see a female laying on a table about 10 feet from me. I cant move my body or arms. I can only move my head slightly and eyes to look to the left. From above a group of what looked like a million fiber optic clear needles in a approx. 2 foot diameter shape came down and went over this females face and into her head as the bottom of the needles rested on the table. I was freaking out, yelling, stop, stop, why are you doing this? Then the females body started to shake and ripple like a flag blowing in the wind. It was the most horrific, un human like thing for a human body to do or move like that. It was if she had no bones in her body and her body from chest to feet was rippling,shaking very fast. I kept yelling , stop, stop, what gives you the right to do this to us, i'm fighting to get up off the table and can t move, my hands are clenched in fists and im yelling stop, stop. Then i hear a voice in my head say " we just did this to you and your ok" Bam im on my bed, my heart pounding so hard and loud that I can audibly hear it, my fists are clenched and i cant move or open my hands. I lay there for what seems like half an hour and when i calm down and can finally open my hands and get up I look at the clock and its 12:00 am. I went to bed at 10:00pm and until 11:30 pm was abducted. This was no dream as I previously have reported to mufon that I have had other abductions since childhood but not to the degree of this event. The inside of the craft,area was low lit, i couldn t see anyone other than the female on the table beside me, I don t know the female beside. My impression is one of a medical lab,place and the beings were out of my line of sight. Im 56 year Caucasian male.
