{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29986","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2637,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5525739.json","updb_database_id":5525739}
We witnessed 3-4 objects rotating in a circle, blinking in and out

My wife and I were sitting on the elevated train tracks watching the Westminster fourth of July Fireworks. The tracks were so high, we were able to see fireworks displays all around us (4 or more). 

Suddenly, a new group of lights appeared that didn't seem to be a part of any of the fireworks shows. 

What we saw were 3-4 lights looking like a child's drawing of a "falling star" with a pointed star at the front or vaguely like a comet. These objects appeared to us as the most active fish swimming in a fish bowl. At this point i stood and exclaimed "what the hell is that?"

I stood and took a few steps and tried frantically to assess / debunk what we were seeing.

Our first thought was that these were some type of fireworks - obviously, but we disagree with that for several reasons. 

1. Duration - we watched 50 fireworks launch and explode during the duration of the phenomena. The sighting lasted at least 60 seconds, maybe longer.

2. Incredibly slow descent / Moments of vertical motion - as the objects were swirling (imagine a bicycle wheel turning), it was clear the objects were gaining altitude during the motion. 

3. Size - These objects were far larger then the bits of firework. If i held my hand up, the whole show could be covered with two thumbs, and each object about half the size of my pinky nail. 

4. Isolation - while there were several shows going on (and several individuals lighting off store-variety fireworks), these objects seemed completely isolated, about 5 miles away from us. 

Our second thought was flares. But I wonder can flares move vertically? Do they have tails that appear opposite their direction of motion?

As the phenomena continued, the lights seemed to blink in and out (smoke from fireworks blocking?). The lights continued to descend, spiraling, until they seemed to blink out just above the horizon. 

My wife and I were very excited and convinced there must have been thousands of witnesses.
