{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-13 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492739","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66788","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3369,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/739/mufon-5492739.json","updb_database_id":5492739}
{rjl} yelowish/white/orange orb appears, hovers then rapidly moves west from SE direction, stops hovers moves backwards easterly, then back west again slowly stops hovers then goes due north hovers then ascends straight up and is gone.

my bother, my son and I went outside to the back yard to have a cigarette and stargaze as we have great views of the night sky here. As we were about to sit down a flash of light caused me to turn to the left in the eastern direction. Very low and seemingly above our neighborhood, was a large yellowish/white/orange round object hovering. It was silent and motionless, its size was unusually large for a meteor or satellite or meteorite. It had no tail, no flashing lights. It was solid and very very bright. It was lower than the airplanes and helicopter that was flying in same sky, but far above this object. slowly, it began moving in a westerly direction, then accelerated before stopping again in the west. we were blown away, intrigued. It hovered, the light seemed to increase then go back to normal in slow fades. It rapidly moved again but back in an easterly direction, then it slowly zigzagged northwards. I was astonished. At about where i would guess it was above the river (Sacramento river), it made a vertical ascent and blinked out of sight. it moved slow at first, then sped up so fast it was gone before i could raise my hand to point at it.

That night i had very very bizarre dreams. they seemed exactly real. I dreamt of airships by the thousands being fought by cross shaped crafts. end of the world type of stuff. people getting zapped by pink plasma and disappearing. chaos. the waters being manipulated. the dreams were so profound i wrote them down and drew pics of the crafts i saw. i was deeply effected by this dream. still am.

On june 19, 2015 i went out to smoke with my mom and the orb reappeared. this time i said outloud, " wait, let my mom see you.." my mom was in the house getting glasses. when she came out in backyard i pointed to the hovering orb. at this point it had been bouncing around for a solid 5 minutes. When she saw it she sat down and it moved north south, slowly then rapidly then back to the center. She remarked that she would need a glass of wine for this and said out loud ," stay here". It remained hovering until she came back outside. it moved westerly then arced back from the north back to the center where it had been hovering. Is a bout 10 or so minutes of this. Finally, the object very very slowly went into the east and we observed it getting even lower in the sky. it was already very low. There were several planes above it in the air, not observing, just flying in normal flying altitudes. it gradually just faded out of our site. I was stunned. so was my mom.
