Case No. 837 14072018

Date: July 13, 2018.

Approximate Time: 18:30 local time.

Location: Rancagua, Region of General Bernardo O'Higgins Liberator.

Witnesses: A.V.P.

Images: The user submitted 1 video.

Description: The reported object was described as a circular, orange object, 5.25 meters in size and at a distance of 7 kilometers. It flew linearly for two minutes, always to the east.

The user concluded their report by writing that (sic) "We were in the courtyard of
supermarket where we work at 18:30 performing activities typical of our
employment. Suddenly, I notice a very orange light in the sky and I
I stared at her intently. I realized she was starting to move and I told the others.
other boys. It's there that we started recording, all of us realizing that
It was really moving. After a while, this light disappeared and above us...
At very low altitude, we saw something very similar to a shooting star; this is no longer...
We managed to record. After this star, an identical light to the previous one appeared in a northeast direction and also disappeared into the sky within a few seconds.

The recording mentioned is stored in the file "VID-20180713-WA0008.mp4".

It is worth noting that, beyond what the user reported, the study focused on the recording associated with the case.

Then, after analyzing the metadata contained in the information, it was evident that the material had passed through servers of the WhatsApp application. For this reason, it was concluded that the observation was likely made using a mobile phone.
The same, the visible was altered and lost all inscription from the moment it was made,
From this material, each one of 1,267 frames was extracted and analyzed, more data is shown in the third section of this report.
Next, Figure 1 shows the appearance of the object on which the camera focused, as captured in frames 309, 310, 311, 312, and 338. The differences in visible silhouettes are due to focus attempts and graphic processing of the used cell phone.
Additionally, the geometric analysis of the frames revealed that the same object
originated from the luminaries against which the images were obtained. Figure 2
illustrates this in Figure 15.

The application of edge-detection algorithms did not reveal the existence of anything
else in the sky depicted.

Figure 1. Frames from the footage associated with the case.

Figure 2. Evidence of focal symmetry in Frame 15 of the case footage.
Figure 3 shows a survey of the horizon potentially visible from Rancagua at the reported time, considering a maximum of light pollution. To the east, there were two precursor centers for meteor showers and the planet Saturn at an azimuth of 102° 19’ and an apparent altitude of 23° 10’.

The darkness of the recording seemed to be greater, which would mean that the sighting could have been later. But, also, this could have been due to
Direct backlighting. The poor visibility of the images did not allow for the association of astronomical elements.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the forensic, photographic, and astronomical studies, it was concluded that in the images that constituted the study material, only a reflection was found. The user's testimony was not recorded, so it is not possible to subject it to analysis.

Case classified as Report.
