{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504456","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54435","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/456/mufon-5504456.json","updb_database_id":5504456}
{nd} 6.5ft thin black humanoid preceeded by light rays then intense light which collected in corners of the room.

I had been sleeping when I was awakened by several lazer-like red beams which seemed to come from the direction of the TV across the room. The red beams spread out and lit the room with a light so intense it reminded me of pyrotechnics. As the light scattered, it collected in the corners along the walls and ceiling and bounced around (similar to sparklers) before dissipating. In the next moment I was aware of a tall thin human shaped being to the right of my bed. He was wearing head to toe black with some kind of sparkles all over but not an intense covering of sparkles. As I was processing what I was seeing I was not fearful, primarily due to the sparkles which in my mind ruled out a criminal element. The sparkles could have even been residual from the light that predicated the appearance of the being. As these thoughts were going through my mind, I hid my face and then decided to take another look and raised my head. He was standing in the same place on the far side of my bed to the right, about 6 feet from me. His arms were crossed in front of his chest but I didn't notice his hands, nor could I see the lower legs. As he stood there with arms crossed, he took a step forward with one foot and turned his head to the left to look at me.  I put my head down again and when I looked up a moment later, he was gone. Rather anticlimactic. but I often wonder if he'll be back. So many questions haunt me with no answers. The next day, as I was trying to make sense of it, there was no question that it was not a figment of my imagination, although I had never heard of a tall, black E.T., at least not yet. So I Googled 'tall thin black alien' and found several similAr sightings, but most were in Europe and I am in Texas. One was so similar it was described as having a sheen in lieu of sparkles. But that sighting was 20 years ago and during the day. So all things considered,
everything I have learned since my sighting has added credibility to my experience. I only wish there was some way to exchange thoughts with my visitor.
