{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-14 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517456","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40546","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3130,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/456/mufon-5517456.json","updb_database_id":5517456}
{ck} Solid light object that does not give off light, quick changing direction.

I was Brushing my teeth inside my house at about 10:50 pm when something (a flash of light maybe) caught my attention out of the corner of my eye. I turned and looked out the window and their was an unidentified object hovering in the sky. I have seen planes fly in the sky late at night before but this was definately not a plane. To describe the object I would have to say that it was like looking into the sun or a light bulb, only this light was solid, and as far as I could tell it was not giving off any rays of light. It was white/yellow in color and had a disc shape to it. The object hovered in the sky close to the tree line just outside my neighborhood. Then it disappeared and reappeared slightly lower to the ground and off to the right a little (all in a instant),hovered for a moment, disappeared again, then it reappeared a little higher and slightly of to the right more then it was originally. Again the object hovered for a moment before it took off straight up, its path tilted only a fraction to the right going up, leaving a small trail of light behind it. It took off so fast that even though I never blinked it was like it was their and then it wasnt. The short trail of light(?)left behind disappeared about a second later, leaving me standing their thinking oh my god I just saw a UFO. Because the object did not make any noise all, the other members of my family slept soundly through the whole thing. Still in shock I ran into my parents room and said "I just saw a UFO." Still half asleep my mother mumbled "what" rolled over and fell back asleep. My father got kind of mad that I woke him up and so he mumbled "get out of my room Im trying to sleep" so I responded "Fine, I just saw a UFO but whatever...." and started I to walk out of the room. Now awake my father said something to the effect of "What? You saw a UFO!?" and then I told him what just happened. Then I went into my sisters room, woke her up and told her what happened. After that I went back to bed,and prayed that I wouldnt be abducted or anything. I still have no clue what that object was... it was like nothing I have ever seen before. Strangely enough I saw the same thing a week latter, and the setting was exactly the same. I was brushing my teeth, everyone else was asleep, same time, and like I said, same object. And another thing, the only light on in my house at the time was a small night light around a corner from where I was standing.
