{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-11-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525456","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30299","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3701,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/456/mufon-5525456.json","updb_database_id":5525456}
Moon shaped white object with brightness of full moon

My UFO phenomenon began on the way to visit my grandmother in western Kentucky. We were riding north on Highway 51 late at night listening to the AM radio when we heard a news report of UFO1s seen in western Kentucky and western Tennessee. I looked out the back window at the stars above stating that I wish I could see a UFO. It wasn1t two weeks later I had my wish. I was back at home in Memphis when my mother asked me to take out the garbage at 10pm Sunday 15 November 1964. I went out back and I looked up and saw a white full moon above then I looked around and to the east I saw a full orange full moon rising. I looked back above and noticed the white full moon again for a few minutes until it ascended in the sky looking like a bright star at high altitude. I believe this phenomenon was outside of my head and it was fantastic.

At 10pm Sunday 15 November of 1964 in Memphis Tennessee (USA), I was asked by my mother to take out the garbage. I went out back and I noticed a bright white full moon above. I looked closer and I noticed it had uniform whiteness with well define circular outline but I was not able to see the shades of white or grey that made the man in the moon face. It was equally as bright as the real full moon, bright enough to create a moon shadow. I looked around and I noticed another moon that was bright orange. This other moon was rising over our neighbor's house to the east, as I looked through the side yard from the back yard to the front. It had the features that created the man in the moon, so I believed that it was the real moon. I looked above and stared again at the white full moon for a few minutes, then it made a rapid ascend in the sky. I estimate the ascend speed between 180 to 300 knots. As it rose, it became a smaller and smaller moon until it appeared to looked like a bright star, then a dim star, then disappeared into space. It reminded me of the Star of Bethlehem when it was at high altitude. The event occurred within a mile of the Area 51 of Tennessee, that is near Highway 51 in the Frayser neighborhood of Memphis, Tennessee and the event lasted about fifteen minutes.

I was only seven when I witnessed this UFO that I now call the "Moon of Memphis". I had a good memory of the event so that when I was trained in the Air Force as a navigator, I was able to analyze the event better with my aviation experience. I estimate that the "Moon of Memphis" was at twenty thousand feet and was about ten acres in size. I developed this information from watching the ascend of the "Moon of Memphis" through some high cirrus clouds that I estimate was at sixty thousand feet. At twenty thousand feet it would have taken four 747 aircraft parked in a circle to cover the area of the "Moon of Memphis" UFO, thus creating a ten acre size estimate. When it hovered above me, it was exactly the size and shape of the real moon when seen high in the sky. Most observers probably could not tell the difference beteen the "Moon of Memphis" UFO and the real lunar moon when it's hovering above.
