{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486456","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73255","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2266,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/456/mufon-5486456.json","updb_database_id":5486456}
extremely bright circle of light, hovered for a few seconds then fastly flew in a path, helicopter chasing behind and seemed it couldnt catch up.

1. I was at home, just finished eating.
2. the extremely bright fast flying circle being chased by a helicopter.
3. I have no idea what it was, but I thought it was super strange.
4. The bright circle of light hovered more towards the northeast direction, flying north west direction. Super bright, bigger than a star that I have ever seen. After the initial hover which lasted a few seconds, the object flew extremely fast, again followed by a helicopter which couldn't seem to catch up to the object. 
5. I felt amazed, confused and intrigued. My action was only to stare while it took place. After the sighting I kept wondering what exactly did I just see. I also posted on my facebook page, asking if anyone else saw something strange in the sky. Which no one replied. 
6. The bright circle was flying so fast, I lost sight of the object but watched as the helicopter flew behind it, but seemed much slower than the object itself. The object was gone, and at that time the helicopter had me wondering what exactly is it chasing and why? I also asked myself, if it was a military thing, than why was a helicopter chasing after it? 

A few days (approx) my mother and I both saw a huge ball of light hovering again in the north direction. Was so bright and caught our eye because it was something we have never seen before. As we were staring at the bright light, for maybe a minute, it then suddenly disappeared. We didn't know what to make of it, but it wasn't something that we have seen before, up until that Wednesday.
