{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469456","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91066","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4902,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/456/mufon-5469456.json","updb_database_id":5469456}
{td}Witnessed At least 10 black V shape Objects appearing out of small flashes of green lights in clear sky

Me & my fiancee were outside. I was originally looking At what I could see of the moon while it was still daylight, when i noticed small green flashes in the sky. I told my fiancee right away to get the phone because I wanted to get this weird phenomena on video if I was able to. While he went inside to get the phone The green flashes of light became many & every time a green flash of light appeared a black V shaped object with jagged edges appeared to be coming OUT of the flashes of green light. They began appearing all over in different points in the clear sky. The points in the sky were 95% clear, maybe a few tiny drifter clouds were around but nothing at all that was obstructing the view of this event. By the time he came out with the phone all of these objects were already in the sky above us. The green flashes also stopped once all of these objects came out of them. At first glance you would think they were very large birds if you weren't paying VERY close attention. Me & my Fiancee could not believe what we were seeing. As the objects came closer to us they maneuvered the wings as if it were a bird but they were NOT. I could easily tell that The illusion of the wings were robotic but very smooth high technology The objects were reflecting sunlight off of them and on the bottom of each tip of the wings were circular lights that were Red or Orange or BOTH. They were flying all around us ,some flying EXTREMELY FAST & Some staying above us, changing shape & giving off a very uneasy feeling. I am an Empath so the Energy I felt from these objects felt like they were watching US closely. I Even felt like SOMETHING knew what i was thinking. They flew around us for about 8 min or so and the closer they got to us my legs began to shake and feel like jello. When i took a few steps I felt like my legs were going to give out. The objects were maneuvering in sharp turns as well as turned upside down and sideways. We were focusing on the many objects above & around us when we saw when we looked back to the east more were coming our way. I got 2 short video clips of what i could because they were moving extremely fast. In one of the videos when i was seeing if i could capture these green lights, I didn't see it when i was recording but after reviewing the footage my fiancee saw at the bottom of the screen another object shoot across from LEFT to RIGHT around the power lines. The object was not directly under the power line but much further out. The other video i was able to get was one of them flying right above me they did NOT maneuver the Wings like a bird UNTIL I Began RECORDING. And ONLY a couple of them moved the "Wings" the ENTIRE TIME, the rest of them did NOT move the wings and stayed in "soaring Mode" the WHOLE TIME. One of the biggest phenomenas of these sightings was that as I was trying to record them, some of them were NOT SHOWING UP ON THE SCREEN even though a couple did.I zoomed in the closest it would go. After about 8 minutes the objects moved towards the south west & North West but vanished in thin air as we watched them move towards the West. They just disappeared. Just as they APPEARED out of NOWHERE from the flashes of green lights all over only one section of the sky. There was nothing NORMAL about this at ALL. I was able to get some photos of them. One looked like it was emitting a reddish light off the top & another photo shows the sunlight reflecting off of it GREATLY. I felt very disoriented & confused when they were gone, like I didn't know what to do with myself as i felt VERY abnormally restless. In addition I saw another UFO sighting tonight which i will be making another separate report on.
