{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-28 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501456","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57589","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2404,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/456/mufon-5501456.json","updb_database_id":5501456}
{dr}A series of bright starlike flashing lights every 25-30 seconds displaying a directional changed.

I was out in my front yard facing east at about 3:30 AM when I saw a bright pulse of light directly to the east. This was followed by another pulse of light about 10 degrees to the north 25-30 seconds later. This was followed by another pulse 10 degrees further north then another pulse 10 degrees down in the sky. Then another pulse of light now 10 degrees to the south and another and another until this had happened about 10 times and the object was heading south over the hills by Mt. Diablo. The entire circuit the bright pulses of light described was the shape of an eye starting at the top and making an oval flight path in a counter-clockwise direction starting in the east then north then down then finally trailing off towards the horizon in the south. The light would start from nothing then pulse to a brightness similar to or brighter than Venus then fade out. This is why I call it a pulse and not a flashing light because of slowness and apparent deliberate and constant rate of motion. This was an intelligently operated craft. After the last pulse of light from the U.F.O. receding to the south a brilliant light zoomed over my head from west to east from just above me arcing about 20 degrees forward to the east. It didn't look like a falling star in that it was much brighter and had an even brightness to it and it left a trail, not a vapor trail but some kind of ionization trail which glowed a bluish pink color. It looked like the heat distortion you see on hot pavement but it did not look fiery, but rather the trail looked cool. I've never seen a falling star that perfect and that impressive: it made my adrenaline race. To me it was the U.F.O.'s grand finale for me as it's witness.
