{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-23 18:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465456","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95318","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4035,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/456/mufon-5465456.json","updb_database_id":5465456}
A pair of two white lights high in the sky; motionless, unless they were ascending up/away from my vantage point/perspective; blinks/pulses

At approximately 6:37 p.m., Sunday, September 23rd, I was outside my home waiting for family to arrive to go out for supper.

I heard crows calling from a southerly direction, looked up and watched as a few crows flew overhead in a northerly direction. The crows flew directly between myself and two white lights high in the sky, which is how I noticed them. (In video I have included, another group of crows a couple minutes later did the same.) If not for the crows, I probably wouldn1t have seen these lights 1 I hadn1t been staring up toward the sky previously.)

My initial observation: there are two lights 1 together. That1s unordinary. (I believe in extraterrestrial UFOs (rare). I also regularly see airplanes, helicopters, etc. in the area, so I instantly thought these lights were unusual.) I watched for approximately half a minute then started to record with my phone1s camera. (While the camera is decent, it is dated 1 iPhone 5s from 2013. The single lens also is not designed for objects far away.)

The lights appeared to be stationary; motionless, though they could have been ascending up/away from my vantage point/perspective because, right before leaving from my home with family, the lights were slightly more difficult to see. The two white lights were not doing anything else that I could see, save for blinking/pulsating randomly.

I have no clue how high in the sky these lights truly were, but I would say that they were way up there and much higher than helicopters and drones.

I feel that I may have witnessed genuine non-man-made UFOs. Of course, there could be an earthly explanation for these. Those who have access to radar information, for example, possibly would have more definitive answers. I lost sight of the two lights once I left with family in their car. The total sighting duration was only a few minutes.

Included video is self-explanatory, but a few notes.

At the start, you hear an airplane. That plane is seen at the bottom-left of screen during the first few seconds. The plane was flying west-to-east. The two white lights are in center of screen.

I have slightly enhanced the included video in Final Cut Pro X. I added sharpness and reduced exposure for the mids and highs, so the lights are better visible. Without these slight enhancements, the lights are clearly visible nonetheless. I have that original file if requested.

I also increased these reductions at approximately 1:14 and 1:25. Because while filming, I tried to select the focus or reduce exposure in-camera, but by mistake increased the exposure brightness significantly. So the increased reductions were to try to counteract that.

Attached files

1. Video of UFOs (1920 x 1080)
2. Screen capture - highlighting Airplane and UFOs
3. Screen capture - bright blink/pulse by top UFO
4. Screen capture - Final Cut Pro X exposure
