{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-09 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504643","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54244","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/643/mufon-5504643.json","updb_database_id":5504643}
{kt}dog started growling and wanted outside, once outside, at night, I noticed the lights which were not like aircraft lights.

Monroe, GA Feb 2014

Around 2030 I was in my basement when my dog, who is usually quiet, started to growl and ran upstairs and wanted outside. I went upstairs and let him out. It was then that I noticed two red lights traveling from the NE to the SSW and the red lights slowly pulsated. I watched as the lights traveled in a straight line at what appeared to be at a low altitude, I thought this is strange because I am a private pilot, a soldier, and a paramedic and rely on staying calm while observing things. When the two red lights were almost out of sight, I saw a longer line of about 6 lights, the front 3 were red, the 4th was bigger and white and did not pulsate like the red lights, and the remaining two red lights followed. It did not make any noise that I could hear and was not like any aircraft that I have ever been exposed to. When my wife came home a few days later I told her about this event and she thought I was pulling her leg. Since the sighting I have gone outside every night trying to see them again so I can video the lights to prove what I saw. The whole time the lights were present I just kept thinking that this is strange and fascinating at the same time. I made mental notes of what I saw and what I did not see. I did not notice any strobes as on modern aircraft, I didn't see any trail of any kind, and I noticed that the lights appeared to be traveling slower than the other aircraft in the area at the time. The other aircraft were singular and had the red, green and white strobes while the lights I saw pulsated slowly, except for the white light on the second set of lights which never pulsated. After a few minutes the lights traveled out of my sight.
