{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-13 22:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492643","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66887","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4108,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/643/mufon-5492643.json","updb_database_id":5492643}
{rjl} Object chased my car 4 miles Causing other vehicles to swerve off road Chased me after witnessed its occupants board the landing craft in a nearby forest...have had further more terrifying and direct experiences this is just the first, they know I k

My fiancee and I were packing up from a weekend camping trip. In nearby trees I noticed a flashing white light. (I had been feeling somewhat queasy all morning) this light landed and I began to make out an oval/spherical craft carrying 3 ghostly white passengers and arranging to pick up 2 more. They were all somewhat uniform as far as their actions and appearance. I watched closely as the two outsiders DISSIPATED before my fiancee and I's eyes, as if the craft vaporized the beings (possible entry method..?) and as soon as they were out of sight the craft shot straight up out of sight. I walked over to inspect the area and there were no marks left on the ground but I could FEEL ever so powerfully an aura of energy rradiaing from the entire area (about 25'x20') once my fiancee and I were on our way back, our radio began cutting in and out.*** I BELIEVE I HEARD THEM SPEAK.*** Their dialect was somewhat 'minion' like (yes, you read that right. Gru's MINIONS. YES, FROM DISPICABLE ME) and I heard one of them clearly pronunciate "HELLO" and as they greeted me in my own language, I noticed the same white pulsating light closing in in my rear view mirror. No radio stations were coming in. I had to switch my truck to the reserve fuel tank (I had JUST filled the #1 tank as well but for some reason it was failing) and I gained it away from what seemed to be an enticing visit..as cars passed going the opposite direction they were stopped dead in their tracks, some swerved off the road and caused damage to the vehicle and passengers.. then the light turns blood RED. Pulsating at about an average human heart rate (60-70bpm), my terror intensified. I am now going 100+ on country roads and it's definitely not getting further, it's right up on us. From underneath I see a bright blue white light as my fiancee says "this is it" I slam to a stop, jump out with my rifle and dire an instant warning shot as soon as I get clear of my car door (I'm inside shooting out the window) and jump out. My truck turns off on its own, the craft and occupants are gone. We made it home safe but have seen those same lights again and again. Sometimes out back, sometimes right over the house. I have SEEN THESE THINGS and they do NOT I REPEAT THEY DO NOT WANT TO BE FRIENDS!!! I have come out to my truck tore open but no alarm sounding. Catalytic converters. I don't know Maybe the gold they use in them but the things keep taking my converter!!! For an f250 that's 1,000+ bucks an encounter! They'd be worth more hanging on my wall! I see them running around on occasion, during family gatherings and barbeques out back, it's like they're taunting me to make the first violent move, then I couldn't imagine what they're capable of. I sleep 2 hours a night since these things have been around. I can almost guarantee there is one on my property as I type. I have since rented a more residential home for my fiancee and the encounters have become more and more scarce but my property in Napoleon is a hotspot for these things. I only have one message for them: I am extremely interested in your culture and species, I just don't want to become a specimen of your research. Please stop harassing my family and we can see that things come to a peaceful understanding..
