{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-11 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515643","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/643/mufon-5515643.json","updb_database_id":5515643}
(GS) Bright pulsating lights in a wide bow or triangle shape, very slow moving, no sound

Our family was enjoying a late dinner, when my daughter saw some unusual lights out the back door (glass slider). Intrigued, the six of us all got up and step outside to observe. We are on a hill top location with several airports around us, so we are very accustomed to seeing various types of aircraft, but this didn't seem to match anything weve ever seen before. 

There were 3 brightly flashing lights in a bow or triangle arrangement low on the horizon to our East. The lights seemed to follow a set sequence of flashing for perhaps a minute, then change to a different pattern. Unlike regular aircraft, we could not see the standard navigation lights (white & red flashing). Each triangle point had a only single bright flashing white light. We all agreed the lights were not planes as they were moving too slow (nearly hovering). We also all agreed the light were not helicopters as: 1) there was no sound, and 2) the lights were so close we should have seen the other navigational lights. 

The configuration of lights was moving towards us slowly from the east, and was low on the horizon. From our hill top location, it was almost as if the lights were straight out from our vantage point. As the lights approached, they appeared to shift with respect to one another. We couldnt tell if the light were moving independently, or if the light were on a fixed structure that was changing its position relative to us. As the minutes went on the lights (still in a triangle arrangement) change direction and moved Northeast of our position. The light were low enough that at times they were hard to see behind some of the surrounding trees. When that happen we move to a different part of the yard to see the light clearly again. Eventually we lost sight of the lights as they disappeared off the horizon off to our N/NE.
