{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 22:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491643","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67920","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2776,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/643/mufon-5491643.json","updb_database_id":5491643}
{dr}Witnessed and video of stationary, moving, and then ascent to nowhere

There were several people (friends and family) outside at several stages of inhibriation remaining from the 4th of July fireworks that ended 1/2hr prior. The sky was overcast with some bright stars and, I believe, the constellation Sagitarius visible directly above. I'm not sure of exactly which one, whatever, but I then looked NW along the ridge line, we live along the Kanawha River Valley, and saw the UFO.
It was a bright red and orange egg-shaped object, no more than 2-5mi away, in a stationary position and that is when I went for my iPhone 5s and started to record video after all were in agreement that it was what I was seeing. In the video you will hear a female voice describe it's movement, but it remained in a still position for a few minutes and then headed along the ridge line toward us. As it came closer I was able to notice the lights in the middle and they were a greenish color, the lights were extremely bright so it was hard to be certain of the middle color, but from there it appeared as if the top and bottom were disjointed leaving me to believe that it was also "wobbling" as it was in motion.
After the motion it once again stopped for a few moments and I got a straight on look at it once again. It was now in a steady position as if it were "checkin' us out" and from there it headed straight upwards. Now to explain the "vanishing" is kind of hard to detail due to it being night and also being unaware of the specific cloud cover, but I can only give two theories as to what I saw from there. Regardless of clouds the lights were so bright that it would have been hard for the clouds to hide so much of it so easily right away. What I saw is it looked like it dissipated as if it went through a "worm-hole" kind of like Einstein explained in his Theory of Relativity and the 4th plane or dimension. I'm not a UFO enthusiast and I'm not college educated, but I am a Navy veteran and was taught attention to detail, so that is the basis for the recollection...
