{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496643","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62749","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4250,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/643/mufon-5496643.json","updb_database_id":5496643}
Multiple black triangles, 1 larger orange craft.

I was watching TV on my own when I heard what sounded like a low down aircraft so I decided to take a look outside and see what it was, assuming it was probably just a plane. What I saw instead was a black triangle. It has 4 lights in total from what I could see, 3 small white ones near each corner and a bigger red one in the middle. Throughout the time period of about an hour more of these crafts flew past, in total it was about 9. There was also one very strange craft that flew past, bigger than the black triangles. It was orange and looked as if it was made out of glass. It looked like 3 ovals all connected. Later that night when I went to bed I kept waking up in the air, I had passed through my wall and was in some kind of beam heading towards the centre of the craft. When I realised what was happening I would get instantly terrified and wake up in my bed. It could have just been a dream, if it hadn't have happened 6 times. Later that month after not seeing anything else since I woke up from a flash of light flailing my arms completely terrified, covered in sweat and all I remember was seeing a female's head-shape and hair length, no facial features or torso. I now had 3 scratches on my stomach that weren't that the night I went to bed, I also had a white, shiny powder on my knee that wasn't there previously. A few months after this event I woke up with a tall, white alien inches away from my face. My instant reaction was of course COMPLETE FEAR. But what was really strange is that within less than a second I was completely relaxed. While I was laid there I felt what I can only describe as an elctro-magnetic sensation in my brain, what it was I have no idea. There was more of these aliens in the room, which I presume was their craft, I'm not sure what they were doing exactly, they were both at separate stations standing, working on something. The one in my face was still looking at me as my eyes starting to close on their own. I couldn't move during any of this, and I made no attempt to talk, it all happened quite fast and I was in shock. When my eyes closed I woke up in my bed, perhaps not immediately but some time later. The first time I saw the crafts I took a video, but after they tried to take me multiple times that same night, I thought maybe they will leave me alone if I delete the evidence, which didn't happen. Before I woke up with the alien looking at me I was having what I think was a dream but it also felt like it might been controlled. I was at some kind of college dorm, I went in to a room and sat down and a woman who was very appealing to me started asking me questions, the only questions I remember very well is 'are you relaxed?' I remember this well because she asked me twice, when I finally responded with 'yes' everything went black, that's when I woke up with the alien staring at me. The aliens I saw were tall, white and thin. They looked somewhat liked the stereotypical grey aliens look like that you'd see in movies, except for the features I previously mentioned and that they had a line or a bump at the top middle of their head. They had no noticeable nose or ears, and a tiny slit mouth. I don't think they tried communicating with me during any of the time I was looking at them but a month after that event I heard a long beep in my left ear followed by what I can only describe as a strange alien language, now the word means nothing to me but it sounded like 'baxzor'. I apologise if I've left anything out but it's 06:26am here and I don't sleep at night any more because that's the only time it happens, so it about bedtime for me.
