{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-08-29 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482643","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77312","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/643/mufon-5482643.json","updb_database_id":5482643}
{jpg} Life changing; hair loss; possible cause of tumor; communication; vivid dreams

Around August 23rd thru the 24th of 2005; Hurricane Katrina's Eye came over my parents home. The hurricane came from the south from New Orleans and the Gulf of Mexico.... The hurricane proceeded North going over Foxworth And Columbia Mississippi from which I were living at the time with my parents... Then the hurricane went North East/East going over Hattiesburg Mississippi. Complete devastation of trees; buildings; animal life -- (such as cows and deer which were thrown against and wrapped around bob-wired fences) and were later discovered dead. In addition homes and boats completely obliterated from every angle the eye could see. 

At the time I was working on the garbage truck as a hopper for the City of Columbia. On Monday, August 29th 2005 -- (after a 12 hour day hauling rotten garbage) due to the electricity going out and everyone that didn't have a generator had to throw away everything they had in their deep freezers and refrigerators.. This event was causing serious smells at every home we arrived to extremely stinking garbage to be hauled away. Almost a week later there was still no running water. 

So in extreme need of a bath or shower and refusing to settle washing myself down with wet rags and a bowl of water... I decided to take a ride to a creek near by a church I use to attend. After arriving at the creek in pitch dark..... So dark I couldn't see my hand if placed on my nose... I stripped down and went skinny dipping feeling so refreshed washing the rotten garbage smell off my body. 

As I was washing my cloths and scrubbing myself down with icey cold creek water and soap... A Hugh round like airship with amber glowing orbs came heading straight towards me from the south.... South-west. As I was watching this object coming towards me....... completely naked while washing myself and my work cloths..... I realized this three amber yellowish lights coming towards me at a rate of speed no greater then about 30 mph and at an altitude of about 100 to 150ft; just barely clearing the tops of pine trees..... I could no longer move a muscle in my arms, legs, neck, fingers or shoulders.......  as if I were completely paralyzed or possessed as the aircraft arrived straight over my head. 
  
As the aircraft arrived straight over my body; I was completely paralyzed to any motions what so ever but I did fill the water moving. I am blessed that I was standing up in a shallow part of the creek that wasn't deeper than my waist or else I believed I would have drowned if I were swimming.  

The amber cloudy like orbs with a trace of something like a reddish yellow tent swirling inside the Amber orbs had all of a sudden turned to a white colored orb with a baby blue tent swirling inside these ivy white orbs. 

When the Orbs of this UFO was the color of Amber; and before it was coming toward me -- I was extremely scared out of my wits. All I wanted to do was run away from this UFO as fast as I could. 

However seconds after the orbs of this UFO turned white then swirled the baby blue tent inside of its orb.... 
I felt a connection some how with this craft. I instantly went from being scared and wanting to run in the opposite direction of this UFO to feeling at peace. I felt that what ever this object was had no attention in harming me. I still have no idea what it could have been if it was not no UFO because it had absolutely no sound while moving or hovering over my head. There was some heat to the light but it wasn't hot enough to burn me. It seemed as if it read my mind to determine not burn me because as the few moments it was scanning me the lights got really hot and I asked it to not burn me in my mind and the lights started to dim to where it wasn't hot anymore. 

This Ufo seem to hover over my head for about 5-10 minutes then the ivy white-baby blue orb like lights turned yellowish amber again and started to fly from SouthEast-East going toward Columbia and flying toward Hattiesburg Mississippi. I saw the amber colored orbs coming toward me at a distance of about 300 yards as it appeared just over the tree-tops and I lost sight of the amber colored orb disk like object about 50-80 yards as it flew toward Columbia just over the tree-tops. The UFO never seemed to ascend or descend in altitude the entire time it was in my sight. 

This was the last time I have ever encountered a UFO up close and personal.  I have only encountered lights before this that would shoot across the sky like a shooting star and all of a sudden move in a completely different direction of travel like a V shape in the sky.

After this encounter I raced back home and my parents asked me where have I been because about 5 hours had passed by on something that I felt only took a minutes. I remember leaving right after it turned dark at about 7pm and got home just minutes before midnight. And a week after this encounter I started receiving hair loss. My hair fell out and never grew back till this day. 

In 2004 I had a MRI to determine if I had any back problems for an interview to be a roustabout for Diamond offshore; but my father told me to stay in college and to not take the job. The MRI's taken in 2004 showed absolutely nothing wrong with me. But after this encounter in 2005 I started to get minor back pains. 

In 2007 after getting a associates degree in Electronics at PRCC I took a job with AT&T to work in New Orleans to help rebuild the damage the hurricane caused by flood waters that got so high in some areas that actually got in the cables of the telephone poles and over the peak of houses roofs at a height of 25 foot. 

On September 1st 2009 I had to have a tumor that got removed from inside my spinal cord. The doctor wanted to remove the tumor because it got so large inside my spinal cord that it busted out of my spinal cord and was wrapping around the vertabras outside of my spinal cord. Doctor [moved to FI Section/CMS/jpg] (ranked in the top 10 of all surgeons in this field in the USA) wanted to remove this tumor because he was scared it was going to rupture the main artery that runs down the spinal cord. If this artery got ruptured I would have bleed to death within minutes before I could get any medical attention and if I did get to the hospital no doctor would be able to diagnose the problem before I bleed to death internally. 

In addition ever since this encounter I have been getting nightmares of being adducted and taken right outside of Earths orbit to a bee hive honey cone like mothership and not being able to move or wake up until I am returned back to my bedroom.   

I don't know if I have ever was adducted or if they caused this tumor or if I have been implanted with something that hasn't showed up on an MRI other that this tumor that was inside my spinal cord or if these nightmares that seems extremely real are an actual reality and not just dreams; but I do know for a fact I have never had any back problems since this encounter in 2005. 

I haven't told many people about what I saw in the summer of 2005 because the people I did mention this too including family looks at me as if I am lying; trying to receive attention; or just simply thinks I am crazy for the dreams I have been receiving or the encounter I witnessed. 

However I am extremely curious if anyone in the state of Southern Mississippi saw these lights I witnessed in the summer of 2005; just days after the worst hurricane that hit in the history of United Stated of America. A hurricane that did the most damage cost wise in United States history. 

I am not looking for attention. But I am curious if anyone has witness anything similar to the most painful and terrifying surgery I was left with after an encounter that will change my life forever. 

Thank You 

Sincerely:

[Name removed/cms/tg]
