{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-03 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521659","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2939,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/659/mufon-5521659.json","updb_database_id":5521659}
definitely a ufo, but my guess would be that this was a test flight

Background: Northern IL, cold night, mostly clear sky under a slight chemtrail haze.
I noticed an enormous ring around the moon which caught my attention. I realized it was just due to chemtrail haze but a strange sight nonetheless. It looked like a giant clock face in the night sky with the moon in the center. I noticed what appeared at first to be a very, very bright star at approximately 7 oclock in relation to the moon. I then saw it moving across the sky like a satellite or something so didn't think too much about it. Several minutes later I saw it at approximately 5 oclock, still didn't think much about it. I was working so I was doing some computer work in my truck (I work outside) and started staring at the bright object. It seemed to have stopped moving for more than several minutes. Out of nowhere it starts making maneuvers. Maneuvers like Ive never seen anything make. It did circles, zig-zags, accelerated rapidly at times, broke left, broke right, broke left then right, anything you can think of that an airplane of any type could never do, it did. Ive always kept an open mind to ufos and know that our government has technology like this so Im not saying that there were aliens aboard or anything, but this was definitely an unidentified flying object. The really amazing thing was that from where I was standing it almost looked like it was in space or maybe near space, regardless it was very far away from my location. Yet its motions at times seemed like a firefly the way it wobbled and changed dirtection. For it to be that far away from me and still move at those speeds and directions really says a lot about its actual capabilities. It has been 2 1/2 hours now and it is still up there in the same 5 oclock location. The moon I would say is approximately at 130 degs going east to west or 50 degs going west to east, and the craft is at 5 oclock from that at 10pm on 1/3/12. Truly a sight to see. I wish I had a good camera for taking night shots but the best I have is my cell phone and it would barely show up due to the brightness of the moon. I called a friend of mine who is always telling me about ufos so he could see it for himself. He verified, for my sanity, that he was watching the same thing from 25 miles away from my location.
