{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-02 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292659","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110659","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6225,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/659/mufon-5292659.json","updb_database_id":5292659}
Bright red light on unkown object appears in western sky before changing direction then disappearing and reappearing multiple times before ascending

At around 9:20PM I observed an extremely bright red light in the western sky. I had been taking my cat outside on a leash in my parents' backyard at the time and was looking up at the stars which were very visible. I had been looking around the sky and immediately spotted the object when there had been nothing in the same spot seconds earlier. Upon noticing the object I had an immediate sensation of fear and panic and also noticed around this time, my cat had uncharacteristically stopped playing and felt him lay near my feet. Upon further inspection I could see a faint outline and the bright red light appeared to be in the center of an ovular shape. The light at first seemed to be hovering or moving extremely slowly at a distance of about 2 miles away from myself and 30 degrees from the horizon. I immediately ruled out this being a known plane or helicopter based on the size and power of the light as well as the way the object hovered and made no sound. After staring for a few moments the object moved toward me, gradually appearing to get larger, travelling west to east at a slow pace. As the object approached I had a sensation of being watch and became afraid. I decided to grab my cat, put him indoors and notify my parents to come out and see the object. I returned to the backyard with my mother after no more than approximately 30 seconds and both spotted the object had drastically changed direction and was now traveling south ascending at a faster but still slow speed. After another minute, my father also came outside and viewed the object. At this time there was no visible shape that I could see but the red light remained very bright and constant. The movement of the object seemed very strange and is hard to describe. My mother went inside to fetch her glasses, while my father and I remained outside. At this time it was in the southern sky to the right of what I believe is Jupiter and shined brighter than the planet. I used my phone's camera to attempt to take a video or picture of this. I was able to capture a photo using the phone's night mode but I was shaking in fear at this time so the lights (the object and planet to it's right) appeared as streaks of light in the picture. I also managed to take 2 still pictures of the object in standard photo mode. The object abruptly dimmed the red light before disappearing completely from the sky. The abrupt disappearance seemed to leave a (hard to describe) small hole in the sky where the object once was. My mother returned after my father and I had witnessed the object disappearance. As we told her what happened we set up seats to view the sky further. After around 15 minutes we spotted what first appeared to be a faint star in the south sky but was more south eastern than the previous object. The object (unknown if this is the same object) moved in odd directions quickly and rapidly change directions without slowing or banking. This object did not appear to have a color (though I am slightly colorblind) and was very faint but still easy to see. This object did not seem to leave the same disturbance upon disappearing as far as I could tell. Another 10-15 minutes passed with apparently no activity before we saw again a bright red light immediately appear at a much further distance but in the same general area in the western sky to the right of what I assume is Jupiter. The object traveled west for a few seconds before effortlessly and instantly changed direction and speed(similar to the previous object sighted.) The object then started travelling up at a steady and visible ascension. The light grew dimmer upon the ascent until fading out completely. After this nothing else was sighted. The first sighting lasted approximately 5-10 minutes, the second sighting about a minute, and the last sighting 2 minutes. During these periods, no planes were visible to us. After the last incident, a passenger plane flew by but then 2 planes that appeared smaller flew in close proximity in the airspace the bright red object had been in. It is unknown if these planes were related or not. Another thing to note is that prior to tonight, I had read a news article on the subject of UFO's and recent headlines involving them and sarcastically, I verbally said "show me something!" Within 30 seconds the object appeared. I know stating this is possibly detrimental to my credibility but cannot help to believe the object initially moved directly towards me until further witnesses appeared and the object rapidly changed directions. I have never before seen anything like this and can not adequately describe the physical, psychological a mental disruption felt during this event. While I lean towards being open towards the possibility of UFO I would describe myself as a rational, skeptic by nature and scientific individual. My father who served in the military did not think that the object behaved as if it was any aircraft he had seen. The pictures are not great but all I could capture in the moment as video was impossible due to the dark.
