{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-05-17 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452659","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108978","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2359,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/659/mufon-5452659.json","updb_database_id":5452659}
Driving home and seen UFO hovering

Reno, Nevada 2001 . It was a nice evening I was driving home from the grocery store back in 2001 , it was aboit to get dark but still light outside and not a cloud in the sky and out of nowhere in front of me but up in sky hovering I see a UFO just like the description of what you read about .. This was a large saucer UFO with blinking type lights .i was able to call my husband and tell him to go outside and look in the sky becausse this happened so clpse to our home within 2,000 feet id guess. Back in 2001 our cell phones did not have cameras or at least if so. I didn't. If my phone did id tell you that this wojld5 be the best photo ever taken because in fact that is how close I was to this object.. I had called into art bell on this evening to report it and actually was able to talk live on the radio and always hoped someone else would come forward and tell me they seen it as well. I recall seein at least 1- 2 cars on the road during this time . my husband didnt even get to witness because he for some reason went out the house using the back door which was facing a mountain wich was the opposite way of where5 he would have been able to get a look... North McCarran Blvd is a long stretch of road that takes you from one side to the other in Reno and id say this UFO hovered about a min and a half same spot and then out of nowhere it vanished not a sound or any sort of marks left in the sky like a normal craft would have made it was like nothing had ever been there. I am rh negative if that matters any, I have learned recently that people dh3 negative are more prone to see these sorts of things? Still alot of things in this world we dont know about however this is what I seen and I remember like it was yesterday.
