{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-12 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498659","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60515","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/659/mufon-5498659.json","updb_database_id":5498659}
{nd} Large star-like object communicated telepathically, ascended with smaller star-like object.

I was watering the grass in front of my apartment building at 815 Sherman St in Denver, Colorado at about 3 a.m.. The date was during the time of the London Summer Olympics in the year 2012, so I think it was early August. 
I looked the east at the sky as I often look at the sky at night when I water the grass. 
Across the street (east) of where I was standing there is a parking lot. Positioned at the northeast corner of the lot is a tall evergreen like tree, it may be close to 100 feet tall. 
The star was positioned so that if you looked above the tip of the tree you would see it. The star was larger than the pinpoints of light that most stars appear to be and I wondered at it. 
I began to be afraid it might be a UFO that would abduct me, as I had read about such things but had never had that happen to me. 
A young caucasian male was walking south across the street and I asked him if he could see the bright star. He said something but I couldn't hear him, he didn't speak very loudly, but he kept walking. 
I sent the star a mental/telepathic I guess you would say, question. I asked if it was sent from the Christ (Jesus) and if so would it blink off and back on. The star dimmed down and lit back up again. I then asked (again inaudibly/telepathically) if it was here for the rapture? It dimmed down and lit up again twice. 
As I watched the star it ascended straight up slowly and then, south of its position, I noticed a smaller regular sized star, I guess you would call it; it also ascended but at an angle toward the larger star and they both went out of sight. 
I wrote down what I saw and made a note of the time and date as much as possible. There is a six-story apartment complex being built in the parking lot across from me now , October, 2014 so it may block out the evergreen tree later. I did tell a few others about this and managed to even report to the Coast to Coast AM radio show to one of their investigators, Linda Multon Howe on late night when I called their toll free number. I could easily draw what I saw. I also reported this to another UFO reporting website but I don't remember now who it was.
