{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491659","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67902","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2492,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/659/mufon-5491659.json","updb_database_id":5491659}
{dr}happened several times with family witnesses, once it turned 90 degrees and sped off. don't know what it was.

sightings were spread over several wks, sometimes I was alone outside of my home observing the stars when the object would go over. I described the glowing object to family members. My wife and I seen this once also. I called my daughter outside on two sightings and she also saw the object. then one night I was telling my other daughter and her husband about these sightings while walking out to their car, and he looked up and said like that. I said yes, then that one turned 90 degrees from the first flightpath and sped off quickly getting smaller as it left our view. That one lasted only about 30 seconds or so.
I have no idea what these were, sometime they would seem to hover or move slowly they were very bright and sometimes close with no noise. Other times they would go over at a higher altitude but quite below the clouds, again not making any noise. I felt like that if I told someone they wouldn't believe what I had saw. That is why I would tell my wife, daughters and son in law about them. They were called outside to view some of them with me just to make sure, I was seeing what I thought I was seeing. Well: at least they said if I was crazy, then they were to, because they saw it. For a while there I had been watching for shooting stars on clear to slightly cloudy nights when I would see these things. Sorry I can't give a better description and have no photos, I can't tell what I don't know. I don't know quite a lot about these. The time my son in law and daughter saw that one it was traveling from south to north slowly and then turned east very quickly leaving quick and fading out of sight. Witnesses were at different times, wife, two daughters and a son in law. I got to wondering if these things were watching me, so I quit checking for them. Wierd !
