{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468659","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3466,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/659/mufon-5468659.json","updb_database_id":5468659}
I woke paralyzed being was hovering over me communicated w me via esp I saw the craft it came in...It touched my solarplex

I am describing my first experience that I can remember here. I believe I was nine yrs old. I had gone to bed that Saturday night probably between the hrs of ten and eleven pm. I lived in Cambridge Ontario, Canada. My bedroom was on the top floor of our house in a turret. There was a single bed on either side of the room which was in the shape of an octogenarian. I woke in a start and looked over at the other bed and saw my cat sleeping there. He always did. I then looked at the clock radio which had been acting strangely over the past few weeks. It had been turning itself on and off all by itself. Usually around the same time at night. Perhaps I had gotten so used to it that1s why I had woken... but the time on it said it was 12;15 am. I tried to roll over and go back to sleep. Suddenly I found myself paralyzed on my back unable to move. There was a very small and short being beside me to the left. The right side of my bed was up against the wall. This being was also a shadow. It began to communicate with me via esp. I was somehow able to communicate back with it the same way. I do not remember everything. I do remember it asking me if I wanted to join it on its ship... Then suddenly the craft appeared by the window and green, greenish blue and, violet lights were flashing from a silver disk like UFO that was being operated by others than what was in the room with me. It hovered there for several minutes. During this period of time the shadowy being took what was to me, it1s index finger and touched me on my solarplex I then woke in a start. My cat was not on the other bed and the clock radio said it was only midnight. I thought I had experienced a bad dream. The following morning I went to get into the shower and on my solarplex was a marking. It remained there for a number of years and was very sensitive. It comes and goes now. When that spot on me is touched I feel as if endorphins are being released. 

I have had other experiences since this one such as sightings of strange things in the sky and being paralyzed in bed. Seeing strange lights flash and shadows. However none were quite like this. I also had some inorganic materials exit my body only several months ago which, I am not comfortable showing to a doctor.
