{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282659","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2407,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/659/mufon-5282659.json","updb_database_id":5282659}
Saw something that I didn’t understand at the time

I remember that it was late probably around midnight. I woke up out of a dead sleep and that’s something I never did back then. My curtains weren’t closed like normal and I sat up and looked out and saw something moving at tree top level. Now I’m used to seeing planes flying over the house at night. I lived not far from the Air Force base and we were in the flight paths but this wasn’t A plane. As it got closer I could see that it was really big like bigger then a football Field. I’d say probably 2 football fields in size. I could see that it was disk shaped but the top half had lights and a lot of them. I moved in a straight line. When it was about to go over our house I could tell it made no sound at all nothing not even vibrations. As it when over our house I ran from my room through the house and put the back door and kept watching it. It came to a hover over the big field by our house. A beam of light shot out from the bottom of it. I looked like the light was looking for something. That went on for about 10 minutes and then the beam of light shut off and the disk shot up at about a 45 angle into the sky faster then anything I had ever seen. I walked back in the house. Thinking ok I donno what that was maybe Was dreaming. I walked back into my room and looked at the clock and got even more weirded out because it was almost 5 am. To me it felt like I had only been watching it for like 15 or 30 minutes. The fact that 4 hours went by and I have no memory of 3 and a half hours of it still bothers me to this day. Since that night there have been several times that I feel like I am missing time as well. I also can’t sleep in a room with no light of some sort of on. As I feel like there is someone or something there in the shadows.
