{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-28 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506302","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52503","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2984,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/302/mufon-5506302.json","updb_database_id":5506302}
{nd} seen object in S/SW sky flashing bright colors able to see through telescope for over an hour.

On Thanksgiving, November 28,2013, my partner and I was leaving the RV to go inside the house when I looked into the southern sky as I do every night. This time I saw something glowing and changing color faster the a cuttlefish. I ask him if he could see it because I was not wearing my eye glasses. He said he could and I asked him to get the binoculars out of the RV. 
We could see it but I saw two flashing items. But we could see it and it was no plane. I went to the house to get our nephew. He came out and confirmed that he was seeing it two. My partner got my telescope. We set it up and the object stayed in place. 
When I looked I was amazed! I told them to look too. It was changing colors fast! It had a haze1around it. But you could see a pattern on it. It looked like a computers motherboard cut into a circle. Our nephews son had came out and he looked. He started asking what it was? 
We watched for over an hour making small adjustments to the telescope. Our nephew went inside when his wife came out. But his son stayed.
We noticed that we could see smaller objects on it. It was almost like watching a city in action. The object did not seem to be in any hurry, but we did not know who to contact. It would change directions, it would stop and hover. Because of telephone wires, it stopped with a wire deviding it in half from our view and all three of us saw it. I did try to take video, but since I could not see it on my tablet I turned it off. I saw the video I did take and yes it is jerky it show the object changing colors fast. I did try to contact the local news by sending an email, but nothing. I was hoping to have some one else see it. We did think it might be a plane until one flew right towards it and then headed northeast. Not a blimp. It was clearly round and was not connected to anything. It was bright and there was no shadows. The object its self had a haze about it. I was able to focus on a pattern and watch things follow a path.
After an hour we went inside and after anther hour it was still there. It had just moved towards the southwest. 
We all saw it but have no idea what it was. I was glad to see it and with other witnesses.
