{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-07-04 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548302","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11230","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4677,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/302/mufon-5548302.json","updb_database_id":5548302}
Super elaborate story, Over several hours, UFO came closer to the house accross the Valley until it crossed nearly over the house, only a several tens of feet away

It was sometime in the Summer when I was anywhere between 9 and 11 years old. ( I was born in 1986). My nieghbors and best friends had a neighborhood party. The kids were outside, the parents were inside. This was around the time that X-Files was really popular and one of the boys had just received a telescope. We decided to do a "sky watch" and look for UFO's, but that got old quickly because a) we were kids and b) we didn't' think we would actually see anything. At one point, maybe around 7pm, I went back to the telescope to look through it and see what I could see. My friend's house sits on a hill that overlooks a valley. At the other end of the valley I could see what looked like an airplane, but only because it had lights (blue, red, white). Called my friends over, "It's a plane." So we went back to playing in the yard. Maybe an hour later I went back to the telescope. The thing I had been looking at was still in the same spot. Over an hour it would have moved somewhere if is had been a plane, or even a star/planet for that matter. But it was still really far away so we when back to playing. Maybe another hour later we went to look in the telescope again and the object was much closer, maybe half the distance it had been previously, but still too far away to have been an airplane. This intrigued our creative minds so we all sat down on the back porch, put the telescope aside, and decided to watch it. Over the next hour, it was dark by now, it got closer and closer ever so slowly until it became so close that it literally flew over the tree line at the edge of the yard, no more than a hundred feet away. It was as if it knew we were watching it and was letting us get a good look. It was egg-shaped and looked like what I would compare to brushed-steel. Around the center there were flashing lights, flashing in no particular order, all different colors, not just the red, blue, and white we had observed before. It was no bigger than a VW Beetle. It made no sound. My friend (who was my age) and I ran inside as fast as we could. I sat with my dad, terrified, and said nothing. My friend ran to his parents and said nothing as well. My brother, his brother, and several of our other friends ran after the object and returned 15-20 minutes later. Their faces were blank and they said nothing. When my friend and I asked them about where they had been they got angry and said it was nothing.
The really messed up part comes in only a few years ago. My friends and I had never discussed it, but I still could not get it out of my mind. Enough time had past that I thought maybe it had been a dream. I was visiting my best friend from that night (who had since moved) and pulled him aside. I said something like, "Please don't laugh or think I'm crazy, but I have to run something by you because I don't know if it was a dream or it was real and it's really bothering me." He says, "What?" I say, "Do you remember when were were younger, like 10 maybe, and we did a sky watch and thought we might have seen something?" His face goes white and says, "I thought that might have been a dream too." We were so excited we quickly ran to ask our brothers if they too remembered that night we never talked about. Scary thing is, they don't. They don't remember it and they even got upset with us that we were trying to play a trick on them. So the way I see it, my friend and I ran inside and remember the whole episode. The guys who ran after it and were gone for 15-20 minutes, don't remember it at all.
I think about his event often and quite frankly, I wish it had never happened. I hope I never see anything like that again, but to this day, I have to sleep with the windows locked shut and blinds down. Maybe it's irrational, but I have never been so scared in my life.
Unfortunately we don't have any pictures. I wish we did though because they would probably be insanely good.
