{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-06-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288302","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115066","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/302/mufon-5288302.json","updb_database_id":5288302}
I was the last man standing after arriving late to a bachelor party in the Cuyamaca forest. I witnessed two distinctly different groups of UAP.

I had arrived late in the evening to a bachelor party for a friend, being held in the Cuyamaca forest outside San Diego. The entire group had been partying all day, and they assembled for one last look at the view from the cliff that overlooked a valley below us, and, across from us, another campground. One male individual I didn't know fell asleep there on the cliff, and the rest were headed for bed, so being that I was wide awake I offered to keep watch over him and guide him down to the camp when he finally came to.

While I was sitting there in the quiet darkness, I saw movement in the campground across from me. At first, I couldn't quite reconcile what I was seeing with what I assumed must be happening, the movement of some sort of vehicles, possibly motorcycles or ATV's, since instead of twin headlights each of the three orange, glowing circles of light I saw were single spots of light. 

What struck me as odd was two details: there was no noise whatsoever, despite the stillness all around us, and they were moving independently of each other in a very smooth, rapid, almost figure 8 pattern over the entirety of that campground. I had never seen any vehicle move through dense woods at such speeds, but it didn't really hit me that something was amiss until I did see a Jeep or similar vehicle driving down on of the twisting roads that wound through the campground. Unlike the brightly glowing, seemingly large in size orange orbs, these were clearly a pair of much dimmer, yellower headlights and I could hear the engine and movement of that vehicle plain as day.

That's when a few things happened simultaneously. I froze in shock, felt goosepimples and the hair standing up along both arms, and despite my mind sceaming at me for a fight or flight response, I was immobilized, transfixed, utterly absorbed by what I was seeing.

It seemed impossible that anything could be that close the ground, moving that rapidly among campers, without a single sound or observable awake person noticing. I tried frantically to revive the slumbering partygoer at my feet, but he was out cold. 

Then, out of the corner of my right eye, something completely unexpected happened, as an orb appeared less than 75 feet away from us, rising into view from just below the edge of the cliff we were standing on. It was pulsing with light, bright orange, noiseless, and hovering with a slight up and down bobbing motion. It felt very much like it was checking us out. The harder I tried to face it directly and get a good look, the more immobilized I became. That was when I felt fear.

It dipped down below the edge of the cliff out of view, and that's when I looked up, almost as if I had been instructed to do so.

There, in the distant night sky, were three dazzlingly bright white lights in a sort of triangular formation. If they were attached to a physical craft, I couldn't see it. It could have just easily been three separate individual lights as opposed to, say, the lights at the corners of a triangle as I have seen depicted elsewhere. They were more or less stock still and also completely noiseless. They were significantly brighter than any of the stars in the starry, clear night sky, and much closer.

Just as my fear was about to ratchet up another several notches at this unexpected sight, a calming presence, not quite a voice, but definitely a communication of some sort, a transmission, emerged very clearly in my mind. The message was, "We are watching them watch you. You are in no danger. We will not let them harm you."

I can't say that ordinarily that would be comforting, considering the source, but indeed an odd calm fell upon me, and I was more or less able to watch the rest of what happened more dispassionately, more out of curiosity than panic.

Almost immediately after that message was conveyed, the orb on my right appeared yet again. After hovering in place for a bit it again dipped out of sight. 

This continued on and off for the rest of the time we were there until sunrise, with other orange orbs still weaving through the campground in the distance, until sunrise, when suddenly all six apparitions vanished as if they had never been. I wasn't quite sure what to make of any of it, but I had zero doubts as to what I had seen. I just didn't know what it meant. And I wasn't quite sure how I was going to tell everyone.

I waited for everyone to wake up and pulled aside the few gentlement I knew best, trying to describe everything that had happened. They stood there taking it in, and they were hard-pressed to mask their skepticism. They threw out possible explanations, but none of them accounted for what I had seen.

I have related my account to a few people over the years, but it was at least a decade after that night that I read about other instances of glowing orbs. However, I had never heard of an account of two separate species of aliens occupying the same space and time.

To this day, I can't say for certain what it was, only what it wasn't: it was decidedly not a commonplace, gas-powered vehicle. The were truly unidentified aerial pehnomena.
