{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-30 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525302","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30460","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/302/mufon-5525302.json","updb_database_id":5525302}
Glowing object. When illuminated with spotlight glowing ceased. Gray craft.

I was out walking the dogs shortly before 9pm EDT. I observed a very bright "fireball" looking object on the northern horizon. This object proceeded on a southerly course and flew directly over top of me. Altitude was approximately 2-3,000 feet. The object had a very bright red light that appeared to be at the front portion of the rotating craft. This first object, after passing over me, vanished. 

I then noticed a second object, exact same characteristics, once again appear on the northern horizon. At this point I asked my wife and daughter to come out and look at the object. My wife brought her DSLR 14MP camera. Once again, the object was a rotating circular orb with an extremely bright red light. It followed the exact same course/heading as the first craft (North to South ... straight line). Altitude was approximately 2-3,000 feet and speed was similar to that of a commercial jet flying at the altitude. 

This time, my wife was able to take two pictures of the object. They are attached. More importantly, I grabbed a 15 million candlepower spotlight and began to shine it directly on the object at its closest approach to us (nearly overhead). After 4-5 bursts of the spotlight, the bright red light on the object immediately ceased. I continued to shine the light on the object and was able to observe the following:

> The object appeared solid.
> The object had a round, circular shape.
> The object was clearly rotating or spinning.
> The object appeared to be 1/3 the size of a commercial airliner at that altitude.
> The object had a dull gray or dull silver color that reflected the spotlight beam.
> The object continued on a southerly course, with no visible light, until we could no longer see it.

I am an avid amateur astronomer with many years of experience. I also am very well versed in meteorology. I know what commercial and military aircraft look like, as we are in the flight path of commercial and military airports. I also know that the atmosphere was clear and stable at the time of the sighting. I know what most objects are in the sky... such as planets, stars, constellations, satellites etc. I firmly believe that the object that was witnessed by my wife, daughter and me was not something that I have ever seen before. It was certainly extraordinary. I think I am most puzzled by the way the object immediately cut out its light when I focused a spotlight on it. It certainly took my breath away to see the shape and color of the solid object. 

Please feel free to contact me if you would like to discuss this further.
