{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-29 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529302","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26228","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/302/mufon-5529302.json","updb_database_id":5529302}
A black triangular craft with dim white lights at each corner silently flew low and fast over eastern Tulsa, heading due north.

I realized that I was running out of time to enjoy night walks around my college campus before the weather got cold, so I decided to take a quick stroll around campus. Unfortunately, I was alone and have no witnesses that can back up my story. I left my apartment around 11:00pm, and eventually arrived near the school library at approximately 11:25pm. There, I decided to take a break and relax on one of the benches while enjoying the cool night air and looking at the stars.

I was facing north-northeast while sitting on the bench. Despite being near the city, there were some stars visible. There were no clouds that night, and the temperature was perhaps in the high 50s (Fahrenheit).

I had been sitting on the bench for only a minute when movement in the sky at about my 9 o'clock position caught my attention. The time was shortly before 11:30pm. I looked up and to my left, expecting to see a flock of birds. What I saw was three small white objects in a triangular formation heading due north, the point of the triangle leading. Birds and bats roost at the top of the library, and it was quite common to see them flying around the library area at night. Originally this is what I thought I was seeing, but there were two problems with that. First, I noticed that the white objects were round orbs instead of bird-shaped or bat-shaped, and these things did not seem to be flapping any wings. Second, never once did these things break their triangular formation or change direction the way birds in flight would.

That was when I realized that I was not looking at birds or bats illuminated by the glow from the library, but dim white lights. At the same moment, I realized that there was a mass behind the lights that was slightly darker than the rest of the sky. I was not looking at three separate objects, but three lights positioned at the tips of a larger triangular object. The lights were slightly fainter than most of the stars that night, and did not pulse or change color. The craft was approximately the size of an airliner, and I believe it was flying around 5,000 feet. I cannot guess the speed of the craft, but it was moving fast enough to be out of sight in a few seconds; so, much faster than any airplane or helicopter. As I watched, I was puzzled by what I was observing. It definitely was not a flock of birds or bats, there were no aeronautical lights that would indicate it to be a normal aircraft, there was absolutely no sound, and the lights were moving much too fast for them to be satellites passing overhead. That was when I realized that I was observing a literal Unidentified Flying Object. A few seconds later, the craft and its lights disappeared into the night and the glow of the city. At no point did the craft alter its speed or heading, make any sound, or change its appearance in any way. The entire encounter must have lasted a mere five seconds.

As I watched the craft move, I was struck by four things: 
1) I had absolutely no reasonable explanation for what I was witnessing. I have seen countless helicopters and airplanes fly over the campus at night in the years that I have been attending school, so I know exactly what airplanes, helicopters, satellites, shooting stars, and birds or bats look like at night. This object was obviously not any of those things.
2) I was struck by how vividly I was witnessing something that defied explanation. Yes, the lights and the triangular craft were dim, but there is no doubt in your mind when you see the dim moon during the day either. Similarly, I was completely sure of what I was seeing, and that it was real. There was no question in my interpretation, which was the next thing that struck me.
3) The only explanation I had for this clear evidence was a UFO.
4) The final thing that surprised me was when I started thinking back on what I had just seen. Despite the speed, large size, and close proximity of the object, it was perfectly silent and drew almost no attention to itself. Had I not been looking in the right place at the right time, I would have missed it completely without even knowing there was anything around to miss. This thing was amazingly inconspicuous.

I don1t know what this object was, but I know what it wasn1t. It definitely was not any sort of helicopter or airplane like I1ve ever seen, bird or bat, balloon, natural phenomenon, or trick of the eye. Simply put, I have no reasonable idea what this thing was.
