{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-24 23:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530302","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5831,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/302/mufon-5530302.json","updb_database_id":5530302}
Red pulsating lit craft lights up brightly whitish yellow and cylinder object emerges twice.

My husband and I travel during all hours of the day and night. We are currently commercial drivers. 

The night of August 24th, 2010, I was driving thru Idaho on I-84 eastbound my husband in the passenger seat. The weather was clear, there was not a cloud in the sky that we could see. The moon was a full moon that made for a bright night sky that could cast shadows of objects on the ground. 

I had gone past Boise and was approximately at mile marker 80 when I noticed a bright light in the distance ahead of me and slightly to the right. (East bound)  It was yellowish orange in color and was just above the horizon. It lit up for about 5 seconds and went away. It was in the direction of Mountain home, which has an air force base. It didn1t appear to move, however I thought it may have been a large aircraft in the distance turning off it1s lights possibly after take off. I mentioned seeing it to my husband. Since he has previous military experience working in avionics mechanics with military attack choppers; we discussed what possible craft it may have been.

About 20 minutes later, as we came near Mountain Home, Idaho, the light lit up again. It appeared to be about a quarter of a mile away in comparison to the town and objects around it. It was over the town of Mountain home on the south side of the interstate. It was approximately 400-500 feet off the ground hovering. We could now see clearly two bright lights close to one another. In comparison to the size and the objects around it, the size of the two lights together were approximate to the near size wingspan of a 747. It was lit up brightly and hovering for five seconds and then disappeared. We could see no silhouette of the lights or the craft after it disappeared. We could clearly see the sky behind where it was seen hovering lit up. 

This peaked our amazement for neither of us knew of anything similar to that in an aircraft or helicopter that would just hover and disappear. We talked about what it might have been but could not come to any rational conclusion. Still traveling down the road now at about mile marker 97, I pointed to a pulsating red light that had a small yellow light to the left of it. This object was just in front of us on the north side of the road, moving to the south side. I pointed to this object, mentioning that the other bright light couldn1t have been a helicopter like this red light probably was. 

As I was talking about this theory, the red light object was on the south side of the highway. We had driven up closer to it and it was only about 150-200 yards away from the highway and was only about 200 feet off the ground. My husband was looking directly at the object. At 11:19 mountain time.
	My husbands account: 1At first I saw two square lights appear directly across from each other as the red light faded away. I opened the window to get a clearer view. The light was a bright yellowish orange. A red light reappeared directly below and to the left of the left square. At that time this immense light lit up the entire object and I saw a cylinder object that was attached with the red light separate from the brightly lit object. At first it almost slowly moved off. Directly after the separation the brightly lit object disappeared. The cylinder object then snaked off quickly and continued south. About four to five seconds later the first red pulsating craft reappeared. It repeated its self in the exact same manner slightly to the right of the original cylinder separation. The immense light again disappeared and there were two cylinder shaped craft with red pulsating lights moving across the sky.1

We did not notice any sound. 

I had personally witnessed the first time the craft lit up but did not witness the separation due to having to watch the road, however as my husband in his excitement told me what he was seeing I looked over, had slowed way down and witnessed the second separation. We were now past the objects separation area and we wanted to pull over to get a look at anything else that was happening. I pulled over less than a mile away. We turned off the truck and got outside to look behind where the craft had been. 

We saw both craft with pulsating red lights flying around, hovering at times. The lights would stay on for a bit at times then pulsate at others. The craft would disappear and reappear in different places quickly but still in the same general area. They would follow each other. They were flying very low over homes. We took a look around the sky and noticed there were no other happenings going on. Traffic was slow but steady. We would see trucks or cars pass approximately every 20 or 30 seconds at best. I did not notice any other spectators stopped. We watched these craft fly around in this pattern until about 11:45 when we saw a fast moving jet coming towards the area from the east. It appeared not to be a commercial craft. As the jet came closer the two red pulsating cylinder craft flew quickly off back over the highway towards the northwest. The jet appeared to be tracking them.

When we sat back in our vehicle the time was 11:49pm.
