{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-07-14 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489200","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3281,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/200/mufon-5489200.json","updb_database_id":5489200}
UFO Seen, animal mutliations observed afterward

During 2004 my military unit was deployed to Baqubah, Iraq to support Operation Iraqi Freedom. The FOB (forward operating base) that we were stationed in had a large area directly to the west of the FOB that contained old demolished houses that used to house the military personnel when Iraqi Army used to operate out of the area (FOB known as FOB Gabe).

This housing zone had already been picked clean of all metal and anything remotely of value. 

I was on site security at the time of 2315 when I first noticed a bluish light hovering above the old housing area. At first I believed it may have been a flare or an illumination round of some sort. I did not hear a report (from launch or ignition) that would accompany an illumination flare or round.

I attempted to call in the information to my sergeant of the guard, but neither my handheld radio, nor the military radio which utilizes frequency hop FM modulation was able to make a connection to either my SOG nor the battalion radio center.

The light did not flicker as a star would; it did not move - it just hung there, silent.

After between 10-15 minutes the light shot directly up into the sky and disappeared. 

I placed this information in my report once my security shift ended at 0000.

When daylight broke we went into the old housing area as a platoon and explored to ensure it was not a flare or other device being utilized by anti-US forces for communications.

During our exploration of the area we found exactly 37 dog corpses. All dogs were female and all the dogs were mutilated in an extremely similar manner: A small incision was placed into the stomach of the canine, but all of the internal organs of the dogs were removed. 

The official report was that it was Iraqi citizens utilizing dogs for food, but I don't know of any way to remove all organs from an incision that couldn't be more than 2 inches in length.

It is my belief that the light that I witnessed was a UFO. The old housing area was known to be full of dogs (as is pretty much any city area in Iraq). I believe this event had the objective of obtaining dog organs for some purpose unknown.

Additionally, there was never a single dog heard or seen in that old housing area for the rest of our deployment.

The local Iraqi's claimed it is a standard practice of a Djinn, which is a demon creature much like the fable of the Genie.

My battalion commander interviewed me intensely based on my report and stated that I would be better off to not relay my "conspiracy theories" to anyone as it may have a very detrimental effect on my military career. I have kept quiet until today.
