{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-24 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519200","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2993,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/200/mufon-5519200.json","updb_database_id":5519200}
Star like object in sky with pulsating lights, changing from white, to green and red. Hovering in one spot for about 30 minutes before moving sideways to the right.

It was around 2am, Tuesday night 4/24/2012. Me, my friend and her boyfriend were on their front porch which is a second story porch, having a smoke. I sat down in a chair and just happened to look up at the sky. I was looking at a star, it was a very bright star so my eyes went right to it. But I also noticed right away below it and a little to the right, was what I thought was another star. But this star was a little smaller and it was twinkling. I felt my heart rate pick up speed a little bit, because I noticed that the twinkling I was seeing was actually lights. I pointed this out to my friends and they noticed it also. At this point we established that this was not a star. It appeared to be round, and it looked like the light would start out on one side, like the right side, then go to the middle, then move to the left. This pattern continued thru out this sighting. Sometimes the lights would be a bluish- white color, we saw green a few times, and on occasion red. This object slowly and in a zig zag motion moved to the right a few inches. It was now no longer next to the star it was originally under but between two large trees. It was sort of hovering in one spot, but then it would slightly move up a little bit, then come back down. Then it would go to the left slightly then back to the right. We watched it do this continuous moving for 30 minutes straight with out taking our eyes off of it. There was one point when we saw it disappear, we arent sure if it was just behind a cloud, because eventually it did get extremely cloudy, or if it actually went away somewhere. It vanished for about 5 seconds and then it came right back into sight. By this point it has moved a little bit further over to the right. So instead of being between the two trees, its now on the right side of the right tree towards the top. It continued to hover there for several more minutes before it vanished again. The sky got extremely cloudy and we could no longer see the object. We thought at first it was a plane, but Ive seen many plaines in the sky and that was no air plane...

This started at 2 am in the morning and continued for about an hour or so. So technically the date was 4/25. Seeing how it was after midnight.
