{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-20 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459200","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102313","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/200/mufon-5459200.json","updb_database_id":5459200}
{cak} Shiny/reflective white tic tac UFO with silverish Band around diameter

I was in Colonel Summers Park in SE Portland in the late afternoon/early evening, around 5:30-6ish PM, laying on my back, looking up to the sky, watching insects fly in circles above me. It was a clear-blue cloudless day. I observed a roundish white object cross my field of vision to the south moving from West to East. Initially thought nothing of it since there were white "fluff balls" also floating around, and thought it was one of them. Then the object stopped, and hovered. At this point I sat up and began to observe more closely. Immediately knew it was not a plane or a helicopter. Thought “Oh maybe it’s just a drone”. But it seemed very far away, and would have been far too large at its apparent distance to have been a drone. Also, I did not hear the familiar humming/buzzing sound of a drone, and there was no drone operator observed. As I watched, and tried to make sense of what I was seeing, the object seemed to be changing shape. However, I believe it was just rotating, and I was seeing it from different angles. I checked the “tic-tac” box above, since it appeared that shape at certain angles (and it was shiny and white, much like early versions of the iPod) but it was much less barrel-shaped than a Tic-Tac. I would compare it more to a French Macron cookie: it was circular at some angles, and more flat at others, but rounded and smooth at all edges (no apparent seams) and there was a darker, reflective/silvery band around it’s circumference. Also observed was a faint, vaguely blue-ish, spherical aura surrounding the object that seemed to slightly alter its appearance. Similar to way heat rising from the road distorts the horizon, but not as acutely. This visual disturbance was much more subtle. It was hovering in one spot to the East (I was looking South so it was to the left of me). Hard to say for how long because I was kind of mesmerized. More than one minute, but for sure less than 5. Object began moving again. Hovered back West to the center of my field of vision, and then, without fully stopping, abruptly changed direction and started moving North. It moved directly over me, and continued over the tree line direct behind me. I quickly gathered my belongings, stood up, and ran to the other side of the trees. Could not locate it at first, and saw another fluff ball a few feet from my face. Felt foolish, and figured that my eyes must have been playing tricks on me. No sooner than having this thought, I caught sight of it again. Locked my eyes onto it making sure that I was not seeing things. It wasn't moving at an “other-worldly” speed, but was definitely at a pretty good clip. Hard to say for sure how far away it was, and what distance it was actually covering, but it’s motion seemed totally effortless and unnaturally smooth. "Unencumbered" is probably a good word to describe it. Followed it visually, and physically walked in it’s direction as it continued moving North over the powerlines. Fumbled for my phone to try and get a video, but by the time I got it out, the object had disappeared over the buildings in the distance. The time between re-establishing visual contact with it on the other side of the trees, and it disappearing over the building tops could not have been more than 30 seconds. Possibly less. Walked away feeling very strange and uneasy. Still trying to process the experience. This was something I have never seen before. Obviously speculative, but it almost felt to me that the object somehow sensed that I was watching it, and then moved to get away from me. As far as I know, there were no other eye witnesses, and I did not alert anyone in my vicinity out of fear of ridicule.
