{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-06 05:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286200","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117187","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7375,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/200/mufon-5286200.json","updb_database_id":5286200}
At 5AM I looked outside and saw a Bright Sphere Orb Flashing Colors & Changing Shape/Form

I have caught some unusual footage recently with my new night vision monocular but this morning Friday, August 6, 2021 at 5:05AM I caught something I have never seen before and right before it happened I was actually watching Ancient Aliens but I had my window open and I got this weird feeling or heard something, not quite sure what exactly prompted me to get up and look but when I did I saw a bright orb sphere right above the tree line. I immediately checked my Sky Apps and Planet chart and Mars/Venus were not rising or setting so that is when I decided to go outside. When I got outside it was not hovering over the tree that I first saw it at but it had moved from West to Northwest keeping the same elevation. At times during the footage it almost looks as if there or other unidentified objects around it BUT when recording with the monocular the object "ufo" is able to manipulate my device and it will produce static/electricity noise and even block itself from being recorded but I was very happy with the footage I did get. My monocular was fully charged and it shut down while trying to record this object but when I turned it back on it was fully charged. I was able to record for a good half hour to 45 minutes and I do not know where it went because I did not see it take off but when reviewing my footage in the 4th clip around 7 and a half minutes in I zero in on the tree and you can actually see something pulsating behind the leaves and branches and in the last clip video 5 right when the video starts you see the sky flicker with lights that was when I was showing where the moon was so nobody could say it was the moon because it was not. It was absolutely incredible because I have caught this unknown object before at night and it just gives off the loudest static electricity noises that I never hear while recording until I play back the footage and then I hear it which is so odd and strange because I never had any sounds like that on any other recordings until I started to witness these unknown flying objects. I am going to add 5 videos from the monocular from today's event along with my iPhone footage from today BUT I am also going to add footage from about 2 weeks ago 2 VIDEOS (Video that says Silver Metallic UFO watch at 2/3 minutes and the other video is about 25 minutes long - at 5min/9min/17-the end) I caught this object at night so I was not able to make out the colors as much as I was today but I am absolutely positively 100% sure that this object has been appearing in this area since September 2020. Please note, I am located right smack in the middle of the Great River Triangle in East Islip and not even half a mile from Heckscher State Park. I will definitely be investigating this park because it is 1,600 acres and when you go deep into Heckscher you are on the shore of the great south bay and as we know many ufos have been seen going into the water. Also, I grew up here my entire life and Heckscher State Park has become very desolate and supposedly there was a west nile outbreak in 2011 because city buses would come in on the weekends for as long as I can remember and that stopped way before the Pandemic. With seeing unknown objects more frequently has made me want to get more answers. Especially when I had my first sighting last September 2020 - 2 days later my leg blew up so bad to the point where the hospital told me I needed emergency surgery and if I had waited any longer I would have died. They asked me a million times how much flying I have been doing and I said none. I know, people lie cause of the pandemic but I am telling you I have not been on any aircrafts. Another strange thing to add to this is that after my surgery my leg was still not back to normal and the doctor said I was going to need another surgery but the doctor was an idiot CVS would not give me my new medications because they felt they were not safe. This was in December, and I never went back but I continued having sightings and being woken up around 3am consistently and it may sound crazy but I woke up because I felt something hitting my leg like a laser and the insane part is my leg started to look normal again which the doctor told me would only happen if I had a stent put in and I was suppose to be on blood thinners for 6 months to a year and I was only on them for 2 months after surgery. I know, the theory of extraterrestrials using humans for sperm and eggs and the only reason I am bringing this up is because since February 2021 I have had many sightings but it wasn't until the end of May when I realized I have not gotten my "female cycle" in at least 4 months and I have never ever missed 1 cycle in my life. It all is really mind blowing because people say if you telepathically try to communicate you may have a sighting and I was depressed over my leg and made an offering I said if you can fix my leg, you can have all my eggs (semi joking) but could it be...seems to crazy right but anything is possible. By sharing this, is really hard because I can't explain some things that have happened. Lastly, when I add the videos from the night time 2 weeks ago after that sighting I ended up vomiting the entire next day which is completely out of the norm. So I hope you all find this footage as intriguing as I did and if anyone in the area wants to start a UFO Investigation with me in Heckscher just let me know. Suffolk County has been ranked #! for UFO Sightings in New York. FYI I HAVE NOT ALTERED OR EDIT ANY OF THESE VIDEOS.
