{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-03 05:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530200","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25280","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9986,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/200/mufon-5530200.json","updb_database_id":5530200}
Three day report UFO over Maricopa Az. 1 Sep - 3 Sep

This is a three day report and may be a little long

Maricopa, Az.
 
Day 1  1 Sep Skies clear, no moon Time 10:00-10:30PM

Being that I was sitting around the house doing nothing and due to my first ever UFO sighting back in May, I decided to go out and try my luck at spotting the UFO again. So I got my camera and went for a drive on route 347 which was around 9:30 PM. I first went south for a 4 or 5 mile, saw nothing. So I made a u-turn and headed towards Phoenix for about 5 mile outside of Maricopa, saw nothing. Made a u-turn and headed back to Maricopa. When I was about a mile outside of Maricopa city limits and looking up as I was driving, just off to the left of 347 one of the orange orbs slowly appeared, then went out and came back on again. A split second later a second orb appeared some distance to the left of the first and when back out. Then the first orb went out and a third orb appeared just to the right of the first and when back out. Not know their actual position, I drove through town on 347 and turn left on N. Bowlin Rd. (due to the large open area) and parked hoping to get a photo of them if they should reappear. At this location I had a good overall field of view plus I could see the Harrah's Phoenix Ak-Chin casino were I first saw the orbs and I hoped they would reappear near the casino. I stayed there for about an hour but I never saw them reappear so I went home for the night. 

Day 2  2 Sep Skies clear, no moon Time 9:45-10:00PM

Around 9:00 PM headed out of the house with camera hoping to see and maybe get a picture of the orbs. Drove back to the Bowlin Rd. location and waited. About 45 min. goes by, lots of air traffic out of Phoenix and over Maricopa, but no orbs. So I1m looking toward Phoenix and turn around to look towards the casino to see an orb that looked to be hovering less than a 1000 ft. just over the Harrah's Phoenix Ak-Chin casino and then when out. So I1m happy that I saw the orb but not enough time to get a picture. I waited hoping it would em to reappear. About 15 min. later an orb slowly appeared and then went back out to the left of 347 across from the casino but a little farther out. Then a second orb appeared a little to the right of the first and went out. Then the third appeared a little right of the second and went out. I had gotten sidetrack trying to light a cigar it and couldn1t get my camera turn on in time to take a photo. So I waited hoping for one more chance to take a picture. About 15 min later the first orb slowly reappears to the right of the casino and goes out. The second orb appears (photo 2 ND) and went out. The third orb appears (photo 3 RD) and goes out. So now I1m real happy, I1ve got photos of a UFO to backup my 24 May MUFON report. Being that the UFOs were near the casino I drove down 347 and turned left on N. Farrell Rd. and parked, hoping to get better pictures. I waited about 20 min but no sightings. As I was standing there I happen to look down the road and into the fields on the Ak-Chin reservation and off to the left of Farrell Rd. I could see two white shimmering lights that slowly faded out and slowly came back on a few second later. Now I1m thinking the UFO is on the ground, so I drive onto the reservation for a better look and pictures. I found a spot where I could see about five or six of the lights on the ground in the field just behind the house were Farrell and Thomas St/Rd intersect. They were all shimmering, four or five of them would slowly fade in and out of view but never change their location. I also saw a couple of really small light that were moving in the location of the larger lights. I took a few pictures but most were bad. So I1m posting the two best that show two light (first picture), then you can see a third starting to come on again. You can also make out some of the other lights. The green blue lights are not part of the craft. After about 15 or 20 min. of looking at the UFO I started out for home. I drove pass a really good spot to get better pictures so I made a u-turn to go back that1s when I spot the Ak-Chin police (someone had called me in) coming from all points. So I pull over and told them what was doing, told them about the UFO sighting, showed they one of the photo and I even pointed out one of the lights of the UFO that faded out and in while we were talking. I was told that either side of the main road was Indian property and that I would be trespassing if I left the main road. Then I was told to have a nice day they got back into their cars and drove way. I went home to start typing this. It was about 10:50 PM.

Day 3  3 Sep Skies clear, no moon Time 5:45-6:00 AM

4:30AM wake up for a nap sitting in front of the computer. Decide to go to Wal-Mart to pickup a few things. Departed the house 5:05AM thought I drive over to the reservation to if the lights were still there from the UFO or maybe it could have been a construction site or something. Get to the location no lights, no construction equipment, no construction, no nothing, just green farm land. Head out to Wal-Mart. Driving on route 238 towards Casa Grande coming up on traffic light of intersection 238 and Shea Way about to make left turn in to Wal-Mart. Light is green. All of a sudden, out of nowhere, in a knife edge position, in maybe a 30 degree angle traveling at an extreme high rate of speed, in a northeast direction, is a large dark gray or black V shape craft with five white lights, one in the middle and two lights on each wing. It appear too me that it had just taken off from one of the fields to the right of 238. As the craft rolled over to a horizontal position I saw the lights flash then the craft made a hard right turn and disappeared over the horizon. I was in a low part of the road so disappearing over the horizon was an easy task. So I sat through a cycle or two of the traffic light, spellbound. I sapped out of it due to a truck leaving Wal-Mart and went right pass the WTF moment to the Nobody is going to believe this. I wouldn1t believe this myself, that all of this could happen to one guy in less the 8 hours. So I drove down 238 a little farther just incase there was more to see. Now I1m on the high side of the road, I can see all over the area. Again out of nowhere, in a knife edge position, in maybe a 30 degree angle traveling at an extreme high rate of speed, in a northeast direction, is the craft, which appears to have just taken off. The lights flash again as it rolls horizontal. It makes a hard right turn and heads out to the mountains to the south. It makes a hard left turn (flyby photo) and now heading north back in my direction. Once it1s over or just pass the Ak-Chin Farm complex area, it makes a hard right turn and heads south back to the mountains. It then makes a hard right turn and heads north in my direction and lands (landing photo) in the fields off to the left of the farm complex. It1s getting pretty light out so I1m thinking it may clear the area soon. I wait at my location between N. White and Parker Rd and N. Porter Rd. for about an hour waiting for it to take off again but it never did or maybe I missed the take off during the passing of one of three frigate trains. I ended the wait and made a right on White and Parker and another right on W. Peters and Nall Rd. just to see if I could spot the craft which I didn1t. Made the loop back Wal-Mart.

As for the craft I saw. It was V shape dark gray or black and non reflective, taper wing design. I has five white lights evenly spaced, one in the middle and two on each wing which looked to flash when it made its first maneuver. Extremely fast with no sound and highly maneuverable. Other than the possible knife edge take offs it flew pretty much like any other pitch/roll aircraft just tighter. Steep banks with almost wingtip type turns. If you1ve ever seen a glider do a tight wingtip turn that1s what this craft can do only at very high speeds. As for landing I can only assume that it went from fast to dead stop hover and land. It didn1t look to really slow down to land. It just made the fast descent and land. I couldn1t make out a cockpit or cabin area because it was moving to fast. Also I can1t remember if I saw the five lights on the underside of the wing because it was moving to fast. I did notice it had what could be blinking nav. lights on the wing tips. It was large but not really overly large but it did have the longest wing span of any aircraft I1ve even seen. When you look at it head on it pretty thin and almost disappears with the mountain backdrop. I would have to give it a 9 for being a good looking craft as compared to our normal military aircraft that are flying today. Sure was something to see. May buy me a camcorder tonight and get back out there by 5AM just incase.

That1s it, you guys can stop reading now. Sorry for being so long, for any mistakes you may find and for not getting better pictures. Something is better than nothing. I did make a report to include photos to the Pinal/Maricopa police.
