{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496200","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63212","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2850,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/200/mufon-5496200.json","updb_database_id":5496200}
{nd} UFO Hovering Extremely Close to car over shaven cornfield.

A few years ago, about 2013, I was in a car with a relative. I was sitting passenger seat. I had just got done with a Tae Kwon Do class. We live in a wooded neighborhood a few miles away from the town.

Going to our house, there are a lot of farms. At this time of year, most of the farmers had harvested their crops. In this case, it was Corn. Driving on these side roads, the woman I am in the car with and I spot a glowing light hovering above the tree line. We debate if it's a helicopter or a plane. It looks very far away. We then lose sight of it and forget about it. A few seconds later(about 10?) I look out the passenger window.

I see a U.F.O, plain and simple. There is no mistaking what I saw. As I could remember the details clearly in my head till this day, two years later.

I stood glaring at the U.F.O, in amazement. This may have been for about 15 seconds, glaring at it. About 50 feet away, 20-30 feet off the ground was a silver-metallic disc-shape hovering-in-place object. It looked like the stereotypical U.F.O. you would see on movies or cartoons.

One thing different from the stereotypical flying disc is where people presume the glass was on cartoons or shows, it was purely metallic. Same color as the rest of the U.F.O. However, I could tell it was rotating in circles. It was very bright, however not to bright for me to make it out. There were 6 light panels in all. 3 on each side. I think they were rectangular or pure square.

This sighting amazed me. It stayed on my mind ever since. I wanted to report it, so I found this site and am doing it now. Alas, I have no physical evidence. Only the witness of I and the driver. Even worse is that she did not see it like I did. But, given the chance, I would gladly take a polygraph test and/or go under hypnosis.

I thought the least I could do is make a quick sketch of it. It looks a bit different than it actually was, though. My sketch makes it look bigger on top, when in reality the bottom and the top of the saucer were almost equal. Please excuse the lighting, the good picture wouldn't import.
