{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-10-07 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549200","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3219,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/200/mufon-5549200.json","updb_database_id":5549200}
two separate solid structures that were triangular connected by a beam of light

My friends and I were out for a drive in the South Broadway/Hampton area when all of a sudden we saw what appeared to be two planes flying extremley low to the ground. Upon further inspection, we noticed that the "planes" were connected to eachother by a beam of light, and that what we had thought to be the triad pattern of lights often seen on planes at night was acutally a part of this strange object. The best possible description of its appearence is that it was one larger triangular shape lined with red and blue lights connected to a similar but smaller triangular shape. It moved very fast and sparatically making no noise at all. It was able to turn very sharply. The larger and smaller triangular components of the object always moved relative to eachother, maintaining a perfect connection. After aproximatley two minutes of what appeared to be random motion, the object suddenly flew away into the distance until it was no longer visible. At this point, my friends and I were positive that what we saw was not a plane/helicopter/weather ballon due to the apparent high velocity the object was able to reach in such a short amount of time, and the complexity of its movement. My emotions at this time were shock, excitement, and amazement of what I had just seen. After the object had been gone for about 6 minutes, it suddenly reappeared very close to us, approximatly 50 yards above our car. After flying around the area for for about a minute, the object came to an abrupt stop above a residential area, about four blocks away from our car. At this point, we stopped the car and I was able to get a better look at the object. The "light beam" connection was actually a very well lit solid connection and dark window shapes could be made out on the smaller of the two triangles. I glanced down the street and noticed that several other cars had stopped to observe the object as well. After it hovered for a few seconds, it began to descend and landed on the ground. We immediatley tried to drive to where it had landed, but could not find anything. The object had apparently dissapeared or become invisible upon landing. We searced the area where it appeared to have landed intensly for about a half and hour but could find nothing. Three helicopters arrived and appeared to be activley searching during the this time, and for the remainder of the night we could see/hear helicopters near the area of the sighting. Throughout the entire sighting I never felt afraid, I just felt amazed beyond belief and lucky to have seen this object.
