{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-24 09:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289200","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3277,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/200/mufon-5289200.json","updb_database_id":5289200}
Coaxed by craft morphed from shiny reflective diamond into separation of consecutively spaced red and blue light

I was headed home from work.. I turned east onto highway 30 and in the distance 12-35 miles out I observed 2 lights just above the deck...a red followed by a blue light.
I continued to watch the object as I traveled across the Perrine Bridge and at this point the craft was in the SE just above the deck below the south hills.
I turned west onto pole line road and thought to myself( well that's it its gone).
I turned south onto Washington Street south I drive down to the CSI...and I saw a bright reflective like spinning diamond headed at me and a bit to the directly north. I immediately sped up to catch up to the object to intercross with it...I got up too filer road and took a left onto filer and then a quick right onto Jefferson Street. I pulled off to the right hand side and parked. I didn't want to pull my camera as not to have it dart away
The object came up to just overhead of me and a bit to the East. IT STOPPED
AND CHANGED INTO THE INVISIBLE CRAFT WITH A RED LIGHT ON ONE END AND A BLUE DIMMER LIGHT ON THE OTHER.. it was 1000-1500 ft. overhead.
I could not ever stare into the bright light it was too bright!
I watched the object for 20 seconds...then it turned back into the bright diamond light object and started heading south...first slowly then faster ..just gliding away.
I headed the same way in my car and continued to observe it as I drove down Washington street south..it went THRU the steam at lamb Weston and sped off..at this point it could of been 300 above the deck.
I traveled down Washington street south until I almost got to the Shell station across from Swenson's Market on the SW corner..it was headed back towards me by then from the south..as a bright light spinning diamond it appeared out of nowhere. As I observed in awe I wanted to alert a car of kids parked next to me but was afraid too.
I watched the object straight up! About 200 feet up and the bright light changed back to the invisible cigar craft about 50 ft. long then. with a bright red light followed by a blue dimmer light that looked like it was enclosed in a clear outer as the blue light was a bit dimmer and cloudy.
When the object got directly overhead I heard a fan like sound.
I got in.my car ..got to the red light headed east...a CALMNESS CAME OVER THE WHOLE AREA AND IT SEEMED TO TAKE FOREVER FOR THE LIGHT TO CHANGE TO GREEN..WHAT AN ERIE FEELING.
When the light turned green and I turned left (back south)
The craft was GONE,..I assumed it would be headed back north in front of me?? Where did it go??
Why am I chosen to see these things?
