{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-18 03:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525503","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/503/mufon-5525503.json","updb_database_id":5525503}
Star like object rose above roof line and then swiveled back toward horizon

I woke up at 3:30 am to our 2 and half yr old son waking up in his room. Not very unusual but becoming less frequent as he gets older. I waited a few minutes to see if he'd simply go back to sleep on his own but he continued to call out my name calmly. Before going in his room I went out to living room of our apartment to fold out the futon couch for us to rest on. I set up a few pillows and blankets but before going back to his room I decided to open the sliding glass door a bit to let the cool night air in. While I was doing this I also decided to look up at the night sky. I was facing due East when I noticed just above the next apartment roof-line a normal sized looking star. It was stationary and I made the guess that it was a star or an airplane heading toward my direction (westward). After 5-10 seconds of a stationary position it slowly started to move straight up. I then ruled out it being a star and settled on it being a plane. It moved up approximately 5-10 degrees then completely stopped. Remained stationary for approximately 3-5 seconds then descended back down toward the horizon but NOT in a straight line. It was wiggling down or following a curving "S" shape path down until it was out of view because of the facing apartment building roof top. The color of the light appeared to be a dull red.

Additionally, later that morning when I was walking out the door I kissed my wife goodbye and my son. He looked up at me and said, 1Orion see big spaceship in the sky. Big spaceship in sky1. Our jaws dropped. The last time he woke up in the middle of the night (approx late June), and coincidentally it was the same time 3:45 am. The next morning he said the same thing to my wife Careen, 1Orion see spaceship high in the sky1. In my report here, I1m paraphrasing but Careen wrote down what he said that morning for a more precise reference to his own words.
