{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-08 22:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471503","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3063,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/503/mufon-5471503.json","updb_database_id":5471503}
Observed activity seen from balcony of cruise ship between Ensenata Mexico and San Diego.

My wife and I were on a 15 day Hawaiian cruise and had just spent the day at our last port of Ensenata Mexico. We departed Ensenada at about 6PM en route for Los Angeles,this was the final evening of our cruise.
After dinner and a show in the ships main theater the wife and I retired to our cabin. As I entered the cabin the first thing I did was open our balcony door and step outside onto the balcony. I had been standing on the balcony for about a minute when I looked to the sky and observed what I fully believed to be an airplane,at this same time my wife came onto the balcony and joined me. I pointed to what I believed was the airplane I was observing and told my wife "we haven't seen many of those lately, Just as my wife started looking at this "plane" with me it split into two bright lights and slowly both lights climbed in elevation in an arcing type trajectory, then both lights disappeared while at the same time four more lights appeared much lower in the sky in front of us in the distance. We then observed many lights all over the horizon in front of us that would switch position in the sky instantaneously, some were low on the horizon and some were high, the color of these lights would vary but were for the most part a yellowish golden orange, neither my wife nor myself have ever seen that color. These lights would move instantaneously from one part of the sky to the next,suddenly all the lights disappeared and directly in front of us we observed three red lights on the horizon sitting at a 45 degree angle, no craft was visible only these three lights, I could not tell you if these lights were 100 feet away or a mile away,those lights then disappeared. the entire event lasted about four minutes and during this time we witnessed several of these lights/orbs move at incredible instantaneous speeds from one spot to another. What has compelled me to report this was I was watching a cable news network show tonight and they had a guest on the show that was the fighter pilot of the plane that caught an unidentified object on camera, the story was released by the N.Y. times this week and the video of this pilot and the object has gone viral.The pilot explained that this incident occurred 13 years ago off the coast about 100 miles south of San Diego between San Diego and Ensenata, that is exactly where we had our sighting Nov 8th 2017.
