{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-01 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468503","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92067","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3766,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/503/mufon-5468503.json","updb_database_id":5468503}
{cak} Unknown object flying over the Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks

During the summer of 2009 I was employed by an airline at their Fresno maintenance hanger, the hangar is located on the East part of the airport, the length of the hanger runs in a NW/SE direction, on the outside of the hangar were some old discarded terminal seats that we used for taking breaks which run the same way as the hangar and face about North. The Sequoia National Park and Kings Canyon National Park are about 40 to 50 miles to the east of the hangar. Pretty much everything East of the airport was open farm land.

The local time was about 2am to 2:30am. The night sky was clear and stars were visible towards the East but very little moon light, no aircraft were flying and very little vehicle traffic near the airport.

Our lunch break was at 2am, after eating I went outside to the above mentioned seats to relax. I was slouching in the seat with my head looking up at the stars when I noticed some movement out of the corner of my right eye. Now being an aviation enthusiast all my life and a aviation mechanic in the military anything flying always catches my eye. So I know what an aircraft looks like at night and know what lights do what and for what purpose. I looked East to get a better look at this "aircraft". I first noticed that it was a white light just slightly larger and slightly brighter then the surrounding stars off in the distance quite a ways, secondly I noticed that it was flying slow, too slow for a jet powered aircraft but maybe a prop driven or helicopter. I watched it travel parallel to the mountains just above the peaks in a NW direction. I also noticed that it didn't have any nav lights, anti-collision lights or strobe lights which I found odd. I continued watching this whatever it was for another few minutes when it suddenly stopped just slightly NE of the hangar, I kept watching to see if maybe it made some turning movements or orbits but nothing, It just stopped and just seemed to hover in the same spot. I continued watching this whatever to see if I could detect any change in movement but again nothing changed and had to head back into work. It really baffled me cause I can normally tell what kind of aircraft I'm looking at or at least have a good idea. On our next break I went outside to see if this object had moved, nope it was still there which really confused me, I started doubting myself "did I really see what I seen?". As daylight broke I looked in the same direction again to hopefully see something that resembled an aircraft, nope there was nothing there except a great view of the Sequoia mountains. The next night at work on lunch break again I went outside to see if I could find this "light" again, but no, which baffled and confused me even more. I later looked on the internet to see if there were any airports or runways of any kind in the direction I seen this "light" but nothing but did come to find out Area 51 is just over the mountains and just slightly to our NE of the hanger, if I drew a line between our hangar, this "light" and Area 51 it would almost be a straight line.
