{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-16 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460503","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2827,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/503/mufon-5460503.json","updb_database_id":5460503}
{tjd} Flashlight shaped object

I wrote about my sightings in a journal that I keep and am copy & pasting below... 

10/16/08
First sighting…

Last night I saw something in the skies over Highland that still baffles me.

It was about 3:00 AM. I was sitting outside the door-wall in the backyard. It was perfectly calm and quiet. I began to hear an unusual sound in the distance heading in my direction coming from the east. It sounded similar to flapping wings, but there was also some sort of vocal noise with each wing flap, which was about a second or so apart. My first thought was that it was probably a goose flying towards me. 

As it got closer, and the sound became more distinct, I began to realize that this did not sound like a goose at all. At that point I began to realize that the vocal sounds were almost mechanical, but still blended with something biological. 

Eventually the sound came within a hundred yards of me, and the sound became even more distinct. I could not take the suspense anymore as I wondered what the heck this strange sounding thing was! I stood up and walked into the back yard. 

There’s a tall tree line about 40 feet behind the house. And behind that tree line, floating just above the tree tops (about 50 feet high), I saw what appeared to be something slowly flying towards the west with what appeared to be a flashlight. It passed out of view behind some thicker trees and I listened for another 10 or 15 seconds before it faded out of hearing range. The first thought that went through my mind was, “What the hell was that? Birds don’t carry flashlights!” 

It’s the next day as I write this and I continue to try and rationalize it in my mind. But, I cannot find any explanations that make any sense. It was certainly very strange and I’m certain that it was something not of this world… or at least not that we are aware of. I just cannot imagine what it could have been! And that intermediate sound it made was like no sound I’ve ever heard. The only thing that comes close is the sound the flying car made in the original Disney movie, Flubber. It was an intermediate flubbery mechanical sound almost as if biology were blended with mechanicals. Very weird!
