{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473503","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86877","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2519,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/503/mufon-5473503.json","updb_database_id":5473503}
Ultraviolet diamond shape shot up out of forest, flatened itself and disappeared

My boyfriend and I drove up Ghost Road in Port Perry, a local hot spot for ghost activity after a motorcyclist had an accident there. Have been a few times before but never saw anything out of the ordinary. Just to give you an idea for the area, it's on an island most of it is either Native reserve or farm land and forest. The ghost road is in between a few farms. Some trees line this street. Usually we just park the car at one end of the road, walk to the end of it, then walk back. We were half way down walking the opposite direction of the car. My boyfriend (conveniently) was walking backwards talking to me. There is small forest off in the distance, I would say a km or 2 away. That's when I saw something shoot up out of the forest about 100 feet above the tree line. It was an ultraviolet colour and was in the shape of a diamond. As soon as I told my boyfriend to turn around, the best way I can describe it is it flattened or pancaked itself and disappeared. It made no sound and my boyfriend did not catch a glimpse of it. This all happened in a matter of seconds. When I first saw it shoot up out of the forest I thought it was a firework, but within a second of seeing it, my mind changed. When I saw it I almost fell to my knees. I really don't know what it was, my mind leans to UFO because I have been a strong believer in UFOs and Aliens for a long time. I thought about it logically for a long time. The things running through my mind were reasons why it wasn't a firework. 
1. Solid Diamond Shaped Bright Ultraviolet
2. No sound
3. Shot up out of a forest
4. Changed shape flattening itself
5. City firework bi-law "Prohibited to sell any Consumer Fireworks to any Person at any time except on the statutory holidays known as Victoria Day and Canada Day and the seven (7) days immediately preceding those days"
