{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490503","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69080","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2277,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/503/mufon-5490503.json","updb_database_id":5490503}
I never expected to see and experience what I believe was aliens until one off night where I yelled some things at the night sky that I shouldn't have.

Around may 2015 me and my two friends were having a smoke in a well known field in sooke at about 1 am when I jokingly starting video taping and shining my phone light up in the sky and started yelling, "aliens abduct us take us to your planet were screwed here, shine a light on us shine some hope," when all of a sudden we all witnessed a bright light zoom across the sky where we were yelling. Stunned we watched the video I had of it over and over again. In that moment I knew something weird was going on. Then a bright flashing orb showed up in front of us, I kept video taping. The light bounced around in the sky then headed for the moon, it flew a half circle around the moon almost looking like it was in the moons gravity for a bit then it started heading faster and faster towards us. As it got closer it was most definitely going to land in the field we were in. Realizing this we ran to my friends house that was only a minute away. I thought they landed and were coming for me for welcoming them to abduct me so I was freaking out, my other two friends were fascinated and made me go back out, it seemed everywhere we looked we saw a different shaped ufo appearing then disappearing in the sky, all of them were different. At one point while observing a ufo we all blacked out. We all felt as if we were abducted that night. Even though I caught more than 5 ufo's on tape, a day later my cell phone and the videos disappeared out of thin air. But I have two witnesses that were with me that will never forget that.
