{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-10 18:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476503","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83744","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/503/mufon-5476503.json","updb_database_id":5476503}
3 white orbs seen and filmed 2 show up on film,Unknown fast moving objects also filmed.daylight footage.

I downloaded the ET contact network app and registered on it.
I was at home at the time.  
I then looked at the world map to see all locations.
I zoomed in on my location to see how many apps were registered near by.

I then picked up my camcorder and went outside to see if I could see any activity.
I had been discussing the UFO subject with colleagues earlier in the day and was very surprised at their lack of knowledge on the subject, even about Roswell. 

I filmed a plane flying over head and immediately noticed a silver orb glistening in the sun.I was half expecting to see somthing. 
I attempted to zoom in on it but this was difficult to see due to the sun shinning.

I then noticed another 2 orbs which were behind it,they were flying in a triangle formation.I dont believe they were balloons. 
You can see the second orb from 0210.the 3rd however is not seen.

At 0300 another orb enters the frame from the top right hand side very fast and turns slightly left and disappears bottom of the frame.
At the same time twin orbs appear mid screen and appear to zig zag away to the left.this is all very fast and last 4 seconds to 0304.

You will have to use slow motion to see it properly

I did not see this until analysing the footage.

I continued to follow the 3 orbs. who were directly above my house.
At 05:37 I zoom in and manage to capture 2 orbs in the frame.

The orbs seem to be glistening from white to pink.The orbs were difficult to find on the cameras flip screen and was also bright sunshine.
At 0802 an aircraft comes into shot.The captain may have been able to see these objects. as they were still there.

I stoped filming as my young daughter needed assistance.

Possibly a CE-5 sighting due to my thoughts and feelings througout the day ?
