{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-05-01 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494503","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64967","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3442,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/503/mufon-5494503.json","updb_database_id":5494503}
{dr}It was the size of a Volkswagon Beetle and the light from this thing lit up everything it touched. It made no noise and if it wasn't for the light I wouldn't have noticed it flying by.

In October 1997 we took in a newborn foster child. Every evening my mom put him to sleep at 9:30pm. When I didn't hear him cry anymore and was sure he was asleep(usually around 9:45pm) I would go about my business. This particular evening in May 1998, after he was asleep, I went onto my second floor rear deck. It was cloudy this evening and a low fog was there as well. As soon as I sat on the deck rail this light emerged from the North. I saw the light before the object appeared. It flew just above the tree tops but below the cloud cover and followed the path of the alley that my house sits on. It was approximately 15 feet above the tallest tree and 40 feet from me as it flew by. It was as if someone took the moon and crushed it into the size of a Volkswagon Beetle. As it approached it lit up everything it touched. The underbelly of the clouds/fog, the treetops, the rooftops. The light was bright white, like the moon, but it was undulating. I call it X-Ray light or Discovered Light, because it looked like everything this light touched it bounced off of and right back into this thing, like it was gathering information. It made absolutely no noise. I started to turn and yell for my mom to come see it, this is hard to explain, but I became fearful that if I had said a word that it was going to stop. I didn't want it to stop. This thing was flying so low and so slow that I got the impression that it was looking for something. It flew by, heading directly South and out of sight. I continued to see the light it emitted seconds after I couldn't see the object anymore.

My neighbor, whose bedroom faces North, sits at the window with his curtains open and watches out the window every evening, even when I'm on the deck and would like privacy. This evening he was there, watching, curtains open. When this thing passed we looked at each other, he closed his curtains, and didn't open them for a month. We never spoke about it though. My initial reaction was to call the police, but what was I going to tell them? And this was hard because I had no one to tell this to.

Three days later, approximately 3am, three (heavy)helicopters passed over my house. They were flying so low that they shook the house and scared me silly. The first one passed, flying extremely fast like it was chasing something, followed immediately by a second, then a third. They were following the same North/South trajectory that this object flew days before.

Then it occurred to me that when I saw this object that it wasn't looking for something. But maybe it was hiding. Using the low, dense cloud/fog cover to hide from the helicopters that might have been chasing it.
