{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-04-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492349","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67192","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3133,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/349/mufon-5492349.json","updb_database_id":5492349}
{rjl} We observed a very large oval shaped stationary object, with smaller round objects that appeared to fly out and back into the large object. The objects were had mass as they blocked out the starlighted sky.

In 1967 my girlfriend (now my wife) were students attending Eastern New Mexico University located in the city of Portales, New Mexico. We were at a fraternity party being held in a farm building located on a deserted county road about 8 miles from the city in the middle of flat farmland with no lights or houses within miles. There were about 40 people at the party, loud music and lots of noise.
 After we had been there for about two hours my girl friend and I went outside to my car, which was parked outside close to the building, to get some fresh air. We were looking up to the sky which was perfectly clear, lots of stars, no haze or clouds from horizon to horizon. I was looking in a Southerly direction where I noticed a very large dark oval shaped object blocking the starlighted night sky. My first thought thought was that it was a cloud. We continued to look at the sky for quite some time (20 or 30 minutes) and saw that the object had not moved from its original location. I told my girl friend that this was strange since clouds move across the sky and change shape. I looked all the way around to see if there were any clouds or any aircraft in the sky and there were none. I began to look closely at the object. We were looking up at the object at a 45 degree angle. It was very large at least 500 to 600 feet across. It was stationary at a height of 2000 or 3000 feet, 4 or 5 miles away in a Southerly direction from us. We continued observing the object which remained stationary, with no lights or sounds. The object had a definite oval shape. The object did not have a clearly defined sharp edge, rather, it had a fuzzy edge that blended into the night sky. After observing the object for a while longer, I noticed three or four small round shaped objects slowly fly out and away a distance from the large object. After a while, the small objects would fly back into the large object, and others would fly out and back into the oval object. The small objects also blocked out the starlighted sky and had fuzzy edges that blended into the night sky. We observed the objects for about an hour until we we decided to rejoin the party. About 2 hours later, the party was over. When we left and the objects were no longer visible.
 We never told or reported the incident to anyone for fear of being rediculed.
