{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500349","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58760","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3443,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/349/mufon-5500349.json","updb_database_id":5500349}
{nd} Landed UFO observed in backyard, beings witnessed in e light of UFO, then UFO took off loudly, pausing at bedroom window. Multiple footsteps heard running outside along the house probable before siting.

To Whom it May Concern,
 I wanted to report a siting and ask about the possibilities of how I could test soil as we are curious. In the late 70's my Mother awoke to visit the restroom in the middle of the night in the top level of our home, she happened to look out the window to see a UFO in our backyard, on Ben Franklin Road North in Indiana, PA about 1.75 acres away near the woods line. It was a saucer type ship with lights around the rim and she saw small beings walking at the base of the ship in front of the lights. She was frighten and ran back to bed. She had the senses they may have sensed she was up so she bundled in her covers and faced away from the bedroom window and tried to empty her mind and feign sleep. She feared what 'they' would do if they sensed they knew she seen them. She heard loud clanging sounds and the ship passed slowly by her bedroom window, it paused at the window as if checking to see if she was up then sped off. She said it was as loud as a coal truck clanging down the road. It was so surreal she questioned if it really happened and felt strange saying anything to anyone. My bedroom was on the ground level. At about the same time period, I heard a cluster of footsteps run past my window from the backyard to the front. It sounded like there were maybe 7 of them spaced a few feet from one another and would be the size of kids 11 years old. We were the only kids on the street with the exception of another boy down the street. I wondered if my brothers were sleeping out in a tent in the backyard with friends but they did not so it was unexplained. The landing cite afterward had 3 circles where nothing would grow, today there are still 2 distinct areas with no growth. Previous to that there was vegetation, it was more sparse than the rest of the yard, but ground cover existed. I'm not sure if soil composition can change but there is a patch of red clay where we never recalled seeing before. I was home a few days ago and took a soil sample from the landing area and an area maybe 20 feet away and the earth is very different. The top of the rocks in the landing area, looks different than the bottom of the rocks. I'm wondering how I can check the magnetism or radiation of the area, if anything still resides or if I can find any trace left from so long ago. 
  I saw you have another report on your website from down he road during he same time period and yet another from nearby. 
  You are welcome to investigate the site. We talk freely about it and it would be nice to have validation.
  Thank you for your time and consideration of our case.
Sincerely,
[Item Moved/CMS/nd]
