{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-07 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465349","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95433","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/349/mufon-5465349.json","updb_database_id":5465349}
{tjd}3 to 5 bright lights with smoke that opened up in the center movie like pulsing lights

Good evening
first thing you need to know is I am a normal person and what we saw sounds strange but it is true.
My husband and I were on a walk in Gilroy CA we had been walking for about 35 to 45 minutes we were almost home. It was about 7:25pm we just passed a house and were crossing the street when I looked to my left to cross and saw this amazing bright light in the sky and said wow John look at that, that is not normal,that sure is weird get your phone out.
At first I thought it was a news helicopter because we had a fire just north of us today but then my thoughts went right to this looks like something you would see in a movie I think this is a UFO but that sounded so weird to say. But we decided this is special and we need to film it and contact someone but who. 
there was one very bright light like a spot light directed to the left to a much smaller yellowish maybe orange light that was sending out what I will call sound waves that I could see with my eyes like vibrations toward the bigger lights. lots of white-orange-yellow clouds which I thought was smoke.
okay now the smoke I was thinking was from the fire but it was not the sky is actually a clear sky tonight no clouds or fog at all. And we could see smaller airplanes flying past and we could see the stars.
the smoke was traveling fast and opened up in the center so you could see through it same idea as a helicopter when it is landing and the dust blows around only this is up in the sky on a clear night and it was huge and very bright and lit up. We stood there and took pictures 
no one else was around us and a dog kept barking because we were in his yard. My husband and I could not figure out if it was going up or down the cloud was getting bigger and opening up and actually cleared up.
the bigger light moved very slowly toward the smaller object and then started to go higher away from the smaller object in the sky the cloud dissipated as the larger light moved away but it kept it's beam of light pointing toward the smaller light at all times. Never saw what happen to the smaller yellow light it was just gone.
The bigger light moved what appeared to be up but it could have been moving more south of us. It did stay in one spot for a while and then just faded away to nothing. Again very slowly we watched until it was gone.
while it was holding a few moms came out of their houses because their children called and said something was weird in the sky. It was gone by the time they looked. We did not call 911 because what could they do. 
one more thing I did not feel scared at all I was thinking wow I should be freaking out. It was actually beautiful. 
When the large light held still I think there was about 6 spot lights coming from it and they just slowly seemed to rotate not 100% sure on that or if my eyes were playing tricks on me. 
We walked home and looked up to see if anyone else had posted anything no one has posted anything. So we looked up who to tell and you came up. We have not told the news stations 
I have gone outside about 4 times to just check it out and yup the sky is perfectly clear. thank you for hearing me I hope our film will help you solve this mystery [Item moved to FI report {tjd}]
