{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-23 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456349","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105247","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2552,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/349/mufon-5456349.json","updb_database_id":5456349}
{rjl} An object (last night there was 6) moving like nothing I've ever seen. Too fast. No sound. Multiple witnesses. They keep coming back.

I feel like before I say a bunch of details, the most important thing that I could probably say first, (as well as the most relevant at this point)... Is if there's any skeptics out there come see for yourself. They've been coming back every single night since the first night that I noticed them. I don't know if I caught their attention but I did use a laser pointer and it seemed to catch their attention the first night... whatever it is. They move way too fast. They can be out of my sight within seconds as if they were shooting stars. The first night I saw three catch my eye they were moving in a synchronized uniformed triangle. They stopped almost directly above me but extremely high in the sky, it was clear out and as I watched them over in one spot the two outside objects moved in a synchronized pattern away from The middle object and then hovered for almost an hour. sometimes I can see that they're hovering somewhat but still moving in small patterns almost like circular shapes its really random it doesn't appear to be any sort of overall pattern to their movements. 6 were all together last night. I know when I see a plane, I've seen then while watching these objects. I've had family members come out and see it for themselves, and they quickly go from scoffing at my recent daily "I saw UFO again last night" remarks to in awe... pretty baffled and they can't seem to understand what it could possibly be. It makes no noise, it's hits speeds like I've never seen, it can stop start move around and change altitudes in seconds. I'm not an avid UFO person, but I'm telling you right now this is not normal. I'm willing to bet I see them tonight. Nothing I have is good enough to get on film they're to high in sky. But u can see em no problem for yourself. I need to know what this is! Please!
