{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504349","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54545","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3042,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/349/mufon-5504349.json","updb_database_id":5504349}
{cak} Large object passed directly over car. Object was moving very slow at tree top height.  Very visible shape and lights at windows.

At the age of 12 in 1967 my teenage brother, step uncle, and step father were traveling on a narrow gravel road from the step uncle's home to a small store approx. 4 miles from his home. We were approx. 1 & 1/2 mile from his home driving through a heavily wooded section of the road when we all saw a large object crossing the road at tree top height. The objects total length was obscured by the trees on both sides of the road but was passing directly over our path and only yards ahead of us. The object was gray in color and had windows through which we could see blue tinted light. The object made no sound of anykind and was moving at a very slow speed from our right to left. The object was moving to slow for any object to stay airborne and was perfectly horizontal at tree top level. As the car passed directly under the object all conversation had ceased and no one spoke for several seconds until one of us (not sure who spoke first) asked what was that. There still was no answer or conversation for several seconds until someone else acknowledged they had also seen the object. Then there was a couple minutes of conversation in which we stated our amazement at the sighting and all described the object with no difference of opinion as to its look, speed, direction, or height.

On the way back we briefly discussed the chance (fear in my case at least) of seeing the object again, but we did not. My step uncle and his family lived in the same home until his death two years ago. I never discussed the sighting with him or my brother who died in 1986 after that night. My step father and I have only recently discussed the sighting again. I have brought the subject up of what we saw 46 years ago to him and we still have identical memories of the happenings of the eveving prior to, during, and after the sighting. We agreed that although the four of us had an identical experience it has been a subject that none of us were willing to openly discuss even with each other. I only recently found out from my mother that my step father and his uncle described the sighting with their wives upon our return.

I feel blessed to have made the sighting. I know to be the truth what most doubt. I do not know where the object originated from or who was guiding it but I have seen what few will ever witness.
