{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495349","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64094","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3293,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/349/mufon-5495349.json","updb_database_id":5495349}
{cak} photographing night sky, observed bright chevron shaped object moving across sky, changed shape to a U . uploaded pics, found many objects in night sky

My wife and I were out on our front porch using my brother's telescope to look at the moon. I had my camera and tripod set up. We noticed a bright chevron shaped object in the sky. It was brighter than any other stars and seemed to be moving slowly from NE to SW. I assumed that it was just an airplane until it changed shape to a U. I took a photo of the object right before it changed shape and then after it changed. then I took photographs of the different sections of the night sky, at about 70-80 degrees to the SE, SW, W, NW, and NE. Later when I uploaded the photos to my computer started looking through them expecting to see some fuzzy star patterns I found the other dark objects in the sky. Some of the shapes were orbs, some had a resemblance to the space shuttle only black or at least not fully lit up, of the other two types one was a squatter angular version of the shuttle and the others were cigar shaped. The shuttles seemed to be in a formation, the cigar shapes and orbs were in looser formations across the sky. We routinely go out and watch the ISS pass over head when it is scheduled to pass by at a reasonable hour so we are familiar with what that looks like and it passes much faster than the object was moving that night. I uploaded some of the photos to my Facebook page to see if anyone saw what my wife and I did in the photos. I have photographed the same sections of the night sky periodically since that night but have not since captured any unusual objects in the sky. I checked my lens for dust etc to insure that it didn't produce the images but the lens was clean and a picture through a dirty lens would have produced the same object in all sections of the sky photographed. I don't know what the objects were, only what they appeared to be.
