{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-22 15:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105777","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3354,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5455828.json","updb_database_id":5455828}
{rjl} Looking at sun setting, saw what I thought the moon when you take a picture (it's smaller) and it was moving.

While stopped a light, I noticed that the sun setting was particularly cool with the moon beside it. Also the odd shape in the clouds was interesting. Removed my sunglasses to see it better. Didn't think much about it but thought it was odd to see the moon so small like when you take a photo. Upon reaching my destination up the street, I noticed in the photo 1 the object was behind a tree. As I began moving (maybe 15 feet) the object increased in altitude and moved jn an eastward direction. If I was moving forward the object would have been revealed to the right of the tree. In photo 2 and photo 3 hou can clearly see the object moved. I wondered if it was lense flare but I had seen it with my eyes and no glasses. My position was moving west on Commercial St toward Veterans Bridge. The sun setting to my left at about 10 o'clock position in SW sky. I looked uh p the moon phase and as of today 22nd of January 2020 the moon is waning and in the opposite sky and only viewable in the morning. This object was above 500 feet and although there is an airport close by, it was no in the normal flight path west over the Fore River or South. There were two airliners above 10,000 feet as is normal which leave a vapor trail of heated air in their path. This sphere is clearly behind the tree in photo 1 and moving in an easterly south_easterly direction. I did not see it move with my eye. But did see it stationary. I also noticed a strange oval shape pushing out below the clouds. Photo 4 is of the same sky 45 mins later when driving back, my intent of this photo was to show that there is no moon in that position. 
Earlier that day, I witnessed a military helicopter, green blackhawk, flying the perimeter of the airport as my house is located in one of the general aviation flight paths. Although this is ocasek ok balkh normal for the local airwing, it is unusual to have them repetitively cir long in the direct flight path of approaching planes. I'm a skeptic but the photos don't lie, the object moved. I am very familiar with watching flights stack up at a distance for landing and there was nothing that indicated the object was a plane. Although a plan approached the airport shortly after at approx 500 feet.
