{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2813,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5286828.json","updb_database_id":5286828}
Mutant rinning from.demons

This mutant showes himself innthe hospital. While i was there trying to have an ultarsound done on my body. I have a hernia that it keeps sucking fat from. As soon as i enter the dimension opens and it appears and all of those doctors know what its doinfg. It keeps trapping my daughters in its sick world were it can rapemurder drain do anything especially torcher me in my dreams. It connects himself to me alomg with the other ones that keep roaming in my home from that hospital. It is his brain that sees the doorways that it opened not me..it is his wife still trying to create demonic horror shows and call it life. They literallly keep forcing me tontake herniated bodies and it keeps placing different one on me. Ot looks like he covers me whenever they jump onto to me and my family my husbabnd as well. It traps us on a white mist where it swaps out his demons for us calling us the demons now because the government thinks hes a superhero from taking on our personalities not theres..all last night i saw them having sex in pur home. O can hear it because not the long ear dark being that doesnt have eyes to see trapped in the room it drove me crazy in can hopp threw dimension. She keeps drinking blood on purpose encouragingpthers to be like her and i am sick of praying these demons out of my life. As soon as o rid them those people are so in tune to seeing me be driven crazy they invite him right back into my home. Ithe kicker is that it loves raping my two daughterss.. And when oit cant be free from being a rapist it attaches it shapeshifter to whoever as me and rapwes them calling it. Ascarafice. I am tired of this oimaginary person bothering me to live in its world that it just like a computer you shut it off it goes way. It keeps using telepathy to contact me threw it duplicate version of him. I think a witch is involved . why because they love black magic oils and crystals. Many reports of demons smelling lime the oils i purchase. Hence to why i shower and the smells thrown on something rao.ing earth.i never smell like what i smell. Lime when i shower. It keeps traveling back into its dimension with my smell ata hed to it. So do i shower or not.. What the hell
