{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-12 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42313","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":12520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5515828.json","updb_database_id":5515828}
{dr}Glowing balls splitting off from each other over 3 days

I witnessed glowing balls that would split off from each other and hover in the sky, appearing and disappearing in different locations, moving in opposite directions of each other, over the course of 3 days. 

I was camping by myself at a dispersed campite in Prescott National Forest, south of Prescott off of the Senator Highway. I had arrived on Sunday the 10th of April, 2011 and had planned to stay until Friday the 15th. The first two days were uneventful. 

At approximately 8:35 p.m. Tuesday evening, I was preparing to go to bed and was placing some items into my vehicle for the night. At one point while I was doing this, I noticed a bright light out of the corner of my eye. I stopped what I was doing and looked closer to see what it was. What I saw was a gold-yellow glowing ball that seemed to pulsate, approximately 25 degrees off the horizon. Using the "arms length" apparent size technique, I would say it was between the size of a "starlike" and "aspirin". All the other balls that appeared later were about the same size, some appeared closer and a little larger, none ever appeared smaller or further in the distance. The ball was stationary, and after maybe 4 or 5 seconds, it appeared to split and another ball nearly identical in size and color moved away from the first ball to the right, (from my perspective), and at an equal elevation on the horizon. After moving a bit, it stopped and hovered. Both balls hovered for perhaps 5-10 seconds and then both "blinked out" or disappeared at the same time. Maybe 30 seconds to a minute later, the first ball appeared in the same location, and another ball appeared further to the right and higher in the horizon simultaneously. Again, after about 4 or 5 seconds, the first ball split into another going to the right, and the other ball split into another as well, however this ball split to the left, which then split itself into another, again moving to the left and repeated, each time there was maybe 3-5 seconds delay before a split. Ultimately, there were 2 balls to the lower left, and 5 balls to the upper right. All 7 hovered for maybe 5-10 seconds again and then all blinked out simultaneously. Maybe a minute later the upper right ball appeared in the same location, proceeded to split into 5 balls in the same way and then disappeared again. The lower left 2 balls appeared after that, with one lone ball higher above it but about the same direction and the 5 balls in the upper right appeared but only split into 3 this time. There was a longer delay, perhaps 5-10 minutes, then the lower two balls appeared one more time. The whole event covered perhaps 30-35 minutes. 

I was alternately fascinated/astounded and terrified of what I saw. When it was in the sky I was so scared I was shaking. When they disappeared I wanted them to come back because I had NEVER seen anything in the sky like that and I had no idea what it could possibly be. During the course of the event I had climbed onto the top of my vehicle, a Suburban, to get a better view of the lights. They were all just a little bit obscured by the trees around, but from the higher vantage point I was able to get a very clear view of them all. I had a digital camera with video recording capability and binoculars with me, but I was so transfixed by the lights that I never thought to get them out. I don't know what the temperature was, but I was shaking from fear. I was so fixated on the horizon that even though the event ended at about 9:05 p.m. I remained on the roof of the car until about 11:30 p.m. when I finally decided to go to bed. 

The next day, Wednesday, I used my cell phone to access the internet and find someone in AZ who was involved with UFOs. I found Jim Manns name on the MUFON AZ website, but did not call him at that time. I called my girlfriend and told her what happened. I made a point of getting my binoculars and camera ready for the coming evening. I put my camp chair on top of the suburban and was waiting, watching the horizon starting at about 7:00 p.m. At approximately 8:45 the lower two balls appeared in the same fashion, 1 splitting into 2 to the right. But this time they were a little higher in the sky and didn't hover as long before blinking out. They were only there for about 2-4 seconds before disappearing. There was just the one appearance that evening. I was unable to capture them on camera or see them through the binoculars because of the very short duration. Nothing else appeared Wednesday night, and like the night before, my eyes were glued to the horizon from 7 to nearly midnight before finally going to bed. 

Thursday the 14th I was prepared again in the same fashion and started watching at the same time. This time there was no appearance until about 8:58. This evening the lower two showed up, but split to the left instead of the right and were further left and higher on the horizon. The upper right balls only appeared maybe two times, and only split into 3 balls. There were some major differences between Thursday and Tuesday. On Thursday, the balls appeared more rapidly and blinked out more quickly. They also would move location between their appearances. They moved to the left, ultimately moving nearly 90 degrees over the course of a half hour. And they continued to move left between their appearances. They were also clearly closer than Tuesday or Wednesday, much brighter. They continued to move left and over the space of about 30 minutes they eventually moved behind a mountain that prevented me from seeing anymore. I cant say that they stopped like Tuesday night, they may have continued but I couldnt see them anymore. During the whole event thursday, I was holding the camera with my left hand, recording when possible . I would only hit record when they appeared to save battery and memory space. My binoculars were around my neck and held up with my right hand. My phone was in the crick of my neck and I was talking to my girlfriend through the whole event. 

I was able to view the balls through the binoculars and they appeared like gold-white pulsating orbs. When they would blink out they just *poof* disappeared. There was no lingering light, smoke, etc. They never made any noise, and there werent any planes, strangely enough, during the 3 nights while they were appearing. There were planes that appeared after they had disappeared wednesday night. Most evenings at this location you will see multiple planes on a somewhat regular basis. 

I did the best I could to capture them on video, but my camera was not a very good one and didn't capture them very well. (It is a Sony DSC-S650, 7.2 megapixels.) Also, I couldnt really see if I was capturing them through the viewfinder and as a result I wasnt always able to hold them in frame. So when you can actually see them it is only for a few seconds, and somewhat shaky. I didn't alter the files, but I have tried my best to play with the settings on windows media player while the videos are playing to bring out the images, and I have at least 4 seperate videos that I have definately been able to see the lights and for as long as 5 seconds in frame. There is one particularly good period of about 10 seconds or so that I was centered on a light and its not shaky. There are 9 videos in total. I believe that a video pro could get some decent results because the lights are clearly there. Im a little bit ashamed of the VERY colorful language I used that was recorded on the videos, but if anything it should convince you of my seriousness, lol. I will happily make them available to MUFON, but, again, due to the language and poor quality I will not upload them right now. Please let me know if you want me to send the videos to you. 

I stayed there until Saturday the 16th. The evenings of Thursday and Friday I was prepared just like the previous two nights, but nothing else appeared. I called Jim Mann maybe a week later and told him my story. He encouraged me to file a report with MUFON. Initially I was willing to but as soon as I shared my story with family or friends my enthusiasm to share the story was dampened greatly. 

I have tried to stick to "just the facts" so far. Let me address my thoughts and feelings a bit more in depth now. I wasnt a UFO believer before this, I wasnt really a disbeliever either. I didn't give it much thought. Im a big stargazer and Ive spent hundreds of hours of my life watching the skies, especially at night. Ive been to airshows, looked through a telescope or two, saw Haleys comet. Ive seen balloons and blimps, helicopters, all kinds of planes, gliders, chinese lanters, aircraft flares, Ive identified planets, watched meteor showers, identified satellites in the night sky, I even tried to see the international space station when it came by last time but I slept through my alarm clock. lol. 

Ive NEVER seen anything like this before. It moved and appeared with apparent coordination and purpose, which is clearly a sign of intelligence to me. The light had a different quality to it than any other light Ive seen. Like a cross between fire and l.e.d.s. It pulsated and seemed to be moving even when it was stationary. My dad, who was in the Air Force for 24 years, suggested that they sounded like evasion or signal flares that are ejected from jets. These were not flares. Ive seen them before and these lights were nothing like that. Also, I don't think the Air Force is in the habit of dropping flares over a national forest, lol.

This event changed my life. It has led me to question a lot of things I used to believe in or cast doubt upon. It has opened my mind an awful lot. I told the story to a select group of family and friends but I quickly got tired of people basically patronizing or humoring me, or worse, joking about it like I wasnt in my right mind. I wanted to share the story of the strangest event in my life, but when they would listen it was usually with a look of doubt in their eyes. It pissed me off that noone seemed to care about it or believe me. It was very frustrating and I decided to keep it to myself after that. This is mainly why I decided not to report it until now. Eventually I realized that their enthusiasm or belief could never match mine if they werent there or hadnt experienced something similar. Frustration aside, from the very first time I shared what happened I have been comforted by the fact that I KNOW WHAT I SAW and I don't care if you believe me or not. Im not crazy. I don't do drugs, I don't drink much, I wasnt hallucinating. I know what I saw. 

I realize this is a pretty long report so Ill try and wrap it up...
I used to camp at different locations around the state regularly. I liked the variety, as long as I can have some peaceful solitude, good views, opportunities for hiking etc. Ever since last April, however, I have camped nowhere but that location. Every time I go, Im watching the horizon. I have been there at least a dozen times since April 2011, and I made a point of being there exactly a year after the first event. I havent seen anything like that since. When Im back home in Phoenix, or traveling to the east coast this summer... Im watching the skies most nights. I know I went 33 years without ever seeing something like that and it may be another 33 years, if ever, before I see it again. I still remember the terror of the unknown I felt that night, but I also remember the the wonder and amazement and curiosity, and thats what keeps me looking up each night. 

One last thing, I would be happy to show an investigator the exact location I was and describe the event again. I have a very clear memory of that night. Just let me know when you want to meet there. Thanks for doing what you guys do. Im glad there are people who are keeping track of this and trying to find out what these things are.
