{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-19 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65677","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3054,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5493828.json","updb_database_id":5493828}
{rjl} 2 red non pulsing 2 green pulsing lights. not sure if one or four objects. a couple of straight path instant 901 turns then gone instantly

I was in my back yard in Wendell, NC right as the sun was about to set @ around 8:15pm est. trimming up a tree. We had just had a quick nasty thunderstorm. I pulled the branch I just cut out of the tree and swung it around and placed it where my pile was going to be. I then turned around to go get another branch and noticed 4 very odd lights I've never seen before on any type of aircraft man made in the Southeast sky headed northeast and they were in a box formation or it was one craft. There were no other objects in the sky at that time. It was moving slower than a jet liner and was maybe 10,000 feet high. It had no sound at all and no vap trail. I watched it trying to figure out what type of aircraft it was. I was stumped. The two lights in the front were green, simultaneously pulsing and the other two lights behind them were red and not pulsing. These were larger than normal aircraft lights and brighter. When the two green ones pulsed out, I couldn't see an object. The two green lights seemed to close in together and that's when it made a 901 turn towards the northwest, i was in shock when that happened and then made a 451 turn towards the west. That's when I knew I could run and get my wife and phone and it would still be there. Not even 10 seconds later when we came back out it was gone! We could see the sky in all directions and at the speed it was moving it should have still been there. I was covered in goosebumps and my wife said my look on my face was one she had never seen on me before. I wasn't scared at all just in kind of a shock. My wife said she saw a bright flash out the corner of her eye as we came out. I didn't see it and asked her where and she pointed directly where I saw it last. She said it was a quick streaky flash like a meteor going west. About two or three minutes later a jetliner passed over head headed east northeast and it's lights and height were right and it had its sound. I immediately posted on Facebook asking if anybody else had seen this. Then I came here to you guys. I always believed this stuff could be real but now especially after those instant out of this world g force turns and instantly gone silent actions, I'm a real believer now! Any questions feel free to ask. Sorry if I jumbled this, I'm still in shock and my mind can't stop. Wow!
