{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-26 13:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117571","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3657,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5285828.json","updb_database_id":5285828}
Something seemed to be hovering and darting across a mountain lake.

I hiked up to Granite Mountain Firelookout near Snoqualmie Pass and before leaving the area. I decided to walk to a view point overlooking 2 lakes North of the Firelookout. One of the two lakes caught my attention, the one nearest to me. The one in question is named Crystal Lake. I wouldn't know how far this lake was from where I stood but it was far but close enough that I could see something darting back and fourth across the surface of the lake. My phone has decent zoom and I was able to capture 3 videos of this object. Because of the distance and quality of the zoomed in video its hard to say if it was some kind of UFO or an entity of some type... whatever the case. This object moved nothing like an animal or man made craft. When I 1st spotted this object it was moving erratically above the surface of the lake and it sure seemed like it spotted me. Realizing it was being watched it slowed down and started to move in a straight line towards me but still seemingly hovering above the water. That is when I started to record the 2nd video.( the 1st video I took unknowingly before I spotted it over the lake) I only recorded for 13 seconds when I decided to switch to camera mode because in that mode I would be able to zoom in a little bit more. I took a series of photos where this object without a doubt moved with intention. It made its way towards a dark spot in the lake and as it got closer to this spot a white tail like protrusion appears out of nowhere. It seems like this object lands on this black spot and that's when I switch back to video mode and record 42 seconds of it making its way towards the shoreline very slowly. As I watch and rewatch these videos I am able to zoom in even more to the object and there are some distinct shapes this object forms. From wing like features to a circle, dome like structure. At one point it looks like a stingray gliding/hovering above the surface of the lake.
