{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-17 03:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77125","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3054,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5482828.json","updb_database_id":5482828}
{cak}Late night swim with a friend, saw (at first) 2 extremly bright lights traveling extremely fast through the night sky, looked like two stars horizotally to one, then futher behind a fainter light all in a straight line. hovered then dropped something

Late night swim with a friend, we were just talking we both decided to lay back and float to look at the stars. The night was very clear, out of the corner of my eye I saw something moving, I turned toward it and then saw 2 extremely bright (what looked like stars) moving across the sky very very fast. I asked my friend OMG what is THAT??!!! She looked too. She saw the very same thing. Then she says look there are 3 not 2. The 2 "stars" had a fainter "star" behind them moving just as quickly. I got out of the pool to grab my phone to video it. My phone would not pick up the "stars" We watched them over across the sky and STOP. They hovered there for about 20 mins, then between the two brighter "stars" something fell out of no where. The falling object had no trail behind it, it was a fainter looking "star". We stood there watching the hovering "stars" for over 25 mins. When I grabbed my phone I noted the time. It was 3:14am. The object hoover to the west, just to the right of the moon but higher than the moon in the sky. The "stars" as they hovered there pulsated, slowly. Then the one to the right would flutter blink, then become very very very bright. The 3rd fainter light stayed constant. I opened my sky map on my phone to help identify the "stars" they were NOT listed. The lights were positioned next to the lower right hand tip of the constellation Libra and the very bottom of Alphrad constellation. This was not a plane, it was to far away in the sky to be a plane, and it moved faster than a plane. And it stopped. I do not know what it dropped, but it was something. There was not a beam or trail when the object dropped from between the two bright lights. Call me what you will. It was a UFO. We were speechless, absolutely speechless and shocked. Im a believer point blank now. I KNOW what I saw, I wasn't on drugs, I wasn't drunk. That was a UFO plain and simple....At first I was like omg what is that...then I felt in awe, then when it drop something...I was a bit afraid. My friend said she felt like we were at war. We never lost sight of it. We both went home. I couldn't sleep last night, just thinking. We are not alone in this universe. We are not alone.....
