{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-15 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29890","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5525828.json","updb_database_id":5525828}
one evening as I walked outside I saw a strange object fly right past , I called to my son to come see and he witnessed it as well .

One sunday evening I went outside into my front yard to work on a car . It was a full moon that day and the moon was up while the sun was still out . I was looking at the moon as it was verry pretty when just below and to the left an object caught my attention . I watched the object moving toward me for approximately half a minuite before calling to my son who was inside the house to come and look . he came outside and we both observed the object fly directly in front of our house ,off to the right , and make a banking turn before dissapearing behind the tree line .
  the object was white and shaped more or less like an almond . there were no wings or fins and no visible seams or windows on the object . as it passed close to me I could see a black rectangle on the bottom wich seemed to conform to the shape rather than protrude from it on the bottom .In the middle of the rectangle were two white circular rings, black in the center .It had no markings whatsoever, no numbers etc. and no lights anywhere , That is what I found the strangest , because any craft, even a baloon would have navigation lights on it ? 
    The object made no sound and moved at a steady speed in what seemed to be a perfect line I did notice that there was a breeze that day and the spotty clouds behind the object were moving in a direction that was crosswise from it's flight path . Also the trees in my yard were bending in the same direction the clouds were moving in , so I concluded that it was not travelling on wind currents but moving under it's own power . 
    Just before we lost sight of the object it made a baking turn to it's right and then disappeared behind the tree line .When it made the turn it became clear that it was sort of flattened and not exactly egg shaped . Also it left no trail as airplanes (jets) do. I could not tell you the objects size as I had nothing to compare it to for reference , It was just up there in the sky and I do not know how far I was from it,but I can say that it appeared to be rather large .
      I do not know what it was , but I know what it was not . it was not an airplane as it had no control surfaces . I don't think it was any type of duridgable craft as it was too smooth and lacking any markings
. My son and I are airplane buffs and are farmilliar with aircraft appearance in flight . I also am farmilliar with baloons as the air force used to have a baloon base just a few miles down the road and flew a baloon here every day for years . 
      Initally we did not intend to report this , but our conversations seem to keep going back to this incedent and wondering what it could have been . When we saw it we were just trying to figure out what it was and the more we think abut it the clearer it becomes that we cannot find an explanation that fits .
