{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-12-12 23:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112510","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2181,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5290828.json","updb_database_id":5290828}
Glowing light headed from the east then it disappeared and reappeared

Hunting road like 1 miles out of town my friend and I were parked and saw this light coming from the east and at first it look round and like 20 miles away i signed it with a flashlight and then I said the ufo is coming our way we got of the truck and at this time it was bigger and a lot closer as it came within like 400 feet out and like maybe now like 100 feet up it went down the side of the hill and now we were looking down at it. I took my friend's gun 308 and looked at it threw the scope he did too. I wanted to shoot but he didn't. then it blinked out from the outside edges inward we were just standing there then it reappeared to the left of us and got bigger from the outside edges outward. IT rose straight up and then came near us we got back into the truck and went off the hill we got to the main road when it came over the second time we got out and looked at it again with his rifle. I remember looking both ways of the road and I could see that the ufo was like 400 feet round only from the road we could were the edges were. No sound at all. We were at the main road looking in at town Thorne bay ak. I called my wife to run to city park and see if she could see it she was about a mile away from us. She did not see it. It ufo followed us all the way to town where it kept flying very slow to the se over the hill and toward a town called kassaan. This all happened on prince of Wales island in Alaska. I'm a pastor and my wife works at our school my friend works on airplanes. In ketchikan alaska
