{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-17 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2553,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5289828.json","updb_database_id":5289828}
possibly walked up on a craft

i was contacted by a friend that wanted to meet up to walk to his parents and have a fire and hangout. i headed to meet him on the edge of town from my house in a rural area outside of town. it was around 8:30 pm when i left and it takes around 45 minutes to make it to the edge of town. i would follow the train tracks because it was the quickest way, but it cut through the woods which was no big deal i have walked those tracks most of my life. i got to a part where the road goes over the track and the tracks go through a wooded area before it goes through town. when i was about 200 feet from road continuing down the train tracks i started to hear a humming sound that started to rev up kind of like a train engine without the exhaust sound. i started to get a little worried because i did not see a train light or hear a whistle. i started thinking what could this be as it got so loud i could feel the vibrations from it in my body than i got frightened and started running and all of a sudden there was this massive flash that lit everything up like someone had hit a light switch and turned the sun on but than i couldn't see anything because the light was so intense and i quit running so i wouldn't fall. as soon as the flash happened the sound went away. i finished walking to town and had sat down for what felt like 5 minutes because i felt safe again due to there being house near. that's when my friend and someone he knew showed up. he apologized for being late and said he didn't even expect me to still be there because it was now midnight so i ended up with some missing time. i told them what had happened and we headed back in the direction i came from and kind of looked around the are but it was really dark so we couldn't see anything and we just headed home. i have been witness to flashes like this before but they were never that close and that was the only time i had ever heard that type of sound before.
