{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-10 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62551","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2396,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5496828.json","updb_database_id":5496828}
{nd} Several wide spaced lighted objects wide formation now you see them, now you don't

I had just gotten home from puchasing lumber for a home project and was removing it from my truck. We are in the pattern for Sky harbor so I see a lot of aircraft on their base egressing or transgressing. I saw these wide spaced lighted objects. I could not tell if they were at the same altitude, but it looked as if they were. I could see some dark behind the lights it was dusk and they were not reflecting the sunset as it was down and behind these objects. At first I thought they were a lose formation of small aircraft with their landing lights on. I went to get my binoculars from the front seat of my truck and when I reached them and turned around all but one of them had vanished. The lighting of the sunset would have sillouetted them as dark spots moving to the south as their was still back lighting enough to see an aircraft at that elevation and size. One object was still visable, and before I could get it focused on my binoculars it had gone behind a street light,,only it did not appear out the other side. I searched the sky with my naked eye and the same thing no light or no sillouette. I went across the street and asked my neighbors sitting in their garage if they saw it and none there had. Two houses down another neighbor said he had not seen them but the neighbor next door had told them of seeing a similar group of objects a week or two before. I have flown aircraft, I had majored in Aircraft mechanics and lived very close to a major airport in So.Calif. So I know what is out of the ordinary. The sky was not dark enough for stars with the exception of planets close to the sun, which definately would not be seen in a group or suddenly just blink out. to be seen in that part of the sky
