{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-26 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506828","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51923","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":14893,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/828/mufon-5506828.json","updb_database_id":5506828}
{kt}Driving into town and some type of craft was tracking with my car

Its a long one, please bear with me. Come to find out, I was not the only person who witnessed something around the same time as this incident and I will expand on that later... This past Saturday (10/26/2013), I was driving in my boyfriends car to pick up something for dinner. My vehicle has been dead for a week or so now, so Ive been using his to go to work, town, etc. He was dozing on the couch and neither of us felt like going anywhere, even though we were both hungry. Finally my stomach won out and I left the house at approximately 7:56-7:59PM ET. It was full dark outside.

This sounds cliche, but from the time I got ready to head out to when I got in the car, I had this very strange, uneasy, ominous feeling. It felt as though I was being watched, or if youve ever experienced this: like when you get a hunch that something negative might happen. I shrugged it off and got underway, headed W/SW down Godwin Lake Rd. toward Green Path Rd which runs SW off Godwin Lake and ties into Harnett-Dunn Highway (Hwy 55). 

My elderly landlady happened to call me after I got just about a mile or two down the road from my house, which was around the time I first noticed this object in the sky to my SW. Her call came in at 8:02PM. I cannot recall if I had made note of it before or after she called, but it was very close to that time either way. At first, I saw it off in the distance, fairly high above the treeline. It was extremely bright, I thought for a few seconds that it was a bright star, or maybe Venus, and then as I came around a bend to a straight away where there are open fields on both sides, I saw it was definitely too large to be a star or planet. 

I said nothing to my landlady as she chattered on and I struggled to pay attention. After my star notion, I thought it had to be a cell tower, but there are none like that around here and this thing was much too close to the ground now and far too bright, maybe 300 feet or so above the tree line on the far side of the field to my left. These thoughts cycled through my mind in the span of maybe 5-10 seconds when this incredibly bright white orb-like light descended, became larger and then I realized, closer, very quickly and I knew then that it was not a stationary object. It had to be some sort of a plane or helicopter, I thought, but there were no telltale anti-collision lights blinking on the craft and I could hear no engines or rotors. I did not note any other aircraft in the area at that time. I got out my cell phone almost immediately to take a video, but I was too distracted with trying to drive, talk to my landlady via bluetooth, and watch this thing at the same time. As I got toward the end of the stretch of fields, closer to Green Path Rd, it looked as though the now slightly misshapen orb was moving along in the same direction as I was. I still didn't think too much of it. 

I lost sight of it temporarily amid some trees as I hung a left and headed South down Green Path Rd toward Hwy 55. Its about 1/2 to 3/4 mile Id say to the 4-way intersection. The object was almost directly across from me when I stopped at the stop-sign and signaled to turn right on Hwy 55. There were no other cars around at this point in time. The light seemed to hover behind some trees just across the intersection where I couldnt see it that well. I got a little weirded out at this point, thinking it had to be some police helicopter or something that for whatever reason was singling out my car.

My boyfriend is into amateur radio and has several antennas on the back of the vehicle, though none of them were transmitting or receiving at the time and it would have been too dark to see them. Still, I thought maybe for this reason car looked suspicious? I was puzzled. While my landlady kept talking, I made my way down Hwy 55 toward Dunn and Hwy 421 and noted that this bright light was tracking along with me, I could see it just below the tree line to my left, the luminescence flickering through the upper branches as I sped along. I thought, this cannot be happening. This is not real, Im just being paranoid for no reason, etc.

I started to get really scared, though. It felt totally irrational but I was near panic watching this object track along with my vehicle, which was the only one on that stretch of road at the time. I debated whether to try and hold out the rest of the way to Dunn where there would be civilization (so-to-speak), but fear got the best of me and I stomped on the brakes at the first sign of a decent place to turn around. I whipped my vehicle into the entrance to a small church on my left, maybe 1.5-2.0 miles from where I got onto 55 from Green Path. 

Keeping an eye, on the bright white craft, I looked up as I was pulling into the dirt drive and saw that whatever it was had stopped dead in the sky where I turned in, hovering directly in front of my car where it had a clear view of me between the building and a couple of large spruce trees/other structures. It appeared to be staring right at me and simultaneously I got a strong feeling of being watched. 

I judged it to be maybe 300-500ft up. At this point I saw that the craft had definitely changed shape. Though I couldnt make out any solid structures, it appeared oblong, almost diamond shaped, shining a white-gold/yellowish so brightly that rays were coming out of it, kind of like you might see in a sunburst effect on an edited photograph. Though it shone from everywhere on the craft, there appeared to be slightly longer rays at each point of the object. I also noted an even longer ray/beam of light that came off of the bottom of the craft, tapering down and ended in a point, giving it a long stretched out diamond shape. From my perspective at the time, the whole thing was probably the size of a nickel. 

In addition to the oblong shape and bright rays, it also seemed that there were a few smaller, brighter, almost white lights or structures of some arranged almost geometrically in the body of the object, but it was too bright to tell for sure. I knew the instant I saw the thing stop with me and hover silently that it was watching my progress. THATs when I freaked out. I finally interrupted my landladys long train of conversation and blurted out that I was really afraid, panic beginning to color my voice and kick-start my adrenaline. It took me only a few seconds to turn the car around the churchs small roundabout driveway. I gunned it recklessly in front of a string of 3-4 cars heading East, not about to stay in that location for another second. 

Alarmed at the sound of my voice and nearly incoherent speech, my landlady told me she would get off the phone and let me focus on driving. I was so terrified I yelled "No!!!! Please stay on the phone with me!! Im coming back that way." I begged her to stay on the line, driving maniacally back down 55 toward Green Path, barely keeping it between the ditches and not daring to look out the passenger window to see if this light was still following me. I am not sure what all I said in my panicked state, but I did tell her I thought someone or something might be following me and kept repeating how scared I was. 

I literally thought I was going insane and she probably did too. I don't get disturbed like that, ever, and Im pretty sure I was frightening my landlady, who was in the process of trying to get my landlord on their other house phone so he could talk to me as well. I never looked up from the road from the time I turned around at the church to the point that I had turned back onto Godwin Lake Rd from Green Path Rd, which was maybe the span of 2-3 miles, if that. 

Finally, as I got back on the long stretch of fields on Godwin Lake where I first noticed the bright light moving West, I got enough courage to peek out of the passenger side window. To my horror, I saw that the object was tracking right along with my car again, both of us moving East now in the exact opposite direction as before. It had no trouble keeping up with me, though I tried to out run it foolishly. I have never been so terrified in my life. I was in almost hysterics with my landlords on the phone, who thought there must be a car following me or a person in the car with me. They offered to drive out and meet me, but I was only a couple of miles from home, going probably 30mph over the speed limit and taking blind curves while driving in both lanes, more scared of the object that was pursuing me than of a high-speed collision. All I could think of was making it home.

I never looked again after I saw the object speeding along with my car down that open stretch of road, though I know I should have. I was just to freaked out. About 1.5mi and what seemed an eternity later I sped into the main driveway of my landlords property, turning immediately into their lit carport. I ended the phone call at 8:08PM and made a mad dash for the side door, not even bothering to knock much less look behind me. The whole experience had only lasted about 6-8 minutes over the span of just a few miles, but it felt like an hour had passed. 

I slammed their door behind me and locked the deadbolt, knowing full well that if it WAS something out of the ordinary a locked door wouldnt help much. I ran into their living room half-crazed, trying to relay to them what had just happened. Adrenaline still singing through my veins, my whole body shook with tremors for a good 15-20 minutes as I sat on their living room couch. They had never seen me like that, nor have I ever been so rattled. I was finally able to tell them the whole story. My disabled landlord was seated on the recliner. He wanted the front door open so he could look out the storm door and see if there was anything outside but I begged my landlady not to open it. They chalked it up to an over-zealous police helicopter or a military drone or something of that nature. I guess it could have been, but whatever it was made NO noise whatsoever, and neither of those things can change their shape to my knowledge. Perhaps what frightened me the most, was that this object not only tracked my progress, it followed me home. It knows where I live. 

Being the kind folks that they are, and seeing how badly shaken I was, my landlords insisted on driving to town for me to pick up the dinner I never managed to get. I politely refused multiple times, my hunger long since gone, but they wouldnt take no for an answer. Finally, we all piled into their old truck at about 8:30PM and headed out of the gravel driveway. He asked me if I wanted to go back the way I had come from, to see if this thing was still there. I WAS extremely curious, especially now that I had others with me, but I was unwilling to go through that fearful ordeal a second time. I don't know why I was so terrified, because I was also very intrigued, but the fear would not go away. Instead, we headed North toward the town of Benson. Sitting shotgun with my eyes to the sky, I almost immediately noted an abundance of aircraft, maybe 5-10, all flying fairly high up toward the SW. About 2 miles down Hwy 242, we gazed off to the West over an open expanse of farmland that ended in a treeline, the light from the town of Dunn visible in the distance. We were looking in the same direction that I had seen the bright craft, and sure enough, the three of us saw a large sphere-like orb that was glowing a rusty orange color. It hovered in the sky, not moving. I was sure this had to be the same thing that I saw, or at least something related to it. We continued to catch glimpses of it hanging there maybe 800ft-2000ft up in the distance until the trees swallowed our view completely. 

We finally got the food I had initially set out for, and headed back South down 242. This time, the orb was gone. My landlord dropped off my landlady and I, deciding he would drive up the road to the place where I first witnessed the object. We huddled inside until he came back and reported that he saw nothing. Marginally relieved, but still uneasy, I drove the car back to our house around 9:00-9:15 and told my boyfriend what had happened while he ate the food I brought. I had no appetite. Im pretty sure I freaked him out too because he barely said a word. I had to be at work early the next morning and I was sure I wouldnt be able to sleep in our loft bedroom, which features 2 skylights and a long panoramic window above the bed. All I could think of was what if it comes back after I go to bed? What if I wake up and see bright lights through the skylights? Or worse, in the room with me? Silly, I know, but after about 10 minutes of silence we broke down and got into the car, driving 30+ miles to my boyfriends familys house, where I slept on the floor with the ceiling light on. I felt like a 5 year old, but the fear would not go away. Ive slowly calmed down over the past couple of days, but I doubt Ill be driving that way at night alone anymore if I can help it.

I was sure I wasnt the only one who had seen this thing. It was too obvious. The next day, I decided to search for other reports. Sure enough, another person in the town of Fuquay-Varina, not from us, reported seeing a glowing orb that seemed to hover in the sky, changing shape and color. She stated that she had video and pictures, which I would very much like to see for comparison. There were more reports up the East coast that also described "orange and white orbs" sounding much like what I saw. This made me feel a little less crazy, knowing I wasnt alone in witnessing something strange. I regret not trying to take a video, for being too scared to watch the objects progress along side me that night, and for not agreeing to go back that way again when my landlords took me to town. It could have been something utterly rational, but for me it was just too weird to be explained. Currently, Im caught between a morbid curiosity to see it again, and a desperate wild hope that it never comes back. Either way, whoever or whatever it was knows where I live. 

I apologize for the great length, but I wanted to be as detailed as possible.
