{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-04-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491050","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68523","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2901,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/050/mufon-5491050.json","updb_database_id":5491050}
I w bright as an Airline Pilot, six objects seen as lights approached while climbing, then they were white discs in formation for about five minutes.

I was a young Copilot for Aviacsa Airlines on a Fokker 100 based in Merida Yucatan in 1993 in Mexico.
We departed Monterrey Mexico for Juarez Mexico in the morning,,,less than one hour into the flight we saw six very bright lights hovering over the mountains about 30 miles to the West. At first we thought they were chicken farms. Then we saw them climb above the mountain ridge were they hovered. We kept observing them while climbing our aircraft to 28000 feet. They kept getting closer and climbing with us, eventually they stopped looking like bright lights, because as they got closer to us they became very clear flying discs.
All white with no contrails or wing forms.
They were six and they sort of hovered and flew alongside, maybe 5 to ten miles to our left. The Captain and I discussed what they might be and the Flight attendants came in to look at them as well.
They didn't fly in straight formation like jet fighters do,, they climbed with us and floated next to us for about five to ten minutes.
Then I got on the radio with Air Traffic control from Monterrey, I asked them if they had Military traffic in the area... And they said no,, and asked what I had seen.
I said I saw six bright round objects, and inmmediately silence on the radio came. Then, in a split second, they dissappeared. 
They vanished without leaving any trails or contrails.
We kept looking for them and soon saw them again over the same mountain ridge, hovering as bright lights, all six of them.
That week, I flew that same flight twice, and on both ocassions we saw them again as bright lights hovering over the same mountain ridge.
Except this time they did not approach us...
This area were they were first seen is called The Area of Silence and is OFF limits by the Mexican Military. Rumor is that there is a certain mineral that changes the gravitational properties of the speed of sound, therefore , sound travels much slower. It is believed that they use that mineral for propulsion.
This experience convinced me of extraterrestial life and I know now,, that they been around for thousands of years, according to ancient manuscripts.
[Name removed/cms/tg]
