{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-29 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525050","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2678,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/050/mufon-5525050.json","updb_database_id":5525050}
I witnessed a very bright, large object nearby,in the evening sky

I work as a security officer at a large manufacturing business just west of appleton wisconsin. I was on duty at this time. I had just arrived at this location, on McCarthy Road, approx 1/2 mile north of highway 15, as part of my "rounds". I was speaking with another guard about 15 feet east of a small "guardhouse"where he was stationed. He was facing to the north, toward the plant (about 100 feet away), I was facing south. Suddenly, I noticed above him, above the large empty field to the south, a very bright, luminous light, which appeared to me to be stationary, approx. 30 degrees above the southern horizon, it appeared to be relatively close to us. I must emphasize that it's brightness was extraordinary, a pure white light, spherical,much brighter then any celestial object, there was no moon and the sky was clear.It appeared to be quite large,much more then just a spot of light. At arm's length i would say it was about the size of half my fist.  There was no sound i could hear, and no flashing lights of any kind such as an aircraft would have(local airport is about 3 miles west of here). I observed it, without any mention to the other guard, for just 10 seconds or so, when suddenly it appeared to move south very fast,at that very moment it disappeared, going from extremely bright to absolutely nothing.  My first reaction was "what the hell is that?" though i said nothing then or after to the other guard. I have an avid interest in astronomy, and can say beyond doubt this was not any meteorite, planet, etc. It was much too bright,and much larger,and did not appear to be moving until it suddenly accelerated south very rapidly,and then nothing. Not like any aircraft, I see planes all the time when i'm working, this was not a plane. I am a senior guard at this business, well respected and trustworthy, like i say i am always looking to the sky, and this was unlike anything i've ever seen before. please contact me if you please, though there's not much else i can really add. thankyou!
