{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499050","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/050/mufon-5499050.json","updb_database_id":5499050}
{rjl} We were watching a movie at the drive in theater when I noticed small lights beside the screen.

We, my mother, stepbrother, daughter (just a few months old) & I were at the drive in movie theater in Yuma, Arizona. The movie had been playing for about an hour and it was boring me. I kept looking around because of boredom. Yuma, having an airport we all were acquainted with air planes. Because of this I simply assumed the dim lit lights were that of the windows of a passenger airplane. At this point I couldn't see its shape, just the lights. After about 20 to 30 minutes of glancing at what I assumed were window lights, I realized this "plane" was not moving nor was it making any sound and realized it was not a plane. I stood up in the bed of the truck and told those with me to look. I began pointing at it because they couldn't see it. Its windows were too dim. When I began pointing and loudly saying "LOOK! LOOK! It's there" it began moving toward us. It was a very dark object, but the closer it moved the better I could see its shape. It looked as if it had a wide, huge bell on top of it. When I saw it almost over our truck, my mother and stepbrother still couldn't see it. A lady in a car next to use began trying to see it. It moved upward, tilted and that is when I saw the brighter lights on the bottom of this object. I was almost screaming for them to see it! At that moment it began moving, wobbling, and began going upward with its shape changing into a typical saucer shape. My stepbrother saw it at this point and said, "I SEE IT! LOOK!" At that time it began flopping from one side to the other several times. With each flop it got smaller like it was moving away. We were both tying to get my mother to see it, and she did at the point just before it went away. It was gone in a breath but left twinkly sparkles behind it. It looked as if it had gone through a door and closed it.
