{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494050","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65441","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2815,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/050/mufon-5494050.json","updb_database_id":5494050}
{cak} The size of a football field , silver on the top , Roll of lights in middle , and looked like a turtle shell on bottom with a metal orfis in middle.

My sister and I were swinging on the swing set to see who could go the highest . All of a sudden it got South Caldwell County NC we both lend back and looked up . That's when we saw it . My sister jumped out of the swing , jumped over the patio yard fence into the patio yard and ran into the house to get my mother . They both came out to the patio yard . By this time a smaller version came out of the UFO and held me captive in a beam of light about three to five feet off the ground . I could hear my mom and sister yelling at me but could not understand what they were saying . I looked down and I could see them below me in the patio yard . All of a sudden the light let go and I fell to the ground . Then both disc flashed bright lights that vibrated the ground . I was laying on the ground looking up , The small UFO was zipping back and forth above the swing set . The large one that was about 90 Foot in the air , the orafe in the middle of the big UFO opened up for the second time and I could see up into it as the small one went back up into the big UFO . I could see it attaching to something inside the large UFO. It looked like it was attaching to a cobweb , then it turned black and the orafes closed . The UFO went higher up in the air and hovered , then it disappeared . To me it seemed like the whole sighting was only about 15 minutes . When it finally disappeared I went and climbed the fence into the patio yard and went up to my mother and sister . They both thought I appeared out of thin air . They dragged me into the house and locked the doors . They were hysterically crying . It did not scare me but made me feel extremely happy . The only other thing I can say about this sighting is that it seemed to me that these disc's where living , breathing things . The sighting occurred after lunch about 1 pm when we went to play on the swing set . After my mother dragged me in the house , locked down the doors I went and turned on the tv and one of my favorite show's was on " Wallis and Ladamoe which came on right before the news around 4 pm .
