{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-03 06:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292050","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111277","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3282,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/050/mufon-5292050.json","updb_database_id":5292050}
2 large objects hovering in formation unidentifiable shape

I was traveling south on I-205 from Oregon City to I-5 Northbound. As I approached West linn on I-205 I noticed 2 large very large bigger than an air craft but not like gigantic hovering over the Petes Mountain area just to the south of me. I immediately noticed them because they were out of place as I travel this route often as in 3 or 4 times per week. I kept my eye on them until I was at a point just past the West Linn exit where I could not see the through the trees anymore. So they were low enough that the trees and Petes Mountain hid them from my view at this point. I wanted to stop when I first saw them and photograph them but traffic was just building for the morning commute and it was moving at 70 to 75 mph so pulling over was not a safe maneuver. As I continued south towards the I-5 northbound exit I thought about what I had seen and wondered if any of the other people around me had even noticed these strange large objects. When I approached I-5 I wondered if by chance if I looked south down I -5 towards wilsonville in my mirror would I see that these objects may have flown the few miles to the wilsonville area., Sure enough as soon as i began the merge from the I-205 south to the I-5 north I looked south and there they were at approximately the same elevation hovering in the same formation right over the freeway at id say approx 1000 ft elevation and 1 mile to my south or just over the north Wilsonville area. I was amazed and again wanted to stop but it just wasnt safe and i was meeting my boss in a few minutes to pass him paychecks so he could deliver thewm north in washington so i could not be late. I continued to travel north on I-5 and being a fairly straight line of sight I could see in my side mirror the two objects in formation as they appeared to be traveling north behind me as i could tell they were getting closer to me because they seemed to get larger in view not in size but as they were getting closer. if that makes any sense? but as i approached the hill at haines st exit of course they were out of sight and that was the end of my experience. When I got to the job sight I called my partner and told him the story that evening when I got home he said that he had heard of these objects being seen by other people who had reported them to the local news and that they were related some way to a sighting in 1984 and some person had made contact with these crafts? I don't know he did not hear the full story and I could not find any info about it at all. Typical of our screwed up media who only cover one or two major events like covid or riots or the presidential campaign.
