{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-09-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497050","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62324","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2930,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/050/mufon-5497050.json","updb_database_id":5497050}
{dr}star like light changing several directions suddenly ,then disappearing

A friend and I were in middle school and at high school football game. We decided to leave early and sneak a smoke. We walked a couple of blocks and went behind a video store. We both layed flat on our back in the grass as we smoked,looking up at the stars. It was night time and the sky was clear as could be. You could see every star in the sky. I saw a plane high in the sky flying a straight path and had a blinking red light. We have at least 3 small airports in 3 different states within about a 10 mile radius from us. I watched the plane for a few seconds then I started looking straight above me at the stars. All of a sudden I saw a light that I thought was a star start moving fast across the sky,I thought " cool, a shooting star" it moved fast, in a straight line several feet across the sky which in reality was probably a couple miles in reality because it was so high above us. Well it moved several feet across the sky in a second or less, and all of a sudden it stopped. It stayed in one position for a second or 2 and then it instantly moved the same distance and speed across the sky again but this time in a different direction, then it stopped again and stayed still for a second or 2 and took off again but in a different direction this time again. It did this 4 or 5 times. It moved, stop, rested for a second or 2 then took off in a different direction each time, it reminded me of a pin ball, but instead of continually moving as it changed directions it stopped for a second or 2 before it changed directions. After 4or 5 times it stopped, then took off at an unreal speed and completely disappeared. I was completely shocked. This only lasted 30 seconds or so and my friend and I had not said a word to each other. After it disappeared I asked my friend if he had seen that? He said " you mean that star light that started and stopped moving several times,changing directions each time then disappearing?" I said yes, and I'm glad you saw that too. We never really talked about it after that night. Since then he moved away and I lost contact with him. I do not know what it was but there is no way it was a shooting star. It was the same color,size and brightness of a star and the light never changed color or got brighter or dimmer.
