{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-20 20:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504050","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54853","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4204,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/050/mufon-5504050.json","updb_database_id":5504050}
{rjl} Witnessed very bright orange orbs radiating orange hue of light in night sky middle of the desert

On our way home from San Diego, California to Tucson Arizona, my boyfriend and I were driving on Interstate 8. First I witnessed what I thought was a plane, then I realized the lights were much bigger and there was no aircraft, there were 3 round orb-like and orange lights in the shape of a triangle that were moving/flying rapidly upward then suddenly disappeared. At first I was very confused at what it was that I saw and why/how it disappeared, and if it was a plane how this was possible? I was totally perplexed and almost wanted to disacknowledge what just took place. What made me notice this was the size and triangular shape of the object and how quickly it was flying upward. 
After 30 minutes later my boyfriend and I were having a conversation when I noticed in my peripheral vision one giant orange circular/orb like light to the right of my vision (South of Gila Bend - seemed to have been outside of Ajo, Arizona). This light was not moving in any direction it was staying still in one spot but it was almost the size of a penny, and was about 20-35 degrees above a mountain. We continued to watch it for 2 & 1/2 minutes until we watched it dissolve into nothing, dissolving from bottom first then top. It almost appeared to look like a mini sun, in the middle of the night, I compare it to this because of how bright it was and the intense aura of light it was emitting, the light was a very bright orange hue and it was sparkling almost like a fireball or star in the sky but much more intensely than anything I've ever seen. It appeared out of thin air, there was no trail or streak of light before it appeared, nor was there anything left behind when it disappeared. It just slowly faded away and was gone. While watching this I just had no idea what I was seeing, I knew it wasn't a plane or a flare because it would have left a streak or trail, I felt in shock at this point and awe at how bright this object was. I almost felt afraid because I had no way to explain what my eyes were witnessing. 
Then about ten minutes later after we had driven away from the place we had stopped to watch it, we noticed that 4 more of these orbs appeared in a line. At this point we were further away from them, but they were the same color and shape ( bright orange orbs floating in same spot radiating intense light) then a minute later a 5th one appeared, and for the next 2-5 minutes these orbs continued to appear and disappear across different positions in the sky. Out of nowhere once again, it was as if someone flicked a light switch when they just disappeared. However, when they were still in the sky it did look like they changed shape at one point into a diamond like shape, but then they returned back into orb/circular shapes flickering immensely almost like extremely bright stars/suns. At this point I felt extremely happy/excited that I had seen something out of this world and unexplainable I was just happy and calling everyone I knew sharing that I was witnessing some crazy lights radiating this intense orange light. Then as I drove away I felt afraid and in shock for the unknown. At this point today I would just like to know what I had seen.
