{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-17 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500535","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2785,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/535/mufon-5500535.json","updb_database_id":5500535}
{cak} Cloud stopping, changing directions, then turning into rings of lights.

Ok.... So I was at the drive in theater with my buddy watching a double feature. The sun had just gone down and the sky was that dim gray color from the city lights. The moon was bright that night so very little stars were visible adding to the weird glow of the sky. We were watching the movie Speed Racer and I was becoming rather disinterested. I noticed how clear the sky was except for one small cloud floating North on the left of the screen, towards the screen from my perspective(we were facing east), so I decided to watch it until it would pass behind the screen. I noticed it was moving pretty quick and I thought that there must be some pretty strong winds up there, but I have seen other clouds moving that speed. As it moved closer towards the screen it slowed and then stopped all together! I then slapped my buddy on the shoulder and pointed towards the cloud saying look! The cloud then proceeded in the opposite direction gaining speed and altitude. What happened next is difficult to describe. It's like the cloud condensed into a spot and 3 rings of green lights with a kind of oval shape (I'm guessing because of the angle) appeared on that spot. They kinda randomly went in different directions. They then went up and seemed to gather in formation, then dive down what I assume was in a SE direction with incredible speed below the tree line and I lost site of them. This part happened very quickly.

My buddy saw the lights too but he didn't see the cloud. I don't think his eyes had enough time to adjust as he had been looking at the screen. I have no idea if anyone else there had witnessed this.

Please after years of scouring the internet I have never found a similar incident. It kinda threw me for a loop as I never believed in UFOs and thought people were just making things up. It has been driving me crazy. Any information on this would be greatly appreciated. I have never publicly told this story for fear or ridicule. I have tried telling my friends but they always dismiss me. Even my buddy that was there does not want to dig into it but I simply cannot let it rest and be lost.
