{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-25 23:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454535","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107081","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2421,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/535/mufon-5454535.json","updb_database_id":5454535}
Near the bottom left corner of the video, you can see two lights showing zigzag motions, keeping the same distance between them.

This video was taken at the foot of Mt. Tokachidake (an active volcano in the northern part of Japan), which has been famous for UFO sightings for decades. Near the bottom left corner of the video, you can see two lights showing zigzag motions, keeping the same distance between them. In the past, during the daytime around this area, my friend witnessed a strange oval object with two lights, one each on the left and the right edges, so I suppose that would be the reason for these two lights keeping the same distance. I fixed my camera position and did not follow the lights, so the zigzag motion of the object was not because of camera shake.

Although the lights were moving around a lower part of the sky, it does not mean they were close to the ground because I was standing on the plateau looking down the wild forest and valley below. The site was a kind of dangerous area where wild bears often appeared, so no one could fly an LED night kite or anything else in the wild forest or valley in the middle of the night. The site was at an altitude of 930 meters and the temperature was very low at night. It was completely dark and I could see many stars in the sky with the naked eyes, but my small digital camera (CASIO EX-H10) could not catch any starlight. So you can guess how bright that object actually was.

Four years later (in June, 2014), I visited this place again but could not see any strange lights here, however, at the camping site near this place, I have videotaped another UFO flying across the sky at a high speed with more complicated zigzag motion.
