{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-24 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289535","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113821","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2249,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/535/mufon-5289535.json","updb_database_id":5289535}
Saw lights in the sky which did not resemble any aircraft I have ever seen.

I was out in my front yard with my two dogs ("bathroom"). As a rule; I always look at the night sky especially when it's clear and the moon and stars are visible. 

As I looked to the north east; I noticed some very strange looking lights just over the horizon at about 15 degree elevation from the ground. The lights seemed much too large to be from any aircraft I have ever seen. 

The lower lights seemed to be in a triangular shape sort of like an inverted pyramid. There was a series of individual lights coming up from the lower triangular shape which was shaped like a "Y" and sort of looked like an antenna when I firs saw it. There was also one additional smaller individual light which seemed to be accompanying the larger cluster of lights. The smaller light moved away from the large cluster and both sets of lights traveled in the same direction.

When I first saw the lights, the large cluster seemed to be either hovering in one spot or slowly moving in my direction. I did not notice the cluster getting larger or smaller as I watched.

After about three minutes of hovering in one spot, the cluster of lights moved in a south east direction. I watched as long as I could. Since the lights were low on the horizon, I lost sight of them as they passed behind the roof of a neighbor's . I walked into the from yard to get a better look and the lights had disappeared by then. 

Do a web search for my address on a map and zoom out just a bit until you see HWY 317 and then Windsor running into it. The lights seemed to be right about Windsor when I saw them.
