{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-28 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524535","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31308","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4322,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/535/mufon-5524535.json","updb_database_id":5524535}
An object was spotted hovering and moving through the sky for hours after hurricane

At approximately 11:50pm on 8.28.11 the first witness spotted a bright, large light in the sky while having a cigarette. At first it appeared stationary just below the treeline in the distance, like a star. the light then moved upwards in the sky, startled the witness, and caused them to seek out a second witness (myself.) When I went outside I saw the light, very bright and much larger than the stars. Upon seeing it and its location, I promptly checked the NASA website, a "Star Walk" app that shows what bodies (stars, planets, satellites, etc) are visible in the sky that night using GPS, checked other resources online, and none of them showed anything that would be that large and visible at night. There were NO planets, bright stars, or man made objects located in that part of the sky at that time. After a few minutes of watching the object, it started flashing. It would go dim, then come back bright. Go completely dark/ disappear, then come back bright. It did this for about 5-7 minutes. I got a video of it that covers a 3 minute duration of the pulsing. I was holding the camera by hand, so I was shaking it, but the pulsing wasnt caused by myself. After it stopped pulsing I got my tripod and set the camera up and snapped a few pictures of it. With the naked eye it looked mostly white with the slightest color changes and the slightest sparkle of other colors. On the digital pictures with them zoomed in, I could see that it was emitting a greenish glow, sometimes also emitting purple and a blueish tone as well. I had the camera on the lowest shutter speed and used a timer taking them so I would not shake them and so that the camera would absorb as much of the color as possible. After taking the pictures I looked at it for a little while and went inside. At about 1am I went back outside to see where it was and found it had moved a bit higher in the sky and to the left of where it was. At that point, it was flashing. It went completely dark instantly, then after a second or 2 it came right back. It did this three times. I returned inside again for a little while, returning back outside at approximately 2am. It was now slightly higher again, but this time it was far to the right of where we had seen it originally. It was checked one more time about a half an hour after that and it was seen very high in the sky, back toward the center of where it was originally seen again. This was the last time any of the witnesses checked the object, and it was gone by daybreak. Upon reviewing the pictures I had taken, I noticed the object appeared to have changed shapes slightly from picture to picture. I know this was not a blur or my own mistake because stars can be seen in the background as single, crisp pixels. While looking at the object itself and the pictures even after, I had an eery feeling that this object was something unlike anything I had seen before. I had an odd feeling that it wasnt anything human made. It drew me in and scared me at the same time. Even now I really don't know what to think about the sighting.I took as many pictures as I could on the camera batteries because I felt like it was something that needed to be shared. I just had a feeling in the pit of my stomach that the object I saw was something new to me. Something I may never see again, but something I wont forget.
