{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493535","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65977","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4157,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/535/mufon-5493535.json","updb_database_id":5493535}
Missing time and distance

i was walking through a field with my dog. It was a warm day without a cloud in the sky and hardly any wind and no one around that I could see. I crossed the river on the stepping stones. I remember being cross that I'd fallen off a stone and my right foot was now wet through. I continued up the quite steep path that took me from the river up the side of a hill. I gradually became aware that everything was really quiet, in fact there was complete silence. I couldn't even hear the river and that struck me as strange as it is an area I know very well and I know that I should be able to hear it. 
My dog was doing her best to slip out of her collar to go chase rabbits when she suddenly stopped and ran behind me and cowered behind me, shaking like Id never seen her shake before. That was when I heard the pulsing hum, very quiet at first, like hearing someone's headphones as they walk past you but it got louder and louder. It seemed to fill my head and I remember it made my ears itch inside. I was looking around me trying to see what the noise was. I thought maybe it was the forestry guys cutting trees but no chainsaw sounds like that. I could feel it spreading through my whole body, really strong pulses of hums and buzzes. I remember feeling very agitated and nervous and incredibly thirsty so I reached for my water bottle in my pocket. And that's the last thing I remember until I opened my eyes and to my horror I was laying on the ground, it was pitch black, raining heavily, my dog was nowhere to be seen. 
I saw flashes of white light passing me on my right hand side and suddenly realised I was laying on Tarmac underneath something large as I was completely dry but everything around me was soaking wet. A bright light shone in my eyes and I heard a voice asking if I was ok. It turned out that the voice belonged to a lorry driver who had pulled into a lay-by on the motorway to eat his late night snack. Before he had set off again he had checked under his vehicle as he'd previously hurt a cat that had taken shelter some weeks before. He helped me into the cab of his truck and have me a drink of tea and a chocolate bar. He then asked me if I needed help and could he take me somewhere safe. He said he was heading to Leeds so I asked if I could hitch a ride with him. We looked for my dog but in the dark there was no sign of her so I reluctantly agreed to leave. I told the lorry driver everything that i remembered up until him finding me. I looked at the clock in the lorry cab and it said 3:46am so I looked at my watch but it had stopped at 11:07am. I didn't say another word and made my way home from the lorry drivers depot in a taxi in a state of complete bewilderment. 
I didn't tell anyone about the most frightening experience of my life until I met my fianc1. He laughed at me and said I must be mad or high. I've never taken any mind altering substances other than alcohol and I was completely sober - I was 17 at the time. 
I don't even know if I was abducted as I have no recollection of anything other than I have described above. All I know is I was walking my dog in the sunshine and then I wake up laying under a lorry over 12 hours later 50 miles from where I started. 
I know I'm not mad. I know what I heard and felt but no-one will take me seriously. Even the faintest buzzing noise now makes me feel so panicked and on edge. 

Thank you for taking the time to share my experience with me. Maybe, just maybe, one day I'll find out what really did happen. 

Yours Faithfully 

Anna Sheard
