{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-15 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456535","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105054","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3769,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/535/mufon-5456535.json","updb_database_id":5456535}
Observed this object in the sky, then disappear

I parked my car in a quiet place as I often do when I have trouble sleeping. Sun roof open because it was a nice clear night and seat reclined, staring blankly up at the stars.
The car Fuel warning light had been on for a while and knew that I barely had enough to reach the fuel station, about a mile away but was not too concerned at this. This was about 11:30pm, on a clear but reasonably warm dry night.
I must have fell asleep because I awoke with a jump, looked around and saw I was in total darkness, which was unusual because I had been parked in a built up area with street lights etc. I got out of the car to see what was happening and immediately saw that I was in a layby, on a motorway (no lighting at this part of the road). I then noticedone of those luminious orange emergency phones mounted on a poll. I called the operator and asked where I was. He was understandably confused by my question, after trying to explain the situation, he told me that I was in Port Talbot, South Wales. I am now about 40 miles away from where I started, have ing no fuel to have made the journey. As I heard the operator telling me he was going to arrange for a police officer to pick me up, I glanced across the bushes at the edge of the layby and saw a ball in the air. This looked strange because it was a yellow/mustard sphere and had small lights darting around it, sometimes entering the sphere, sometimes exiting the sphere. I looked twice and thought that I was being stupid because it was only the moon. I looked across the darkened sky and saw the moon in the sky, its normal size and colour. Looking again at the sphere, I realised that this was NOT the moon but something else entirely. The sphere then just disappeared. I am not sure if it moved off at such a speed that I couldn't see it move or that it just simply disappeared.
I checked over the car best I could in the light, discovered that the fuel warning light was still brightly illuminated with the guage reading zero, as it was earlier. Checking the time, it was now about 3am (just gone actually). I decided not to wait for the police as they would think I was on drugs or drunk. I decided to try to drive to a fuel station (if there was one locally). The problem was that I hade no money. I found one, the car was complaining about the lack of fuel but I was forced to put fuel in the tank and take my chances! I put enough in to get home and drove off.

This self same event occured again a couple of nights later, only this time I found myself in Brecon, some 25 miles away!
About a week later, I was driving down a familiar road when I saw this sphere again, travelling low over the South Wales Valleys. I thought 'here we go again' but nothing happened on that occassion.
My conclusion - I could not have reached Port Talbot with the fuel left in my car, I was pushing my luck already without driving the distance to port Talbot. The car would not have made the journey. I did not have money or cards on me to pay for additional fuel. 
I cannot remember anything else but the only explanation is that my car was moved 40 miles away by some other means.
