{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521603","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34637","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2655,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/603/mufon-5521603.json","updb_database_id":5521603}
3 red-orange orbs moving in straight-line right after midnight new years

It was about 12:10 am on New Years day, when I went to take my dogs outside. At that moment I was looking up at the stars when I noticed there were 3 orange/red glowing orbs moving from ssw to nne. At first I dismissed it as maybe some chinese laterns or flares but from the distance I was at observing these objects, there were no signs of flames or pulsating lights within. The more I looked at it the more I was comimng to the realization I was seeing something very unusual. My 6 children were home at the time and I immediately called them to come look at what I was seeing. Their ages range from 15 to 8. We were all in amazement. These orbs looked as if they could be of great proportion but being I believe pretty far away from them I couldnt get a real idea of how big they were or if they were possible part of an even bigger object. 

I am a skeptic so this has really been messing with my head. I have been trying to wrap my head around what I possibly saw that night. Thank goodness for the internet because I have been searching to see if anyone else had witnessed what we saw that night. When searching I found many reports that matched the description of what I saw and fortunately there were pictures and videos attached to verify it also. When I pulled up the first video I immediately freaked out because it was exactly what I saw and these images were captured in different parts of the country on the same day. I still have no explaination for what my family and I saw. It has really changed my belief on things. I now don't read reports and automatically assume that the person is crazy and is just saying these things for the attention. 

I do know I wasnt seeing things thankfully because my 6 children witnessed it too and also thanks to mufon I was able to find another report from someone who witnessed the samething her in louisville, ky. The fact that I found this report made me decide to report what I saw in hopes to see if anyone else saw the same thing.
