{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-09-29 06:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509603","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5028,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/603/mufon-5509603.json","updb_database_id":5509603}
{kt}Gray/dark olive delta wing object, on radar north, then 3 miles north of MIA, hovering 100 ft over commuter terminal, ascends upward past arriving airliner.

Historical Sighting - Witness (A) was not the eye witness, but witness (A) questioned closely the controller involved, witness (B). Witness (A) was an air traffic controller at Miami International at the time this event occurred.  He came on duty at 10:00am on this day, the whole facility was buzzing, so he asked 1what was going on1. The person he asked said that the midnighters had seen a UFO at the airport earlier. Witness (A) did not get the full details for several weeks. The controller, witness (B), was obviously upset over what he had witnessed and refused to talk about it. Witness (A) waited a few weeks for the right time and when it was quiet he asked this controller to tell him the whole story. 
Witness (B) said that he was working the midnight shift and his relief had arrived up in the tower cab as well as a flight data assistant (three total, witnesses (B), (C), (D)). They were chatting and one them looked up at the tower radar display. Something was quickly moving across the scope from the north and toward the airport. The observer called out, they all started looking out the windows (it was dark but getting light in the east). To the north something low was covering up the lights on the ground. At this point the UFO is almost over airport. They all saw it as it came to a hover over the commuter ramp, (low, 100 feet or less) which is in the middle of the airport, without any illumination lighting visible. At this point I stopped the story to ask a question; how big was it? Witness (B) said it was about the size of a B-727, which is quite large. He also said that it was dark in color, maybe dark olive. 
The object hovered over a vehicle and turned on a bright light. There was a ramp person in the vehicle asleep, witness (E). The ramp vehicles all have radios tuned to the ground control frequency. Witness (E) started screaming on frequency for the tower to quit playing pranks. The light stayed on for several minutes. Remember it1s getting lighter outside every minute. The light turned off and it continued to hover. Now it1s light enough to see detail. 
The object then rises vertically and passes very close to an arriving Eastern Airlines A-300. The aircraft was coming in from the south and was on downwind and preparing to land. The pilot, witness (F), asked 1what the hell was that?1 The controllers said that they did not know. The object continued up to many thousands of feet, but still visible from the ground.
At this point a controller supervisor, witness (G), was driving into work, saw the object ascend and watched it until it stopped ascending, when the object stopped it stayed motionless for several minutes and then it started to gyrate wildly, turned on white, red, green lights, while still gyrating and had many multi-colored lights flashing. The object performed like this for several more minutes. When it stopped it stayed motionless for several minutes and then suddenly went vertically out of sight. 
In the tower things were hectic trying to see if the radar room could see anything and getting the airliner on the ground. While taxiing in, the pilot, witness (F), asked if the controllers knew anything more, then stated 1well I guess I1ve seen one now1. Over the next hour or so 1answers1 started coming from various agencies, none of which was accepted by the controller witnesses. In the end the FAA told them to say nothing of the event. One final thing, witness (B) mentioned that for the next couple of hours (no wind) a yellow-green/violet haze was seen to stay in the area where the object had been hovering. This event was a catalyst, of sorts, to open a host of stories from other controllers. 
This case was a secondary sighting provided by witness (A) for Michigan case #47976, provided herewith by [identifying information removed/CMS/kt]. Quick background check, witness also had a FL address, sighting also posted to NUFORC 27Apr04 by same author.
