{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-08-01 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491603","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67959","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3172,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/603/mufon-5491603.json","updb_database_id":5491603}
{dr}A sphere hovering over the Miss. River, following a cruise ship, in Summer 1992.

I am not certain about the date, but this happened in the of Summer 1992. My boyfriend in high school was in a band and they practiced in the 9th Ward, New Orleans. The band had a gig in Gretna, La on a Saturday night. We all had a great time and shut the place down. Now it is about 6am Sunday morning; a band member, my boyfriend and myself drove to the 9th Ward to pick up the equipment at the band member's house. The three of us joked about,'how did we get to be the only ones to pick up the equipment at 7:20 in the morning!'. The joking went on as we finished up and we departed. My boyfriend and I had about a 25 minute drive to Marrero, with no traffic and taking the Westbank Expressway hi-Rise. Even with traffic, I could make that run, knowing shortcuts, ok. When we got to the other side of the G.N.O. bridge, I saw a shpere hovering over the tree line and was behind a cruise ship that was coming around the bend. I said, "Is that the sun? No it can't be. What is it?". My boyfriend says, "Oh that's the sun.". I was already going through the process of elimination, and I see the sun to the east and said, "No! that is the sun! This thing is facing south.". The sphere looked bronze/golden color, the height was as big as two maybe three cruise ships stacked on top of each other, but not as wide. It might be able to fit in the Super Dome, on the field. Of course, I am still driving at this point, slowed down a little bit, when I first saw it, but not much. As we are pondering this sighting, I am thinking of going to where we can observe it, but got nervous. We are on the W.B.Hi-Rise and I take the first exit to get to ground level. I just did not want to be where it can see us, I do not know why. I felt a little frightened. We said that we would not tell anyone. We get home, as we are coming inside, his dad is going out to look for us. His dad said, "There ya'll are! I was coming to look for you". We said, "Why?!". Dad said, "B/c it is 11 o'clock! Ya'll are never this late, the morning after a gig". Although I drove the ground level to get home, after the sighting; it should not have taken that long to get home. I timed that run many, many times after that and even w/traffic, it does not take 3.5 hours to drive from St. Claude bridge to Ames and Laplaco Blvd. We did tell our parents and close friends, and till this day do not know what happen in the time we lost. I never saw anything like that again. I always wonder if anyone saw it that day.
