{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-13 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455603","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106006","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3152,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/603/mufon-5455603.json","updb_database_id":5455603}
Witnessed a star like object speed across sky before changing direction twice. Moments later white triangle appears and shatters into white birds

Looking at the sky while outside with my mum, she said "have you ever seen a satellite move that fast?" I looked up and I saw what looked like a satellite or star and could've been the size/altitude of a star or satellite moving 3 or 4 times faster than any satellite I've ever seen. 

There were no stars visible that night.. it was cloudy and even the moon wasn't visible, so I pointed this out to my mum. She kept on looking and agreed that it's strange to see that but no other stars whatsoever. 

We go on looking for 10 seconds or so and the light just stopped. Complete stop. Mum and I are both asking each other WTF and as soon as we reacted it did a 90°turn and was now travelling toward us rather than an east-west direction. 

Now we're excited and really exclaiming WTF!!! because we know that there are no aircraft on earth that can stop and turn like that. We had about 10 more seconds before the light did a very wide U-turn and then shot off at a higher rate of speed into a point of light (like you'd see in Star Trek)

We were dumbfounded, excited, not totally sure what to say to each other for a second, but we knew that we both saw the same thing and that it wasn't normal.

Suddenly I hear a loud DZZRRRRRRRRR like a jet engine type of noise..it was so loud that I looked up, startled. I see a white inverted triangle object that might've been the size of my house, right at street light level. I can't recall if I saw it moving or if it was stationary because I had about one second to react, and I just yelled "MUM, MUM, MUM" and clutched at her arm in fear panic. 

She says, WHAT?!! probably irritated because she saw no reason for me to get so excited, and I pointed at where the triangle was, and as I did that, the sound of shattering glass exploded in my head, and then birds...what looked like hundreds of white birds exploded from this triangle, and all I could hear was this swarm of birds that flew off in all directions. 

My mum and I still talk about this, and I personally think about it daily. It's an obsession because I need to understand. I need to understand the triangle and the birds especially, because that's the only part of the event that my mum didn't witness or comprehend. She says she remembers birds, but no overwhelming jet sound or a triangular object. I hope one day someone else will have a similar experience, as I've yet to read about one.
