{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-06 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483603","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/603/mufon-5483603.json","updb_database_id":5483603}
{cak} It appeared out of no were at these treetops around 2:45 am

my friend and I were sitting at a near by cemetery around 2:30 am. We pulled over to find his cell phone he dropped while driving me back to a other friends. Well I told him to pull over and park in the cemetery because I needed to talk about something anyway. Well as he was looking for it 10-15min into our conversation I noticed this bright silverish - purple light 25-30 feet in front of us right above these trees in the cemetery. I asked him do you see that. He said yes and asked me what is it. I told him I didn't know, and as I'm saying this it was hoovering at a slow pace till it got directly above us.and it sat above us for about 3 minutes. And as it was above us I noticed a pattern on the bottom of this metallic disc. There was 3 glowing circles that glowed red and they were in the form of a triangle and the 3 red glowing circles were outlines not filled. So what I'm trying to explain is the shape of a triangle was for,Ed out of 3 circles 2 on bottom and 1 on top of the other 2. And once it was above us and we were looking at it and I noticed the red glowing circles I was hearing this humming sound in my head. Anyway after the few minutes past it went from being above us and started to Hoover south of us very slow again till it was above this house and it sat 10 feet above this house for another few minutes then disappears like a flash of a diamond. Was gone instantly. It scared me that bad because how detailed this thing was that I saw I wasn't able to sleep that night nor the following night because of the fright it gave me.  

I had a photo and audio recording of this experience on my old cell phone. That phone has been ruined due to water damage . I still have a photo on my Facebook that I posted of it day after it happened in the photo it looks like a glowing orb . But I do not have the audio no more. But the other witness I'd like you guys to interview him also thanks.
