{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-09 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466603","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94087","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3553,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/603/mufon-5466603.json","updb_database_id":5466603}
{cak} Approximately 40 orbs, moved in line across horizon, then ascended into sky forming patterns like triangles then disappeared in groups.

It was early afternoon, off of the southwest corner of the Broadway and Horn intersection, in Mesa, Arizona, on April 9, 2016. My friend and I were standing outside talking in front of a building. I was facing west and my friend was facing me and directly in front of me. I suddenly noticed in the sky above his head to the south, and appearing to only be several hundred feet or so off of the ground, a group of shiny white spherical objects moving together in a semi lined up formation which was moving directly north at a speed that seemed to be less than 100 mph or the speed of a car. I immediately counted about 40 objects. At this point, my friend was also observing these objects and trying to figure out what they could be. We couldn't think of anything that they could be and continued watching for another 20 minutes or so. After about 1 minute, the objects broke formation and quickly started ascended and simultaneously spreading out across the sky almost directly above us. Then the objects gathered closely together into various groups. After a couple of minutes the groups started forming various geometric shapes, such as triangles, circles, and other shapes I have never seen before. These appeared perfect in their dimensions and would remain stationary for up to 30 seconds and longer and then the objects would come together again with some of them moving to another nearby group, and then form another shape. After about 15 minutes if doing this all the groups came together and formed a perfect line in the sky, which also lasted about 30 seconds. However, the triangle was the prominent shape they would form. Finally, they all gathered back into individual groups and one by one these groups, and in less than a second, would completely vanish or disappear. After all the groups disappeared, I noticed one of the objects remained and not move from it's position for several minutes and it also got brighter until it also vanished.

As my attention was completely captured, I didn't even think of taking a picture with my phone for most of this event. However, I did take several pictures but lost all but one because my phone that had them was damaged later but I did manage to recover one I had posted on Facebook the day this occurred. I still hope I can recover the other photos if they got backed up somewhere.

I have also had several other encounters in Arizona which I do have another photo which I actually captured by accident. And the other time was with my wife - she believes my stories now!!! Interestingly, she had a hard time believing me even with photos until we watched quite a UFO show together and then she couldn't stop looking up in the sky. It's good to know I'm not alone anymore.
