{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T03:14:11Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 74, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7018877, "source_file": "FBI-Vault-UFO/pdfs/ufo-part-05.pdf", "source_sha256": "d46d8d32e344062ab4f5c0b2459973bab6e9aff40ea539b4efde0eaa8540af25"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 162, "chars": 1213, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FID I ORM 10. 64
Office Memorandum. UNITED STO
TES GOVERNMENT .
TO
FROM
SUBJECT
Direotor, FBI - AIR MAIL
SAC, San Francisco
REPORTS OF FLYING DISCS
DATE: August 26, 1947
Thora are bolas transaitted horomith to the Buroau photostatio copies b76
of thrae reporta receited from Lieutenant Colonel l
• 1-?, Fourth
-Air Force, Bamilton Flold, Califorala, Involving reported sightings of flying
_discs.
The Los Angeles Office is being furnished with a photostatio copy o
tho report of Lieutenant Colonel
•dated August 18, 1947 concerning tha
Invastigation conduated at the Muroc Flight Iest Base, Muroo, Califorala.
The Butte Office is being furnished with a photostatio oopy of the
roport of Lieutenant Colonel (
dated August 20, 1947 which sets forth a
letter received from Mr..
• Folena, Montara.
This office is maintaining contact with Lieutenant Colonel
and wIll furnish the Bureau with a subsoquent report from him concerning the ob-
servationa of Mrd
bacramento, California, who has raported
cortaia observations which he bolloves may involve a flying dise at Placervillo,
California, on August 14, 1947.
5b7C
HWK &EMB
Enolosuros - 3
0o los Angolas (with enolosuro)
Butte (with enolosure)
676
RECONNE
.. 107
263

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 80, "chars": 628, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3 FOORATIA FORO
the Addi
tant ch
is of stai
Intr
111 corg
iifornia
D180s
CONTROLLING OFFICE .*
Air Detonse donnand, Witoher Fold.
Fice No.
208-1
PERIOD COVERED..*
1941
Inoident
Dirz
10 August 1947
STATUS OF CASE.....O
REASON FOR INVESTICATION:
inrestigation
initiated, at roquest of AST Dolonso Connand
rottronõo Ltr 19 ADOj sto
torantigation of Flyine, Diso.
STROPSİS I
my 1917, approximatoly 1000 hours, tro inoidedto cogurred in the violnity
Night cost Base.
furthel
taterigaton or those inasdonte sibelne coneldered by tide headquarter i
barus
COPIES
1
1
6th
"BIj
Mie
Mir
40 39 8, 7t
1
ANG 21 1947
11o
ROUTED TO
47
83894107

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 107, "chars": 650, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ALLELAYI
*STATE
LÖN CALIFORNIA D
COURTY
OF KERN)
The following lo a
statement iven oratiy by
muros Army ALr
to
captato hart D. back, Intellicatico Officer, on f1 August
i stated that thi
od joot he sam, ho bolieved at the
tine to be paper and of no atenifigance
or the objoots not important
enourh
to be teported..
Chare was hothing olearly enough sear by the
Colonol to nake ary further reports
justifiable.
then oral statement was giron freely and voluntarily without any
taroate or
"romises under durose."
atatement consists
of one (1)
and
"Is the truth to the best of
iny knowledge and boller.
terry de black
CAPT MARRY DA OLACK, HEC
CONDIDENNAL

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 152, "chars": 913, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ADELATI
STATS OF CALIFORNIA) ,
COUNTY OF KERN)
the following I Batonent kiron ty
"Maroo Arny air ireld,
uro Caltornia, statoment elven on 11 July 1847)
F431
approximatoly, boon da.
16 July 1947, my attontion was called to an
i obseryed betroon firo (5) and
bight re milos to the North what appeares to bo a thin notartlo objoct.
it apposted to bo met itto because the mothod in unsoh it was flying caused
I'he objoct
It climbed to
a fairly high altitude and torod oit slowly into the distanco.
The object
" the sile or a purout airplane but did not have the shore of
e
the tine that the objeot was in view was approximatoly
this sand objoot man doon by my wico at the sume timo.
statemont has boon eived froely and voluntarily athout any thrents
or promitos under duress. Thin atstoront conalita of one (L) pugo, and is
the
truth to the bestiot my momlodgo and bolter.
I have
initialed all
WITNESSE
THOLAS
MILLAN

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 837, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COs
STATE OF CALIFORNIA?
COUNTY OL' KERA)
The following ia d statement Given by
1144thr AAFBU, Kutoo Army AlT Fidla, taurdo, Californla, statomant giver
14 July 1947,
to
into to ay do astton platomade or what I sam on July 8, 1947.
* an teo in charge of the
i this Isold, and
and (a) Tung are to sater a poor bored got on 140
flying in a
northwestorn
direótion at spood approxinatoly 350 or 400 miles por hour
and at an
altitude orrebout 7600 or
ooo reot. i dould not hear a motor
toar liko one of our planes and
It obild bot haro boon a balloon.
ab of good howith and dound
And and thio dad to hallucination.
Inse coatonent has been eton
frodly and voluntarily Without any
throats or promises under durosar
* This statement consists
one
pagor and is
into 2nd A Bored those do gooded and bolter t haro
WITNESSI
thoma d
aime
mil
CON
THAT

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 1847, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ALERATED
Tho Folioming 1o
statoment given by
Turod Army Air Frold, Blurob.
i California, statoment
eivon on 11 July 18471 to Mi Thomas A Motillan, CIC 8/A this.
station.
So too hAng Did Pon eng the co observanco of wilt ins
or a "riying saucer" in true and corruot and
the above mentioned obsolvance was pade by me por-
sonally while enjoying obnolete health In mind and body.
Non tuesday a july 1941 at approximatoly nino-thirty Aolo (00,30)
cobversation with derdonnel in the Poat Exchango olfice.
hy. part
"Someone
mild hire to chor no one of those Digo boforo I Will
believe
Nti"
unon Leaving tho post Exchango! I wont dirootly to my offico and so-
core entordág hoard one of our local aircraft in the traffio, pattern.
tooding upr as i alwaysedo I obserted the airorart.
and looked sligitly
to the left heroupon I obsertod too (2) oliver objects of eithur s
sherioil or dlac-like shapoi moving about three hundred (300) miles an
hour, or perhaps less,
" It approximatoly fight thousand (8000) Leot,
hoadint:
it about three hundred thenty degroes
($200) due north.
mont first obsorvod those objeats I caLlo!
who Iredistoly cane
whord I was stabding.
'pointed in the direotion of the objects and
alked then the question "reli me what you too up thero." Whoroupon, all
the throo (3) with sundry dorments stated, "They are flying DIso".
to
i hid timo to look away boveral tines and renow ny vision of the nbjoots
make
sure that there wore not uny rosüits of oyo strain, or in eny unture
The objeots in question wore not tapeat; wore not air-
orirty the objobta couid not hare boou woathor balloons reloased from this
boation, O noo thoy moro travolin, againet the proveiling wind, hird sinoo
they spood It witch they tore travoling and the horizontal direction in which
tray wore travoling, disqualiflud the saot that thoy wore weather balloons.

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 261, "chars": 1543, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•tho obsorvahoo of these phonomenon afd hopini, that I nieht havo
sok observance or these oblood, but by the not fy died une it one.
of the dloponairy;
who to a regiatered nutso, and about
sevon (7) other personnel voro with no the objoots, had by that time, dis-
appoared,
Invostiretion,
too (2) out the die leed another on furt or
attontion ot
and pointedit out to the othor personnel standine near
by All it us saw the
personnel: All of uj
Looked away tom the objeet sororal
ith the exdoption of two (2) out of soron (7)
sure
thoro as no ero strain or tron porittine the object to bucone an optica.
Illusion.
Tron hy actual observadoo the obleet orelid in too tieht a strole and
:0o sorero a plane to be any aircraft that lomon of. It could not haro beon
any type of bird boonuse of the rottootion that was óreated when the objeot
repohed cortin altitudest the obfoot could not haro been a local woather
balloon forust da tory Impossibio that a weather battoon would stay at the
sane altitude as long and olrolo
"a such i conslatont nature as did
the
abors mentioned objeot!
I am ranitiat with the rosults or too conatant rision of the sun or
any bright o
objeot and an award that optioal illusions aro possible and
prit of tune hateffent that the abor mentionod observanc
hit atatomont had been elverstulty and voluntarily without any throats
or
promidos under duresa, This statement consists of tro (2) pages, and
Lo' the truth to the bast of my knowlodge and ballet. I hate initialod all
correotions deerod neoessary,
WITNOSSI
thomar af

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 157, "chars": 961, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CELANII
STATE OF CALIFORNIA:)
COUNTY DF KERI)
To followice is a statonont fiven by
нитос Army
California, stetonent. Eiver to
ur. Thomas As Mollilan; CIC Agent,
Mr da go mi station, on 13 August 191%.
On 7 tely 1947
1st approximatoly 10110, whilo runnier up the
XP-84 on the cround I noticed overyone was looking up into tre air.
Off to
the north about 10,000 to 13,000 foot altitude, vas an object
that I dosumed at trot to be a mouther balloon, but after looking at
thout losine altitude 99111al1ns in a fervura wirline
It was traveling about 200 to ico
MI, and headine tron wat to oast.
Trie objebt was yellowish white In
icolor and
I would estimule that
it was i ephere about 5 to 10 foot in diameter,
Taid not have une to chato tel
This statement maleiven freely and voluntaril! without on? threats
or promises under duressi Inis statement consists or onu (1) pure,
the truth to the best of my knowledge and bellef.
thonas d. mo millan
CECKAS NO NO MILLAN

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1934, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C
ALLANNE
PETARS OR DALITORNLA D
M the collowing da statement
giron by
Yuroc Army
Air rield, turod,
Caltrorpsay statemert giver
and Thomas Al Mostllan,
to
GIC Agent n
the station, on 12 August 1947.
8 vuly 1947
while the underaigned was sitting In
purpose or ooserving a p-oz ojootion seat experiment, the following
tinfant Karity was obsorred.
undersignod was cazine uprard tonard a toimation of two (2)
p-spilland an -26 alrorart riving at 20,000 footi preparing to carry
Beat ojootion 9x2 ramant men I absorted: a rounded object,
wifto
Buntum in color which at est robombled & harachute canopys
nonetst improssion vas that a prenature ojootion of the seat and
dunny Had oodurredi
amasi jooted at a detorminod heicht Lower
they 201000 Teety and was falling it three (3) times the rate observed
for the parachute which was ojootos thirty minutes later WAs it foll
it or tod suchtly north of due woot agalnst the provatling wind, to-
mary punt 11 son.
The speed, hor contal motion could not be determined;
appeared glowet thar the maximum
in velocity 50:80 aircratt.
obs rvation otuite laterol silhouetto,
it prosodfod a distinct ovulat
out lungarith two (2) projootions on the upper corredo which might have
orossed ouch other of intervals, sugtest.
Ingloithor rotation or orchilation or bion typere
smoke conus, propollar arks, shethe notto, or other clasuablo (?)
da bie nenns of propulsion wore noted, Thel bolor was stivery, ro-
gorpilar niuninum painted labrac,
ind did not abpear as dense as a
par
"ohuto canoby.
hon
the objoot dropped
to
lovol subh
• that
'doned into lino of
loftho mountain
i tops,
it rad
lost tolthe
Histor of the observer.
ostinațed
that tho
öbjoot was 1n
18¢
11p6
the
of vicion about 50.
fivo (6) nooplo
sittincil the preervation truck, tour
this obfootiend made
iti these people inplude:
• Civilien;
"loid Dayton, Onto
:y. "(Othor demos
not
think le woa a mananade objoot, as or donood distaintly by
INL

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 62, "chars": 376, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8.
ache bath rollorod burtile objoct appeared as touch it mit
have been
dropped froh a crect ticishti
quote this was not a halloinetics or anor fundes a sunue.
This statoment wad ivon freely und voluntarily wittout try Wirents
or promises under wuress.
'this staterent cdnuläta ol two (2) norest cru
is the truth to the cost ori
VITNESS:
thomas ei
no millen
THOLAS Ai
BILLATE

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2199, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ALLEDAYLE
tro tortorn, de a statonent civen
on 14.
july 1047, by
luroc Arry Air Flola, luroo; Callfornia..
tan cully award of my divil
¡ard constitutional Rights, 'and under-
stand prlor to makino this stuterent.
And orday morotos d uly 1947. at approximately 10000, milde typing
Sone cařds,
arid taking car, of tay routine no"k,
called no,
•long with
to the front of B.0.0d "" 31de.
Pointibe, un in a direstion itreotly
aboro to he asked us to explala what we saw.
Thats were two, silver
colored disc like objoots rlying
"toward lojare, Calliorala, one directi
back of the other,
at a soodd bi about 300 to 400 miles por hour, harir,
an altitudo of approximately 8000 feet, : I listened carefully for a few
minutes, and heard no drono, uch as should be heard from any airoreft.
I also onat my eves to anothor dtrection and looking back to the same
spot,
I Was
able to distinguish the sane objects agoin.
Havin; assured
myself.
that there was ho bye-strath, I wes convinced these objects were
not woather balloons due to the horizontal postion is which they were
ryince Nor could they have bogn birds of any nature, dua to the do-
Maite roflestion tron the dun rays.
.t..
I nato been on thisibase, considering an absence of six months,
approximatoly sighteen moptha, and amifariliar with all typo atroraft.
About three or fbur minutes, after those flying objocta led nearly
danoured! I'lanced around anu birhted ahother slylor, objoot,
dinilar to to abovo montluned objets the flying bojet s
sliver
colored and was in the
shand of a diso. unliko the first tro tils objoot
wao flyine in a
tight
oirolo, heither loding nor colnin, altitudo, at
approxipately oleht
tiousand feet, ¡thérefore I was convinded It could
prod lava boon a weathor settoon,
"and bucause of the tight alrole it could
ant have boon epy.
type alrorarts
This statement
promises
was eiron regy ana voluntary without tirents
funder dureds.
mil ratatement donsieto of one
(1) page, and
la tha trüth to
all correctiona
the belt of my knowledge and belter
I havo inftlalod
denhod nocossary,
bound mind and pods and amaur that, thid statonent to true
and correct.
• *.
WITNESSES I
s/s thomantal mid
m11162
THOMAS As SIC
ititaN
MENTIONI

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1604, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AELLLAYII
STADE ORCALIPORALA
COUNTY OF KERN
it r
The followings
a statement eitor by
4144th AMBUL Muroo Arny Alt Mold, muroo, california; statoment Eivor
on 14
july 1947,
to
On thojeight of
July 1947 at ton o'olook (10100) in the corning
I observed personally tro (?) Clyine diso,
ryine in a north vost ruction
an estimated altitude of.
coven or oicht thousand luet, travolin. st
approximatoly thros or four hundred miles
pot hour.
Just
"ton minutes boforo this I was it the billnting Offico and
I sat two (2) objoots with tir own
and I am bow and was ther i perfect physica condition, Ineve
20-20 tision and I am pooltive theso two (2) objocts
enuld not hevo beer
Aircraft, woather balloons or birdad.
Who to the altitude in whioh they
moto flying, they gave off a dorinite recleotion fron the rays of the sun.
In addition, to
thodo two (2) diso i saw another obgoot a low
mautoo later at the
sane altitude doing cortain moreuvers such as plying
in " tight ofroles The two aloo had alroady disappeared..
This obloct to
my knowledge of afroraft coulu not have been an alrplane beause of tho
very tight maneuver It was undergoing. I have been flying in ond leve
boon atound all types of alrorart since 1943 and jovor 1u my life have
seen anything such as this Ir nodessory I dan and will swear to this
This statoment hau boon Elvon freely and voluntarily without any
threatblor promises under durass: This statement consists
of
one (1)
pages
and is the truth to the boot of my knowlodre and bellor. I lavo
Initialed eil corrootions ddened hocessary:
WITNESS I
s/s thomas
at tid millar
THOMAS
MILLAN
cdi
L

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 311, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TOURTE
ATE FORCE
oction of
it
20 August 1047
25,s/10.1
SURUBOTO TITAR DANO.
to
Spe
fal
Agent
Föd$
Fel orrioo bui falhei.
Justice,
San Framolaco, Calis.
di
thie offico from ir.
more o heter and toleraph
polpatton viti bo mado os indo roported inoi-
Loi coLodo
friger
BTRIOUTIONI
AUG 21 1947
AN FRANCISCE
T600
Si

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 387, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COPY
: August 8, 1047
Miliary totallioned Dittoson, Disini
Kochord Mold,
Kanbington
centlomoni
old, Dal°10072
Colonie hand an aunt of pha diet us tomati
ni pubiiahad in the spotocuaa horion vador dato
The reowues has not boon shrad to any sendpapor or other publio.
Yourt oruly,
da do sadden
birteton plant migro
The Pao, Tolé & Tato.
coé
h Of
stick
AUG 21 1947
SAN FRANCISE:
ansteiviti

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 93, "chars": 526, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
tion tri
i sonia 26
i drives by ster
lone the road leadlue from
eat the birds
taboondo
od dobrason.
it' hich f
though
Dir
tina Kari reported dooing
trom the poutinoss, (Karl
at Jo and the bringing of
sadi almilkatrouely, nas tho
los elate
and approziondoly 3000 ft.
tops do tha alre
Desoondo
BRoi
or a buadrad foot
for a
te at ahit
of an aaront, sto
"all 80"
add and disappaaro
• Into
to day it did not
pAdu
billty but tuostad into thin alr" no li
balache
arn to aridanoo of
1б абото waro в.
"asso'
and the
oni Plant
tolö
Coo

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1659, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
federal bureau of truestigati
#nited Btates Drpartment of fustirr
407 U. S. Court House
Seattle 4, Mashington
August 18, 1947
670
DIRECTOR, FBI
RE:
FIXTUE DISCS SIGHTED BY
HASHINGTON
SLi - X
ENCL
Dear Sir:
The following, in general, are the facts regarding the
Mlying disc story that started by
rhich
subsequently resulted in news stortes by the pracona Times,
down or sabotaged over Kelso, Hashington on August 1, 1941 because It was carry-
Ing sone Ilying dise Iragments.
The original story, as related by
was to the effect that
• while patrolling in his boat near Kaury
Island, Washington, sighted six flying discs, one of which fluttared to the
earth and disintegrated, showering his boat with fraguents shich caused one
damage to the boat and killed his dog.
inrote a letter tol..
Df|8111-Davis Company which publishes fantastic adventure magazines in
Chicaes, sending him fragments of the flying disk and relating the above story.
by
requested Trans-Radio News in Clicago to verify the story as related
then engaged
telegraphed
Boise,
Idaho,
•confirming
= story.
who was the first to report
sighting the flying disc and whom
had previously made a contract for
a story regarding the flying disc, to come to Tacoma and check the story d5-7
related by
64
came to Tacoma, ilashington July 30, 1947 and
arranged for a meeting the lollowing day, July 31,
with
ain his room
502, Winthrop Hotel, Taconar washington.
called to attend
the meeting
United Airlines Pilot rho
had also reported seeing flying disc fragments, and Aruy Intelligence to attend
p1347
EX-64
RECORDED.
62
- 83 4%
156:
INTEXED
34
Str w0.15474
530CT 1
24.
COPIES DESTROYED
14
270
NOV 18 196*

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 495, "chars": 3215, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
this meeting.
Captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BROWN of Lay 4-2 Intelligence fron
Hamilton Field, California, all met in
room at various times during
the afternoon and evening of July 31, 1947 and discussed the flying disc
story as related by i
The Army Intelligence Officers, Captain
DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BROWN,
left about 2:00 i. i. the morning of August I,
1947 to return to Hamilton Field, California for Air Force Day in a B-25 and
were carrying some of the reported disc fragnents. The left engine on the
B-25 burned an exhaust stack which in turn caught the left wing afire, the
wing subsequently breaking off and tearing off the tail.
The B-25 crashed,
killing Captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BRON. However, the Crew Chief and
a hitch-hiker parachuted to safety.
Intelligence Officers at icChord Field,
Washington advised there was no indication of any sabotage.
The plane crashed
at Kelso, Washington approximately 2:50 A. M. August 1, 1947.
Five anonymous calls were received by a
and the
Izerma, between 11:30 h.
• Jiy 31, 1947
and 5:30 P.
Aurust. 2, 1947.
Ihe first call has to a
approxinately 11:30 i. K., July 31, in which the caller statec that there was
a meeting taking place at that time in room 502 of the winthrop Hotel concerning
the disc fragments found on Maury Island.
The second call was received between
11:00 A. I. and 12:00 noon, August 1, 1947 by the
• in
which the caller advised that at that moment a big meeting was taking place
room number 502, Ninthrop lotel; that the B-25 which crashed was
carrying diso fragments and that IcChord Field officials had stated it was
shot down or sabotaged. The third call was receiver Friday, August 1, 1947
at 5:30 F. lo by the
Tacoma, in which the caller stated
that the B-25 which crashed at «elso,
Washington was carrying flying disc
fragments and that the dead officers were Captain DAVIDSCN and Lieutenant
BRO.N, 1-2 Intelligence Officers at Hamilton Field, California.
This call
was prior to the release of the dead officers' names by Army authorities and
the caller indicated thit when the names were released, it would verify the
information he was furnishing was correct.
The fourth phone call was received
at anproximately 6:45 P. "., Friday, August I by the
in
which call the caller stated the 3-25 was definitey shöt down and that if he
contacted imy Intelligence officers, they would not deny it.
The firch phone
call ma received by the
Taco la, at 5:30 F. ". Ingust 2,
1947 at which time the caller stated the i-25 was shot down from the air with
a 20 mom. cannon; thit the Marine plane found recently on it. Rainier had also
been shot down and that•
would be taken to iright Field Tuesday
morning.
* When the Amy authorities released the names of the dead Intelligence
-officers which verified the information as given by the anonymous caller, ti
Tacoma Times printed this story on August 2, 1947 and carried several articles
thercafter inferring thet the B-25 had been
shot down or sabotaged be: use of
the fact that it was
carrying dise fragmentio
have admitted
that the material which they sent to
had no connection with any
flying dises aid have given a signed statement to that
t effect which art beirg
- 2-

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 498, "chars": 2974, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
forwarded herein.
•deny, however, that they actually started
the flying dise story and their actual part in the story. United Airlines pilot,
states that !.
don July 31, 1947, both related their
original flying disc fragment story. Information gathered would indicate that
the anonymous phone calls were possibly made by i
in order to build
up the flying disc story to the point where they could make a profitable sale
of the story to 1
which would definitely prove that
ve tica 0, Ill noade these calls.
No facts have been develoned
however, fron all
facts and information gathered, it appears he 1s probably the most 11kely to
have made the anonymous calls.
The detailed interviews of the persons contac-
ted in regard to this flying disc story are being set out below.
The following investigation was conducted by Special Agent
at Tacoma, Rashington on August 6, 7, 1947:
Tacoma,
washington,
advised that in the early part of June, 1947 he was requested by the Seattle
Dost Intallizencer to check on a story which he was informed had been obtained
from the
at Harper, Washineton. The story ras supposed to have
originated with
stated that the story was to the effect
that/
awhile patrolling in his boat near Maury Island, sar five or six
flying dises, one of which Iluttered toward the ground and finally disintegrated.
Fragments of the diso mere reported to have showered down on the boat of t
causing some damage and killing his dog.
¿stated that he went
to the home d
•Tacoma, Washington to chock with
him on this flying disc story.
He stated that as best he could recall, this
was just a few days after the first flying disc stories had appeared in the paper
and was on a Sunday evening. He belleved it was the early part of June. He
stated that/
took him in the kitchen and proceeded to talk about this flying
dise story In lor muffled tones. He stated that !
acted rather suspicious
and that shortly his wife came into the kitchen and was in a considerable rage,
telling
to admit that the entire story was a plain fantasy mich te had
dreamed up.
He stated that after his wife told!
was false, that
then admitted that there was nothing whatever to the story
and it was an entire hoax, "
stated that in view of the enraged condition *
› wife, he imnediately left and reported to the Seattle Post Intelligencer
that
the entire atory was a hoax and that they should not print it in any way,
He further stated that he advised the Seattle Post Intelligencer that!
a mental case and that nothing which he had reported should be carried as far
as a news story.
stated that since that time he had received repeated
requests from the Boise Statesman requesting information as to the ilying dise
" stories reportedly originatine with ‹
• stated
that he had never, in his experience, had such pressure brought upon him to
release a news story and that he repeatedly advised the Boise Statesnan that
story of seeing the flying discs by
was a complete fabri-
3 -

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 2985, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
cation amater be in no mese parsed as a nome er ay ed resused to luman
any information regarding these reports.
He further stated that he advised
the Boise Statesnan shortly before, or at the time
Weit Boise
to come to Tacoma to check on the flying disc stories with
that
should not come as the entire story was a hoax.
The following information was obtained from
bacona, lashington,
It was the Tacoma Times paper which first issued a story
on August 2 and subsequent stories intimating that the B-25 which crashed at
Lelso, Mashington on the early morning Of August 1, had been sabotaged or shot
down because of the fact that it carried flying disc fragments.
astated
that on Thursday, July 31, at approxinately 11:30 A. I. he received an anonymous
phone call in which the caller stated that.
Mand Army Intelligence
officers were meeting in room 502 of the
"inthrop fotel to check on the fiying
disc story from which fragments were obtained on Maury Island.‹
*stated he
turned around to speak to his editor and when he picked up the phone again the
line was dead. He stated that the caller asked for !
called!
who was out at the time of the call, He stated that
Sat room 502 in the Winthrop Hotel and mas advised by
that he could furnish no information as he was there on a Government
mission.
he received another phone call for
heated tet on Friday, August 1, between 11:00 4. M. and nook l
in which the anonymous caller
stated 'that he might have some information for him. (
basked the caller 1f
ho was not the same party that had called the previous date and he said yes.
The caller then related that at that moment there was a big meeting in progress
in 1
proom, 502, in the Winthrop Hotel, that the B-25 which crashed that
morning in Kelso was carrying flying diac fragments from California and that
McChord Fleld officials had stated the plane was sabotaged or shot down.. The
caller then hung up after making some statement to the eflect that he was a
snitchboard operator.
astated that he went to the Ninthrop Hotel on Friday
about noon and found that there was no male operator on duty.
He stated he then
ment to room 502 and
answered the door and that Captain !
United Airlines pilot, was on the phone.
• stated that he heard l
make
•a statement to the effect that the information muat be very strictly confidential,
He stated that there were one or two others in the room besides
but that he could not identify them. He stated that
stold hin he could
malle no statement and that he had attenpted to check the story with various people
on Maury Island with negative results.
He stated that about 3:30 P. Io, Friday,
he wrote a story regarding the mysterious informant and called
bat his
hotel room, stating that he had written this story and that
had better
check it.
He stated that he talked to
•the United Press Wireman,
Tacoma, who advised that the story sounded fantastic.
astated that about
5:30 P. lio, Friday, August 1, an anonymous caller called
the

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 545, "chars": 3099, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
• stating that Captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BEON
were the Intelligence officers that were killed in the crash of the B-25 and
that civilians and the sheriff had been kept away from the wreckage with the
Anny guarding it. He stated the anonymous caller then said that the names
led not been released yet by the irmy and that this would verify his statements.
stated that the following morning, Saturday, angust 2, the irmy
verified that the officers killed were Captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BROA
and two days later verified that they were Army Intelligence officers.
stated that the anonymous caller again later contacted
him by that name, and at this time stated he did not call the
yelling
bor the
and denied calling
In this call the anonymous caller stated that, "Don't think I'm doing this for
you." He then asked if the story had been put on the wire and when d
said yes, the caller stated, "He want this to get back to Nevi Jersey." The
caller further stated that the B-25 was shot down by a 20 mom. cannon and that
the marine plane which was recently found wrecked on the side of It. Rainier,
laving been miscing for several months, hei also been shot down.
The caller
that he should get in touch with a flyer numed
".ited Airlines who, he stated, was with
when they were snot at
over Montana.
stated, "I'Il see you Tuesday. I'm goine to
San Francisco."
stated that he had checked with
United Airlines who denied knowing any pilot by the nane of
ever having flown over Montana.
stated that
anonymous call in which the caller stated that
would be sent to "right
be seat to mEant 676
on Tuesday and that Saturday one of the men who found fragments of the
I. -ing disc was to be flown to Alaska.
stated thut in view of the fact
that the information as to the Intelligence officers on the B-25 had been as
Furnished by the anonymous caller, had subsequently beer verified by the Arry,
tue story was released that the 3-25 was carrying disc frogments returning to
Hamilton Field, California and furnishing the inference that the plane had been
sabotaged or shot down.
Stated that about 8:00 P. !. Or sunder, lugust 3,
at his home,
Seattle at which time
•stated he had not given any story out to tha Post
Intelligencer at Seattle; stated that he had gotten a telegran to call a number
in Boise and when he called und found out it was the Boise Statesman,
ho had
-hung up.
he stated that the Boise Statesman then contacted him, at which time
he admitted he had seen the disc fragments, but that he did not take any of
them.
This time
• that he had been with d
Public Relations Officer from icChord Field, all afternoon until about
3:15 P.
thing that he and
time that
This time
ari
thre
informed
• that he had told the Army authorities every-
knew about the flying diso fragments story from the
Ieit Boise, Idaho and he had left seattle,
washington
admitted that there were some of the supposed disc Ir. rents
room at the linthrop Hotel and that
• had been in
room
Thursday afternoon.
On Monday
stated that he called
who advised that if this were not used in the paper, he ande,

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 493, "chars": 2892, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
would see him after lunch.
astated that about noon
band
contacted him at which time
stated that he and his son had been
exploring a gravel pit on Maury Island and found soine strange rock fornations.
sawstate to tickent sever to angland at which time additional
later
saw them and they went back over to maury
samples were obtained and that/
›sent these to a friend oi nis at the
University of
Chicago to have analyzed. They stated that they received a
se and that arently his friend had asked a nessem to sid o be
where the rock forations were obtained.
sometime after the first flying diso story had appeared, they received a tele-
gram from Trans-Ocean Press from Chicago wanting infonation on the flying
disc fragments.
stated that they had at no time indicated the
rock formations were a part of a flying disc and that Captain!
were not interested in the rock formations and they denied
civing them to
Tücone, * chingtor
furnished substantially the sane infornation that vas obtained from
the
• regarding the anonymous phone calls wich he had
received. He stated further that the first call he received was on Friday,
August 1, at around 5:30 P. I. At this time the caller stated that the B-25
which crashed at Kelso, Washington was carrying disc fragments and that the
two officers killed were Captain DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BRON, officers with
Army A-? Intelligence at Hamilton Field and that the fragnents were top secret
material. He stated the caller indicated that when the Army released the names
of the dead officers it would verify that the information he was furnishing was
correct.
¿stated that the second call he received at approximately
fits taly hell act hat he contacte cary Inet the the the man bl
definitely shot down and that if he contacted Army Intelligence A-2, the man
in charge would not deny it.
astated he thought the man said to con-
tact Colonell
but it was found out it was Colonel/
• who was in charge
of Army Intelligence A-2.
The caller further stated that the Sherift's Office
had been kept away from the crash and that no civilians had been allowed near
the plane.
• stated the third call he received at 5:30 P. I., sigust 2,
and that this in and galler stated that one of the man ino had beer nferring
'with Captain !
was tiken to ilaska that Jay.
further stated that the B-25 was shot down from the air with a 20 moli. cannon;
that the Harine plane found recently on It. Rainier had also been shot down;
that Captain
would he taken to with Field Tuesday mornins and that a
United Airlines pilot by the name of
flew with Captain
tien they
were shot at over fontanu. The caller stated he was leaving for San Francisco
in would be bacis Tuarday.
toch stated that thoy had made
in little effort to question the anonymous caller to ostain his identity as
671
they felt it was useless and that if they started questioning him he would
- 6-

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 523, "chars": 3085, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
august 19,
1947
refuse to furnish any further information.
On August 5, 1947 Specian Agent
was
contacted in the resident agency office, Jacoma, Washington by
At this time.
basked if the Seattle Office was investigation the crash
of the B-25 and he was informed that no Investigation was being conducted by
the Seattle Office.
Bat this time related in a rambling story that he l'l
had picked up sone strange rock formations which he had forwarded to a IriendO
of his in the University of Chicago to have analyzed and that later, in some
manner unknown to him, these rock formations had been reported as being Irag-
ments of a flying disc.
On August 7, 1947
were inter-
viewed at the Tacoma resident agency offica.
Both
bat first
denied any knowledge of how the rock formations which they had picked up to
have alalyzed became connected with the flying disc stories. Both denied
maling any statement to anyone that these rock fomations were portions of a
disc fragment.
It ras apparent from the start of the interview that and
awere not telling their complete and true connection with the flying
disc story.
They refused to give any definite infornation as to what they said
or had done wiich caused then to become involved in a flying dise story, but
gave evasive ansvers and repeatedly stated that they had nothing to do with it
and were at a loss to understand how they became connected with the flying disc
After considerable questioning, they stated that in the early part of
June they sent to
nof the Zilf-Davis Publishing Company which published
the Fantasy magazine in Chicago and the Venture magazine Lä Evanston, IlLino15,
some rock formations which they had found on laury Island.
They stated they
sent these formations, asking.
into have then analyzed. Thes stated that /
later ‹
wrote and asked for more sampies, advising he had failed to enalyze
tre samples.
astated they have never sent any additional samples
and that the next they heard regarding the rock formations which they had sent
as when he called (
hand asked if the rock formations could "
have come from a flying disc.
stated he made some remark that they possibly
could have come from a flying disc and that he immediately sat dom and mrote
a letter tor
• which was in the latter part of June in which he stated
the material could have been portions of a flying disc.
claimed that he
• thought he told
gover the phone something about being in his boat when
he obtained these rock fornations, but stated he could nut recall what he had
#ritten to €
and claimed that he passed the whole thing off as a Joke.
were questioned at length in an attempt to obtain specific
Infomation as to exactly what each one had done with regard to the rock forma-
tions.
However, each stated that the only thing they had done was tell
the formations could have come from a flying dise in view of the fact it appeared
"that's what he wanted then to eay". No definite information could be obtained
Iron either (
as to mhat each specifically had done to start the
Lying dise story.
The signed statement which was obtained from
- Gh

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 474, "chars": 2893, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
and in which they adnitted the rock formations had no connection with
any flying discs is being forwarded to the Bureau herewith. The statenent
contains no information of vilue and therefore is not being set forth herein.
Regarding the meeting which was held in the linthrop Hotel
on Thursday, July 31,
stated thet they both ret
there about 1:00 P.
They stated that they all left
room about
3:00 P. Me and that
ato Berry's Airport at Tacona and
flew his plane to Seattle where he oicked up Captair
stated that he picked up
Sat berry's tirport about 5:00
P. H, and that
→a came to
room about 7:00 P.M.
stated that he and
left about 8:30 P. 2. when he drove
ito Seattle
to get his car and that
went home at this time.
•stated they
returned about 11:30 P. I. at which time the Arny Intelligence officers were
• room and that
left about midnight. He stated thet he
returned tod
from 2:30 to 3:00 P. Me, at which time ‹
•room frida, afternoon for approximatels one tall hour 1 70
were stall there and
neither secmed to be arle to recall if
room on friday,
August 1.
The best that could be obtained fron
2s to whet
took place in
room was to the effect that most of the talk was about
flying, that no one seemed very interested in the rock fornations and that
they had no connection as far as they knew with any flying disc.
stated that
•vanted to obtain pictures of the place where the
rock forations were obtained and that thie Army Intelligence officers did nui
appear, to be interested in any manner rhatever.
doperates thic
Hillwater Avenue,
Tacoma,
hashington and
has recently been
working with him buying timber.
They have also been associated with the Harbor
: atrol Association at Iscoma, Washington which furnishes patrol and police
tection to parts of the harbor area which are not patrolled by Iscona police
or sheriff's officers.
washington,
Army serial number
During the war he was a pilot and it is believed
presently holds a Reserve Officer's connission as a Captain.
Regarding the B-25 which crashed, killing Captain DAVIDSON
and Lieutenant BRUIN of the 4th Aire Forces, Captain d
Officer, Io unord field, advised that this investigation of the crash reflected
an ezhaust stack had burned out on the left engine which in turn caught the
Lest wine afire and that when the left wing broke off, it also broke off the DyE
tail. The plane at the time of the crash was carrying Captain DAVIDSUN,
vieutenant BRON, the hitch-hiker and a man as Crew Chief to take care of tha
cirplane. The Crew Chief and the hitch-hiker parachuted to safety, but, Captain
DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BRO.N were killed. He stated that their investigation
reflected no indication of any sabotage whatever.
Washington revealed that
i check of the records of the intitop Hotel at Tucoma,
giving his address as
Mount-
view Drive, Boise, Idaho rented room 502 from July 30 at 7:43 P. I. until
- 7-
676

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2418, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
The following information was obtained by Special Agent
in interview on
August 12, 1947 with Captain
• United Airlines pilot: It should be noted that
Shas previously received publicity for having supposedly seen
flying discs or sinilar objects on July 4, last while on a routine United Air-
lines flight out of Boise, Idaho in company with his co-pilot!
concerning this incident.
Captain
estates that they took off frors Boise, 67C
Idaho at 3:12 F. "!. and headed Northwest a 300 degrees ind while still clin' ing
it 0,000 feet, co-pilot d
called his atiention to some objects in the
sky aheäd of them about ten degrees left which neither one could identify.
estates that he called a CAA radio operator at Ontario, Cregon ind reques-
ted him to step outside his radio shack and see if he could
see any of these
objects overhead, The CAt radio operator replied in the negative.
Captain !
astates that he first met
or.
‚Triy 5 in the offices of the d
where
both were being
interviewed concerning their sichting of fling discs.
states that he
next met d
libout three weeks ago in Boise, Idaho at
which tine bie,
was on another flirht through Boise, Idaho and
had a ten mipute lay-over there.
On this occasion
•as in company of Captain WILLIN" L
DAVIDSCH and
Lieutenant FRANK !
DROM, Army Intelligence officers,
next contact with
was on Thursday,
july 31, Inst when he received a telephone call from
calling fren Taco:a
in the carly aftornoon at which time he asked
to cone over to Tacoma and
juin him as he was investigating a flying diso story for "soneone back "ast"
and sone fragments were involved which
might be intorester in seeing.
After sone discussion ‹
_freed to join
in Icona and
_old
•he would fly over ind pick him up at boeing sirgort at 4:00 P.
•at Boeing Field at about 4:00 P. M. and they flew to Berry's
Airport
Washington where they were met by d
The three of them
proceeded in
i car to the Winthrop Hotel where
was occupying
room 502.
ordered something to eat and during this time either
or
called ar
and invited him up to the room. Py this time
states he had learned from
that
were the parti-
cipants in the latest flying disc story and
-states that ho had no previous
acumintance with either of these men before meeting then in Tacona or this dato.
hile in the Hotel Roon d
* shoved
* letter which he had ruceivod froa
of the Venture Press of Chicago requesting that
investigate
-8-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 579, "chars": 3329, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
august 19, 1917
the
astory in Tacona.
infonced
at thee tine that
after receiving this letter he had called
by telephone in Chicago
as a result of which call!
•had forwarded him 5200.00 exponse noney
for covering the story.
Shortly thereafter, at about 7:30 F.:.
arrived at the Hotel room and the discussion began arong the four men present
as to what
had seen on laury Island.
• professed reluc-
tance to tell the story,
claining that several unfortunate incidents had
occurred
subsequent to his seeing the flying disos and he believed the entire
incident had brought him bad luck. In this connection he stated that four or
five days subsequent to his sighting the flying dises, a man called at his
home and had a conversation with him the course of whichd
•was warned to
forget all about everything he had seen on or near Maury Island. In addition
to that,
stated that his sixteen year old son had run away from home
following the incident and had been picked up by the police somewhare in
Montana.
After some further discussion
finally agreed to tell his story
of the flying disc incident in front of
after eliciting a promise from
that he would not discuss the matter for at least two weels.
It should
be noted that.
had previously told his story to
this point
related the incident thieh las already been deserted and which
he aileged had taken place on or about June 23 or 24.
¡hile relating the
incidenta
mentioned that he had taken pictures of the flying disc which
he had seen but that the printed filns were marred with white spots.
when
had concluded his story,
elated that he had gone the following
day to Maury Island to verify whate
Thad told him concerning the fragnents
and had at this time picked up several fragments and taker them wich hin.
it
this time
related that he also saw one of the flying discs hovering
over the Island but that it had disappeared into a cloud.
"hen
had finished telling their story ‹
Sund
•told the croup that he had errlier in
that evening called Captein DAVIDSON and Lieutenant BEON, Army Intelligence
officers and that they were on their way to the Hotel room. At this point
protested that he did not wish to tell his story before anyone else and he
was advised by
that if such was the case why didn't he just leave and not
• be there when they.
arrived.
went downstairs.
departed alone.
then left the room and
¿ drove
* back to Boeing Field
near Seattle where
• desired to pick up his oun personal car, which he wid.
They then returned to the lotel where they found Captain DaVID30n and Tieutenant
BRO.N in room 502 with
i met them at the door and seened
excited, explaining to
that Captain DAVIDSON had just drawn a reproduction
pf a freak dise which had supposedly been seen by a voman in Arizona and that
this drawing was an exact reproduction of the flying disc which he,
had
seen several weeks before, nearing it. Rainier.
•states that shortly after
this
a seemed very anxious to tell his and
story to the my offi-
cers.
Before this was done, however,
had a discussion vith Lieutenant
infonning him thit they had promisedd
• not to release the story for
tr. > weeks and that if.
were allowed to tell the story at this tine, DiD.?
and DivasCE nust agree not
to
release the story for one month, Follo ing tris
agreement,
related
and his story of the flying dises over laury
=9 -

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 543, "chars": 3170, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
Island to BEC? and DAVIDSON.
Following this recitation,
Lieutenant BROTE,
in ansier to a guery fron .
- said that he and Captain DIVIDSON were of
the opinion that there might be some truth in the current flying diso stories,
but that their inmediate superiors (presumably i-2 at llamilton Field) did not
agree with them.
BROIN and DAVIDSON then held a brief discuasion as to whetner
they should return that same night to Hamilton Field and they decided thot
they would.
All five of the mon then went down to the lobby where ORN
detached himself from the group and enterad a phone booth to call for 3 ca
from :icChord Field,
•olso left the group and net BROW outside the phone
booth where they held a short discussion relative to the credibility of
• story. EfON indicated to
that he should attent to find
out if the story was on the level and that BRO would call him the following
then proceeded to the front of the Hotel
day regarding this manbrought his car to the front of the Hotel and took fre
at which time
his trunk a box of the alleged flying disc fragnents picked up on laury Islind.
He offered them to BROW and DAVIDSON and when the army car arrived fron Chord
Field the box of fragments was placed in the car rith the officers.
departed alone and
went i search of something to cod and later
roturned to the Hotel for the night.
On Friday morning, Auzust 1, 1947,
received a call
from
inforning him that a B-25 had crashed during the night and it was
believed to be the same plane which BROWN and DAVIDSON were flying.
Following
this call
and
.. came to the Hotel room and from the room
again called loChord Field in an attempt to get infornation about the crash.
took the phone froma
pand spoke to a Colonel
identifying
inself and. asking if the 3-25 which crashed was the only one which had taron
off from McChord Field the previous night.
Stold him that it was.
Follow-
ing this call
called*
Sin Chicago and informed him of the
previous night's conversations and the fact that DAVIDSON and BRON were believed
to have been killed.
•to discontinue his investigation of
the incident and that he,
was no longer interested.
then took
the phone from
band asked
situation.
if he could shed any light on the
was unable to say what
• reply to
haSa
67C
lowing these telephone discussions
•says that he called
whom
he identifies as a personol friend of his and an
states that he had previously made an agreenent with
111
Chicago that should he ever run across any flying diso stories which showed
promise of news value, that he would contact
band this call was a result
of that agreement.
Shortly afterward, Colonel
Scalled him from MoChord
Field stating that Hamilton Field had requested whate
and
submit their addresses to Hamilton Field for convenience of any in y
investigation of the incident which may be forthcoming. After this call the
four men went to
a restaurant for lunch. During the course of this meal
excused himself from the table and attempted to call SAC BOBBITI of the Port-
iand Field Office, Federal Bureau of Investigation with whom he clins acquain-
Lance.
BOBBITT, however, was unavailable and
was inable to complete the
- 10 -

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3119, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
august 19, 1947
call.
After returning to the Hotel room, a
called
attempting to gain information, but they did not give him any.
later, a us.
sof thed
spoke to him on the telephone
but
refused to give out any Infomation.
*further relates that while
the
four men were in the room at this time, an envelope was shoved under the
door and that he retrieved it from the floor.
astates that tho appearance
of this envelope seemed to startle
• considerably and that in fact,
turned white as a sheet until!
read the note unsigned which was a comnu-
nication to the Hotel advising that a strike of Hotel employees was eminent and
that quests should not expect room sad telephone service much longer. shortly
after this incidenti
left the Hotel room after promising to
take
anto laury Island the following morning, (Saturday).
and,
*then vent out for dinner and on their return,
found a note in
the box requesting him to call a certain telephone number.
He did this fron
the Hotel roon and was answered byd
* who requested
ato go out and call him from a pay station.
compared and was 17
inforned byr
that two anonvous telephone calis had been received by
hin that a discussion regarding flying dices had been taking place in room 502
at the
¡inthrop Hotel which involved Any Irtelligence officers. Fron the
infornation whicha
To had received,
was convinced that the anonymous
caller must havo been present at the discussion also, aso
•was seemingly
in possession of pertinent remarks which had been made in the room.
states that he did not give!
any further information and that in conclu-
sion of the call, he returned to the Hotel room and he and!
•retired for.
the night.
On Saturday morning, August 2, 1947
received a tele-
phone call from
gin chicago, but was undole to give him any
further iniormation.
advised him, hovever, that he would call him bad!
at 2:30 that afternoon.
bhen called from a coffee shop nearby and
and
joined
land an uninown man in the Coffee Shop for
breakfast.
The unknown person was discussing some lumber business with
and left after breakfast. On leaving the coffee shop,
= basked
• about
the negatives of the photographs which he clained to have taken of the flying
discs.
said the neratíves were in the glove compartment of his car, but
a search of the instant glove compartment was fruitless.
The four then proud /
ceeded int
Is car to the dock where they were to embark for waury Island.
The boat, however, could not be started and the trip was postponed until later
in the day.
while at the dock, however,
basked to be shorm the damage
to the boat which had allegedly occurred when the fragments showered down on
maury Island.
pointed out what may have been repairs to the windshield
and lights on the boat, but!
was not personally satisfied thit these repairs
were made as a result of any such incident.
*then drove
* and.
back to the Hotel at approximately 10:45 A.M. and
told then
he would call them Later on and that they would go to laury Island.
On roturn-
ing to the Hotel
peniled
pat the lacoma
Times as a result of which
cali he and
met
at the Coffee Shop across the street fron the

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 574, "chars": 3321, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ingust 19, 1947
winthrop Hotel.
stated thit the purpose of this meeting was to try to
find out something more, about the anonymous phone calls which
shad tola
him about. He and {
still refused to eive out any further information
regarding the Thursday evening conference to
and were inforned by
that the
"was afraid of being scooped on the story and wäs going
to print something on that day.
band
then returned to the Hotci
and shortly thereafter received a phone call from
but the call was
cut off by the switchboard operator sinco it was not an emergency calli
and
asking them to call him at either Broadway or Proctor d
ther. returned to the iloted Jobby here tiny found a telesta ror
sure of the exchange.
called this number, but
bias not there.
states that he vent then to the Western Union Telegraph Office and dispatched
a collect telegram tod
bat the d
which contained a
brief resume of the incidents which had occurred and which requested
to
wire
a telephone number where d
could be reached after 6:00 P.
states that he has never received an answer to thet wire.
Following
this,
states thet he and
athat he and i
were sitting in the
lobby of the Clumpic Ilotel when
entired and gave ther rach a rain of the
Intest edition of the Tacona Files which contrined
¿ story hinting us subot.
in the crash of the Army B-25 which killed Coptain DAVIDSON and Lieutonant BAC.i.
Istated that he and
continued to occupy seats in the lot el lobbi
most of the afternoon inasmuch as they were unable to receive calls in the Hotel
room due to the Hotel enployees' strike.
He relates that he received a call
in the late afternoon from A
*:30
advising him to call
thrt evening
at
as
hod further information regarling the anonymous calls.
aLsO
¿ telegran requesting that he call
which he did uni
foul
ile refue tu cive
any
further infornation at this tine.
However,
shortly thereaiter,
calle
from boise and advised
• that the Anny had released a story
through Prigadier
Ceneral SHPAN revealing the confidential assignment which BRO?.
and n..VIDSCN
id been engaged on.
In view of this release,
requested
to anener
one question for him which was, "ere they carrying any alleged disc
fragnents
on the plane?" and
binswered, "Yes, they were." Following tris
las per his earlier request and was infomed that
51
the
had received another anonymous phone call at which tine
Fire voice"
sil t! t the uny umy carrying Captain D. IDECI and Lieutenant ??C:
had
• been shi i dom ith 20 mon. sholls and that the herine plane found cr
ü.
rainier had also been shot down with 20 mom. shells. The voice vert on to stitr
would be called back to iright Field on Tuesday.
isked why he was riving out this infornation the cüller replied that, it vas
not for the benefit of the newspapers, but that he was interested in seing
that the information got back to lew Jersey.
The voice also inforned i
at this time that one of the two persons who had been talking to !
and
had now left for Maska.
As a result of this latter bit of informatior.
acdided tu find out if
had Left town.
he located
at the
Sunset Meatre and
nane to
tre lotel and met
und
- ey were unable to locate
for phone andl
- lett saying that.
to mould
try to find out where
was and that he would call them tomorrow (Sunday)
and that they would go out to Maury Island at that time. Aiter
+ 12-

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 2876, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
and
went to the
here i
uct
them
and took them to
Jin the
Thore they rest the
latest press releases and had a discussion with
regardine the anony ble
mous phone calls.
In the course of this discussion
i mentioned the
name of Major
• Public Relations Officer at acChord Field as
being one of the officers interested in the investigation,
Following this discussion with
at chich
states they still refused to divulge any furiner information,
returned to the hotel for the night.
ime
Bandole
On Sunday morning, August 3, 1947,
appeared at the
Hotel room and told them that he had received a letter
from
which said
in effect,
"Take care of my business.
I'll be out of town for three or four
days."
Shad a letter with him but he did not show it to
for d
The three men then drove to!
secretary's house in South Tacoma and
picked her un and the four of then
then went to breakfast on the South Tacans
*ighway.
and called tajord
hile the four of then then went to break ist
excused : inself
but eChord Field ind arrarger
abpointaert to meri
hin at the lotel lobb; at 11:00 4. 1.
They then took
"secreta.
to bie:
home where!
• picked up a typewriter and then drove
to the Hotel,
They asked hin if he has going to take them to laury Island able
day and he replied that he was not.
* sanes at it 1 he mo over ontact by a l
He further stated that ie was
sick of the
Anny or the author dies
it was going to deny ever having seen anything and claim to be
"the biggest liar
that ever lived".
Shortly after returning to the Hotel,
net ajor
in the lobby and they went in
car to a coffce shop
Couth Tacona Wacre
proceeded to tell Major
'the entire story of the inciderts which
occurred in Tacoma regardin
the
and
story since li.d'sday
afternoon.
Folloving this,
took
a jor
back to the Hotel
intro-
duced him to !
and suggested
to
that he also tell Major
tre
entire story of what had occurred.
• did so.
tajor
afier 100kinz
at the fragnents which were still in the room suggested that they drive out vi
the Snelter near Tacoma as he believed the slag at the Smelter would vear a
distinet resemblance to these fragnents.
The three men then drove tu tie
"tor
slap has noted to be definitely sirlar to the fragments itic
and
had left in the lictel room.
thes when ruwarned
to the lotel room and
•tajor
Left thon.
After packing their bags,
took
is berti's
…irport where his plane was parked and thend
airove hiniself back i o Scuttle.
About an hour after his arrival in deattle, which was
approximately 7:30 I. Mo,
• appeared at
with the newse per containine the desociated Press story which hid ordinate b7C
un Boise, dilaho in the boise Statesnan and which rus written by l
umission to him that fragments had been curricd by Lieutenant
Captain DAVIDSU" on the fatal 3-25 flight.
at this timo continica to
refuse to give any statements for the Press and told
that he wi? placed
- 13-

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1877, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1947
all of his infornation in the hands of the Army.
stated that a couple
'of days later he calledo
Jat IcChord Field and asked him if there
was, eny recent information concerning the incident.
"estates that,
informed him that a
had not yet been contacted, but that the
Federal Bureau of Investigation was "setting a trap for him", !
further
advises that on Friday, August 8, 1947, he appeared before Lawyer ‹
at the County-City Building, Seattle and made a deposition of the facts relating
to the incidents in l'acoma from Thursday afternoon, July 31, last until Sunday
morning, August 3, last.
A copy of this deposition is now in possession of the writer
and is being forwarded herewith to the Bureau. It should be noted that this
deposition is in no way as complete as the statement taken by the writer above
and any setting out of this deposition in this connunication would be superfluous.
Copies of this communication are being sent to the Butte,
Portland, San Francisco and Chicago Offices for their infornation only. Unless
advised by the Bureau to the contrary, instant investigation is considered closed
by this office.
For the information of the Bureau, Captain
Intelligence Officer, McChord Field, Ft. Lewis, washington advised at the weekly
D.N.I.-S.I.D.-F.B.I. Intelligence conference that the fublic ¡elations Officer
at Chord Field had received a telebhone call from an individual at Amy air p/
Forces Headquarters at washington, Do Co, during which call the Public relations
Officer was requested to obtain a signed statement frond
•which
could be published and thus publicly close the matter.
Captain!
further
related that he had no additional information in this matter and that he did
not handle it.
Very truly yours,
7BWd
iCK B. WILCOXO
Special igent da Charge
ENCLOSURES
DALŞPHL: EK
100-18945
CC - Butte
Port land
San Francisco
Chicago
- 14 -

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 390, "chars": 2146, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATE OF VASHINGTON
COUNTY OF KING
88
b1 and says:
being Ilrst duly sworn, on oath, deposes
This is a narrative statenent as to what took place in
Tacoma Irom Thursday, July 31 UntIl Sunday, August 3•
Thuradas I received a telephone vall from Tacoma Irom a
The gist of this conversation was that he thought
It would be a good idea for no to come to Tacomg and listen to the
676 story os tro sen whose namea were y
Thad not two times prevlous -- once on July 5
at the offico of the P.I. in Seattle for a very briel time and the
gecond time 1a Boise, Idaho liten I was passing through o one of
my trips.
In this conversation withi
statoment that it would be impossible for me to go over
bon the phone to Tacome
I made ti
due to my going out to sait Lake city the deit morning.
He Bald
that he would fiy over irom Tacona anå pick me up at boeing field
I agreed to this proposition from .
At 4o clock I met
mat the Boeing Ileld and we ilew back and landed at Barry's
Airport.
We were picked up at the airport bu
drove the two of us into the Winthrop Hotel. We meat up to Room
502-
put a telephone oall into
asked him woura he cone up to the room.
A half hour later
and
• made bis appeaaoe. At this time there were four men
in the
•asked Mr.
•to relate his story as to what took place on June 24o MI.
was very hesitant about telling the story to me.
• and
were already avare of tho statements that &
had ma
previouB. Hi..
_ made the statenent to me that if any statemer
ho would make relative to his story.
If I would koon it confident.
Ior two weeks, that he felt definitely that I would want to forge
the whole thing. I made the statement to ur..
• that as far as
was содсеглей,
I would keep any statements he made to me confiden
for at least two meeks.
Here 18 Q
ater be was in a boat owned by
Story On June 24 ta otes one Harbo
who ouns the Harbo
Patrol 1s Tacona.
They - Mr.L
• and {I..
Bon age 16, were cruising around Maury Island 100king for 10gs th
had broken away stom booms.
They were fairly close to shore of
Maury Island when they aw
¡ four or five objocts in the sky at an
aititude of approtimately 1500 feet. He said these objects vere

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2259, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page #2
there vas a hole in the center of each as he could see the aks
One of
these objects appeared to be la trouble.
Another object ceme
over and appeared to make contact. After making this contact for
approximately tro minutes, it rose to Its original position.
At this time the objoct that appeared to be in trouble
seened to throm a lot ol debris fron one al the portholes.
BIC
objeots then disappeared Iron viow.
Some of this debris that
• tho klazon.
ay boy and it.
got off the boat and hid under some logs.
while this debris was fa11105 This debris that roll
Killed our dog and a nea gull. I asted ir.
what was done wit
the dog. Be made the statement they threw the dog Into the water.
This story was told to Mi.
who the next day
went out to this Island to check on this story.
He vorified the
bIC
fact oi the damage to the boat, also to the fact that there appear
to be quite a fev pieces of either rock or metal on the shore.
-also stated that while he mas over there Investigating on
Maury Island, to also Baw a d1S5.
This disk was of the same slape
and contour as the objects explained by li.
At this point Mr.
clarified for me as to the reas
he was investigating this story.
•statod that he recoit
a letter from a MI.!
Evanston, Illinols. The BIst Of this Letter was that wt.
received a letter fron MI. ‹
mand Iít.‹
paokage of these fragments that were founi on Maury Isiani.
also made the statement in the letter that the chicago
University failed to analyze these Irarments and that would ir. I
-
please investigate the story. Mi..
• was sent a Western Inion
check for $200.00 to take care of ang expense that he mient nour
whilo making this Investigation.
Mr.
bad made a telephone call to Hamiiton field t
contact a Captain Davidson and e Ileutonant Brown, who were with
A-z Intelligenco at lamiiton Fieiå, asking them would they make a
trip to Tacome to also listen to this story of !
abando
When Me.
aoquaintod mo with the faot that he had made this
phone oall la front of li.
•made the statoment that
he would not tell this story
to anybody in Army Intelligence. I
made the
statemont to li.
"that it he reit this way,
that he
should not be in
the room mhen these two interrigende oriiCOrE
arríved.
MI.
• thought this was an excollent Idea.

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2307, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pago $3
left the hotel room to
go downstairs as lif.
wanted to get some metal that vas in
bIC the back of his car that he had picked up on laury Ieland, to
bring back to the hotel roon. MI.!
• departed.
ahould like to pick up my car in Soattle.
At this time I not 15
that I
• drove no to
Booing Tield, Seattle. After Ieaving ne at Boeing Field, he drove
back to Tacoma and I drove my own car back to Tacoma.
Aíter I had
put my oar in the garage at Tacoma, I went up to the liothrop Hotel
and in the soam at that flme was bi. i.
→, and Capti
затіавод Iron ry Intelligence, Lieutenant Brown nas downstair
cotting sandwiches and coffee.
when Lieute brown came back,
the
stories were again related and Lleut. Brown made a statement that
all the faots of theso atories would be hold in stricüeat cunfidenr
until roleased by Mr.
After Mr.
had tola all the facts, Ielating not
only his own story but that of NI.!
• де азкей 1ог де орідіод
of both officers as to what they thournt, Lieut, Brown made the
statement that he would like to obtain some of these fragments to
take back to Hamilton Field..
At this time Capt. Davidson and Lieut. Bruwn were dobat1
the thought as to whether to stay over aight in Tacoma or Leave 1o:
Hamilton Field Inmediately, as the B-25 they were Ilying was
supposed to be at Hamilton iield the dext day IOr tAB ALI snoW•
The fire of us then left the hotel roon and went down to
the hotel lobby where Mi. C
_nade a telophone call to lechord
Field asking then to sand a driver to pick up capt. Davidson and
himself. Ileut. Browa camo up to me and made tho statement that ti
and Capt. Davidson were going back to Hamilton Field and that 2e
vould get in touah with me tomorrow and 1f aftar I had seen the
was authentio,
they would
Immediately leave Hamilton Fiold ano
I was to hold this statenent by Liout. Brown in tho
atriotest of confidenoe from the other group of three
and
b70
We then went down to the street where lit.
drovo
car up in front and took out a box of fragments and gave
this box
Davidson and Brown•
While walting for the driver from IoChord fie
Ileut. Brown and I discussed Paolflo operations and things not ger
taining to this missiodo capto Dariason and Lieut, Brown departed
approximately 12:45 A.Ko Mr.
and I went back to our hotel
room after having a midnieht snack.

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2298, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page #4
Friday the Ist: At approximately 8 o'clock in the
• called up our hotel room and acqualated us
with the fact that the B-25 had crashed.
Also that he had called
MoChord Iield and from Information he received also verifled the
Teot that the two men in the ship were capt. Daviason and Lieut.
670
Brown, plus a flight engineer and a hitch-bikei.
This left both
HI.!
and myself in a very bad state of concera, Approximate
ly an hour later MI.
made their appearanoe in
the hotel roam. I still wasn't sure that this was the same B-25
that the two Intolligence officers had left in last night.
then again oalled MoChoid Field and talked to a Colonel
and the faot was verified agaln that the two pilote were
Davidson and Brown.
AltoI an hour oI 80 Mi.
band lI.
• left the
' moralne (saturdar) for breaklast and Boles out to saury Island.
That evening (Friday) there was a message Ior me to call
this partioular telephone number that was on the message. I calle
this number and was asked by the party to please call them from a
paratation.
This party was a Mr.
mon the-
"I most certainly am doing myselt out of & goc
BEOry but I tought you ought to know that somobody has bean calli
peer nà
taken place in your room since you arrived."
To veriis this, Mr.
repeated back to ne discussions that
I felt bad only been
taking place in our Ioom.
Salso nade the statomont that there was a leak
either from the switchboard operator oI our room had been tapped.
I asked Mr.
why be was tipping us off with this intormation,
He made the statoment that he didn't mind doing this Il 1a return
After this conversation mith MI.
• I went baok to out room ano
i mbat took place on the
telephone.
Saturday morning: Mr.
pand I met vi.
and
» for breakfast, le thon drove out to the boat to go
to the island.
Tho boat was unserviceable at the time so me went
b7C
baok to the boter. hi.
said that he would oall later on
In the day and let us know whon the boat would be repaired. Inat
mas the last time I sa# Mri
Approximately 11 o'olock Saturday morning Mr.
phoneu mo and made the statement it would be impossible ior him '
67C
keep this appointment with ne
We were out off by the switobboat
operator as this was classified as not an emergency oall.
The
reason we were out off was due to a strike in all the Tacome hote

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 1680, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page #5
MI
called up and said if I would call him at
8:30 that evening, de would have some additional information for
то.
I called Mr.
bat 8:30 that evening. De told me that
this anonymous caller had again called a
sot the
• and said that one of the partles that Mi.
I had come down to see was flown to Alaska.
Also he made the stal
ment Mr.!
would be called to lilight fleld Tuesday.
anonymou caller made the statement to Mr. !
*that this B-25
• asked this person calling what bia
was shot down This anonynous caller made a statement "Don't thi
interest was.
I am doing it for the newapapers.
All I am interested in le see!!
• that this Information gets back to New Jersey."
After I Iinished the conversation with Mr.
over to the United Press and talked with li«
and had him
read baok to me the conversations that he bad had with this
anonymous CalleT.
But no opinions at this time were voicad eithel
by me of Hi.
Bunday morning I called a sajor.
• of 8-2 MCChord
Iield and asked him to meet me at the Winthrop Motel at 1l o"cloc
I met this bajord
mat 1l o'olock and me drove to a small cof1
shop on the Tacona Highway where this complete story was related 1
at by de. ie then drove back to the wLathrop Hotel whore major
was introduced to kI.
• story. LI•
by me and again Iistened to
and I departed frcu the Winthrop
Hotel Sunday afternoon at approximately 4:30.
This is to certify that the foregoing statement was taki
truth; that the statement was then reduced to writing and sigaed 1
me on
the
day of August, 1947.
IN NITNESS WHEREOF I have boreunto set my hand and offi
seal the day and year last abore written.
Notary Pubilo In and for tho 5
of washington, residing at sea

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 1507, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
august 7,1947
to
mate the fclionine foluntary st tercrt
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Il tie eury
dart vi Jun 1947 vo licked ur some strunge ruck Irrations
îre: a gravel rit on kaur; Island, lashington. "e sort e bor {ciçar)
b7C of these 1
fragments to 1
I Venture wagazine st Evanston illincis
to bave it analyzed.
Later
sirote and ashed for aditional samries statire that he tol
A failed to have then arolyzed.
Around the later rurt of June a fe: days aiter the first diso stories
ble sterted
contacteá us by phone. He told us not to tell the news-
Jarersstout the fragments and he would pay for an exclusive story if
the fregrents could be fron a flying disc.
Une of us told bi: the Iragnents could have been from e flying disc.
Just after our phone conversation !
wrote & letter to
betting out soie notes etc. regarding the fragnents and
indicating they could have cone from flying discs.
6.70
•
The next thing we beard was about the first of July wien ve got a
Irans ucess fress telozran from Chicero aster Bet about these flyinch 1
disc fragments. He tolt then to forget the entire matter.
Ihe next we heard of these fragments wes wien we were called by
to neot with blin In the finthrop dotel on duly 31,20,
We told him exactly how we bad found the fragments and had forwarded tber
to be abalyzod. b7C
The suore is thu entire and true story as regurds our connectior with
tie Ilyill diso storie eto. which orleimated over the cre amples which:
se sent to be analyzed.
670
B.I suall 8/7/47.

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2380, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• Utace Mer, C..
dum . UNITED
GOVERNMENT
TO : The Director
DATE: august 14; 1947
FROM : Mr. D. M. Ladd
1500.
Ta-m
SUBJECT:
FLYING DISCS
In connection with your request to be advised as to the facts
concerning newspaper reports of flying dises in the Fortland area and the
HEndon
Perninetor
Quinn
reported conference of army officials in Portland concerning flying discs
7115s
the Portland Office has advised thut Leaveritt G. Fichards, aviation
editor of the "Oregonian," has stated that Captain Willian L. Youvidson
and Lieutenant Fränk i. brow of the fourta d Headquarters, San Francisco,
vero in Portland on July 21, 1941. While in Portland they interviewed Dick
-rankin, an experienced pilot, who had reported that he observed, on June It,
a l'omation of ten flying dises over Baiersfield, California.
that Davidson and Brown had also interviewed the following four experienced
pilets who were among the first.
From Boyse, ge o Captain er J. thort coeing de a teetes, ond, dining
and Davor Johnson,
aviation editor, Idaho"Statesnan." In order to deternine the
purposo of these interviews Hichards contucted tajor General Iwining of wright Field
Ohio, and fron him gained the impression that the MiF instituted this investigation
to wash out the disc reports since they are definitely not of AlF origin.
On Friday, August 1, the plane in which AAF investigutors, Captain
Davidson and Lieutenant brow, were flyins, crashed at Kelso, hashington and both
were killed.
The wreckage was screened by AAF Intelligence fron MoChora Field.
The "Tacoma News Tribune" and through them tre United Press put out a story that
the pline was carrying parts of a dise wich had struck a boat owed by rarold
Duhl and Fred Chrisman.
It has also been inferred that this plane was sabotaged
to prevent these dise purts from being examined.
SI→ TUS
Investigation by the Bureau has roflected that this plane was iefinitely
not carrying parts of a dise and there appears to be no substantiation of a subotage
charge.
For your further inform tion there is attached d blino memorandum setting
forth in more detail the results of the investigation surrounding the above plune
crush.
No further inquiry is being näde in this mattor.
ACTION
gation.
Air Force Intelligence has been advisod of the results of our investi-
sausa 1 67-83-894-105
INDEXEI
14.
31
PCX: MjP
VIES DISTROYED
270
NOV 18 1904
102
$X-81

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2351, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 14, 1947
FLYING DISCS
The "Tacona News Tribune" and through them the United Press put out
a story that an anny plane which was allegedly carrying parts of a disc which
had struck & boat owned by Harold Dahl and Fred Chrisman had crashed on dugust
I, 1947, killing two Air Force Intelligence officers who were interviewing
persons who were alleged to have seen Ilying discs.
and
when interviered by Bureau Agents,
advised in a signed staverent on august T, 1947, that in the early part of June,
1947, they picked up some strange rock forantions from a gravel pit on ilauri
Island, Mashington./ They sent a cigar box of these formations to one
of the
baná also
• of the
→ in Chicago, Inlinois.
According to them they requested I
to make only a chemical analysis of the rock formations.
asking for additioral samples stating he bad been mable to analyze the material o le
band
remirked that a fer days after the flying disc stories appeared
during the latter part of June,
contacted them by telephone saying he sould
pay for an exclusive story il the materials they had sent him mere fragments of
a flying disc:
said he wrotel
•a letter in which he represented the
material as being a part of a Ilying diso, and both
and
admitted
that this statenent mas entirely false.
then received a call Iran one
of
Boise, Idaho wio requested thew to meet him at the vinthrop hotel In tacona on
July 31, 1947. According to then!
called in arny intelligence officers
Irom Hamilton Field, California and one Captain
i neited Atarinesh 76
of Seattle, Hashington to attend this neeting.
• maintained
they told the intelligence officers Captain Davidson, Iieutenant Brown,
exactly how they got the rock fornations and that they
had no connection rith any flying discs.
a stated that they then
furnished some of the rock formation to the intelligence officers as samples.
Captain Davidson and Lieutenant Brown Left Jacoma, Hashington in a B-25
• killed when their plane crashed at Kelso, Washington, after the left engine
burned out an exhaust stack which in turn caught the left wing on fire which caused
It to break off. The crom chief and ouch officer parachuted to safety.
enro tao after dio yang dise
Tat Tacoma advised that turo or
days after the flying disc story started he contactod
to check the story
COPIES DESTROYED
- 270 NOV 18 1964
I LEGURE
La.=
73-11

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 176, "chars": 1061, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Har
At
Fashington, to the effect that/
ad eate lyin dise creenis. 670
admitted to
that the entire story mas false.
Relative tol
of ther
and possibly the
hated that he was y
nao come b7C
to Tacoma and obtain a story fron them regarding the Ilying disc fragments.
on July 31 and August I, a total of five anonymous calls were
received by a
Frame is and stat me sat the as had bee he damn or sablaver tina 7C
fragments and stating that the B-25 had been shot down or sabotaged which
filled Captain Davidson and Lieutenant Brom, inferring that this was done
because the intelligence officers were carrying disc fragments in their plane.
stated that these calls could only have cone from
who, they stated, had a friend on the Chicago
Times and was possibly selling the story to the Chicago Times through this b 76
Iriend.
denied maicing these calls.
upon Interview, stated that, reporter
of the tacona
Tires and
•in Tacoma had inforned him that
shad several anonymous calls and from the accuracy of the inforsation b7C
transmitted
•believes they were nude by either

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1077, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ir. t
infini.
ir. Nict.s.
tr. Rosen
r. Iracs..
• Car. "1.
FBI BUTTE
8-15-47
5-45 PM
VGW
0):
"Taan
DIRECTOR, FBI
URGENT
FLYING DISCS• ON INSTANT DATE
OF TWIN FALLS, IDAHO
INFORMED LOCAL NEWSPAPER THAT COMMUNITY THAT AT ONE PM ON WEDNESDAY
LAST, AUGUST THIRTEEN, HE AND IWO SONS BILLIE, AGE TEN, KEITH, ARXXX
AGE EIGHT, SAW AN OBJECT NINE MILES NORTHWEST OF TWIN FALLS, RE-
SEMELING FLYING DISC.
STATED THIS OBJECT WAS PROCEEDING EXXX
DOWN SALMON RIVER AT TERRIFIC SPEED ESTIMATED BY HIM AT ONE THOUSAND
MILES PER HOUR.
AND SONS DESCRIBED OBJECT TO NEWSPAPERS AS
TWENTY FEET LONG, TEN FEET WIDE AND
• TEN FEET THICK, LISHT SKY BLUEBAC
IN COLOR AND ALSO OBSERVED FLAMES EMANATING FROM SIDES OF OBJECT•
AT TIME
AND SONS SAW OBJECT THEY ALL HEARD LOUD SWISH WHEN
OBJECT DISAPPEARED FRIM SIGHT. CURRENT EFFORTS BEING MADE TC INTER-
VIEW
AND SONS PURSUANT TO BUREAU BULLETIN FORTY TWO, SUB DIVISION
B, DATED JULY THIRTY NINETEEN FORTY SEVEN. BUREAU WILL BE PROMPTLY,
AND FULLY INFORMED OF ALL PERTINENT DEVELOPMENTS.
BANISTER 30
END
PLS ACK AND HOLD
10R-346
7-48 PM OK FBI WA BW
5 4t

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 393, "chars": 2428, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STANDARD. L. -NO. 01
Office Memo
TO
:
FROM :
SUBJECT:
TUM• UNITED Stie.
SOVERNMENT
Direotor,
FBI
SAC, Boston
Comer
DATE:
7-29-47
METAL, FRAGIENIS OBSERVED AT WEST RINDGE, NEW HAMPSHIRE, JULY 7, 1947
SECURITY MATTER (X)
Referenoo is made to Bostun teletype to the Bureau datod July 18, 1947.
Dean
the original informant, has advisad that a spootographlo
examination has been comploted of the metal partiolas referred to. They mara
determined to be of ordinary cast iron which had been subjected to a very
high degree of heat. The heat caused scales to be formed on the cast iron
670
which were originally thought to be of some metallio alloy.
The scientist examining the partioles conoluded that if they had come through
the air from any great altitude in as small pieces as they were found then
nost of the heat would have been taken from them by the time they reaobed
the ground and fires would not have resulted. It is noted they landed
approximataly 700 feet from a railroad track and inquiries more conduoted by
MIT to determine whother or not the particles could have been originally a
part of a liner in a snoke staok or some othar part of the stean engino.
inquiries resulted in positive information that the particles dia not oomo 1rom
a train or looomotive.
Measurements of the four pieces examined rovealed
that they had most likely been originally all part of one hollow oylinder,
eight inohas in diameter and three sixteenths of an inch in thioness. It
was felt that one piece falling from a great height would have atill retained
a good part of its heat and probably would have smashed when it hit the ground.
A soientist, whom
•did not identify by name, recalled that cast
iron oylindera of similar measurements had been usad in Now Maxico on
research work on a guided missilo project.
However, this unidentified scientist
did not so conolude to the exolusion of all other possibilities.
It is intoresting to nots that the axamination at MIl was antually conductes
above. The men at HIT
in all major details to that supplied by i
available.
These will be turnod over to the boston Offico. No further.
examination is being conduated by MIT and no offort is boing made tout
reconstruot the original cylinder.
Unlass advised to the oontrary by August 15, 1947 the Boston Offloo will
dostroy theso speoimens.
In the intorin they will bo transmitted to tho
Bureau on speoifio Bureau instruotions.
103
G
PIN INCRO
TX•64

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 110, "chars": 681, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It is notod that the original boston teletype refleotod that this inquiry
mas being troated as "booret" matter at MIT.
Thas advised that
the comparatively small number of research soientists at IT during the sunner
are all cognizant of the incident and tho resulta of the researon.
no publicity has bear given and it is not artlespated that dy will eule bl
The bureau's interest is not known to the soiontists at MIT.
There has been
no speoulation that a guided missilo originating in a foreigo land landed
in New Hanpshiro,
As indicated above, unloss the Buresu requests specifioally further investigative
action, this case 1s being olosed in the Boston Office.
BSG: nd
100-20698

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 478, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Mer C. dum. UNITED
GOVERNMENT
TO
: Director, FBI
DATE: September 4, 1937
Atten: Assistant Director D. M. LADD
SUBJECT:
REPORTS OF PLYING DISCS
AIRMAIL
Irom It. Col. d
Enclosed for ron information are copies of two Letters
dated August 27, 1947, with attachments reporting the sighting of
"Ilying discs" on Guam, and result of A-2 Investigation at Tacoma
and Kelso, Washington.
DIK: MR
62-2938
Bi !:..
• PIES I TROYED
NOW 18 1004
12 01317
REOOEDED
EX-37
35 SEP 20 104?
3%

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 597, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
17:
33868/120651
Speot
11
ort
Lot
DZADQUARTRRE YOUR
AIR POROE
of the Artistant
fir or Btäft
dato.
Halitos Plota
Alitondere
ballrorate
27 August 1847
62 2933
Agon
in Charco,
VI, US.
Departmont of Justicu,
Buildinei
Room 422, San Franoisco, Californin.
extraot
mohin for
fo10
OBJ
bid
oh they doto!
traito
the Mookly Intoltigonoo
Summary,
Not Do Gir dated 20 Auguet 1947,
paidentissed flyla, objoots hero
enlisted mon of the liith Air-
too squadron at Harmon Piold,
1o4o houri ot 14 August 1849 the
custorty dirpotion at an approxi-
The objoote dinapponred
ir i slitiet objoot
oratione
67-83-894-102

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 424, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(-
BEALQUARGORS TOR AIR TORCE
Oftice of the Mealsten Chief of Staff, A-2
Intelliernoe
HamIlten Fleld, Californin
41P'DA
333.5/1208-1
27 August 1847
TO:
Special Agen; in Charco, FBI, U. S. Department of Justioo,
Federal Cffl.? Buildinr,
room 1??. Ian Franoisoo, California.
Attacher su ry forwarded for your information.
1 Incl:
Sumarry of Information.
DONALD L. SPRINGER
"to Colonel, GsC
1C of 5, A -2
int
1i...
AUG 30 1947

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 128, "chars": 855, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ed | —
‘¢ . . oo QC ; .
i; 2, .
or hye ne

, Montition Field, Gnlifornia “

+e iL ;
»

mae 353-°/1208—) oo

_ Sb. SIU Ty Tuvestin tien of Fivine oise.
ABS

oa TOs meoial ‘pant in Chovee, FBI, Se Devartment of Justioe,
Seattle, cashingtene . |

Se tl ote ae
{
*

: td vour information,
i Attached surmiory Porcape : for |

Lines athons Lie Gone], GSC

sumiry of Infor Ai ont te fee

Fi alata llr a nt Se ls apr
7. nore roe ™ ial - \
tm

: “

mo

4
*

eine

Lk enigieties

J rn tI Hail ria +s

> rn cer Aare . wo

. 1 fom an ” - .

. ' le ' . :

at of = ann be
‘ w i ie he va ! - ee,

bald 7, . rnp . ' - ot :
eo - mote . L moe

27" a8 woh a ror yhe oD

L

Tae
ne pin

LE dl
a

ay Pye

rs
fr

4S

oe

sedijesinieeticom temnedliceatinnieeanaihaiheneartesamane wer

45 _ ™ “a ic: a , . -* S ° a hallines a 7 wees
tee ee ~. * *

el ee ee ee oe oem me meme mmm

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 354, "chars": 2286, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AI:: RESCUE SLAYICE
DETACICETKI B (EZA NAF BU)
sochord Flola, Tacona, Tauhireton
€ August 1547
SUSJECT: Final l1sal0i Roport
:...
TOs
formanding Officer
Air Roscuo Sorvioo
1a0b1la Flold, Moride
XISSTON NUMBER Thirty-fing.
FATURD
At C400 PSE, 1 August 47, AilY FulFil SEEVICE notified this
cotsohront that a plane And boon noon to orash and burn thirtoon (13) m1lo8
Bouth of XELlO, Rashloeton (4E081), 122055 1).
30 ACTION TAKEN
1 lu 17o 1€ 04130 PC=, ANS roociTai Irroration Frc- 15. Da
C. Flark, loonlishories ei PALSO, Basie, that the seese of the erash sua
flítoon (15) to trenty (El) riles east of tilsi in the riolnity of DOILE
CRETE.
Tho KALS) Chies of Police ear an airoraft sly lon orci thio tom,
the orcat and burn to thie unato The tiEs mas about 023i isia 1. ciook of
sirorart buys to bo in tho rloinity reverled that 9o25 iIsio hau coperted
MCCRD FIELD at 0212 PSI ROT HAMILTON PIELD, Callfornia.
the manütor mas
reportad as GRo A 'VIl toon rade visibility excoptionally 1o0d.. Tho
pilot'a razo mao CAFI. Eo Co DAVIDSOS, tho plaño oarríed tireo (J) additional
рогоство
Ite Leso iporationa Officor and Bane PIO more notifind. This
cotaotront began organising a ground party of baso porsonnol to supplenese
that beire forsed by the KEist Chief of Polloo.
At 0500 PSI Inforretion
mas rocolved Iron KALSO by Als that ground for in the rallaya di Lio sooro
di thio crash was preventine a prnund party from locatio?, tra planto
Since
Do costunication had boor rocalved froz 8-25 f1316, 1t mas nesured thet 1t
ass thie plano roported as oraahod. ARS C-47 una pro-flichtod to tranoporti
the irny fround parts to FELSO but a shook of the field conditiors thero
coonod it edripablo to uno a arellas alroraíto Of tho tira Cafús arailable,
one belorfiar, to Afa vas undorrioed after a lifeht flithts the othor, belong-
in to MACS, was readled oron thoush e rosponaible officer of that organ-
iration ran not present to authoriso the flight. for et Aslso prove: tod
trike-cil untll 0700 PSI.
The ground party, led by Calio to so LITTELL GrU
CAPI. Io R. FORSBIT, consiated of eix den inoluding a nodical tochnician
and a photosrapher.
At 0000 PST, the siLso Enlar of Polloo notified his
that a parsongor of the orashod airplana as in his offleo and had confiroad
FICLES:
CONFIDENTIAL
2-2

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 619, "chars": 3620, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
subfoot, Final (Janion Report
& Aw: Ust 1547
The belle: that the crash was that of the unroported i-25, the lessenger,
sito to Lo Ili?, of Fi. ITION, SATILE, mas uningurod, but roportod triat
the orer obler, I/Sit, is da Matilis, nas at a fart house near the doors of
the orash and mes Injurad, Sgto TNPF then led an acbulanos to cito KATHETS
"ho ras aubraquently taken to a loeal hoopital, At 0610 PST do attorpt
mas made to talophono 8qo 3 at MAVILION FIELD but no anarer ras receirad,
horroror, it was koown that HAVILION AFS nes awaro of the inoldort and
would notity sq. Bo At 070v PST Capto LITTRELL dopartod in a C-15 tos
KELSO, 1$ 0746 PST 59 7 ana contaoted by phono aná ciron a fleal roport.
At Co0f TOT CAPT LITTRELL phoned ard Informed that to hnd placed CAPiNIN
FORSBERG in oharco vi hray porsondol proocoding lo the soone of tho orash.
No sorlal search was nocossary do offillens in the aroa kaer tho exaot
location of the crash and had roported finding one (I) body in the wrookago.
GArI. WITTRELL propered lo fly Sat'a TAli erd VATIErS to HUCHORD FIFLD
for nodsonl attention, erriting at 0945 P3I. The survivore sletod that
they bollered selthor the pilot nor oo-pilot has parachutad fron the
plene.
The cruso of the incidont man at this tire doturatned to be a fire
In the left onciro, CAlE HITIREl nas Inforzea ay Süt. IiFF tint lio
believed olassified dooutents had boor aboard the planes Chit!? JHinG
was inatrualad to tako noosesary procrutiona.
in arbulenes art tlo plune
at LOCKORD FieLd oarrying the two survivors and took thes to the hoopital.
Interan etion revonled that the deit angine nnd caught isro lu the powar
suction and flazus und sioto !ed apronu to tho fililt dook almost fiscad-
intoly.
The oron dilor, lAirErs, assitiod INfi la atteohla? tis orcat
paot nud tiri abarseand the pinno at an entiontoà altitudo on 10,000 it
(tain faot la cosutad bit is not corsidorod nooongurily roluvars),
YATits holpod lin pliot and oo-pilot ettoot tholr ciost nadia (s.1l puro
gonzol lind soon marring the hernoas) end as ho Inft the ileno mus avaro that
cho geoplloi vas proparing to follor. The pilot lind atartad io loave anú,
to the boot roosilootioli of l'ATHIS, Mes partially standing aid holilne
the entrol whool with his loft hand. KAInin's atatosents Inúlonto that
propar energenoy proooturos had boon porforzod but thet the flaroo had en-
volored the untire Isft aldo alsost immodiatoly.
TAFF stated thet, becauso
of tho full toon and good rielbility, he dan MATTERS Joaro the plane and
ada role to follor the plone to the ground and that ho sau no one aldo
ball outo
The ahip sas arveloped it finior and tea serinain; to ill arart
beinio hittirs the pround more it explodod and burned about one (1) mlla
from mtoro lie, IAFT, Landodo Me lit is e troo, and not knorist hoa to
ralorao hia pornohuto or the quiokcotaotablo tind, out ilosol! locso trois
tho herrora rith hie pooket knifo. to kloked end strugelod end erertuelli
jured to the ground, rooditire a
Jolt on lapaot sut ros unable ie guess
hom for he had fallon. lo then followod a com path for en estinatod tro
(2) mil:a to a farm houdo, arrivine efter iATEs, Moschile, Ra MATERiE
alosred the pianu ho turned and nax the plano striko the sround, explode
and burn. dust before or Juat at the timo of lapact ho ear: er: obirot
afiro thron olear of the plane but did tot knos siotiar it ras e. percun
or part of the plario.
MAlias alan 211 in a trao, and aftor iriting hineal!
fron his lurness, Sell to tho zround miere he ligurad lils backo ie lost
consolourrosa and on rodoraring mont to the buraing plans, about flity
CONTIDENTIAL

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 2990, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4 August 1947
(50) yards away.
Flares vero folrr off ani ho thought bost to loave the
He hoard a strena nearby ind follomas it until ho ozzy to a houeo and
aroused tlie cocupanta, Soon Ill? arrived at tho saro houro and, being un-
injured, tan driver iato tonso then ho lod an asbulance to essoct transporta-
t10D of KATHErs to a lospital, leanubilo, olvilinas renaned the score of
the arash shore they sound one body.
At 0937 PSI, a cossaco from 5q 9
incorred that top sacret antarini was in the navigotora kit ard to request
Commanding cirloor MCCHOED TIllo to expocite nal avalledlo inforantion to
Cossandire lifticor MAVILION FITLD. Noamellle, CAPT POUSSERO and four (4)
enlisted Een departed ATLSO et 0930 PSI for goose of the crasio chay moro
transportos by tho MASHINCIS SIATE POLICE who kron the uxaot location of
tro pIntm (4600)': - 122043'i). The ground parts dotarained upon arrival
at tho gonzo, that tro (2) bodios mero ir the wreckage. Indieations led to
the belies tint the do pilot has nitre when to loft the pinto di fistant
borore impast. Ilu pilot's reraira mere found la the wrocharo.
Proo
ll=drary Israstizitler by CAPI PORSBERG disclosed the planer left alas
about one hundred trontyofito (125) yards fros the aldoly ecsttorad port-
tions of the place.
îhs loit win; ma: intres and lind roper ill, torn
i. Irati ortion
of the
wing stat vas solted but the rar two thirdo frutoetao tet it und.
ripsed losu fron its Intoard deciler of the mirio The vir: daaülre adse
The nettiation and luridie Liitto eiro vibrokon. Tuo
ailoron was undanaged but the flap seviion nas oruahed, leadin: to the
belles that the iii; atruck the tall sootion. Fros thens Indleations
It 1s Dollorod the viro ripped fros tho airplane Juat after lAT
abandoned the place.
The resulting spin thus prevented the remaining
orex rombera fron balliry, out although the oo pllet rey tere bear in tie
natcho A ter citillars mero in the aree whes CurT FORSDERG arrited
and he took pressutiona to prevent then fran disturbir, the srecraço.
At 1257 PCT OPI LITTALL Sler CAPT RICH, L. Co, tO XELSO, AD Ausbulanoo
dispatohad IrOn MOCHORD PIELD, not thoz at XILSO, and mas lad to tie soone
of the gresh by the SINIE POLICE.
The bodles fore rooorered and trans-
portad in the axbulance to VCCHORD PIELD.
CAPT LITTRELL returnod to
MCCORD FIELD whore camping aguipment mao propered to be dropped to the
«round party.
CAPT LITTRELL, Endo a suocessful drop at duri by asphilse
on a slinal fire.
The ground party set up camp at the mackero acere to
not as queri anó to invonticeto further the following dry.
They rare
reliered of resporalbility of ell recovored docuzonta by a CIC arort aho
had arrlind about 1800 PSI.
be 2 Aur, 47. The rounú party ronaired at the soone of the orash
pandia, offloial soourlar of the froldant, lio corial aotirity.
0o 3 Au: 17. MOCIORD FIAL Oporntions Officer departud at 1000
PiT lo investirato the mooldont and to relloro CAl'I 10x33179, tha roturied
et 1600 PSI. Inoldent ologode

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 619, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
for. in
сбру
Subjoots Final l'lerion Repart
& hugust 1047
So STATISTICAL LUNTARY
Do PROUTE ACTIVITI
(2) Total 5ai houre by AR$ Personrol in field
72
(2) Iotal zan hours by othur Arny Poreonrol
(catfreto)
300
(J) Iotal nan hours by elvillar porsonnal (ost) 1G0
(1) loo of riles dister by Arty leitele:
503
Do AERIAL ACTIVITY
(I) Total io, ai surtles Siom
3
(2) Total hours fiorn by fray alterait
LOCAL PURCRASES
(1) hoto
Co. COLLISTS
Cooperation reonited from all oirillen arenel-s enncorned
mas oraplate and excallent.
To RECOMUONDATIDTS
do Hono.
-
ROBERI HO MASONISIST:
Captain, 11r Corna
1 102i
1-1%:0:ohraphe
CONEID

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1235, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTERS POCATE dIX PORCE
orio he is ten at or mart
FIAN
149 0 2108-2
DATI—
28 huguer 2041
CONTROLLINE DEMICI
PERIOD COTDID.
Doronto cons moni
ily taroach y lacurt
b
of the ide
abocat 16, trona roquisia, so poturn to tao
vary rital iisorzation on ebo firing liod.
Aa trona are Criti caridoos intertionas.
sof the tasted Alr
at sto tas
The evanary of shair datorrogatior and flo
Publio taformation offloes, Machore Thold, Dy.
bastar gotole aba rasuite al tho impertiresson
sis догов.
one do it are, allah arry after as ladle do for da die else after
parther Intortigatios of tile partloulas fooldent man dart with to Araly,
Hasidont Leont, 731, Satura, Marblarteru
Is aas apparaos fros unrazapor aisprints, telepsose calle to eisa aftiear, dad
costerdations vita lajor fasdar, bhat a baltar prose asrraspondant, aí the Tenor
Tinar, pas Sustratorsal la Hoopire lisa paro alste,
Dils affloor and Major bestora
Biçboulà footed may fis= la the press, ela sos espoues tile matter nith the stars
• burias sha parlad ei ablo raparto
The anorgaous ryatory callar la Parosa aould possibis to
1 6.
dily
ADO
got 6sh into
Care
ArraoreD:
Small ti
ac as ti
• T
=I
P3I, Ras Prazosaas &
EXTIVE.
+12-81021-162
LATESTIGATIO.
•AUG 30 2947 25
AN PRANGE
7.=.

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2345, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CI-RI Roport
SITAILSE
1e Furinr
"' a afterimon of 81 Mily sTa
¡ano lully senteen, selephored It Proms, CIC abmelnolant Cornandar at Handa"
quartere fourth
1fr lorer, ens nintel Is audatarzer
Tras ha, Aranie, and capt dadst
tea arritod in inaura to inventigato the purportod stying dino expionion da a ov
taco orang on 2l dine 4t.
inie trocattention ves reguosted and finarond ty
ino frologure l end Enologure Bo the elnatura to Isologara
flint of the
formor rory
Alr inron offleer end fron all Indleationa do a very patriotio
in the recalot of inelonira & at l'eadquartere Fourth Air force, thie of fier
the inn iranoison fil Offlor to ohnok tie Chícaro YUI Offloo foz
¿antaro irend.
Ile rature arevor, by dolephane, uns to the offent tit the
Sidered of the Ent, to chirese tollon, did Gredit Murenu had no rooord end
or fle Festure frogs,
It 7in and rept inuldron arplyid at hotherd 11 ld durine the after
nf 8i dely 47.
Ther ohangor iron their untforea to elvilian odotilns da the alret
on heirs quarien sy operations no to my they staired transportation to
they ropiled this; aero le srit a goateha
7 dut
47, 8391
• Iroome Ilsee secaited an anongazus toleptiono enie thet
In dio linthrop intel for t'a purpora of condueting an Inroatigation on tho shyder
The Foone 3l'es sented one found thide de be toten esch to
"18*•
It troom and Copt impliaon did Intervior
In a hotel roof in the Minthrop intel, Incors, Festo, In the processo of?
If notes tard intes of this annvorention, they rose dar
stro el in tie airereit protontio
botatad to tafor bander shat Lt Brom
attulon ol mn unidentifiod aubetando that auro
in inolonirca a to To The arario» plotured is Inoloraroo
§ to 7 rearo teren by
Tron tie anne box that d
From art from pital to ortained hle aarulte.
Fracked eterrett, grow belme irtormented my thin offiner, gated that he pleded a
toat: cardbrard earlen in the rons ao partient of ilo ibit tint erasiodo
look in the hot ror loer any corints from 40 lorn or Capt Maridson ae to sto
tonite.
Do the infloring ermariona mini men raicieà on
rejor conder no sio ti
susalason of the in'erporation by Lt Mrom and Cart Do
Trot an it din 47
ma proceadine; noutin of stary Island da
"taco on a drum nut of he aloude and eirolad niony nroun
Pays drasper: to as patterated elemestes of 500 foot.
Thogo all noe appeared
V. D., P.M. G. PeTT No. 110

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2693, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CI. RI Report
¡laiterad almiler lo a de lat-d muleablle linertube, they were Judged byl
be a proximatoly In frat norses ith a 25 leot opening in the dentoro Too
eire a: the obfast lad pound partlalan ann the Inner riu, bad equare vindone or y
partielodo
Thin wlans wars of lout and fron fa plenpolnt he gould dos no tonie,
propiniona tre of thrso diese eppenred to faitor and mavor da tibe alr, another
then aforepentioned fire disso dropped dorn aloeo to the dine that appeared to
mater and bump it, dumplin "torio"
of the stuff as plotured in inolosura a to
or his breto.
booting off the hendra!!
koen, and goerely damagene the beet
the entert of 1200 0, ai1 kIIII
doss b4
Pite officer, in the cimpany of logor fantas, hoarded the afarano
elorrd bret niara lt
ana docked in the leona husbor on 6 lug 4%o A band rally
sinair. "i d'e aros shero tie lanú reii ina proriouciy fariarea iná boon paisa
prip will, surprol erats of print and his preskad by the weather, the dook and toot
ei tin antla gue of a vary thin
annatruation and tro endin further had ilana on
front end eldero 14, ir lila effiarr'a optritan that 1f any of the objesto pretti
dy
ns amples of the ratired dropped by the thyink dian hed hit tble boat
love cori" toly bro: rec arry to raglace the foradook ail the datin Toos
Thoes the arean perr pr: henril, costed fith errornt donte of paint and bad
weatlor oracke "tat moul: tara errorni anarons to saguire.
b6
oridenil; rieltai the aros
Anury faland to blook
19
appoend is liare eisted that he lourd the retertal that ho presen
ted to
acerirredo
"hile
sene pit near where the inoldant ano mupposal to
tree
, Mar as the noona of tim Inoldont, a flyine dino
ost r. the clordy and list
A "1: 118=
ie altime ride ori tro orcatient, in aroma dayiicht, of et asgano di
Inre and elearly ring'le witiln gerarel allon of the olty of Inoone portalily should
here Moun
epy end seported en by other ther
to ,'Hapapore on end afire el runo end no neation eruld do found of a mystardo,
erine: appearte: over the Tadore harbor.
progres a bose sort one of the coganto shan do photo do la ea
saniti
ai it alt in a friend of lin at the inimraity of chiorto for au enaiggio
Pretro
•Is reporte: " hars not reonited the enalyale peparto
b6
479117
it da prostale that din
elent sere pine norder
freddont Wrouch dis Inirersity of Chlongoo
The trterragenon ef
→ late as pompleted aboundanash on
rapt
#rtinon returned to Hechord fiole and progan
The meat! or man aloar with a bricht soon
slinirso
turo on l Aucret 304%, (to Inolaeire B).
Will pition, in the negery of lager hardere mortard e
aid tro
"andy, rondler: dent, tinart Friteral hirena of irtuatiention, attacpty
V. D., P.M. G. POID No. 110

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 288, "chars": 1762, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CI RI f'emort
6
controt ei vher
wi tinit sucoees
départari tha
ITa trat furo, tile ofthoer dld not har
esportuntty or secrereine wlah tion direeriy.
A'IEYIIN BUTTO
a mound arant voo pelo ly lolopoae by ebt
Brady mità tha toettle
rioid perioo, FAl, for pacoria eir
• tho chook or tre Erfpai
uno Mapatir.
Mie Soattlo FAI Indiona Inclontal tint e farold laht heu been BlarEoG
alth timm inoidents of fileni vooring ai the uniform end ona mith tiott ef nationai
property.
Is couli ant ba intaminad ao lio thim tating tarold hn tall, the oudjood
lo quootlar, ail, nrold iell er tho Pil Arciora, eao ano and tho eare A
her trillentod to
corner rieta one and hold oogd alos ar capan in shr alr habite tat
ATEST'S TUTTE
na Augnão dl, thia niilor atacted tho ragorda of the 40684 AlT!
B((B%) pred dets rotd suist
Lao rectatornd nith thnt lincorro Dosti ao
castait,
mith reálienoo ait
= icoona, FachínctoD».
PFITATY
M00 101 % end 1060
is 103 do man refte she Crlanel nuntiaton leylasen, hl
funto of inc lizton, and prooieny lad bens en oll toointolan alth abe Unina Pandti
Fal Inay.
soitoreil lho antoino lo lul? an un enliatad ran ane aerted en
for partitoon
* ratfine
In 1015 le tae nominatoriad nn praluntion fraz Mytre natrel
aur parrad e trial of ematy-tilro inritta.
"chrok "f the Teonna elty diraotory
RA:o 07
pahioh indientud hin hone wae et
•, 802a
'uninass addroea tno ltoton a*
tolopkoner
BICON KNATIONI
Tins 10 lurt' er Invontirntion de uniertatin on thio aperitio taeldont dy
Ar y dis lorea istanteol.
That in pies of the roportud etalninte hy tre (rfe-an, tlet donal daratt
ar elton to roy ie lila dir "anorto enstanion nud slydro etatio en en andorsrabte
and unrollant? :fftrer.
8 Inelas
Protosint, itr io
Photontni, telegra ir
16
V.D., P.M. G. POss No. 110

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 771, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
VENTURE
ESS
TAVANSTON
July 22, 194"
alto obtlbüsty
You have benn
fibbed
do naóti
you'd
like to
forget
like
to
nave your
ersonal'
asked
befo
piano, oto. as 1.
he hadd to look Billy,
thoros
:becaliso
more to this thin the compator? and the doxperts"
huto bado dr It.
solided the litiuld i havo nother propoastlob, You seen to
got arollid quite a bitt and It you bar naks 'd trip to Tacore,
washtagtod at unt roasible d be wilde to pay oxpenses
plus olot mount to nako it worth your white.
Hi station madone apa
it
Fera
orner of tbe
"and atto other seamon, ca d
petrol dear kirty lolanti öfterdcond, ben six discs; one in
troubler.
doned their indenhouse and batohlight sad loaded on the
to lord of the baach led the fatted et
funded thoro
Tabe that reade!
Sitsoroly yoursi

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 284, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOING
NOIND
BOISEL
HAf 4-2)
VENTURE PRESS
EVANSTON ILL.
SENT ARNOLS 20848 GO:40 TACOMA 70 INVESTIGATE FLYING
DIšt REPORT THERE, SUCCES THIS OUT|OF LINE FOR PRESENT PUBLIC
INTEREST IN StORY AND BELTEVE AS I SUGGESTED ON YOUR VISIT HERE
VENTUE PRESS SHOULD BE CHEERED
305 198
$20Ơ
308P

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 102, "chars": 588, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
re bo

ee ee

Pi
bE
: ‘
+7 *
_ . PY L
i r i
: t
, :
H F
&
: i
. ™~
LS
~ 7 ' "
' ,
‘ ; “a

* . -—e
A<ne
«.
to hoe
=e a“
pte ey -*

©
#
Fn

a

- . . * *
a wow 4 hs
ado .

vi
ind
. 4 al .
gg

1
. 7 * : +
rege hay, oo het — heey .
oaae aaah oall Ay " Paty

A mre a. ae ve
“4

on CUR eS ahi, Re eke Uy el gee de Be 2 8 SB on FM ge a i k AR GR ed otha dentate Bist 150"
| | ey alge ae a

ea Se trian iy are

bain = fz be sed ech ae te at ' oo a ty ee finde ie Pig a bree | “ee ie ss ee

a

to,

' = oa = : . . . . _ se ogee tg E
re ee ee ee ee a a arora Sarr er Vr a ee ee Aner eaeeeeS ies! eS

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 61, "chars": 306, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
#
rp iort he Bia. |

an a

did Rebeka dt GAR AES, OVER a om Aa etapa ghd tea ieitegierMlaiet 100.

ey _ . Ty _ . wo ' oe a ° . . we - t a)
rte a Fe lp dade ome ke i Pe oe a, Pe a On ee re a ee

A Derna tte alps

ane 4 om 2 .
to. a lat Cae ake a ptt oa

" ee rc oe oy eet
a nee eS ie We eS de lal ee ide ee

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 147, "chars": 747, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
7

to
AY
ot ., “s 4 : ort: - 7:
i - .
a a oa
.
+ a: : r

+

id ue he : an
4

1.
= + pans

- a er ca. ee 2 ie ie cF Gale ak o> ee ee a ee ee, eee Meg aoe ge wR SO
og PRE oR ott phat See Ebay Oly 98 AM Ei 2 Bw * tar on Fee es. wee Baste oH ganah Bi,

4

a ab tats be ee i. a upto ate +L. oF forme . ;
HPN Se 2 Prnjhaigie Rise? The 8 Pad apes cake i ices ar nee mee

e

, ; : : . - " a ; oe a neg ey gle By a
ee Tae. De me dee tne i MS eg ie Ee Bed) ate 7 ei

Pe ae ion 1 oe
Rete Weta Bere oe
oe a

Po. US ay ee ..
po ae ae
aw Fe

r

F
a ee

uf

. i i

ig i oytat
. r

..
. the

at ey
° aT se

Ee le” FF EE

ST et Fin aed

Se pe

a ae,

a i

pep ris

opts Ga eer art

Ts ieee OP pe

oe

ra 7

- - ho . ote 4 : : wos gts
" ce it a eS, Sle ce, fone ae

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 380, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
pe

Sat on ee

ejb

et, aes |

4

wet

*

i

eae

ae

ad iy rsleayhy

Moe om, Mes th _ oe mae
; 4 oo “ ; : ¥

a

+“ +

4

A

r.

Hf

4

ht
.

eo -
a fT
hea
‘a =
| ore
a - .
J. :
1 +.
; “ty .
hl " ‘
- =
Jn Cone
.
4

t

“ty

- ae

_ ‘o. = “ - ." wom * al - - - a5 4 ™ * my
"Tel gee a CE . iste ee eS Nat tay
; . tw on Sc ern i *. eon “2 le ery a teal aot Ne, . ans i ae TT a ee

a

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 409, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Ce ee

OS ee em on

De dee

Cal
ie ie ihe tae ee Ar a ee ee ie i Rie ae a

~~ F
™ *
r

| f.

ae ae

+ >~

aaa

; »
ws 4 '
*
-
_-
-
Ue

1” *

apa

. ‘prt, “c et an ee a aia a
. ee toy tt

ay,
¥ .

nit

ary

~ ae F ae

“—— -" pe
saan all

meet

caviie se. diag raved seater ate MARES ae ee ie s Neg iy has . inode’

. -* wo cla aoe a

-
“074

enh fie - Bie

tee ogee ‘ee er senpiatlasd tee we evict ie ides ke!

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 894, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STANDARD FORM NO. 64
Office Memo,
dum • UNITED ST
OVERNMENT
TO
i Director, FBI
ALFROM : SAC, San Francisco
SUBJECT:
REPORTS OF FLYING DISCS
DATE: September 4, 1947
AIRMA II.
SPECIAL DELIVERY
Enclosed 1s a copy of a letter dated August 25, 1947, with
attachment Iran It. Col.
California. Even though col.!
• Of A2, Hamilton Fields h'1U
have read some of his claims in a newspaper, Col. !
that Mr,
should be interviewed in this matter.
land cos rece ted Bureau Buttin No 4, dated July 30,
194%, Portland is requested to exhaustively intervier Mr. C
• Portland, Oregon, regarding his
alleged sighting of a "flying dise" on June 24, 1947. Copies of
the result of this interview should be furnished the San Francisco
Field Office for distribution to the 6th Army Intelligence.
DWK: MR
Encls. 2
62-2938
. co Portland (Encis. 4) - AMSD
mindble
Ino shaga
2500l":
INDEEED
/35
SE EP 23 911
=-.
67C
P-314

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1135, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PORTLAD, OREGON, Aumist 20th 2917
It. Col. Donald Lo Springor, Assistant Start
Sir. Sar in the portland pasor a short tina aro la ruaros to
an article is regarús to the so called flyiar, dise having any basis
of facto
I CAT. SA! M E
ino ros in tho lt duans district
on Juno 24th the day!
I Jolse lanho cintos he ser a h6
forration of flying disc. Ara s ser the sane flyin- objects at about
the sere tire.
tieving a teluscopo with no at the time i can asure you
the: are reel and notine like ther. I aver saw before they did not pass
verry hich over where I was standin? at the the time, blobly 1000 It.
they were Round about 30 foot in dimater taperin, sharnly to a point in •
the head ená in an oval shape. with a bricht top surface.
I did not
hear say noise as you would fror a plane. jut thare was an object in
the teii end looked like a bir. hard of a
clock shifting from ride to
side like a bir maperet.
I ere speed as far as 1 kon seered to be
preater than inythire I evor sari.
Last voin I rot of the objocts they
were stardine on edgo Banking. in e Cloud.
Yours hespectfully
/s/
66
A IRUE COPY:
..
Lt. Colonel, G55,
of
3. A-2.

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 92, "chars": 619, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*47
LIP
!O CE
-
.t:111:00
'indi, Crlifornin
A FA
25 August 1947
Special Arent In liaire,
Fodernl Iff no lulline,
'DI, Mo S. Hopertinerit of dustico,
i non 422, San Frenclooo, Calif.
1.
Thr attache brin per
of: lotter from
fur 1. 1947.
?.
You attration is in had
in the sinflerit! betwoon
Apessibility nrists that
airht have pord are of his in the newpapers phon
uns publleized re thin untiter.
3.
Il: is remesto: 11p1
this toniquart is.
....ere intend to investiroto fills incident.
rost, or one Intervier vou may mere he furnished
b6
DONATI L SPETIGER
1t. Unlonel, 1gt
AC of 5. A-?
(True Cy)
AUC 2 7 1947
SAN
To retur

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 2, "chars": 16, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 65, "variant": "clean-vision"}
LIFO
SECTION 4/

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 145, "chars": 891, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Mem.
TO
: THE DIRECTUR
FROM : D. K. LADD
SUBJECT:
M • UNITED SI
FOVERNMENT
Clone
Harbo
Room
You will recall that dr.
the Bureau of a letter which walter winchell had received
from an individual in los Angeles indicating that he had
seen a flying saucer leave the ground within his view and
which letter he theorized that this might have been a landings ;
from anocher planet.
ateruiem
the writer of this letter, i
Te rod a ges fice as realested to locate and a ble
Street, Los Angeles 7, California.
The Los Angeles office has now aduised that theble
• have no
inowledge
ef any
and that other investigation
to locat.
vas unproductive. It would appear, therefore,
that this may have been a prant..
You may desire
to advise Ir.
such person at the address given
tnasmuch as ne indicoted that
that there is no b
ir. Finchell intended, to do aycolumn on this létter.
DAL: FA
/
11-185
4.4'

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 1622, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
i Bureau of tnuestigation
Mritro States Departurent of Tuatice
nIL-
June 8, 1949
Director, FBI
RE: FLYING DISCS
Dear Sir:
Refer Phoenix letter to Bureau, dated September 9, 1947,
captioned, REPORIS OF FLYING DISCS, for the attention of Assistant
Director D. No LADD, setting forth the result of an interview con-
ducted by
., then a representative of the Air Force
Intellirence, from Hamilton Field, California, and Special Agent
"with oned
bre
Thoenix, Arizona, concerning his observation and photographing of an
object which was considered by the Alr Force of significance from a
security standpoint.
On June 7, 1949, Mra
DOSI representative,
Phoenix, Arizona, called at this office, advising that he had been
requested by his superiors in San Francisco to obtain detailed in
B76
formation concerning this interview since i
apparent has ünderi
requested the Air Force to return the photographs OLd|tilo in
when questioned by his superiors concerning the
stated his recollection was "hazy" on the matter. OSI 1s
anxious to secure the substance of intornation in the Phoenix file
concerning this matter.
was furnished the substance of b7c
the interview, as set forth in letter of reference and he has now
requested that he be furnished with a blind memorandun setting forth
this Information in detail in order that he may make it available to
the OSI at San Francisco.
A memorandum setting forth this information has been pre-
pared by this office and is attached hereto. Ine Bureau is requested
to advise i1 such memorandum chould
ян: 10404 241-184
ery true out 20 194
lane to Pharai
Hu Humph
IAM-Kb
2-213
AIR MAIL
-
"r-

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 836, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RECORDED - 134
SAC, Phoonix
Director, FBI
June 30, 1949
bic
INFORUZATION CONCERNING
FLYING DISCS
Rourlet June 8, 1949, captionod "Plring Discs."
It 1a belloved that the reforonce appearing in the first line of your
referencod letter to the Dureau 1a incorroct. Complete dotalls concerning the
mattor roferred to in your referonced connunication appoar in a letter from
your office dated septorbor 4, 1947, and not Soptembor 9, 1947.
Pursuant to your request, you are granted authority to furnish the
attached blind tenorandun, which was formarded to the bureau with your referenced
lottor for approval, to lt.
7, OEI representativo, Phoenix,
Arizondo
baC
Attachiont
ЕНИ: EFF
US. DEP'T. OF
JUSTICE
IN 30 4 00 1 49
RECEIVED HER.
_ta:
16
!!.
Herbo
Quin
Roon
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION
MAILED 15
JUL 11949 P.M.
IDLEAM FUSED OF IEVESTISATTO
tin

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1594, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STANDARO FORM NO. MA
Office Memorandum • UNITED STALES GOVERNMENT
TO
DATE: Juno 30, 1949
FROM
670
SUBJECT:
INFORMATION CONCERNING
FLYING DISCS
clace.
Ozarto
Nichola
Rosses
tracy.
Purpose
Tala, room
Жам
Your approval is requested in order that the attached letter and
memarandum can be forwarded to the moenix orflee, authorizing that ortice to f76
furnish the attached memorandum to kr.
• OSI representative,
Phoenix, Arizona.
background
In July 1947,
• was jointly interviewed by Special
Agent
(Bureau Agent) and
a, 1-2 representative b76
from Hamilton Field, California.
The purpose of the interview was to secure from
information and photographs of a flying diac, which had been sighted
and photographed by Rhodes.
•The complete results of the interview and subsequent events are contained
in the attached memorandum subritted by the Phoenix Office.
→ OSI representative at Phoenix, Arizona, has requested
the Phoenix Office to furnish him conplete facts relating to this interview, which
are to be subsequently forwarded to the OSI Office at San Francisco, According to h
› referred to above, has been questioned concerning this matter
by his superiors and he has advised then that his recollection is "hazy" on the
matter.
According tod
has apparently now requested the Air
Force to return the photographs, which were previously obtained from him.
Reconnendation
It is recommended that the Phoenix Office be advised that the memorandum
attached may be forwarded by them to ur.
Arizona.
OSI representative, Phoenis, 676
Attachments
11-183
EHM:EFF
RECORULI
XD - 134
EX-68
23
JUL 20 1949
185

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1892, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
STATUARD FORM MO. 61
Office Memorandum. UNITED STALES GOVERNMENT
то :
758 FROM :
SUBJECT:
DIRECTOR, FBI
SAC, NEW ORLEANS
FLYING DISCS AND SAUCERS
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION CONCERNING
DATE:
July 21, 1949
For the Bureau's Information, several citizens in the community of
Alexandrla, Iouisiana, have recently reportedly seen flying discs. The Alexan-
dria, Louisiana daily paper has carried numerous articles concerning this.
At a recent meeting of the Young Mens Business Club in Alexandria,
a member suggested that since Alexandria, Louisiana 1s knorm as a convention city,
the club should try promoting a convention of flying saucer seers. This particu-
lar comment appeared in the Alexandriz paper and was picked up by the AP lines.
Нг.
a member of the Young Mens Business Club, advised
Special Agent.
that since the AP release, they have received &
Large number of requests regarding the convention of r2yine saucer soors from mand 7e
parts of the United States.
•states that the interest of the people
is evidenced by their inquiries about convention particulars, stating they are
flying saucer seers and want to attend such a convention.
This gentleman further advised that in view of the volune of inquiries
coming in, it appears that the YMB will have to hire an employee to handle all
the correspondence.
It aight be noted that he advised a representative of the
Air Force from Barksdale Field, Louisiane, has Inquired as to plans of a flying
saucer convention, stating that they are interested in furnishing an observer 1f
mere held.
This information 1s being furnished the Bureau, as it is possible such
an enterprise may cause people to falsify that they have seen flying discs or fly-
ing saucers. Such falsifications might be made so that they night attend such a
convention or become official delegates thereto.
TEM: gP
62-0
67c
RECORDED - 63
INDEXED - 63
:!!: 182
25 19
0J0L30

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 610, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
fir. Tols-n
HI, S. DEPARTMENT GE JUSTICE
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION
No. Ca is
gi
TELETYPE
1y3-1
Tole. Loor
bir. Norto
FBI
7-14-48.
4-55
PM CST
CLIZCTOR
URGENT
FLYING DISCS, INFORMATION CONCERNING. WHILE ON VACATION RECENI
AT LAKE OF THE WOODS, NEAR KENORA, ONTARIO, CANADA, SA
HE HAS FURNISHED FULL INFORMATION CONCERNING SAME TO U.S. CIR
OBSERVED UNCONVENTȚONAL AIRCRAFT RESEMBLING FLYAS DIE ATC
FORCE INTELLIGENCE, FORT CROCK, NEBRASKA, AND SANE WILL NOT BE
REPORTED TO THE BUREAU UNLESS ADVISED TO THE CONTRARY•
DALTON
RECORDED - 142
167-4844
31 JUL 19 1949
END
ACK
24D PLS
0 AUC0K1549
• WASH DC EJC
3,01?
FivE

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1723, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION
Form No. 1
THIS CASE ORIGINATED AT
PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA
REPORT MADE AT
DATE WHEN MADE
PERIOD FOR
WHICH MADA
PHILADEIPHIA, PA.
6-15-49
5-20-49
TITLE
UNKNOWN SUBJECT, FIRE, SCRANTON, PENNS YIVALIA,
UNKNOWN DATO
COMPLAINANT
FILE NO. 62-2542 VTH
REPORT MADE BY
bic
CHARACTER OF CASE
MISCELLANEOUS
INFORMATION CONCERNING
SYNOPSIS OF FACTS:
submitted ash residue to
Fire Marshal's Office, Philadelphia, Pa.,
which made chemical analysis.
mintory hatre or ay have been caused by
- C -
DETAILS:
This investigation is predicated upon a letter
=
received from the office of the
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, dated May 19, 1949, b7C
advising that ashes had been received from one
» purportedly from a fire which had continued to burn for twelve
hours. A chemical analysis of the ashes had been requested. The
Office noted thati
•had at one time warked for the Atonic Energy
Cornission.
advised that there
had been received through the mail on April 21, 1949,
sample with a re-
quest for analysis.
In the letter of transmittal,
had pointed out
that the fire had continued to burn twelve hours after water had first been b 74
applied.
The original letter of transmittal was examined and reflected that
an object had entered the roof of the building, caused an explosion, and threw
-people out of bed.
said he attempted to locate
sat his
residence.
but had beed unsuccessful.
le added that at !
the time
had commented that
had been emloved by
the Atomic Energy Commission.
was then requested by letter to appear
at the
APPROVED AND
FORWARDED:_
2.1. Boardinan
IN CHARGI
DO NOT WRITE IN THESE SPACES
CORLES OF THIS REPORT
RECORDED - 129
6Z0033
(Za- Bures
2- Philadelphia COPY IN FILE
114
8 JUL 201919

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 377, "chars": 2167, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PH 62-2542
advised that he had interviered
at the time he came to the office since
was absent
He said that he then learned for the first time that the fire
in question had taken place near Scranton, Pennsylvania, and had occurred_.
about six months prevzous yo.
This caused the
to withdraw
from the case on a question of jurisdiction andi
•was advised that
any further action on his part should be referred to the State Police
authorities.
b70
At the same time,
furnished
with the results
of the analysis which had been made of the ash subritted, and which analysis
had been made by
Chemical boratory, on b7
875, City Hall.
This report reflected that the ash contained Magnesium,
Aluminum, Iron, and Calcium in the form of silicates, sulphur and carionates.
was interviewed at his place of business,
• Broad Street and Girard Avemie, Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania.
At this time he advised that he had received the sample of
ash from a friend,
vania, through the mail.' He said that Lake Ariel is about one mile south
3 on Ce mile Set - 676
of Soutin Canaan, near Scranton, Pennsylvania. He stated trati
house had burned about six months ago, that the fire had occurred at night
during a storm and that a large object had struck the roof and ignited the
house which had burned to the ground in less than an hour.
He said that he had not been present during the tire but that
these details had been furnished by letter iron
of the ash was forwarded ior analysis. He said that he was of the persona
at the time a sample bl
opinion that the ash might be a part of a military flare or a "flying saucer".
He pointed out that he has been advised by associates in the
engineering field that one of the characteristics of some types of flares
is the fact that they burn for a considerable period. He stated that the
mass of the ash residue had remained ignited for a period of twelve hours.
He also stated that he did not think there had been an explosion but tuat a
loud noise- had probably been caused by the vacuum created as the missile
or object struck the roof. He added that there remains a quantity of the
ash, anounting to one bushel, atd
i premises at Lake Ariel.
- 2-

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 183, "chars": 1167, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PH 62-2542
ady sed that he had been employed by the Atomic
Energy Commission at Oak Ridge until 1943. He was entirely rational. He
discounted the theory that a portion of a meteor had struck the house on
the basis of the chemical analysis made by the City Chemical Laboratory.
• advised that at the suggestion of the City
authorities, he had vritten tod
band suggested that any further in-b 70
quiries be directed to the State Police.
The file of the Philadelphia Office reflect that the records
of Irmigration and Naturalization Service were negative to an inquiry concern-
ing.
3, CEL
The files of this
office likewise reflect that
By letter received August 14, 1947, 6 7 0
requested of this office the identity of a powder or dust used to catch
thieves.
Inasmuch as there is no violation indicated within the Bureau's
*urisdiction, there is no further investigation being conducted in this
matter. Horever, the ash residue obtained from the l
is bein! forvarded to the Bureau Laboratory for any interest or study the
Laboratory may desire to conduct relative to flares or in connection with
the postibility of the presence of "flying saucers".
676
- CLOSED -
= 3=
