{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T03:48:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 142, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7906373, "source_file": "FBI-Vault-UFO/pdfs/ufo-part-12.pdf", "source_sha256": "b0b26485cd1fbd2184cc66c78a33a1b238829444659219e35aa1efdaddfc4aed"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 1184, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JOHNSON COUNTY
DEPARTMENT DF CIVIL DEFENSE
MONMOE AND JACKBON STREETU
FRANKLIN, INDIANA
20 балиату 20Б5
#. J. Edgar loomer
Diraotos Foderal Dureu of Investigation
Doct Birt
I mould first like to apologise for mritire to you direct, borerer, I baro
olearod this soruiny with our state Director and he surgesta thir prooeduro.
Tie hate been haring sose auccons with our Ground Observation Corps as te bare
four: (4) porte here it the countya
Last Fall I mas contected by ore of our local busiress men tatitstig t0 Jon 11
are Literusted in Flyiug Saucers clso work in our Civil Defense Irogran. to aro
only too willing to coopercte in ery muy ne can with CIVil Bosense. The elty of
Franilia is approxinately trenty (20) miles gouttrest of Indiarapollo, on tbo dual
I am enclosing a letter which was receirod. last Ootober, as mell as the ourrent
IssUE DISTICE REVIET. Mould liko to knon If this orranization han been oleared or
I rould appreciate your expediting this infornation back to us so that me mill
boon what stepa to tale in further eulluting interested persons in our progras
If you do not roguire the anolosures please retura then.
BECORDED-84
INDEXED-84
LI-X3
11:1t-3;
1421.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 768, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
.-k+
SPNÖI ATVIEW
WE WANT YOU TO MEET
: adele t
•EDGÁR L, PLUNKETT, BUTISH ARMKRSENIATIVE Bor ei Bristol, Glas
Went so Middle Fest in 1941, eod
i the Britisk 8th Army. After fall
posted in Egypt Asturned to Est
service orenichs el a Copeein. Nom
He has a wile and three childeca
ad in Malestine and onas the
rar after foeir and a half pee
be tia origiaz! bres es a chest.
i are Demis 21, som wiet dhe RAF, Diene
18, and Michael 14. Hobbies are Melgy
a yeas ox ao ago,.
to indusria personsal.
Ir, Plunkett hes shows gres asto
= IFSB activisies aad will wichoat a doub
rove to be our mox valueble fortiga
spamarseative.
ASSOCUTE BOTTOR
(Nese lasua-April 1, 1933)
POST OFFICE BOX 241
BRIDGEPONT 2, CONN.
U.S.A.
Batura Parteyo Quarenio
To:
FrankliD,
Inciana
101553
teITi=

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2161, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CE REVIEW
EXCERPTS FROM À SÜMMARY OF À FIVE-YEAR
FLYING SAUCER INVESTIGATION
Dy Goorgo D. forecatt, Inter
and Counch, PSI
ne of the most acided to ato cies inciden eld, a a in me leone ri
at toeing the mell baoren "Firia
Snacer" phenomena Since the a
. Moe United Steten, I bare speed
the Unied See and have mailed queriest to led hey there objade throughou
quecionseines out to many others.
ripation. It's really too big a job for eat person as handle. The must realize that we are
tealing with a phenomena that is es fencesex es it in fascinating. Many of the reports tbal
I have for able to father in my collection and so back this statement.
rhaps there will be bot
landings an his doche ale too peder these per eter trill bon
ween everywhere, for longer periods el row. and in groupe instead of alone, as well t
more reports of huge saucer or rocker shur Thes, too, tbey acem to come and go et will,
perhaps being sationed es satellites themarlor. -
! Ice! that our government mous kaire something about these saucers beckuse in my
opinum dt this very moment the United Soles Creernment is carrying on an educational
Pioneem reading here an any salt er on are perhe to pace shipe from cont
troversy or panic or fos any orher moires erhich tary might have, our goverament is still
: releasing, denying, suppressing end turn plating exports as intervals for some reason.
Regardless, the future will sell! In closing. Id like to use a favorite phrase of Charlie
meterry. Lynchoure College student who said, "things are really looking u
"Ironder
I want things aren't jooking DOWN, too; Sooner or later we're bound to find ouk, in
to this all I can say is, "the sooner, the better."
EDITOR'S NOTE: Mr. Facet's discussions and opinions will be found in future
rises of Spaie Review.
'ATTENTION MEMBERS AND OFFICEA» If you would te interested in receiv.
ing dil emblem to meas on your cost lapel with our club leners "IFSB" engraved on e:
Suer background, we would be interesied in inning We cannor order these emblems
¡unless we yer enough people showing interest "he price mould he approximately $1.00
fash. Pleass let us know as soon as possible. Thend you!
5

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 529, "chars": 3137, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
"RACE LEVIEW
SAUCER SIGHTINGS BY IFSB MEMBERS
Exclusival Praon Frankin, tnohama and Surrouneing Towns
SIGHTING NO. 4—On the moriag of July 88, 1932 in the skies to the poutacue aad
the objects no definite steps mere lakes by ohe arany or ochermise. The report is as folloris:
There were three objecis, one larger end brighter than the two smailer objects. The
larger of the chree seemed to casi off i whue yellowish lighr. Iis pattern of disht ecemed
to be that of a circle. Il scemed to elman be keeping track of the too amaller objetsi
ne two snuller obiets cast ofi a dinincher lght of their orn, one being en orange hu
nd the other a reddish color. The sons smeller ones atmed to be in a dog fight all thei
own. since they excruted barrel rolle loom and spins They made tums of g0 degres and
¿s degrees without losing any iraree of pareid, ds meil at dancing up and cowa as if
onieune ds pleyi with a grant payo
The abyects made ungle sorties to the soutb
completely our oi
vighe, to return almenst immediately into vict affin, forning the olhe
in a neally rot wnd ihow of turns, loups and spins. Whe estimaled their beight er approxi-
mately 19 Den. 1.e. while their speed varied from en estimated 1 900 miles per hour to an
estimates in une rales per hour. fren mah a peis of binoculers in mes almous an tapos
sibility ins My-maine any exact shant other than that they appeared to be round and el
as a siua.. Thes were observed for a pariad of four hour end fifteen minutes. Dawn
came al 1 6ã am. and all stars had gone around 3:00a m. At 5:03 a.m. n was bright day,
light-and the three objets aere still vinble. Their color did not change in daylighe
At 3:11 am. the larger of the thice obiects was joined by the toro ameller ones; the smaller
obierts one it a time disappeared shore the larger, fret the acenge, then the red. After
mesime lo envelope the ioo smaller hyeris it moved up and lo the west out of sight. The
Marri of ihe three objets and the disappearance of the larper lodi exactly 40 seconda
crects were verifed by: Edimung Police Dept.. (ump Arterbury, ind.: Columbus
Le mi
Iept.: Seymour State Police Iepe., Freenshurg Pulrie Depr: North Vernon Police
,1. Connersville Pore Dero (arinererille Sute Puine Pour: Fort Wayne, Ind.: anc
Madison. Ind. Mr. Maire and Mr Rund are 17SB membera not
SIGHTING, VO. S-Louio Mesonicli, Jr., Mesurentative for Minnesota
ghier! a mund objert Northean of le u Prairie, Minnesota abour 2:30 p.m., April
20, 1: 11 ase a duil kray «dior, traveling woen 230 MPH and when it eeended their
mas a lun hur, de das abour 9, OX, teet higs, un d'as visable for about 45 seronds. Direr-
lion of flipts was lican East lo Wrot in on trent path.
HIGHTING NO. 6- Alan K. Sider, Minile: iruni California
Sighted a dis shaped obje: in 'he fast ol los Angeles about 9:08 p.m. on Sep
sounter 22, 1792. It was a yellowish arute in inlon and remained in a stationary position.
far abour i stronds. It war dume)! ligrees abour the horizon, Il was about 30 fest in
dameter anal traveling dur nontr
'hen serding in pour of en en do, or sighring. please gior she dale sbat you
ie ils uen, or Thant yon'

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 490, "chars": 2958, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'ACE REVIEW
' TO ALL MEMBERS OF THE I.F.S.B.-
GREETINGS FROM ENGLAND
Coop. Roper L Monken, Belch Rapresartativa
ite the on the verge of a breath-teking discorery? Yes, I beliere we really are! To
quee
Captain Eddie Rickenbacker, "Too many good men have seen Flying Saucers for
dismiss them lightly as hallucinetions."
The mineteenth and terentieth centuries here produced a number of astonishing dis.
coveries notebly the dreaded atom bomb, and ales has had to discard in many cases pre.
vrously held convictions such us that "tasites is indestructible".
Even the everage laymen today, due to increased educational facilities, and access to
Ane tut thi leg somehow in food id to han form all putating orial fire le
. unto the univerte,
but on an infniterimally smaller scale. Therefore, it is-to me et least-
quite beluvable that it is possible thai nomewhere-something-somcone hes solved the
rdule of this energy, etheric, elatromagnetic, call it what you will. Having progressed
Ple pran lions what has became kne a mindin auer bestet positing
he propulsion of what has becore known as tin
Il is known thas berween the Sun, Moon, and oar Earth, and presumably between other
• inter-plantary and
possibly interstellar bodies doere exits magneric lines of force, tha
il some torm of aircraít or saucer has control en the rears ol attraction and repulsion
these lines of force which by the way never touch one another, would form the perfect
highway along which to irarr
¡ram the point of view of the average thinking man in the street, i say, "I believe the
dying sauer dars exist, and that the coming years will vindicate such men as Captain
Maneil, Kennein Amold, and rountless other pioneers in this field." In conclusion, mas
I say to all IFSB members al horse and abroad,
"carry on the good work, and above all
do not be disappointed, discouraged or trluded by the jeers and sneers of the ignorant
so-calied majority.
The bes a everything for ibe New Yeir ahead
Your interay,
MYSTERIOUS CRAFT
by Gali Sprague
Out of the dark, mysterious, deprtis al
Came strange looking craft et a TraDen
dous pace.
Their course
wes true, the third plane
from the sun,
Theis orders: Don't return until your task
is done.
Down they descended; some got our.
"Be back in 24 hours," the commander
told the scaut.
• Time quent fast, all returned
Off went the craft, bearing all iney'd
leared..
The decision was reached, never again.
(in this small planet they'd ever land
W'us, corruption, prejudice and greed,
made this the worst of all planets, all
afreed.
..=
E. L. PLUMISTT
OUT THERE
by Victor Root
Out in space lies my destiny.
Out there, beyond the clouds:
Where winds have not yet blown,
Where man hes not yet gone:
That's abere 1 long to roam.
'i=.
Out in space lies my destiny.
Out there, among the siars;
Where night in forever ruling.
Where solitude is soothing;
That's where i long to roam.
Give me a river sup.
To make the happy trip;
Out thes, among the stars.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2275, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MCE REVIEW
DIRECTORY OF REPRESENTATIVES
Ibe following are dédisional represstares, since our bess parkissetion.
BRITISH REPRESENTATIVE-Edper L. Munkett, 71 Chedworth Rd., Horbeld, Briska
1 Englend; Assistant Representative for Bricain-Denis Plunkett
FUER
→ RICAN REPRESENTATIVE Luis Lahrine do= 33, Ponte Santiago
i. COLOLADO Verna M. Hampton, 424) Alcor St., Draver
MAINE-Allen Levinsky, 39 Atlantic St., Portland
MISSOURI-Ralph Hetzel, 6 Scersdale, Se. Lons 17
NEW JERSEY-Augus C. Roberts, 41 Out Ate., Jerry Cay
NORTH CAROLINA-David T. Benton, Box 130, E.C.C., Gracavilke
OHIO-Robert ( Sitinelle, Sr., 714 McMakra Avc., Cincinnati.
OREGON-G. 1 McColly, 324 Jerry Si., selmerton
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA-Re $ L. Da=, 5119-7tb S., N.M., Peshington
WEST VIRGINIA-Gray Barker. Has 9b1, Clarksturg
Above names will mos be pubinded again. Addilional namer in
insaes
Anyone ibe wisbes so correspons wish alber members will please send as permission
I print your same and address so shes others will know ibes yor.
desire correspunde
l'e do nos pablest lisss of our mumbers names and addresses wishoni persision from
LET'S LOOK AT THE MAGAZINES
RADIO S DingS rOR NE Y Name Tale aides Have We Visitors from Space,"
TRUE MAGAZINE, SEPS: 1492- The Flying Seucers and the Mysterious Little Men.".
OCT. 1992-''We Flew Above Flying Seucers.
DIE 1952-"Wha Redar Tells Abou Flying Saucers."
ViA MAGAZINE, OCT. 20, 1952-"Moonbound," Page 18.
(IN LIER'S, OCT. 18, 1952- "Man on the Moon."
(X.T. 25, 1992—''More About Man on rhe Moon."
PI. MAGAZINE, NOV. 1932- "How Do dawers Fly?"
SiA MAGAZINE, DEC. 1952-"Flying Sau an and the Air Around Us."
MR. MAGAZINE, JAN. 1993—"Is Wissheagion Alreid of Flying Saucers?"'
MAN TO MAN MAGAZINE, JAN 1893. - "Flying Saucers Are Not New."
THE MYSTERY OF OTHER MURLDS REVEALED -A Fawkett Book No. 166. Ex
thar a publisher puts oul man a tine publication. Contains news of Space Travel;
Flying Swers; and Roikrt its kapment.
Tbere magazines are in she ||JA LIBRARY a pari of our collection. We will send
wrillen information lo anyour cha musy have questions on above magazines.
Coming in Aprit "SPACE REVIPK'" -"SAUCERITIS" by John Armitage of England,
An article the will make you really THINK!
A COMPLETE LISTING OF ALL OF OUR OFFICERS AND COUNCIL MEMBERS .

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2151, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MCE REVLEW
• HIGHUGHTS ABOUT REPRESENTATIVES
and oded in maxing his horde town
IFSB members. At present it totels over tentaty. He was assisked by Mr. Louis Franti, aDd
Mr. Jac
Moor ai that place.
1. ROLALI) ALBERT, rep. Ontaria, Cerada-Will be appointed Represcatative of
CANADA AT LARGE. Doing a fine job. Would like pore Carediers to join clut
IFSH trich this saucer map.
har ro mant to California in the near future. It will be very hard to replace such en
arderie.
EAKI!! AROADDUS, Rep. Kentucky..Obtrined two new members for IPSB. One of
chem dr tateria d Mrs. Glenn C. Fuller, dr a Mying raucer. Her report will be in our nest
inur - yuar Review". Mr. Broaddus in spreading the word about IFSB.
DIANA MICHANAN, Rep. lowanOberined a new member, and has clippings she is.
tends is erred in to IFSB.
GAIL SPRAGUE, Rep. Wisconsin-Gul is quite the cartoonist. She sent in a cartoo
ur us orhot really made the International Staff roll off their chairs. She showed the parlo
from. Look at my clean rug.
'' She also sent us a fine poem that appeers in this issue. Gail
abrained a now member for us also. She sure is showing fine interes
"=:=
ALLAN LEVINSKY, Rep. Maine-Claims that very lew people are secing sucers in
Maine. Is doing his best i0 ger people interesend in lESt.
ROBERT R. RITTER, Kep. Tennese-Chalks up another member for IFSB.
LUIS LUHRING. Rep. Puerto Rico Mr. Luhring has sent us numerous clippings from
Puerto krio about saucers. He plans to get as many peopie as possible to join IFSB. He
says that the interest in saucers is as great in Puerto Rico us anyplace else
S. L. DAW, Rep. Washington, D.C.—We are happy to have for our representative in 5.
Washungton, D.C., the first member of the clergy, Reverend Daw, Mr. Daw, as he preter
10 be calleu by club members, is doing great work for IPSB. We are anxiously awaiting
10 set his actual photos of saucers, that he took himself.
RONALD KINNEAR, Rep. New York-Touk upon himself to advertise in his own
state and had so post cards princed and plans to mail them our, in his sate.
mercinat, that we
i re us being a rep so fee do uno eat sere tonibly report o
SNE 1M (111 simi6.
dirt

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2333, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"MY THEORY".
by 1F58 Mambors
THEORT NO. & submitted by BARBARA KVORR, Moraber from Connecticut
solar Syalem.
haps plant life, but aot hurren.
beings themselmen.
THEORY NO. I-Submitted by Represenlame LOUIE MASONICK, JR., of Minnesota
My theory is one mox IPSB members enem to have. Pirat, I believe they are from an.
other planet. All those stars must have someshing going around them. All those celestial
bodies must be up there for some reson, besides to look al. Then, elso, they may even
be fram our Soler System.
I do not think an official ageruy ui our goverament should come out and sey-"oe
THEORY NO. B-Submitted by Reprenaive ALAN RIEVMAN of Connecticut
My theory on the origin of the dying saucer" is that they are dehnitely redi an
are from one of the planets of our Solar Sysem. I do not believe that they are from one ol
the other Solar Systems. These "neighbun"
"probably though thar our planet could not have
intelligent life upon it, but with the his donic explosion they may have changed their
minds.
I am sure that they are not from Earth because if they were ours it would be impos.
sible to keep it quiet and if they were irom a forrign government they wouldn't be fying
over sher Uruled States. They would nsk being shot down and their secret revealed to us.
THEY NO. 9 Submitted by Representin VICTOR ROOT alalllinois
My theory is that the "Aying swers" are manned ships controlled and operaied b
inteltizent creatures who are scouling our murld. They will not try to make contact witi
us for many reasons. One is that me are lou warlike and emotional. Another is that we
have disceses which may harm or even kill them. Same dey when we reach out and touch
the planets que may meet them. A rous of inselligent creatures other than ourselves, cer"
mainly does exist.
1HEORY NO. 10-Submitted by Al. 1V STAZER, Member from California
I think that the "Aying sauess are from che solas system of ALPHA or PROXIMA
CENTUARI. Most likely the 3rd or 41h planet. The planet is probably abour 4000 miles
in diameter and iwo-thirds as big as the earth. Son other reasons are that Centauri is too
lar distant for observation of such a small body as a planet. This star is of about the seme
size and the same spectral, type. GO, as the Sun. Editor's Note: WOW1
All bearies become she properly of IFSB and cannos be resurneed

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 2817, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LACE REVIEW
SCIENCE FICTION NEWS
or Root
, Illinois Rep, aí IPSB, bes
ience-Fiction mags for sale, or free
inge. He is selling them for a rese
rite to IFSB for addrezs
The DECEMBER, 1932, issue of YATE
regazine il a mux to ali IPSB mmaber:
no ofhcers, it contains en urticle by Cus
11 Fuller, entitled,
"Let's Get
Straight
About the Saucers." A complere drea
Mury of the incident of the scoura
des rihed in our January issue, is diecomed
KEEP UP TO
DATE ON
THI
SAUCERS. Write 10 M06 Dempsier Screet.
transion, Illinors
New Pocker Bowk, on Stands: Dell No
627,
When Worlds Collide" by Phobif
Wylie and Edwin Balmer. Pocket Boo
No. 9p4, "New Tales of Space and Time".
iNstral by Raymond J. Healy.
Thanks to Ray Painer for our letter in
the December issue of "Other Maradi
Flask Publishing Co., 806 Dempsees Se..
Evansson, Illinois. Let's subscribe.
NEW BOOK BY
VIKING PRESS
''A,ross the Space Frontier",
; edired by
Cornelius Ryan, $3.95, Viking, New York
RANDOM HOUSE HAS DONE IT
AGAIN WITH: "By Space Ship to the
Moon,
, written by Jack Corgina and
Fletcher Pratt, foreword by Willy Ley. $1.
SCIENCE FICTION NEWS-LETTER,
by our Council Member, "Bob" Tucker,
P.O. Hus TU2, Bioomington, Illinois.
THE UNITED STATES ROCKET SO.
CIETY, Box 24, Glen Ellyn, Illinois.
Hollywood is coming out
good movies: "War of the Worlds" and
The Conquest of Space.
SAUCER REVIEW, by Elliott Roc
nore, a member of our Council, P.O. Bos
/ It, Wall Sc. Station, New York 3, N.Y.
Contes of tape recordess or tire se.
corders: Join T.R.I. (Tepe-respondence
Interneronet. Send your roice lo your cor.
respondents) 3488-22ad Se., San Fres.
into 10, Calir.
BORDERLAND SCIENCES RE.
SEARCH ASSOCIATES located a 3324
Ademe Ave., Sen Diego 16, California,
would like to have IFSB members join
their society...
?::
Many new Science Fiction Mags are hit-
ring the acosslands and some are food
while others are the usual run. A few of
he better ones are: Tops in SF; Scienc
Fiction Quarterly and Fantastic
Toro good S-f books: "Robots Have No
Tails by Lewis Padgett end "Player Pi-
ano" by Kurt Vonnegur. Both humorous
The officers of IFSB are planning on is.
suing e 12-pagt booklet sometime next
year with a complete record on all saucer
reports that they now have collected. This
bookiet will nor be a regular issue of
, bul a separae issue and
dent, Mr. Bender, will write the foreword
with comments throughout by officiais of
IFSB. The booklet will be entitied: 11Sb
REPORTS ON THE SAUCERS. If inter-
ested, write!
We would like members and officers to
end in snapshots of themselves so that
when the time comes for us to print pIc.
tures in Space Review, me will have the
photos available.
MENTION "SPACE REVIEW when
writing to any of above mentioned pub.
Irations.
This page will be eliminated in fulun
wues, and will be replaced by articles on

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 2682, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"E REVIEW
EDITORIAL
In 1492 Columbus disconered a new would after traveling thouseade of miles ecros
the great spense of unknowa meters called the Allaotk Ocean. It was a greet adreature.
yet one it
a mes laughed e, ridiculed, end enro spoke of as a "folly".
Hert was a small group of men searching for whet lay beyond the known, endestor.
ing to unfold the mysieries of lands thes were not supposed to exis. All they had west
three amell ships laden with provisions the dory estimaled would let the journey. i
The sees wese infested with monsters, to the skeptice said, and the world was dai
with a dropping off piace. Columbis proved those fallacies to be aront, when he landed
in the West Indies.
The years directly shead of us will ace saceber great adreature much as this. A anall
group of men will essemble in a certain dergrated place, dies into theis ship, a ship
vastly different ihan that of Columbur's time. This ship will be a rocket shop, and its or.
cupants will shoor off into the vasi red of space to find not morlds, new peoples, and
now frontiers.
They will be laughed at, they will be ridiculed, and the whole rhing will be called
the greatest "folly" en earth, bus will o be such? Tinx her proven ther imposcibilities
become realities-ete automobile, the airpienc, radio, relepborse, telegrapt, telerision,
and the meshing of the atom are defause proof. All is posubk to vex sto belicres, - and
I am a sound believer!
FROM THE ASSOCIATE EDITOR'S DESK :.
The mysteries of space have lon, 'escinated mox people on carth. One need not be
- auronomes to gaze in see at the mint which unfolds befoit the eyes as me gaze sky
*..' in any clear night.
¡he renness of space is diltruis to explain, ever los astronomers. When distances
air soden of it is simpler for learned men to use the term "fight years" than miles. The
aunter of celestial bodies suspended in space like our own earth art unknown. The
purger are from millions on up. He dey romein just that—guesses.;
". who make our home on a mere cinder of metter in the eyes of space, cannot be,
naive morich to think that intelligent life exists only here. Those who beliere inat there
is a purpose for everything which happens, should agree thar shese millions of bodies in
spa. e must serve more of a purpose than jun twinkling brightly on a clear night..
Published quarterly by Alivert K. Bendes, Edicor; Max Krengel, Associate Editor; Priated
by Reliable Press, Bridgepori, Conn. Subscription Price: four issues, 10 members, $1.00;
1o non members, $1.40 per year. Individual copies $.33. Exclusive publication of the IFSB.
P.O. Hux 241, Bridgepors 2, Conn., U.S.A. Send ell news and articles to this address.

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 2605, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
infr
• SUTTON, WEST VIRGINIA MONSTER MAY BE
"COLLIER'S" ROCKETI"
Rov. S. L. Dom, Westlogton, D.C, Raprosentattro, 13u
I ha
the piait
ere one landed in Charlesion,
er one landed in Chard fine er in a also tapedo i real.
I sen and falked to a police officer who was burned by one in Wheeling, West Virginis
My orin cousin was the doctor who treated him.
l attempted to phorograph one going over Melessa Pass, 3000 leet up in the Blue
Ricke moundina, do mas dia beight of 2900 feet at Wahale Glen just directly opposite:
from Melessa Pees. The picture was nor ios good due ta the mist from the mountaíns.".
; The object that landed ar Charleston, Wes Virginia was described as a large metal
Awarding to the Washingion Deity News, the monsier seen a Sutton, West Virgiair
could to the rocket described in Collier a magazine. Tre picture on the cover of ité mago.
xine shows a sphere-beaded, wide borrored, tank bellied rocket craft spewing out burning
Maimed to have seen: An abides mated a 10 the aton. The Wes Virginis peopl
"An object estimaled a 10 feet tail, four feet wide at the botton
did i le ahape of a man. Two lights Mashed from side to side, the machine made a noise
like fus escaping, and a sharp sckenu; intr nas shout." Sounds someshat the same.
The United States may he exper manne with something that the public is not sware
of, and it is doing its best to keep il a our The age of rocket ships is just around the
COrDer.
CIVILIAN SAUCER INVESTIGATION OF NEW ZEALAND
CONTACTS IFSB
The Civilian Saucer Invergamn of Nro Zedend was set up in New Zealand on
Atober 13, 1991. They pian lo peure or disapprove the existence ol saucers, it has mu
fliation with the Government the armed fories, or to any society to which its member
may belong. Mosi of the memiar have been wudying liying mucer reports for at leas
• J. Levars, a member
of the Territorial Air Force, shu re the secretany of CSi of NZ: Mr. G. M. Gilmore, avia-
tion engincering inspector: D. Lavaris, e stucre rudying for a science degree; and E. J.
Greaper, an astronomer and engineer.
Aims of the committee air to correspond with kindred bodies overseas, and to ulti-
mately find the origin of fying we. ers and shees unparison., s
Mr. 13. H. Fulton, and Mr. R I. Lasaru lure been made members of the Internatione
Council of IFSH. We home to establish irrah, alations with this sowiety and get a rep
antarise in New Zealand. CSI sei to If3!' • large map of New Zealand showing all i
spots whie sucers have bur sighide. dad so of ew Zealand the best of lac
on this will be made in our next 155ut..
Tand hore they will be a suxiess.

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 497, "chars": 3225, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
s° 79 REVIEW
SAUCERS IN THE NEWS
• MALAGUEZ, PURiTO RICO, Oc. 3, 1992-
WASHINGTON, D.C, Oct. 16, 1992÷Tox
Strange objects were sighted by too per-
• Nevy snoounced that it launched roctarts
sons in Mayaguez on Ort. 3, they were,
from fient belloons, high abore the Nort
cruising i st and sere red in color. le was
seavengactic Pole, and sent them to elis.
about 10;
0 p.m. when they evere rigtted
rudes ai about 40 miles. The bailoons were
NONDATIND SPEDEN, O1. 13, 19321,
as tail as a 10-story building.
During Ortober the Nonverian Govern.
PARIS, FRANCE, Ort 7, 1992 - A Lying
ment aisied that a strange object resemb.
yucer was sighted over southern France
ling & saurer landed on Norwegian soil.
by too Air france pilots.
verman experts die cuiming thai the de
vices are of Russian origin, and the des
WESTZRN KOREA FRONT, Oct. 29, 1932
cription given by Norway hts the descrip-
;-U.S. troops saw a half-dozen mysterious
sion given by German experts. Stockholm,"
spark-throwing "cartebechs" oves the wet.
Seeden, has also been sighting strange.
tern front of Kores. They were as the eye
objects.
vees, 18 inches in diachetes, moving in t
1s-foox circle. " :
MELBOUANE, AUSTRALIA, Sept. 13, 1982
-A roung womai sighted a noiseles
GAILLAC,
• SOUTH OF FRiNCE, ON. 29,
green hall flying ton fast to he a plane or d
1952 - For the serond time in two weeks
melcor. She said in unselled like a rorten
20 townspeople of Gaillac soo a series of
*BA.
STUTTGART. GrameNY, Nov. 1, 1952 --
-Ar the recen rearring of the third Inter.
rational Astronatial Congress in Ger-
mady where 200 mirentists from 12 coun-
tries fathered they saled that saucers art
not from Mars or any other planet. Tary
said shry are merely optical and erst
put dismans.
• "a
1i. 4411 NEw YORK—A terrib air
anir. There were no planes tround or
« teduled at that time, '
• 1. 1092
INIERNATHINAL AIRPOXT, NEW YORK.
Ur. 16.1992-1 blue flame flashed over
Interatunal Airport at 7:33 p.m. it was
a bary wall-like object. Hayden Plencts...
pror oh ill stated it may have bees the
per inal on i trieteot.
Timitra, YoRK, ENGLAND, Sepe 20.
ly52--Durung exercise
• "Mainhrer" RAF
iloes mphred a abite object as 13,00l
ret. The abject mes silver in color and
circular. It maintained a slow forward
speed before beginning to descend, soing.
up like a pendulum, It lolinwed the air
raft, revolyca on lis ovin AXIs d
times.
and then took off
grouped arouno smaching that looker
like a giant lyiog cigar. As the object
passed
overhead they les fall a sort of
tring of briphe ahme threads, which set.
fled genuly on tress and telephone liner.
Wlien the
vy meted to cied police then p.
pixed up some of the thread said: "!
soled loke glame wool and it melted awa
almost at soon as it was couched.".
OLORON, FRANCE, Ort. 17, 1932-About
a dozen people. including a schoolmaster,
ww flying saucers surrounding a long cigar
like abject Bying through a clear sly at
about 6,000 fest..
NEW ZEALAND The clippings and star.
ies from New Zealand are swamping our
office and are so numerous that te must
devote a whole page to them in qui April
For more derailed information on any ,
of sbe abort, please write so IFSB
Please dule your slippings bat you send
lo us, and nose ibe ronice.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 568, "chars": 3456, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Spar Revieu tu
1-76.
Copyright 1953 by ALBERT K. BENDEX
VOL: II, No. I
• January, 1933
:: Bridgeport, Conn.. U.S.A.
IFSE OF FRITAIN ORGANIZES
FRANKUN, INDIANA JOINS EN MASSE
Cap
E. L. Plankers Appoinied
baumei Man end Puble Offriels join
iritist Represenialive.
IFSB. To Form Ouin Cily Group.
The IFSB has finally been organized in:
The City of Franklin, Indiana, has gone
Great Britain with retircu Capt. E, L. Plun-
out fully for the IFSE and is now the only
• kett, of the ich Army as British Represen-
sity in the world thai has the most mem.
tative. Mr. Plundeit resides at 71 Ched.
hess 'in our organization.
Inrough the
worth Rd., Hornelf, Bristol 7, England.
areal effors and work of Mr. Louis Frabm,
Dems, son of Mr. Plunkeil, is the assistant
Trusiness man; Mr. Jack W. Moore, police.
represencative, but is now
serving his
man: Mr. Robert Wolf, civilian defense
country in the Royal Air Force.
director, and Mr. Dick Campbell, IFSB
Representative for Indiana, this great ac-
Rep. Plunkert has shown great interest
‹omplishment was made possible. At this
and foresight in forming the IFSB in the
publication, Franklin can ciaim 20 men-
British Isles. Numerous articles have ap
cre with len from nearly towns, giving
wared in icading newspapers through hus
¿ loial of 30. Since all this interest has been
iffons. He is planning on using local halls
aroused Mr. Frahm plans to form a city
"and auditoriunis to give lestures and stow
proup with their own chairman, secretary
fur withs he did talks at the ope
and
treasurer. Among the members you
also plans to give talks at the local
will find policemen, librarians, mechanics
he is ciut of the ally which is a semi-
onuit al pilois, husiness men, bus driv.
Mar veterans type al whicly
rs, sidents, ell. The group plans to pur.
Many people in the Brash loes nery
hass a 'elen ope of suitable power. In ad
contacted Mr. Plunkett slowing great er
Jation in this ihey plan to rig up a 3% *
terest in IF'» 'Mon of these prople dr.
*¼ Crearles samera with an optical type
very ¿farmed individudis suit ds ofilitts in
new tiniles and u reen door handle on each
the Armed Fores, members of the british
dr tur rest handing. Jhis is the squi
Inter-Planelary-Society,
Acro-Dynamists,
sent they p'lass io start with, Later, if t
newspaper reporters and flying sauer en.
nances permut, shey may build a portable
rauit set.
chusrasts..
Franklin: Indiana, end nearby sowns
At present
Mr. Plunkoti is holding
have been iortunar in having had at least
reckly meetings at his home, wire they
lous IFSB and Ayino saucers in generas
our sight by the frahm and T Moore.
witnessed Ly Mr
Fur further information about our Brit.
Keports of thes sightings are reviewed in
Representarve see page twelve of this
• his issue of Spale Revict.
ux
LUIS LUHRING NAMED
PUERTO RICAN REPRESENTATIVE
Mr. Luis Luhring of Punta Santiago,
Puerto Run, has airepicú the position of
Mepresentane los che istand of Puerto
Ku He will handle all IFSH business in
thas plane. Write do Box 23, Punta Santi-
apo. Puerto Rico. Mr. Lunring is a very
«spable man and will did the IFSB greatly.
OUR PRESIDENT, HEARS FROM
PROF. EINSTEIN
Mr. Al K. Hender, President of IFSB,
iecerved a letter irom Professor Einstein
with this anessage: "Having no experience
ael orily supert in knowledge in the held
al regret not to be able to comply with
vour requests." Mr. Bender wanted his i
upinion on the Mying sauiers. This was
hi Proteirs reply.
62-83894-336

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 202, "chars": 1374, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-7:
ALBERT K. BENDER
-Preader and Bore
MAX RENDEL: 7
Vicetter and Toro
+ FRED J. BENDER
+ Hiscordo
INTERNATIONAL
COUNCIL:
ROBERT N WEBSTER
VILSON -BOB- TUCKEI
Arhor-Edicer e
14 Solenca Newdro
¡Edian - Publisher 2
International lying amor Bureau
" All is possible
to one who believes
INTERNATI
a. 10x
October
26.
*$!
2952
•$!
STANLEY E CROUG
Titar. Science and
Debore Mascha «
FRANKLIN M DILTL. I.
alican and Prubleste
Scherna
MUTISH AEPABGENTATIVE
band Cops ad
Mr.
s. H.*Prahoo
349 a. deficisin
Franklin, Indiana:
Dear Mr Prates!
'unce again I au bappy to vrite to you aboutt
ti grow larger and strönger. " ra
work 1m belping 045 0784n
mortart
"le your last lotter you asked what course of
yuur Qlub should take in connection vith IISB.
vould austest, the Igllowings
{1 )
Appointia local Chairnes of the IPSB is
Franklin,
"Indiana.
Also appoint a
treasurer and secretary."
•LOC
¡Hold your seetings at"least
where you can discuss
saucer bappenings
club activities..
000 a local hail,
•OI
yet, bold the seetings at
each others
Il and wins you fore your ova city
certain portion of the club Desjership fe
any Do retained
by you to help your caus
Mr: dick Campbell; de en International 01t
in IPS and should be pald fuch
your gatherlags.
5)
No willi do any posti card
cards of sinilar size.
: (6
You can print your clubfact
keviev"
Got contributions eros, Jour sembers
,7932020

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 1152, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The
International Hying Saucer Burean
"''All li poseible to one cuto bellenes
ALBERT K BENDER
Poddess and Edien
MAX KRINGEL
"...
LLAN C REVILA
Sacmer
D. a BOX 311
RRTDCRRORT 2, 001
)II (
(8), Haport to IPSB all reporta end eightings 1a
your area..
Hoveror; Ilrat pat the sightings
before your group and les then judge whether
they are authentic or sot.
(9). Koop a recort of all elso donoers in your' area
and their activities un tai an IT3D in concerned.i.
(10). Corala il possible (merely a suggestion), " a tape l
recorder so tbat you can send actual voice to sa
IFSB beadquarters:
In this vay, I as Presidest, ?
could send nessages Ior you: to play.
¡at your local?
meetings.: In tbe Iuture I may
eyen Day your city
a visit and attendione of jour meetings./ 4
'aThese are aIl merely suggestiuns for" you to ponder, oper
and 11 you decide to adopt any of then please consult with
yiut Indiana Representitivo, Mr, Canpbell.': After you bave
this,
get in touch with me at sace.
4T.
sincerely hope that these sugsostions will help you
FIDg
Bone move as to what your local sroup will do,
Borerer booklas, Upi
Alhirt K Bender
Albert K. sender:
President

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 139, "chars": 868, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mer John Elgar Hoover
Few 24, 1453
Fedical Berean of Investjatin
washington, D.C.
I fear then. Hoose:
Flying блистеб?
This is fong sitter to your
A that i a fee, and to let aire
leake if suck tinomicion of mediage is to he scm,
lishid.
PuRpOSE:
I PLAN FOR BRINGING DOWN ONE of THe
STRANGE AIR VENKLES AS SIGHIED OVER JAPAN
AND ELSEWHERE IN THE WORLD; AND THEN
To BE STUDIED By OUR SCIENTISTS.
EQUIpMENT NEEDED:
1. GUIDEO MISSILEs, that may be quided from the
ground or a Mother
step or made to home an
these strange objects through Radar if Radis
A DEVICE
APOLD VENE
t 87yr: in Twilight.
Which when sighted from croung
Meerato of
these
"on' Darkness resembles.
Craft
7453.
1!0923
Sharpse
as to s
shape
HE 100EE
size
Lights
May be necessary
Balloon
THIS
15
'or
Use
Flying
tc
fic
fer-
the
Jet craft, Helicopter
a bish flying Zeptin
RECORDED; 91
nurn
PES. 1838943259 ach

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 106, "chars": 660, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3.
.)
Belus the Diecy" Highly acurere guns, cannors
other deressang siespons which are senstantly
4. Highly
Seeret and Stillid Personal=
To picient any leak as to plan; and able
Tu carry out sporation
to bo surcesstul
the trest trat it passite,
sind peroy ep di an Hren Knewn te haie
corrsestenly Seen
fliese stringe öbjects,
Sent
flyng petterns
Se that fur Crews Bole
are
alant to lit ye anstanteetcesly silen String
cratt-ippicales tu mapstigete cum Decay,
Decay and cir Ground operaturs should be
Aren where wi can retrieve the
Fallen injint.
cire fromm
of curse tit is
Is not emmadrately imperative.
Te Hellgeured College
hes Angeles, Calif,
• cnlig.:
•61

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 108, "chars": 738, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
october 28, 1052
Cincinnati 31, 0b10
Dear:
I sant to thank you for your letter and the
I have taken the liberty of sorparding a
copy of your letter and the encloaures thereto ta
the Departaent of the dir force, irassuch as the
matter referred
to in your lotter so within the
juriadiction of that Departsent.
Білсьто yours,
John Edgar dobbietu. or
Director
35
OC.[80 1952
137
N°
EX-j
Note:
The Recorde Section has been unable to locate a eross
reference on the rame
In view of the triforsation contained is.
the reference pill be pertinent in
this instan
This
action do
being taken to espedite the Bureau 'a reply
the
соттевропоеті.
file mentioned above concerns nune steôt reguesto.
•
8..
08 л.
UCT 2 • 1952
PANILED 25
67NOV 1019521 masa

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 2255, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
AND D FOrt Me Al
Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO
:. A HO DELMONDON
DATE: October 27, 1952
FROM : V. P. KEAY
SUBJECT: FLYING SAUCERS
Claer
Mart
SYNOPSIS:
Auton
Motor
AiT. Intelligence aduised of another creditable and
tria. in
unerpleinable
sighting of flying saucers.
Air Intelligence
Claracy.
still feels flying saucers are optical illugions or atmos:
přerical phenomena but sone kilitary officials are seriausly
(considering the possibility of interplanetary ships.
BACKGROUND:
you will recall that Air Intelligence has previously
kept the Bureau advised regarding developments pertaining to Air
Intelligence research on the flying saucer problem. Air Intelligence
has previously aduised that all research pertaining to this problem
is handled by the Air Technical Intelligence Center located at
#right-Patterson Air-Force Base, Dayton, Ohio; that approsinately
90 per cent of the reported sightings of flying saucers can be
discounted as products of the imagination and as erolainable objects
such as weather balloons, etc, but that a snail percentage oj
extremely creditable sightings have been unerplainable.
DETAILS:
colonel C. M. Young, Erecutive Officer to Major General
John de Sanford, Difector of Intelligence, Air forcemaquised on
october 23, 1952, that another recent extremely creditable sighting
had been reported to Air Intelligence.
A Navy photographer,
traveling across the
United States in his oun car, saw.
number of
objects in the sky which appeared to be flying saucers.
He took
approtimately thirty-five feet of motion-picture film of these
objects.
He voluntarily submitted the film to Air Intelligence who
studied by the Air Technical Intelligence Center.
Experts
at the Air Technical Intelligence Center have aduised that, ofter
careful studys
there were as many as twelue to siiteen flying objects
recorded on this film; that the possibility of weather balloons,
clouds or other explainable objects has been completely ruled out;
and that they are at a complete loss to erplain this most recent
creditable sighting.
The Air Technical Intelligence Center experts
nointed out that then could not be optical illusions inasmuch as
• optical illusions could not be recorded or film.
Ted: 838942323
» OCT 30 1952•
...

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 372, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nemo
to dr. A. H. Belmont
from
V. P. Keay
RE: FLYING SAUCERS
colonel Young aquised that Air Intelligence still feels
that the so-called
atmospherical phenomena.
dying saucers are either optical illusions or
He pointed out, hoveuer,-that-some
¡Military officials
seriously considering the possibility
interplanetary
ships.
ACTION:
моле.
This is for your information.
• -
2

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2562, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TANGAAD FOITH NO. BA
Office Memorandu • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO
• 19. 1. H. BELONG
DATE: October 8,n Zee?
I) SUBJECT: O
FLYING SAUCERS L
Reference is made to an article which appeared in
"The Wew Yorker" dated September 6, 1952, which is attached.
This axticle which was written by.
guis contained
inaccurate insornation regarding Fbi investigations, indi-ble
cating that the FBI conducts certain inquirios regarding
flying saucers at the request of the Air Force.
pointed out here that, although the Bureau did at one time
conduct some investigations regarding Jiying saucers, a
present agreement has been set up with the Air Force whereby
the dir Force conducts all investigations pertaining to flying
saucers and the Bureau, upon receiving complaints of this nature,
merely turns the complaints over to the Office of Special
Investigations (OSI), which in turn transmits the information
to Air Intelligence.
Air Intelligence has set up the Air
Technical Intelligence Center at Fright-patterson Air Force
Base, Dayton, Ohio, for the purpose of coordinating and handling
of research pertaining to flying saucers.
Inquiry was conducted in order to determine, 19
possible, the source for the information appearing in the
attached
article regarding FBI investigations. Iieutenant
Colonel L. L. Free in charge of the Espionage Branch,
/ Counter-Intelligence Division, Office of Special Investigations,
advised that no one in osi has been contactea our
.. ana ne
suggested direct contact by the Bureau Representative with
Air Intelligence to determine &f'
Shad been in touch with
bb
anyone in that organization in order to gather information for
his article.
colonel C. Lo Young, Erecutive Officer to Major
General John A.
that!
Sanford, Director of Air Intelligence, aduised
hae not contacted General Samford's office.
Colonel Younă also telephonically contacted Captain Ruppelt
of the dir Iechnical Intelligence Center, Fright-Patterson
Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio, on September 30, 1952.
Captain
Ruppelt aduised Colonel Young that they have never indicated
in any way to!
• that the FBI has an interest in flying
saucers.
Captain Ruppelt stated that the FBI to his knowledge
has never been called upon to surnish reports on flying saucers.
Ruppelt is under the impression that i
Fu made the story up liti
or picked it up from some magazine or newspaper article sometime
back.
Both Colonel Young and Captain Ruppelt are thoroughly
familiar with Bureau policy pertaining to flying saucers.
Attachments (2)
RECORDED - 116
+ 4283894-322
f00Sxx29135₺
..a:
13
hit

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2241, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Memorandum for Mr.
A. H. Belmont, 10/8/52
Colonel Young suggested that further contact be made with
Ir. Albert Chop of the Office of Public Information, Office of
the Secretary of Defense, who represents the Air Force in
public relations contacts pertaining to flying saucer matters.
Mr. Chor was contacted and aduised that he wos familiar
with the attached
"New forker" magazine article.
He advised
that die had gathered most of the material about two years ago
when considerable publicity regarding flying saucers had appeared
in neuspapers.
He does not know where
w. gathered the material
at that time but assumes that he gathered it from various sources.
such as other newspaper articles.
when the recent publicity
regarding flying saucers appeared in neuspapers, cuis renewed
his interest in flying saucers and attempted to bring his
article up to date. He contacted Mr. Chop for further current
information. Mr. Chop advised that he gave lang some routine
items of interest regarding flying saucer complaints and
investigations by the Air Force, but that he instructed
not to contact the Air Iechnical Intelligence Center for further
information from that source. Mr. Chop also advised that at
no time was the FBI mentioned and
that he has no idea where
•obtained the information appearing in his article concerring
FBI investigations.
Mr. Chop aduised that he is thoroughly
familiar with Bureau policy pertaining to flying saucer investi-
gations, and that he at no time has indicated to any uriter or
newspaper representative that the FBI conducts investigations
pertaining to flying saucers. Ir. Chop aduised that;
if the
Bureau desires, he would be glad to contacta
" to discreetly
determine where
• obtained his information indicating that the
FBI conducts investigations pertaining to flying saucers.
stated that he could make this contact without indicating in
lany way the Bureau has contacted him. He was aduised that his
offer of cooperation was appreciated, but that it was not
that he nate
such an inquiry at the present
time.
There is attached a current mimeographed form
: containing
current information regarding the whole flying saucer matter
which was turned over by Chop:
This is the information
which
= 2 -
*=
1 :
-

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 222, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
r % ; 4 ‘

Memcrandum for ir. A. H. Belmont, 10/8/52

ts ordinarily given to newspaper reporters or writers who
make ingutiry in the Office of Public Information.

ACTION:
None. For your information.
_—
a, )
jem *
wae
=
a

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 596, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Date:
To:
October 28, 1858
Director of specíal Investigatione
Ine Inspector General
Departaent of the dir Force
The Pentagon
Mashington 23, Do Co
John Edgar Hoover,
Director
RECOROLD - 143
federal
tureau of
Invertigation
subject: FLYING SATCERS
:
There are attached for your infornation
a copy of a delf-explanatory letter dated October 21,
1852, and the enclosures thereto, recalued by this
Bureau Sron l'T.
I'T.
→ has been aduleed that his letter
has been referred to your Lepartment.
fa bring toker, in tits natter du this Bureouo.
assistants
BHY: COM: MES
OCT2 • 1952
4283894716
TT NOV5 1959

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 70, "chars": 404, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Hotel
CAFETERIA STYL
WASHInGTOn D.C
18TH AND H.ST. N.W
PHONE NA 9216
21-10-57
Sear dira
On funday, " octobe,
was thing wards he is dre
when this piction ass cohere. With of
on the negatin and, sistine, would he
i thing of coldy, in some cite.
have noticet it.
If i could sm has heard anything
bout things" and affects, as count
send this to you, igord a doult set,
what, their like a ast could fi no. in

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 134, "chars": 1303, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
. . *
. . afeT
-, + _ a . at ‘ ~ x
‘ry 4 ' - | 5
: ee ff. \ ieee: wr 1 . 7
I : CrarCiMIVVATI 30 O Seay cra Le <
7 —_ i 4 af ri - r fs en Co ' ' ? - : nS 4 _" ren P Paar mon. - -
= ba t ~ + ty “ _ _. ; " . _ . ;
7, GO pTuMmRegul on . _
Zo -~cc .~
wa 7 ~
a >
—=— 4+ ™ = baa ‘
. . - ae DTM * -
: =" . -. - ~ ; =
- = > ~~ 3 , ee can _
' - . 7”
a . _ - i . hee . at
; ” ™ - ove ™ wat. a. of
. . . - :
" . ; ° a
Fy ee ere we a
* = _ 7 _ ; _— A,
" “oo —— ° — he woe ~ ty -
-  ! , i. OT Te ~ e ~.
, . . . -_ - r

. . a : aos “. . . a | - . - .
“ ~ rae a ld — - le en ee i Le
“oo : 4 & . a, ee - 7 aoe a ~~
; . . " ~ erlplideal ball} . ae ee Ee
. . * . = at 7" .
. . cy To

r : Monee 6 ST no” an ,
So ol pee a gh 8

| | yeh Bo A oP Mae goes.
aor + no ad, . ~ . : al “. ; - we

ra
“/~ r
1-4
*
r
i rt: : - ‘ ,
' . . . : . ‘ . 3 . an
. . 1 - ~~: co vt .
+ , .
™ .
= =m ete . ~ °
. 4 n :
. . = . - rey . . .
- . . . : . = .
. ; - . = 4 : . - hor - = Lon ;
. ” . . . 7 * me - 7 . . 7
; . . . . oa .
- : . * . . . 7. - in
- “moa - “- r 1 - .
. ot ome = - - - +
; - . + ee - we see a op
; - _ - at pial to ee am oa ee ' .
; - soe Sm pe a
or mae -
= —— —!2 _ . — - -_ Oe — = _ _— CT —— = - _ —.
=—— ee —--;-- ae ee ee ee Te _-—- - ae See ee ee - Te ee ee Te - ~ ~ , _ .
" a _ - 7 i . ls os a Z - - - + - on _ 7 — - -: _

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 92, "chars": 661, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8-360
Invoico of Contente fros
'NEDERAL BUREAU OF INVISTIGATION
ASHINGTON, D. C.
ato october 6, 195
Caso Beforences
Directorate oi spacial IIvORT
Department of the dir force, Tie Pentagon
"shineton, T. C
Atts u.
INVESTIGATIO" DE POSSIPIE
UNITENTIFIED FLYING OBJECI
Inst of Contonte
PC-33951DB
al through 06
• Il through 13
Mr
497363
GAT 03 1952
/
Mr.
REGT. TE &D NAIL
662.13:94.
DO MAR &
SPICIAL INSTRUCTIÓNS: / StAd Room, place
date
as abipment and ragintry number: Shipping Room,
date of abipment and initial thia inroice;:
ratura lt to pernos »bore numé in edectoá ia
right.
After
cheeked name bao
bees initialled, lavoice abould be placed la admisistrativa

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 157, "chars": 1107, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE • •
HEADQUARTERS UNITED STATES AIR FORCE
WASHINGTON 25, D. C.
30 September 1952
Recd from Amitengence
10i52 mo
MEMORANDUM FOR:
SUBJECT: Corments on Article in The NEW YORFE?
A call was made to the Air Technical Intelligence Center,
1330 this date, (Captain Ruppelt) regarding
the attached article.
....!
2.
ATIC did not in any way indicate to !
that the
an interest in flying saucers.
Furthermore, Captain
Puppet stated that the bIto his knowledge has never haen called 66 i
upon to furnish reports on flying saucers. ATIC is under the
impression that i
made the story up or picked it up from
a nagazine or newspaper article sometime back that definitely
was not associated with their organization.
AtIC suggests that you check further with MI. Al Chop,
office of Public Infornation, and perhaps he can supply you with
the information you have requested.
1 Incl:
Article IT NEN YORKER,
atd Sept 6, 1952
Colonel, USAF
chiel, Policy & Vanagement Grou
Directorate of Intelligenc
il'
UNRECORLED COFY FILED IN
10 - 50
HECURE:
170
16283897-370
, ост. 1412.3
60 001 2915*
en namateri
1

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1828, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
OFFICE OF PUBLIC INFORMATION
WASHINGTON 25, D.C.
secd town lus
Albert Chop
fice 73 = 1014852
ywo
The following Infontation concerning Air Force investigations of unusual
serial phenomena 1e submittod in ansrer to your requeat.
In the Fall of 1947 the United States Alr Force took official notice of
reports of so-called "flying saucers" because the reporta from the publio
Indicated that the problem night be related to the Air force respongibility Ior
On Docembor 30, 1947 the Air Force directed its ALI Materlel Conmand, at
Wright-Patterson Air Force Baso, Daytons"Flying saucer" sightings.
Ohio, to bot up a project to coliect and
evaluato all available facto concerning
To perform this task the Alr Materlel Cormand obtained the serrices of
civillan and milltary astronauers, psychologisto, bloctronio specialists,
meteorologieta, aeronautical engineors, and physicists.
On December 27, 1949, after 375 roported sightines had been invostigated, the
Air force, with the concurrence of the Army and the Navy, announced the findinge
of the "flying saucer" project.
The evidence at that time indicated that the najority of the reports oi
unidentified flying objecta could be accounted for as misinterpretationa of
parlous conventional objecta, a mila form of hystoría, meteorologioal phenomena,
light aberrations, or boses.
Thore renalned, boveror, a number of unexplained sightings, and the Alt
Force has continued Its Inpestigations Imaruch as it is an Air Force responsi-
Bility to identlfy and analyze aorial phonomens that could poasibly be a menace
to the United States.
Subsequent to December 1949, these investigations have been conducted as
a normal intelligence function, retror than a special project, by tha Alr
Technical Intelligence Centor, Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, Dayton, Ohio.
370

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2811, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
To dato, the All Force has undertaken to Investigate and analyze about
1500 reporta dealing with these phenomena. As beforo, most of the roports were
Identifled and disposed si as friendly aircraft erronoously reported, known
electronio and meteorological phenogena, light aberrations, hoaxes, and other
known natural occurrences or man-zade objects.
The unexplained reports, howorer, which are In the order of 20 percent of
the total, cannot be definitely associated with these fomillar things.
DIfficulty in Evaluating Reports
The difficulty in disposing of these unexplained roporte ia based largoly
upon the insufficiency of accurate basio data such do gizo, shapo, composition
and flight charactoristice (speed, acceloration, altitudo, exact maneuver pattern,
etc.) of the objects.
Although some instruments which are useful in obtaining more accurate data
of this type have been available, tho reports based on sightinge with thege
Instruments have been very infrequent and comprise an oxtrenoly omall percentage
of the total.
Moreover, oven these reports have not included much of the
information required.
Because of tho inadoquacy of this baale data, the Air Forco has in the past
devoted its efforts primarily to determining whether these unexplained sightings
indicated the exietenco of a menace to the unitod Statos. Initially it was
believed thet some pattern might evolve from the study of a large volumo of
reports. To dato, no pattern has materialized to reveal anything whatsoever
which can be interpretod as indicative of purpose or consistency or which can be
sightings persist, the Air Force will continue its invostigatione, giving the
problem adequate but not frantie attontion.
It is now felt, however, that roports from poople whose training and
experience in observing acrial objects qualify them to obtain easontial data
are the only ones likoly to produco matoríal suitablo for eystematic analysis.
The Air Force 18 planning to provido adaitional toole to help theso observors
obtein the basic data it neods.
Reports of similar phenomena go back to Biblical times, There have boen
flurries of ther in various centurios.
The current series of sightings began
generally in 1945.
There aro many reasons why the volumo of these reporte has increased
materially during tho pant fow years. Aorial activity originated by mon nae
increased, and poople today have a greater curiosity about thia activity thar
before.
provide an incentivo for reporting unusual obsorvations, for publicizing them
and for rocording them.
However, the ability to mezeuro these phenomona doce
not soen to have advanced in stop with opportunities for obsorving them.
Tho
_Air Force bolleyes that moat of theso phenomena will gradually bo understood
as more is known about occurrences in the upper atmosphoro.
- 2 =

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2565, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Source of Roports
The enjority of reporte of gerial phonomona havo come from civilians, About
8 percont como from civil airlinos pllota, whilo approximately 25 porcont aro
reported by militery personnol. Roporte havo boon roceived also from hig ly
qualified sciontists.
Although prinary eignificanco le attachod to reporia Irom
qualiflod oboorvors, thero is no intention to discrodit untrainod observo:».
Redar Sightinge
Tho Air Force has rocoived many roporte of unusual imagoe on radar acopo.
It 1s falrly well cotablished that sono of theao images are ground objocts
reflocted from a layor of warm air above the carth (e temporature invorsion).
Tomporaturo inveroion rofloctiona can givo a return on a radar scopo that
is as sharp as that received Iron an aircraft, Spoed ranges of theno returns
are roportedly from zoro to fantaotio spoods. The "objocte" aleo appear to novo
in all directions.
Such radar sightings havo resultod in hundrede of fruitlose intercept
efforts.
Ono eciontifie theory holds that light can bo similarly reflected from a
layer of warn air abovo the earth and, if provon to be corroct, this could
account for somo visual sightingo.
Bearing out the theory of tomporaturo inversion reflection le an Incidont
which occurred in January 1951 near Oakridgo, Jennosaco. Iwo Air Force aircraft
attempted to intorcept an unidentified "objoct" and actually established a radar
"lock" on the object. Incir altitudo at the time was 7,000 fect. The unidentiiia
object, according to
thair radar, appared to be at an clevation of ton to 25
degrees. Throe passco were made in an attempt to clone on tho objoct. In cacn
Instanco the pilote roported that their radar led thon first upward and thon
down toward o apecific point on tho ground.
Ionized cloude are believed to bo the causo of gome unidentifiod radar
retirns.
Thunderstorm activity 1a Idontifiable by radar, and radar 1a wood foI
the purpose of avolding thundoratorms. In addition, radar has picked up many
objecte first roportod as "unidentifiod phenomona" which woro lator Identifled
as aircraft, birda, balloons, ice formationa in tho ali, or othor known aerial
7 Policy Regarding Attemptod Intorcoption
No ordors have been leouod by the Alr Defendo Command to Ito fightor units
to tiro on unidentified aerial phenomena.
Tho Air Defonse Coumand is chargod
with air defenso of the Unitod Stated, and its misaion 1a to attack anything
airborno which 10 imora or appouro to be bootile. Ihio ohould not bo intorproted
to boan that our piloto will firo haphorardiy on anythine that flies.
-3-
8

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2639, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Attempto at intorception cro not made ovory tino that wi wintificd imageo
appoar brictly on an Air Force radar scopo. Current Air Force intercoptora aro
short-range, short-duration, hich-apocd aircraft and con Do omployed most
offoctively whon it io poseitlo to track a targot by vinual or radar moans
no that ita position in the air at somo futuro timo may be prodictod vith a
roasonablo dugroo ol accuracy.
Mothods of Evilucting
The first etcp In oraluating alchtinge of ungual aorial phonogone is to
colloct ell evailablo data end check it againot imon airborne objocto such ea
balloond, aircraft, miosiles, cotcors, and westhor phenorona. If otill uncaplagned,
reports Ira rollable Bource, bith afficiont detailo, are turnad ovcr to
specicliste in various ociontifie fielda Ior further anclya1s.
Future Plane for Freluating
As etatod cariter, there is a nodd for botter ruparto frar trained obaurvers
voing adequate cquipmont.
Ihe Air Forco intondo to implement ita present study
with instruents whorovor possiblo.
The recont dorclopmort of apocial photographic equipment may mato it posaiblo
to gethor data hithorto unobtainablo through ordinary photographic methode. This
equipient consists of a diffraction grating concra which deparatoo 11cht into ita
camponont parto (spoctrus) and rodistora then on fila, The principlo Involvod 1s
that wood by astronomero in dotermining the composition oi tho stard.
mennor Mir Forco eciontioto Eny bo ablo to dotorinu the charactoristico of the
phunomon: and outacquently Identify the bourco.
Ansthor proposal Involveo tho une of a continuubly operating Schmidt
telescope quipped with i cancis.
This teloscopo hes a wide aperture lena and
is capable si coverine a cano si 150 degroco or nearly the whole sly Iron horizon
to horizon.
This equipront vill rake it pocoibio to got on a series of photo-
graphic pintoo e completo record of what happone in the sly at richt.
What "Szucerg" Are Not
The Air Force has stated in the poot, and ronffirme at tho prosont tino, that
thoso unidentified crill phonomena are ust a sucret weapon, niacilo or aircrait,
devolopod by tho Unitod States.
I'one of the three military acpartionts nor any
other agoncy in the govormment lo conductine experimonto, clansifiod or othurwino,
with Ilying objects waich could be a bodie for the ruportod phonstona, As Icr ca
is known there 1s nothing in then thut 1e associatod with retoriol or vohicica
that are diroctod agrinat thu Unitud Stateo, Irai another country or tran other
plancto.
Your interest in this mittor 10 proutly approciotad. Picaso call upon us 1t
no may bo of furthur dervico.
Sinccruly youro,
-
-
. =

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 698, "chars": 4321, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
". the !
with such problems as the desclop-
ment of guided missiles in supersonic
craft, the rigging upef radar networks,
and its controversy with the Ning wer
unification, found itself confronsal to
another, birl complerst ditterene, heard-
ache-ei, Hying suer. People in every
section
Er the
country were
Strange ohjects that streaked across the
sky at tremenlous specia, an while
these people, who included such prai-
ticed students of the heavens as air-
plane pilots, farmers, andehe Lieutenant
Governor of Idaho, were not ale er
identify the things they had scen, they
were able to describe them vividly and
unforgettably: The newspaper called
the first of these mysterions objects a
fying sucer, taking their cue from the
man she reporteel having son it and
whis destibid it i won clikr, and the
name stuck, althougla later people re-
ported secing things that lonkral like fly-
ing chromiun hubcaps, flying dimes,
Aying teardrops, Asing paliches, Aying
ice-cream cones, and fling pie plates.
As mure and more curious things were
seen in the skies, cation, quizzical
editorials began to appear on the popcs,
and the P'resident and mambo- of Con-
gress receive a deluge of letters she-
manding an explanation. Many of the
letter writers had concluded that the
objects, whaterer they mighs de, were
mammed by Kussians, amal that as wom
ciently, they would return londed with
atonic hombs, Others thought the carth
was being visited by spar ships from
another planet. Still others suspected
that our eun Air Porco was scretly
resting some new form of aircraft.
Everyone agreed, huwever,
that it
was up to the Air force, as the cus-
todian of our welkin, to explain che
Aying objects and, if necessary, to ropel
them. The result was the launching
by the Air Force, on January 22, 1948
of a special investigation, an indrstiga-
tien that, though it des reached pin-
trous conchasions, is vill mader sag
and has for do pour the potole mined int
rest..
It appears that, aside frown slee hope
of reassugng a jirtery populace, che Air
Force, in embarking upon chis ander-
taking, had any or all of three things
in mind. it may well hare shareed tic
civilian concern over what, if anything,
the Russians might have n do with the
reported phenomena, and it may even
have felt that to insure a thoroughguing
REPORTER AT FARGE
SOMETHING IN THE SKY
Inf the Air Nfaróriel Comma
and its hase was, and is, at Wright Fic
intestigaton there was certainly no
Dayton, Ohio. The projess's task rurr
haras in assuming for the mannent that
out to involve a mixture of old-fashion
the era i interplanetary travel bad
derection, scientife analysis, puhlic re
arrived
and the carth
had become
tions, and the sudy of a widespr
an objectise for journeys from clic-
start of minl. In December, 19.
where in ehe solar epstein. O)r---and this
after cherking, over a perind of
would not necessarily exclude the frst
years, three hundred and seventy-f
turn considerations—the Air Force may
reports of intruciers in the sky, the
have be a setting up a smode sircen to
Force publicly called it quits, but Proj
protect, in the interest of natimal seen-
Saucer was not actually dishanded. A
rit!, the scaret of sune experimental fly-
timal sccurity, the Air Force announ
ing objects of its nwn that only a trusted
at the time, was not endangered. 1
fest of its members knew ahout. What-
Aying saucers were apparitions, it mi
ever the purpose, the investigation, with
all attributahle either to a failure
which I have been in much from tine
recognize conventional objects,
"he scenal ben exhaustive.
hoaxes, or in a mill form of mass h
Air Force personnel originally
teria. The Air Force, however, did i
assigner in it was later augmented by
let the matter rest there.
astronomers, psychologises, physicists,
Nor long after the apparent dem
meterologies, phosicians, and ropire of P'rogret Sorer, I had a talk in Wa
vitatise of i till. The insestiga.
ingrom with Brigadher Cirneral Ern
tion, which sum became popularly Moore, then chief of Air force I
king a Project Sancer, was first celligence, in the course of which
headed by Taentenant Crenerad Bondo made four categorical statements li
min I. Chidlan, Commanding Gen- I felt sure he had made many times I
Clinted from The NEW YORKER
Sentember 6, 1952
nares 64 throuch 82
page 62
:
".
....:.
=.
..

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 615, "chars": 3652, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
madm
hare nothing to de
of Juille, disclosco that
if he
saucers; I'll swear 1 ....es, a stack of had seen a comet-shapca anjece miling
Bibles, if you like.
Sor
" we don't
over the western part of thr
}. It
secret nell thy s of aircraft
finally dipped below the ho.
ili, he
that could have started all this commo-
said. (Later on, the personnel of Proj-
tion. Third, nobody, in our opinioss, has
ect Saucer decided that the Lieutenant
planet.
Face is perfume me inher
Governor had heen looking at either
Saturn or Mercury:) Four cops in Port-
gators learned has been made available
Oregon, taw a group of dises
go the public."
*thing, disparing, and reappear.
THE fist saucer inchient maureed
Repares of other phenomena having
on the afternoon of Tune 24, 1947,
been seen in the skies appeared in the
when Kenneth Arnold, em a business
papers almost daily: Two Army officers
trip for a Boisc, Idaha, firm that makes
at Fort Richardson, Alaska, repreca
hre-control cumpment, was hyung his
pring a spherical object Asing though
private plane from Chehalis, Washing-
the air at incredible spece and loar-
ton, in Yakima, Washington. The re-
ing no taper trail; some fishermen off
fection of a bright Hash on one wing
Newfoundland sau a serics of acrial
caught his ere.
He turned and, at a
Anshics, silver to reddis in color; a lady
distance he thought was about twenty
in Oregon watched a group of saucers
miles, car what he tonk to he nine tail-
spell cuit "prli-l'-s-1,"
and alerted her
less aircraft healing toward Minuns
neighbors to the presence of forcign
Rainies. "Lonel wer their putline suite
agon practing a dered done in our
plainly again the soon;" Air Lone
Intelligener quoted hi
as saying.
saucer "the bulk of six 13-39;" and
"They few very close to the mountain-
a prospector in the Cascade Noun-
tops, directly such to southeast, down
tains of Oregon say six sucers in a
che hugs hack of the range, agg nke
group, hanking in the sun—"round,
rees", in a diagonal, chaintike line, as
silent, and not Aring in formation." On
if they were linked dogether... a chain
the Fourth of July, there were twcive
of streetlike shings it lead fire miles
reports of sincers in widely sparatee
long, swerving in and one of the high
part of the United States.
One of
mountain peats. Micy were flat... and
these saucers, sighted at Treaton, New
en shiny that they reflected
Jersey, was traced
to a
the sun like a mirror." Ar-
firewunks display. Dr. Paul
mold sid he patched the
Fits, an Ohio State Uni-
saucers for thres minutes
Persity prychologiss who
aul estimated their speed at
wis for a time attached to
abrant twelve hundred miles
an hour.
Air
Frice technicians,
consulted
la newspaper-
men, said that any objert
jumps
thitt
moring that fast would be
invisible to the naked eye at
Arnold's estimated distance.
The press sinfled at Ar-
makd's story, and he was re-
sentful. "Even if I sec a
ren-story bunding frug
through the air, I won't
sly a sore about it," he de-
clared, and won de got
donk so Hasis le argued series of car-
frinn
time
lions
mannetils.
azint called f'ali.
No suiter were the sheptical news-
paper accounts printed than dozens of
RON the heginning, the officers in
people turned up with similar re-
charge of Project Sincer reingnized
ports. Another resident of Boiw spotted
a peculiar difficuley in their assignment.
a dise over that city, "a half circle in
"If you look out the window and see
shape, clinging to a cloud and just as
something, how can I prove or disprore
bright and silvery-looking as a mirror
what it was if I didn't see it and you
caught in the rugs of the sun." Licu- can't tell me much about what you
nage 64

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 487, "chars": 2916, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
neman. chunyct...
"Vietrola"45
plonograph,
AC. "Golden Throad"
31.95
(appraird list price)
• Playe up to 11 resoria al nue inading
• The only record and changer dreigned
• Recurla change from lie frater-the
montern Hay
brems est me attres chester.
Ulter
"Vinas sad hangre
Only ROANITOR
makes the Vietnale
Tands. All Ihas inters and Monotons d'one gore el Monda nel
LOVELY TO LIGHT BY
-1.
stin. 73
PURE HOUSE OF ITALIAN MAMDICRAFTS
317 Fast 221h 81. Noc. York 1?. PL.0-6319
+ leading furnilure and department thore
nd I-cent stamo to Depl. N ter bookte
¡ UNIOM-MATIONAL, INC • JAMESTOMN, M. Y.
in Wastingeon, sid en me one day
shortly after Project
for had pre-
sumably become a thig of the past.
"Ie would to different if flying sau-
cers were kunwn to exist. Then we
emili have cullecter evidence indi-
cating the degrees of probability chat
such things were sighted and the reason
for their appearance at a given plnic.
Bue it is impossible to prove, logically
and with finality, a double negative-
thas in, that there are no flying saucers
and that penple have hot seen flying sau-
cers. The best we cauld do under the
circumstances was tracines, first, from
the fact thas it had not been proved, that
saucers had been seen and, second,
frum the fact that reasonahle theories
could la advanced to explain away all
the riports of secing them, that probably
nobody had seen them at all. The
fewer the theoretical explanations and
the less plashle they were, the sire
ree there sis and aspecting pampic
had ten suren" The Majer shook
his head, and continued, "he's a dificult
consego to grant, but wo was the job we
were tackling.
Lested Major Boggs whether there
wasuy way toadcount for the epidemic
• sports of strange cedatial objerts.
"( conse there is," ho replied, "1f
you look angrate the sky long emms, gon
em almond always make out wmething
there that appears strange. And more
people ate honking up pogy than ever
before- Kils don't count freight cars
any more; they coum airplanes. People
win were trained in air observation
during the war have gone right on
observing, Alsn, the public hasn't for-
gotten that the atomic bonh was kept
secret from in for three Gears. This
time, people want en know what's cook-
ing, is they look up."
Majur Boggs
sighed.
. "Time was when people used
to make a wish if they saw a shoot-
ing star. Now they telephone the Air
Force.
Major Boggs and I pondered this
untomantic age in silence for a moment.
Then he returned briskly to the prob
lems that had confronted the investi-
pater "The one dongible thing We badl
do sort on was the dari this the sky is
Toll of things," he sid. "I can't even
come close to estimating the number of
commercial and military aircraft up
there at any given moment, 'Then, there
are mure than five hundred outfits of
une kind or another that release balloons
fron time to time. These range from
simple wenther halloons, no ameer than
67, 68

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 443, "chars": 2662, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in thi may it denapyn ae!
ee" the home,
of sighe.
Here, che experes prof.
p tr hept.
was vincthing Project Stucer cruld eci
its teeth intu. The whole Aying-saucer
mystery might he explained. The frst
step was tu determine whether the ote
ject was an aireraft that had been par-
gilly asbasred by a cansu ot whoes
pcarance had bern disterteu by a ram.
Twr hundred and twenty-five
sivilan and military
Alight schedules
were analyzid, and in was found that
ame other plane, an dir Forco C-47,
had heen hear the Enstern airliner at
the time the mysterimus ohject was
sighred. Conjecture abuur the C-+7
began to appear irrelevand, howerer,
when the Macon ground crews agreed
with Chiles and W'hitted that the thing
sher had scen was going much faster
dhan cai bandrea miles an hour, andl
*', unless it dawille aromn anne-
whers, winln'e hase taken anything
like in homur do fut fri Mfico io
Mantgmnery.
Astronomers went tu work un the
problem. Dr. Hynck comsidered the
mussihilty that a hrilliant, show-moring
metcur might he the explanation. Varı
dus hits of the appeurition's description
dilenuraged this matin
-"hrangr-reel
fissine,
" "cigar-hapcil," "a erenndes
borst of Hame." -Unfortmätely, the
fighe «hedales of meteors are not avail-
able, and Dr. Hynck hod no means of
deving his hyprthesis,
"It will have eo
be left en the perchongises do tell uns
whether the inmedinte trail of a bright
meteor could produce che subjective im-
pression of a chip with lgbted win-
dunss
"He serate in i roport one his
hirlings.
The parchlogiss esprenedl
die opinion che a meteor cole indesd
he mistikinn for al spire ship. Dr. fites,
the Ohin Stade pychologist, obursed
that huth
Chiles and W'hitted were
human and therefore as fikcl! to he
victins of mass suggestibility as any-
une els. Dr. Fitts tokd me during a
tilk I had with him that parchnlogists
are user to the faet that eren prople of
high montal calibre often make mis-
take atmur erhan ther so.
"Alur, 1
sondel lifir don atakr phee pariee phoad pulars
atr tram do insramcnt»," dne wid.
"t'hes gron very deparnent ons dnm
artrument, and f don't kouw whether
rs pecessirily superior unservers
out themn. I do know that during
dor war, when I mas in che Air Force,
pilots Ircquenty gave sune pretty oxd
reports of what they'd scen while fly-
ing their missins," Chiles and Whittd
sendily agreed that their repurt might
nut
anussair
cinely imart itli for one
k Chösen byeading dec
barset teshod and Turar
«Afd, bf tóure Nye- Wåit N
tavantarer ot betng mothpro
de fot lastit hi to withstand
*whi obiweat conventi
Bilh ho tai fa the
Nyếs h
203 hịth
«Neo Yor
AIT'S COR
T rable depet, branslucen color. and
pezs 69, 70

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 498, "chars": 2978, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
KLING
HIGHBOY DESK in genuine
SOLID mahogany from the New
Arlinglon Group by Kling. A
distincrive addition to any ront.
Ar leading scores.
Full color
hookler, "Your Bro.
romans and Y'eru
cuntains helpful
duffebions or
the care of fur.
ailure and bedroom
and attanciment.
Send 23r in
coin in Kline Faciorics, Drpi. Y9,
Mayrilic. M.
ALING MEANS
MATIOGANY
HAILE • CHERRY
§oft and warm
sas tiderdowi
•ol the
me fol
Banka!
Ste th
• dealer
MARIPOSA
¡BLANKET
MADELBYE
SHULER & BENNINGHOFEI
* HAMILTON OHIO
ing a route potted for doesture
knea National Guard, and
j"
kct
the tower at the Fargo Munici
port for clearance to land when.
w'hat
ligh
serined to he another planc's cail-
housand yards nway. Hr queried
the
tower, and the men there repurted
that the only other aircrafe over the field
Was a Piper Cuh. Gorman cockl sce the
Cub plainly onelinee helow him. Curi-
rus, he flew tward the light. "It was
atanst six to cighe inches in diameter,
«Jear white, and completely round, with
fuzz. at the edges." Gorman
mine nt anyaling that ho
around
the edges.
"It was blinking on and off.
As Tappruached, howeser, the light sud-
denly became steady and pulled into
i sharp lede honk, ... Idlived after it
and brought my manifold pressure cop
in sixty inches, bat I cardion't cartolo no
vith the ching. It started gaining alti
tude and again made a left hank. I put
my F'Sl into a sharp turn and tried
to rot the right off in its turn. My then,
it were at aland seven than and fect.
Suddenly it made a sharp righe turn
and we headed straight at cach other.
Just when we were amt to collide,
I guess I gut scared. I went into a dive
and the light passed over my camopy at
alman five handed feet. Then it made
i deft circle almout a chonsond feet ahore,
and I gave chase again." Gorman fol-
dosed the light up to fourteen thousand
feet, where, after amother near collisinn,
his ship went into a power stall and the
light disappeared to the morchnese.
Gorman noticed me wamds or exhaust-
trail odors. He had gunned his plane
up to four hundred miles an hour with-
out gaining on the lighc. It was able to
maintain au extremely steep angle of
awent, far greater than that of his Air
Force fighter. "When 1 attempted to
curn with (the light), I blacked nut
temporarily, due to excessive speed," he
said. "I am in fairly good physical condi-
dion and I do not believe there are many,
if any, pilots who could withstand the
turn and speed effected by that light and
remain conscirus."
Projert Sincer anyacted than Gur-
man was dilting with a wrather ballons.
Corone thing, it learned thin the fargo
weather statim had released a ligheed
hallen eonly ten minutes hefore Gor-
man's patrol stopped bring routine.
'The object's steady, practically vertical
climb suggested the behavior uf a bai-
loon. A technician whie once worked on
Project Saucer told me recently that
chasing a weather balloon with an air-
plane is comparable to diving en the
bottom of a pool after a hollow rubber
paro 71, 72

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 495, "chars": 3029, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
hulling one in iny 118-
-' he mill.
The rancher forwar
@. find do
Wright Field, where it w
Antified a
a remnant of one of the i
ndiary hal-
loons the hopeful Japanese dispatched
across the Pacifie during the war in an
effort to start forest fires. l
Even pictures taken of supposcal sal-
fers failed to impress the experts. There
as the case of a man in Phoonis.
arizona,
who sputted a fat gray ah-
ject spiralling up and dan in the skr
at a speed that he estimated it hetween
four and fye hundred miles an hnur.
He snapped twn pictures of it with his
Brownie. Prints were rushed to Projert
Saucer, and Dr. Irving Langmuir, the
physicist and a Notel Prize winner, was
asked to study them. The distinguished
scientist learned that i thunderstorm:
had occurred just hefore the picture-
taking, and concluded that he was leak-
ing at a snople of rather pross shoots
of a piece of paper leing buffedead deg
the wind.
AS time went on and the skies, appar-
ently, continued to teen with Hy-
ing saucers, the general in the l'enti-
gon, warming to their task, decided in
enlarge the sign of the investigation.
Crummanders of all Air fore installa-
tions in the country were ordered to
assign Intelligence oflicers to limik inter
rightings reported in their areas.
The
officers were instructed too solicit the in-
sistance of municipal police officials, who
might he familiar with the pervan
of the saucer observers. "The F.B.I. Mas
also called upon for assistance, ansi as-
signed agents in help interview people
who repurted that they had scon discs.
The agents used a standard question-
naire, drawn up hy Air force Intelli-
gence, which called for such informa-
tion as the saucer's size, speed, color,
anil maneuvers. The information was
usually transmited to Wright fich,
but some sturies were su abriusly
false and sane
"cridence" so obsin
ly trifling that the J.l3.I. men didn't
even bother to fill mut the question-
naire. In Scattle, for instance,
alamed worse called she poolice do in-
Couran them there a faming dia drint farted-
ad and her toml. The ejean corned out
i to de a hollow, drum-shored
made of plyweel, with "USSK" irade-
ly daubed on it in paint, An F.B.I. man
found that a turpentine-soaked cloth
had causeal the fame. A practical joke,
he decided. A farmer near Danforth,
Illinois, reported that a saucer had
crash-landed in one of his foids and
burne un aachel weaks The Fill.
CAR
Carle.ro
PULLTU
RICAN
GOLD BE TRITE LABEL -
ARE SOFTE
This
cozy cotton "pillow" for
your barly corrs sweet sirep
from
hard
mattreties ond in
farior
beds.
Special boon lo
$1795
sluo
Strip
invalidi and aged. fary to corry
aul and sun. $17.95 in blurt.
Whita
white ACA, $19.95 in rose, bluc
or green damara, full or twin
sires, stipping charges propoid Abralule Salintaction
Immediote shipment -
Guaranieed
bIRECT,
MÄTTR
Exeter
Al Whilehouse & Hardly
in New York;
Chy el Peris
in Son Froncisco;
Pholps-Tortel
in Los Angolas:
Al olter leoding sores or write
EXETER Moslery Mills • Ereculiva Offic
Salos Otticor: 930 Fi:
rago 73, 74

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2603, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Other elements of the
problem
were studied by such men
r. George
Valley, a nuclear physicis,
. the Massa-
chusetts institure of Technology; staff
members of the research firm of Kand
Corporation; an nevoremens of physicists
and acrodynamicises when specialize in
the study of the stratosphore and the
space beyond it; and the clectronics ex-
perts attached in the Cambridge Fickl
Station. Thess mon were all searching
for physical rather than pachological
explanations, and some fairly strange
thenries accurred to them—the persibil-
ity that extraterrestrial animals were
flying into our atmosphere, for example.
(No data turned up to support that ar-
resting idea.)
The thenry
that the sill-
cers were hostile aireraft was carsfully
studied and rejected.
'''The perform-
ances of these saucers ant only surpass
the development of present science but
the dovclopment of present fation-si-
ence writers," one sientise moted. The
specialists also considered and rejected
the concept of discs capable of riding the
air on beamsor raysof sane kind. They
even speculated ons whether the anti-
gravity shickl that H. G. M'ells thonghi
up for his novel "The first Men in the
Mmm" would work; it wouldn't, dry
decided. The supportion that interplin-
etary craft were Whizzing in at us was
also discredited, despite ies populirity
with laymen. Space ship, the scientists
thought, would have to be so large and
unwieldy that they couldn't possibly zig-
zag as frivolously as the reported saucers
did. Besides, a space ship, regardless of its
size, could not, in the spinion of these
men, carry sufficient fuel to remais for
any longsh of time in the carth's dense
atmosphere. The scientists noted, ton,
that the supposed spacemen showed a re-
markable lack of interest in the rest of
the world, being, it would seem, alonest
unanimous in their desire to see America
first. "'The small area envered by the
disc barrage points strongly eo the belief
that the fiying ahjects are of carthly
origin, he they physical e psycholog-
ical," one of the scientists reported.
from the report turned in by
the
astronamers, I learned deat they, in ad-
dition to sining out connels, melenes,
bolides, and chondrites from
the
stream of abjects people were scing in
the skies, had alsn choughtfully con-
sidered our planetary neighbors.
The
nid question of the pussibility of life on
Mars took on a now urgency, and a new
corollary: If there are living creatures
on Mars, would they he capable of
building space ships? The astronomers
POR STORE MIAT
MRITE MATMARIAS BY AYOR. I
9 VEST SUTH THEN
MONET DADIR BINEETLY T
nare 75, 76

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 473, "chars": 3004, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that-that while the infurgantion they
give me may he mad.
- their
names never will he." I...
Captain
Rappelt aid,
investigath
has shown that the ponie he has inter-
viewed had been deceived ty things
that have been deriving others aff
along ballons, planes,
metents, and
migorbut a nettling residue of around
nty per cent of the cass have wound
upon that exasperating old pigcohole
labelled "Unidentitiedl." Nothing, for
cxample, could be found to account
for the
"anmething ailvery diressly
noverhead" reported by a mystified Civil
Acronautics Administration inspector at
'Terre Haute. A commercial pilot who,
flying
near
Battle Creck, Michigan
spotted "an oral-shaped silver nhject"
ahead of his ship, posed a sunilarly an-
salved problem, as did a highly respected
naval officer, stacioned at the dirigible
hase at Lakchurse, New Jerscy, who re-
parted that he had stared through his
binoculars at a brilliant image making
turns that were far too tight for an!
knnwn aircraft.
Iwenty-fve per cent of the ohsers-
ers interrogated by the Acrial Phenom-
ena Officer in the last two and a half
years have been military pilors. Eight
per cent have been commercial pilot,
wune sith as much is trendy gents ex-
perience in the air, and at one stage in
the current phase of the investigation,
cren a few physicists at Las Alame,
New Mexien, men who make a feti-h
of objectivity, were inrerviewed after
they reported having seen puzzling
lights hovering above their atomic-
energy laturatories.
"If jou torek
any one of these incidents by itself,
it night not mean much," Captain
Ruppelt enid.
"Bur in views of the
number and calibre of the informants,
you couldn't help taking their claims
seriously.
In February, 1951, Dr. Urner
Liddel, a nuclear physicise attachest er
the Office of Naval Rescarch, at 1'n-h-
ington, D.C., declared that at last,
thanks to the lifting of certain security
restrictions, he contal provide the scrution
Mie cannes
They were "stills,
" !! wiel lo!
-hapa: a dundred fort in dinner, slich
or. Nary had scorchly been sining op
on the past lour jears in order to
study cosinic rays. Ir. Liddel's asser-
tion was immediately disputed by Ir.
Anthony O. Mirarchi, wan, as forenos
head of the Air Force's Armuspheric
Composition Bureau, had assisted in the
diagnosis of l'roject Saucer repurts. Dr.
Mirarchi said he thought the saucers
might be misiles from aune forcign
HAVE YOU GRASPED
THE Southwick IDEA?
Here is tailoring so completely flexile
malmial that the comfort contrast is re:
markable. Once you experience the blissí
and casual distinction of SUPERFLEX co
dion, you'll never go back to over-stuffed
myled clothes. Suits from $70. Sports
from 335.
Ar theis and orb.
PAUL STUART, INC.
ARTHUR L
Nire Fark Cuty
WARNER
* COMPANY
Auntern
JOHN WANAMAI
Ald.
Philaded
SILVERSTONE'S
ROBERT #
Son Frami.
For storer in alb.
GRIECO BROS..
1oc.. 200
Fift
NUE
GOLD
amart sea
no 346
Availablo döinl
Four antials (Allo one
Shortea sist
one Orders Filled
BIAOK STARR
EAST ORANCE
rame 77, 78

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 546, "chars": 3457, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•."
MARK fr
CROSS AUS
Fifth Are ai 55th, N. Y. 22
fourteen
minules, Piermas trew
hright lights thar resenhi
shooting stars, bur chree of them
Irving horizuncally, unlike any shins-
ing star he had ever seen. Another com-
mercial pilot who was reached in flight
nearby said that he saw a light off his
left wing; Barnes found a corresponding
pip on the radarscope. Other pilots in the
vicmity reported, howeyer, that they
could sec nothing unusual. Trward
dashreak, ten peculiar pips were counted
simultancously
on Barnes
"There is no other conclusion I can
reach hut that for six hours on the
murning of the twentieth of July there
were at least ten unidentifiahle nhjects
muving above Washington," Barnes
w'rutc.
"'They were not ordinary air-
craft.... Nor in my opinion could any
natural phenumena accouns for thesc
The Mark Cross
OXFORD SHIRT
More popular than ever - even for
city wear - the button down collar
shir in finest oxford.
woven with
fully combed yarn.
Button
14%-17% collar, 32.35 alerve. Whire
or blue.
$$-$0
With it - an imported silk knit tie
hand-framed for Mark Crosn. Black.
nary, fity, brown, Ertes, wine, 45.50
Mail and phone orders Alled, SI/ 7.40N0
grils on nur radar. Neither shooting
Mars, chectrical disturbances, mes chands
coull, cither. Exactly what shey are, I
don's know. Now you krinw as much
about thems as I do. And your guess is
as front as mine."
A wort later,
it 9:08 r.M. os
July 26th, the Air Route Trafti Con-
tal Conter's radarscope again showed
unidentifiahle objerts over Washing-
mom. Sodid the serten at the Andrews
Air Force Bir, juss emerite the capi-
tal. Two jet intercepeors, capable of
doing six
hundred
miles
if's
Here!
It's
New!
an hour,
were dspatched from a haie near New
Castle, Delaware, en investigate. When
the interceptors appared on the radar-
scopes, they were guided toward the
objects. One of the pilats sighted
four lighes approsimarely
ten miles
in front of his plane and slighely above
it, but they vanished while he was
erying
overtake them.
Tweniy
manures laeer, he saw "a steady white
TOY BAGPIPE
(light," hur within a minore it, too,
disappeared.
"We have no evidence
Easy to Play-only $4.98
they were fring saucers," an Air Force
Compicte with Hempipe, druns, chumar, bright
representative said larer..
plaid bag and tilers, this rant do-ple, Annerican
"Converscly,
Baspije is an authentic replica uf the friel in.
se hatre no evidence they were not
Hying saucers. We don't know what.
can hari de pitay permalir tuers in a matter dof mis-
Hirs jhat hy practing manlaro. Made of asshalle
they werc."
Syrone am! Vinylit, il's sufo, manitas? anal alreat;.
As a reele of above awo incidents,
Fascinating inpador fer chilled anal gron me.
particnlarly the one incodving the iner.
argers, publis apitation reached a new
deighe. The Air Forre was bombarded
TIMESAYERS DEPT., Dept. MY-9
& Mart 4gth 8t.
Now Terk 19, M. T.
MRS, KARO'S
HAND LAUNDRY
I&D EAST &2nd STREET
TEmpleton 1-4516
Specialists in silks, tacon, tebla tirans, shirto;
at madorate rates.
Loundering for the frest homes
with hasntreads of bitters, telephone calls,
and telegrams demanding information
and offering advice. One of the smaller
airlines supplied its crews with cameras
anti ordered them to photograph any
saurers they encountered. A civilian
wrute to the Air Force that he would
let it in on "the secrer" in return for a
coloneley. A Los Angeles pastor wrose
in Einstein, besceching him to clear up
nepo 19, 80

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2313, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• advisers... in stras of viens
from claewhere,
pli the ak!
continuously, but they
a reparted in
naucers.
The General was reminder
that many of the people who had toked of
seeing the muse spectaular things were
considered the most reliabic. He replied
thar he had no intention of discrediting
them, hut the fact remained that mone
of them had offered data of the kind a
acientist would
find
useful. An Air
Force offier whomn Gencral San-
man, too, had been unable to ohtain ar-
curate measuremcnts.
"We have mant
reports from credible abservers of in-
credible things," the General remarked.
Like General Neuro, his predecesear
in Project Saucer days, General Samm-
ford denied that the Air Force was at-
rempring to caver up secret experiments.
When he was asked if the saucers might
he the guided misiles of a foreign con-
ery, he replied that he didn't see how, on
the basis of their weird performaners,
they could he unless "smenne" had
achiered a means of derrloping unlin-
ited power-"pwer of such fantastic
higher limits that it is a theoretical un-
Jinited; it's not anything that we can
understand"-and
utilizing it under
conditions in which no mass is involsed.
As for the latter, the General ell the
press, drawing
a laugh, "You know
what in 193as0'
means is that there's
nothing there!
WilLE General Samford's inter
view probably reassured the puh-
lic as evidence that the Air Force was
still on the joh, it did nothing to lessen
the nation's saucer-consciousness. The
reporters had harilly thanked the Gen-
tral for his commens when, an ela-
gust Ist, a Coast Guard photographer
provinces a porture showing four hizarre
lights burning brilliantly in a daylighe
sky. He said he hard taken it over Sileo,
Missilurtes. The next day, in Har-
vard es reppy sist called the photograph
worthless became it was accompanical by
mus sientific data, sile as domperature
distribution and altitude. Co anges
bih, an Army playsicist as fare Belois,
Virginia, created the equivalent of Hying
caucers in his laboratory by introducing
molecules of innized air into a partial
vacuum in a bell jar, and three days
later an internationally known authori-
ty un atmospheric conditions said of the
physicist's experiment, "I know of no
conditions of the carth's atmosphere,
high or low, which would duplicate
pare 81, B2

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1204, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
October 10, 1858
AIR MAIL
PECORDED - TOI
gL - CON he hague
The Netherlands
Iour Letter dated October 6, 1952, has been
recéived.
row wilt perhapa recall being aduised at the
time of your visit to this Burcau that the natter discussed
as not within the jurisdiction of the FDI.
Ношеоет, 1т
vico os your faminent departure from Hashington the infor-
nation was accepted for transnittal to the appropriate
agency, atich das to cuntact you iS interested.
Full detalla vere node available at that tine to
the Departrent of the dir force for evaluation and consider-
ation.
In the absence of some arrangerent between you and
the dir force, your further use of the pertinent facta 18,
of course, a matter for your oun determination.
sincerely yours,
John Edgar Hoover
Director
#CTE OR YELLOW:
aulet to OSI,
dir force,
dated 5-7-52 transnitted data
furnished by !
• to the Pureau 5-5-52 concerning
his ideas
as to plans for a workable flying disc.
• pas Inforned
that surther contact with his, if any, would cone froz the
intercoled rovernment agency rather than the nureau.' .
No mention
made of liin teening the facts necret penling a penlu fron
he pureau or the dir force.
(63-33091-273).
63 ОСТ 20 19525: 1.

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1639, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
THE HAGUE
THE NETHERLAND:
THE HAGUE: Oslober 6th
Department of Justice
Pederal Bureau of Investigation
Pennsylvanin Avenue
IN G I ON
П.3.
Dear itt
Excuse me please If I missselled your name, but
saw it in writing.
un way to at 2.15 P.r. of this yenr I paid yoia
a visit in the P.B.I.nprices, where I told
details en
a certain subject you will surely remenner. At the end of
conversation I
bee of do tell about it un-
til I hai rareived vori fron you whether or not the proper
authorities were interested.
It was taken for granted that
tew montas night elesse before the answer could be given.
Five months have passed by since then, and as
the subject has now become native in furage, I
An renlly
to in dend with it, I have ofaurse tried to
deck the theory on ench assect and wiile doing so I
found various complanentary as well as fundamental details.
• have now reached the noint however wherez
world like
He whole with an exert and t
would therefor certainly appreciate to know whether I have
to consider our agreement on complete silence as still
being valit and necessary or not
It might be that you are too busy to be able to
write to me or that the authorities nre not interested. AB
it is not my intention to bother you ton much with it,
will take is
that there is no Innger any necessity for
silence on my salt l? I in not sagelve any in ormation to
the contrary
by the end of this month.
By tris propociiion I do not intend to forge an
1bsue bil I would like to diacuss a subiect like this witin
scientists friendine wei pantdo
as long As I
am bound by my pronise to you.
with very kind regards,
Yours Truly
42-83894-319
= 174:
•

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 305, "chars": 2064, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandumese yasins COVERNMENT
TO
DIRECTUK, FBI
DATB: 10/3/52
Ci
if
SAC, NEwAkk (200-36998)
RE:
SPECIAL INQUIRY
UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS:
Inspector Geneticide of Special Investigationa
DistriCt
New York 4,
for the infornation of the buresu,
on August 27, 1952,
the newark division received a request from the Inspector General,
Unitea States Alr Force, 2nd District Office Of Snecial Investi-
getions, 67 Broad Street, New York i
Now Yaris
that the back
ground of a civillan photorrepher,
Paterson, l. J., and of
Passaic
N. Jo, be Investigated in an astonut so determine tnein reliability
In view of the fact that, they had allegerty observed and photo-
grapned an unidentitled derlal object on July 31, 1952.
The appropriate creâit and criminul checks were made in
this matter as hell as discreet neighborhood inquiries as to botn
individuals, and no infornation has received that either individual
had crininal records or that they were known in the past to heve
perpetrated try kind of fraud.
It was ascerteined that
old photograph er allegedly
unidentified serial oblect and that
•iritnessed the incident
and develope end printed the exposea film which was subsequently
forwarded to the Sth DI District, Air Technical Intelligence
Center, Wrieht-Petterson 41r Force Base, Oh10 by Mr.
stEff writer, "I'he derald News, Passalc, l. J."
The letter further requested that the shotographer and
the witness be questioned as to the circumstances under which the
pnotogravas vere texen tili thet an attempt be anãe to locate
other sowces in une are that tight determine the cuthenticity
of the photos.
No investigation of this type vas made by the
Newark divisicn.
In accoráarce with SAC letter #83, series 1952 dated
8/29/52, the results of the creait and criminal checks and the
neighbornood investifations were forwardeá to the local CSI
In Bordere with dred an or 10
Office, New York City End no further investirations have been
made by this office:
62-25174-318
LURKINH
RECORDED-12
ATROFRIATE AGEZCIES
OCi
1952
LD FIELD OFFICES..
¡ INDEXED 12
67 0 1072

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 92, "chars": 678, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO
I A. I Donth?.
PROM
DATE: Septembor 20, 1952
manK
SUBJECT:
STRANGE WEITE OBJECT SEEN OVER
MONTANA ON
SEPTEMBER 19, 1952
I talked with ASAC Plaxico of Butte on September 20,
re the attached hows roleases indicating that the FBI
was investigating a strange write object which reportedly
streaked
across the sky of Montana for about one hundred
miles. Mr. Plaxico stated that while a report of this
object had been recelved at the Butte Office, that no
Investigation was conducted regarding the matter and that
none was
contemplated.
ACTION:
For your information.
Attachment
cElemen,
RECORDED - 132
+42-183-841-317
EX. - 73
600 o g?

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 114, "chars": 809, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'. )
september 11, 1852
RECORDED - 126
INDEXED - 125
Hir.
fioads town,
New dersey
Dear
Your leiter postmarker Lestenber O, 1952,
las been received, and 1ar reciato the interest
to let me haue the benefit of your
obseruations.
Since the contente of your communication
may he of intercat to other pourranental agenctes,
I am tating ibe liberty of forrarding contra of it
to the Maninistrater of Ciull Aeronautica, Civll
Acronantica
laminisitation, lepartment of corneroe,
icshinston,
Do C., and to
"he lionorablo, le iccretary
The Fontaron, Kashington, Dor.
Sincerely yours,
Copy
Dy SOTT
-COFY
by fort
DI Cetmz
Johra
car hoover *
irector
sent to Civll Aeronautics Administration
sent to Secretary of Defense
RECEIVED REA! +, ROOM
SEP 11
1it4.
starte
anto
- - 5 SEP 251952
COMM: FBI
SEP! ! 1952
MAILED 19
Kines.

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 279, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ioad elocins !
C.r.g.
j. Edgar stoorer,
M'edinl Bl A sanseitugatin
Neair M-y Hirpes!.
incc. riading si muck
about a therry
in offit tang bet 1e o tao
.Dorith 4.tolim
faildag ene thind ron pat!
Torii, nite
LETS MATE
Tw Estle
mail et batel to réie
tricitritirama
¡ !!
49-83894.314

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 272, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
straighter. i stil it disappiar 112
Bu douth Cast
• at lanted hell a by ca her
bi seei it was much all
a main sittie. to hat here
and sat it. 'He said fies?
circeaters tid sein them
genirations back and bad
catled tum O mins" and alse
"Jack A Lantee"
risen a mariah to at

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 877, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Cot Het Tee Av — AL Mart
ip pt ‘ ne Ate raid tye
Aan her CAG te , Att The ad Catwres |
Ch reat hircs in CA, Ff Ieee 4 j etal f Soha
Us Shu 4< athaet(d cach thos, 2

thei ath ecle oCher « deme. Led
“FI 2 F LL Oa ({ Ou waeeete fi f7? a i, ie ti /
, . OP. * AG OT TUL Aid tf
F). sea hee! el Ss we (tho. Ge. Ln. ate ‘ doe
| fed ke {e- ion Cl ind FILL C Re. af L- | Te : vA a ae
1M A’, SAE P Arad A Atte Grell ad Ahi ile 7 Ree
ME Wop. .
FEM We Lita ae cf Dron ial Vo GE ate 2

Aerhrerretiel 400° Wet Agee, ty
Mas re Te, am fee te Thu. Cie. td’. Su Otel Pea a ne SN Cee
aia nll Fw ven pow rutare Vro a eat SA ETS
Aiea Tid ‘os Livy: QA .
we Le Aka de Aru a TL -O Ca? aon AER
fcr a (e i ye ne Ee {) 49% 1a eee:
. + aren oe
Anerd Aur te, O tect ¢ re .
fw A Ye yr. felon’ 2. le vt lier} ta le
gaieer La Vy
i 7 ae |
Ga Gaal

P YP = Perld- Pall y Grerety

-

am ute

eT eet: ) eee

oT er

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 1015, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Ce Cape felclee ( tty Ae

#f( tod [. ? hee al ef “f- 4 be A Cave med
“e ve (E+ ({ ‘Les a

WM an Cp ne es he

i aan ? cr re cps? aust olay

fae aA dealers sgl OO

a_i he if Hf é. ct! don Ate L*
Ade Jes, pul Ge tee A) (eae

eons x. ft: tne st.

| - Goed. pie Doe
mate. (a9: Chiat te | CAb

ll

L- aro? fy i

aan? Oo, 7 nie haved %
i f is a gael } ' fa , (pramvemicoenpumensetepsanense,
(:. a t>, | i sy, y a { ae re an } oe oe fed f-
74. eie - v

: | ' 7 . T ca —
eplvee rn te eff La waza cel

: * -, 3 ———.
an Ce ithe Eh ise OE METRE eatin
ate apr shy -t (Cpa C2 ust { c ¢ 4 rene —

- . + - . . ae QD
sl inet } is oe *. oat Tt |. tite a sar ae tf (~
{< i{ Us oo : ath eg le Lo o-ripe fae: gta cl
“LL the. je Ee De FEO ie
~

fot 7

RAS ZS el te pegs oo —, me ee ew
= . , - = a =r aoe
“8? a ots ao Ew Niel SO STR omen «
- ro. oe . 7 - k . 1 .
eo: . a sf . . ~ ‘, *. = ee s or f— ae
* a _* oy oo » S * . - . a . - . © : . / 1 - tet Fr, ”
. , "8 oes ” * : a ~ : . roe - . . - . . ? ooo. . _— ef ee
7 1 _ ~~ at 7 . “le .

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 522, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
J
Suek Han ië
atecentiin.m5
I tara ae hick. seine te
Thiir sur, rcc, Mt
ue sio ti
to thi chifft.
01121241771
di sein ani a ti. Plante
Canitaie sicr Dell Hrane Pristi,
conta a Than tomen t trenurito
• athin PGnet
It. itenit feittiret frone'
tistan-dentacmalise@alc.io
actini ti te Tust Fier ar
othir Plenit.
efeccin Piert.h.f tti
cilmraftüm-ACaith en neer barld
migh perse on tie Peert sira ite
reat Hu-Dan en!ticald.
lesin inch Planut a1 kligt
miret pit pros the dan.,
Bict a eLite ais iPualu e2e sasue le
"frie!
t.e tlct

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 162, "chars": 918, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
al (~ Unive’, Ate cplvebe a

Bh a ds P YP. Cy yr ane

re OA A ANA A {A h on AN a | ,

Cone CLL: ferctt- 4 Lewables. there
we cpr ih dead camel tre Gre ie
A svt one ol
foun, cank LE wi Cat Ciacid = —

opm. are aikt ae, deme. ete ee

ata Se afr LE
alk dtlde aid | fer rE LL. Actecl Ket bC

row VPP LE wef tht Avy. ot
pared mag: Raion, we nd
t- ote 2 ry 8 me aes
nas eres aie 1 ping EES
dt “hin aor oe bari Oé, oh ale
Lh

em Cant an CA rn te ou secend!” oer ae
ne cparre ‘at ~ dt Out PorYary ‘ae “ct. Gee
LH: ace Mare nt, (- rN: Trepele

aWene. Be’ aN! eu ah) wit ~
heed Wp tAr/ oF ae thee we ae,
my (ti oo Ciro, ger, AQnrereb of
/

Hs QA ae al rit ( (v Gd. Jkt a ane fer.

B
is ee is a - — —
+ .
1 7
a
er . . .
*

1 Lal . ~F : . . eee: = - =, “ -t, ~-- — ~: ‘s
HF i _ | Sd hh - - : .
' . . “ ll La \ . a ol - . "io

- .
= ‘
; a "ome .
- * = * a * 8 " 7 = _ = : - = —- « ne a . sa om a . .
soe . a * . - . ~~ 7 wee 7: te

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 236, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pust da Tulled neare (2
around thi Equatoy and a l
sect, mostly, en that pection.:
The C limite That have to
much Puck in ritation ti thei
Pull ti attach Thim silvea t -a
fall to Earth but combine His PIP G
with that fEeth and pack ace

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 66, "chars": 354, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Pull causes lugher tides here on
arth than the Sall if the Sun. not
woon from turning, eprept as i
rotates around Earth, Shes. great
tacter and so the rot fat
over our Equater, Bat De-guis
Push 1 CorthoG Combines With that t
the moon t holds them apart.
small of bot printo the bole
→ un-ou asuf if its Pianita. It it were
he Earth i
it would cale us at

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 342, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
the quate e a te greate 19
У-he. PHP. G. of the bun reacher
out
my side the fartherest Planet
I that Planeta PG. reaches
to
ike Samn, Thus us, solar systems
PyP.G riackes ait to hold ite searcet
might bet close and on cheer.
no to franti tar
ever collided unlean one. first lost ete
Crateria with. the right
egan in Then they sid he
Plint or

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 397, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It Could alao stund still. An
scupant see che die tie.
Just as Earth i
ins, a of ship would have a layer
This wouid oct an a buffes
and keep the ship cool.
But I douft if ur. hate any
itor. from Apace.
such think the visitors sin
are the small Gunite cucking the
Earth tour. and not one 1. Ther
Saucine are.
if and of the
man made,
limitlesi postabilitics: Posably
some tiffer of balloon has been

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 352, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
poe iB an are TE i

tw wdece Hat eyor fr

he Vat Li howd ae tt Cant a
(oper tindse ou fev “fel fect

| C. OAS U GAi QE ms aed
ae ri pee a

is
clipe ie Pic. htt 7
{oo

RRS cad Ai WE.

.
*
a a Se
1 ' -
a ee ne ;
tm : = . ™ . a . . .
[Ea _-
t
14

eo ee titel

. ae i ee i “at ' ee -— z agi —_ ss 25 ~Y wa fe
ae oe ea “is ely met ad oe Sel i nia att a aa

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 325, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
: |

Are lara >

C

¥
oc _— in Si on il alee eee! - ge yp Sg a

ein : —-_

Fa oe = 7 .
ll Sag ax PUNY ered i Weal

Ph a oe a

- h zr.

a" -¥
te. ; tof

a an : r im, ~~. -
. . : - “ * - =
7 - . - fs
OE IG RO a Se 8 ey
; . +o, wat ~. CO ainda

woes > ee ee oe , 7 oe ee _ eee ee ee

-_ ee  * |

wa ve Se tt ~~“, _* aa

= B1 -

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 1987, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorium. UNITED STALES GOVERNMENT
DATE: August 89, 1852
TO
FROM
SUBJECT.
fering
)
ONIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT
ALLEGEDLY CITED BY MR.
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA
By letter of August 86, 1952,
the dir Force requested
that we eronine the cap of Mr.
• a scoutraster
mala. .
at lest Pola Beach, Florida,
unidentified jiving object in a desolate area.
who claims that he gestuort l
Candy
that upon his investigation,
a mi object 30 feet in diameter
hovered over his head and shot a "red blob" which caused hid to Kitt
lose consciousness.
The cap has sone holes burned in it and it
is reported that the hair on Desuergers' arms was singed. The
Air Force requested that we determine,
, 55 posgible, sron any
residues left the nature of the residual material.
The dir Force desires an oral report or thia tonight.
He have finished the
eroningtion and are preparing to advise the
dir Force as follows:
1.
There
ia no residue which pould pereit a deteraination
as to the naturé of the material which oaused the burns in the
cap.
In addition to the obuious burns, there ta one minute burned
area which is probably too anall to have been oaused intentionally
but more likely by a saall hot ember.
The bill and a large part of the edges of the oap
are singed but the singeing is not uniform as would be expected
is it had been caused at one time by a single flash of flane.
The
front edge of the oap bill is nore severely singed than other.
portions of the cap..
This condition would not be expected if the
source of the flame vas directly overhead.
anen the cap is obserued from the front, the left
edge of the insignia and the fold in the blue cloth, there is
absence of singeing noted under the fold suggesting the possibility
that the cap was not being worn when the singeing took place.
It is noted that this fold "anooths out" when the cap is placed
on the head.
RECONVENDATION:
That ir response to the request,
o! Colonel
DJP/act
HECORDED • 122
16283417-315
SEP 11 1992
7
182. SEP 1E1
1095

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 119, "chars": 861, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Mentandum. UNITED INTES GOVERNMENT
TO
1. B. BELOVE
DATE:
dugust 10, 205.
PRON
TUrNO DISCS
PURPOSE:
To aduise all duperuisora engaged on sight
dutu of snotructiona concerning the referral of
fiying disc inforsation to OSI.
RACTOROUND:
Captain!
OSI, eth Air force
bowling field, nor requested that any information
be telephonicaliy jurnianed sanediately
concerning the sighting of flying draco enterprite,
day or night, by dialling Code 1261, and asking for
Istension 509.
captain l
nasuised the dir Force
le greatly conoerned about the captioned natter, and
would appreciate the Bureau'a cooperatíon in banediately
aduising of detalls received concerning auch conplaints.
ACTION&
It is reconnended a copu of thie memorandum
be filed in the night and week-end superuizor'a book
ur your office for their inforsation.
RiCONED: 1: 42-83474-314
58 SEP 18 1952

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 105, "chars": 730, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
8-99-52
dated October 1, 1947, and SAC Letter #38, dated
March 25, 1949, In the captioned matter.
It is noted that some Bureau fleld offices are not fur-
hunt call complaints regarding flying dies, pursuant
to existing Bureau instructions.
Upon receipt of information by your office relating to
the sighting of a flying disc, you should endeavor to determine
from the complainant details of the type referred to in the AIr
which was furnished to your office as an enclosure
The information should then be promptly fur-.
nished to OSI locally by your ollice.
aв you are aware,
the in-
vestigation 01 80 called 11ying digee 18 the 1ев0о10111 o g
Department of the Air Force.
162-8381414
NOT KKUOKIND
80 SEP
3
1952
2>7
= 51952
118

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 633, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorändum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
514120
DATE: Auguet 22,
1058
то
тком / ur.
SUBJECT
FLIING DISCS
PURPOSE:
Io recommend eristing inatructions to the field
re flying discs be called to
the attention of the
field.
BACKGROUND:
field indicates of communscations recesued son the
they are not obseruing ertating
instructiona
contained in Bureau Bulletin #57, para-
graph D, dated 10/1/47,
and SAC Letter #38, dated
3/25/49,
to refer details of complaints regarding
flying saucera
to OSI locally.
ACTION:
It is recommended the attached BAC: Letter
be fasued.
Vir
RECORDED - 34
[Y.129
162-23194-313
SEP! 5 185%
71 SEP 101952
276

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 740, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 25, 1958
RECORDED 14 6 2 0 2 3 $ 14-3/2
INDEXED-T4
51.32
loshkonong, dissourt
Dear Mr.
Your letter dated duguot 14, 2858, has been
recelved,
and I want to thank you for affording me the
benefit
of your obseruations.
=.
Incasuch ao the matter to crion you reger.
fs of interest to another governiental agenov, I au
•taking
liberty of gorwarding a copy of your con-
monicatior to the Direotor of special Investigations,
The
Inspector deneral, Department of the dir force,
The
Pentagon,
Mashington 25, Do Co
Sincerely yours,
John Edgar Hoover
Director
copy of incoming gent to the Director of Speotal
Inveatigations,
the Inspector General, Department of.
the dir force, bu form letter.
fit
fre.
X
MAILED 9
273
5ESEP 8
1952UG2 5 1952
ет

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 230, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
:8/14521,
Up Herow
ter -eur yenn
Kave t elaimel trake
irz Elyiz Sanrar via
a dissess bircediriz ebie
mustad atise which sue
periter in tie uin-
Icisands fittini cenemio
to. 51
RECORDED141 65-83-594-317
Kusinia
Elestra
TCllarr2 sK

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 156, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
2
thei suefnate keford
daylylth seine dot
sute Ikase we sée -
the vapier oulg-
Pieria Hie srunce ail
ya nill tare aute
Caif pe seir Depacto
Thaks
TeflTannz

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 91, "chars": 634, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RECORDEN 126
INDEXED • 126
auguat 20, 1852
Los Angeles 6, California
•Dear
EX * 73
letter of lugust 12, 1852;
has beer recerued
and I bart you to know that I approotate the interest
prompting you to bring your obseruationa to ay attention.
Inasnuch as the matter to which you refer 18 of
Interest to the Unsted States dir force authorities,
taking the liberty of making a copy of your communioation
available to The Honorable, The Secretary of the Air. Force,
The Pentagon, Hashington 85, Do Co
Strosrely yours,
ant
Matt,
John Edgar Hoover
Direotor
Il:griDkh
/'..
RECE'VE:
•ur 20
Do YAN
ÉB I
8283944311
COMM - FBI
ALIS
66 S5 MILED 39

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 797, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
jet 120 1952
hast puriay d; alle in: I attanted a lorolni floture rhera
#rQs
do C0E1t I0kad 10k 1169 Birt Birt=s 112ht
It tave re the dartealen that thire is it to a plane un In tho
Bly alth a 5i0t 11bt.t or aarob 11ght that 10 panů deon fres the plano
ard mben cut flun 38 cake in alicit to us ur thera to find then "
thay tuin off the licht and tiers Iot in fell that they have rade a
fist ceticia" ": 1:t0 lie sky at a ver! frat speed t7.1a lene ¿ces bac
I1ghts turid off and ati! SeIt kva! i.i ti, to cons cret the tor
¿i tbi9: Jara iney icult he sil? to citch 1: hut they should to
plase u7 id lave them cetil dov = Erot lett or Berch 1igt.t
find out if tile 18 ict trua
If thie 16 cI it! 13l; 1t will wake ua hurry
I dont trik I i ver: 0{f
lic
as. 20.5%
RECORDED - 126
EX - 73
- AUG 27 1989

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1651, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Diroctor, FBI
BAC, San Diogo
August 5, 1952
might be interested in the
following information concern-
ing the captioned organization.
I am transmitting horowith certain literaturo con-
corninn. the captioned organization which was furnished to
mo by!
- who oporates the C
Company in Son Diego and who has his office in the same
building housing the FBI offico.
It is of Intorest to note that on Friday, August 1,
1952, at approximatoly 12:00 noon,
asked to see
me urgently, which I did. As a member of the captioned
organization, he advised me that they were having & mooting
at 1:00 PM the samo day, Inasmuch as they had been advised
Ho went on to relate that through the means utilized by
organizetion (which tho enclosed literature will reflect
borders on
the occult), thoy were able to promosticato
well in advance the recent earthquake which occurred 1n
Tchachepi, Colifornia. Ho advised thet they have also
"..
been ablo to obtain the following Informations
1. That a very sovere tidal wave will hit the
Pacifie Ocean sometime in the not too remote future and
that most of the Japanese Islands will be washed away
and disappear.
2.
That all fishes with scales in Japaneso
waters will soon leave these waters for other destina-
tions, in viow of the oncoming tidal wave.
TM EIGH
3.
That this tidal wave will wash away the
Hawaiian
Islands.
11kewi30
4.
Thit the West Coast of the United States will
be affected by this tidal wave.
That they prognosticated the appearance of
a now island in the Pacific which was published in the
nowspapers within the past week.
JFS: ha
142-83894
•-!
NOT RECORDED
71 SEP B21952
147 - / * 1952
INITIALS ON ORIGINAL

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1514, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Diroootr, PBI
Re!
8-5-52
6.
That the flying saucers are not fantasios; that
they ere factuai and actual; that his associatos in the captionad
orgenization have boon in convorsation with the men operating
the Ilying saucers, and that they have asked that high offloiale
of the U. S. Government be informed that they are here on our
planet on a peaceful mission and that they are not on a warlike
misBion.
However, It the lo s. Government continues to send
• plenes after these Il jing saucers and il thoso planes fire on
the flying saucers, they have disintegrators which they will
utilize and whioh will disintograto thoso plenes complotoly in
20 time 11 at.
roquested that either I myself attend the
meeting at 1:00 PM or that I designato a stenographer to attend
the mooting,
ao that ahe could take down all the minutes of the
meeting.
told him that unfortunately this was very short
notice,
that I had another commitment and that our stenographers
were protty well ocoupied at that timo. He said he would adviso
me of
anything important that wight transpire at the mooting.
As of August 2, 1952, ho has not advised me of anything whi ob
transpired at the moeting.
I should like to point out that d appears to be
a perfectly sano, sound individual; he operates a very large
insurance business in San Diego, and 1s convinced in his on
mind of the efficacy of this organization.
No Intestigation 1s being conducted concerning this
mattor and I do not contemplate attending any metings of this
organization.
2=
: Г

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 1045, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dugust 88, 1958
RECORDED - 88
Jackaos, Minnesota
TABEXED - 88
'Dear Wr..
EX. - 73
together with enolosure, has been received,
Tour letter postmarkad duguet 25, end i.
want to thant you for bringing this natter to!ty
attention.
Inagnuóh as the oontenta of your communio
cation do not rofleot any violation within the
Jurtadiction of this Bureau, I am unable to comply
with your request.
I am taking the liberty of forwarding a
oopo as vour detter and your original enclosure to
the Director of Spectal Investigations, the Inapector
General,
: Departnent of the dir Force,
The Pentagon,
Fashington 85,
Do Go, since these matters may be of
Interest to that agenoy.
Sinoerely vours,
John Edgar Hoover
Director
Copy of incoming to Dept. of Air Force.
In view or correspoldebt 2Ranteafe to a
"ateady whit
light"
circling
their Jarm
letter
which is being rejerre
to the U.s. Air Force brandh? DEkerasheguin matters of this ty
Correspondent'g
enclosure was
shredded
strips of tinfot ple of what appeared. to
IH: mFf: 73
MAILED TO
AUG 3? 1952
SEP 8
1952

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1246, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
——_

1. Chey acs
Y/.. Lead ee tat gf

2);
b, Hee,

B00: ban glow

--

_—_— = K ra _
. i eet ts el 8.

=~)

Lew

_

_f

4 <a i ae

lads +

- S400

I aes

15.00

—— eo ae an
+ a ‘
*,. 3 «© 6
ar .

fon.
a
fd

7 a
. t-F dt hal f:" ae’ {

=," tel wf-) ~

_)

¥

ee

on:
yu | by We 3

/ q:

; yee Cotes ad, frie 4 weder we
x

,

\ “oe rs
a! ‘/ oe —_ te at?

7 '

Teepe 6 LAH

wtf et . x “aps a ot ( it, th vie

af) hee, ede" He a oe |

“F?
cA cry ae et ‘ Tle)

am J Cote tet
— ee er —-- rm Ot tk. ee ee ev Bee L pile e we oe te
. f La + - eos
oa _ _—
at 6a feb af ete’ y, +t te velar &. z ZEA, lhe Op att at
“ “> a Fd * “ ~~ ' ,
Ae: ti: 242. wa fo oaver wi gt _? Sete ttt? petit, et
~ oe , ° : . ‘5
tides Livctiyeoe foo Pa | —_ e's a a Hoes i ¢ NG E ‘
if}
* -,/f ‘ -
_ 44 0-3-3 e-pt pote VPb« eh Ler EO fe gor att fF he
. i: - *; 4
C44 a ty ite Pra eteo LA ad Feats ue me, t, an» t* ‘Bre
An Ay a re a ae
. p on oy me oy “7 oly Ye ee ee - I tot tT ie ie oe J ~~?
S ary. of (
A Pet dy th Maa Mm ib. a Lose Pe!
test eg tb OO ere ee Ae Co ri fn cL COSY , “ < - ate
Vhs CALS ee eo

7 ~ ie gtd boy AL ach ail

370

cad oe a Kr Insp tip wae Wt And

wt.
i a
es wd €e Aegis a po\deceee of AlLeia: t atot
2 hare >: ae ive 4 we f- ta Sr epee nS CE
Ab @los/f2 2H

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 25, "chars": 184, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
*
”
Latan
"'
™r
\
~ 1
- *

7e Fi. -, _ * 3 ke - am aye ee ty, a ee ae

- i -

m sept + * *
wy * ft as

ae

ao

ot

gargs sv agad § A a Mi,

4
* O3f 497%

dy WEEE CI 61 3
i.

Sanger Bn

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 119, "chars": 711, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TRUE COPY
Jaokson Kinn
dug 2, 1852
J. Edgar Hoover
rederal bureau of Investigation.
Mashington, D. C.
Dear Mr Hoovers
I don't know 15 you analyze articles so will
send you a sample of (aomething that 100ka Iike tinsel)
triangle Jorm.
Last Sunday Korning the Neighbors Wife
to get a drink of vater & happned to see a steady
ohite Light circling their farm, but didn't pay any
attention to it.
Than Sunday sorn. when ay uncle went
he saw this stuff shining in the sun
to get the coulant of been dropped out of a plane as it
was loose & not in a contatner a the nearest road ta
about a f mile from the pasture d now we are wondering
what it is.
So would like to have you analyze it a let
же ного.
Sincerely vours,

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 110, "chars": 790, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Date:
To:
Aurant 20, 1058
Director of special investigeiions
The inspector General
Deportment of the fir force".
the Pentagon
Facilnutor 25,.
Join Edgar Hoover, Tirector
federal rurcas of Investiration
FIT. CCIDE
APPROPRIAIS ACTICIE
AND FIELD DITICES
SLIP (5) 08.
Itere is ottoched a conunteation bhich"
2003
STOM
" enclore! "in a letter detra .!l! 27, 19ti,
few
!iT.
Frootlit a
Tor!, relative
• to tie orpiiore!!
"ester.
I'T.
and he hre
letter has heen ad notledçed
ters inporned #het tito concunication nar
been furnished
No further cotton
yor office for appropriate attention.
trio fureau.
do conternlatei in this natter bu
R
Aftee
CC:
RULED I
AUG 2 1 195?
COMM-FBI
SIANTITY IN ORITT CI
CED:bul
As Hare C
RECORDED - 161
Dalantial
No 20
LAUG
MIC 51
LET HENLE
-309
1052
EX-18
6U SEP
31952

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 736, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
)
Director, FRI
SAC, San Micro (100-3565)
BORDERIAIN SCILICES, RESEARCI ASSOCINTIS
San Dicron Calitornia;
818-52
Rofcrence is made to San DIogo Lettor datod 8-5-52 concorning the
captionad matter.
For the additional information of the Bureau, there is being trans-
mitted herewith one copy each of the follaring which were nade
availeble to me byli
→iho is a bonbor of the captiased
orgarizations
lo mimcopraplud lettor consisting of four
pagos addressed to His Bicellency, Tho
Prosidont of the United States.
2a lineographod arnouncenent consisting of
thrao pagos entitled "tor Information of
the Public - and the Sake of the Rocord -
1 Synopsis of Inportant Dita".
Enclosure (2)
142-83844
NOT RECORDED
147 EP 8 1952
15 SEP 101952
T

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 992, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TAMDNAT FORM NO
Office Memorundum • UNITED STALES GOVERNMENT
DATE: August 8, 1952
Teleca
La...
store
Mar im
FROM
SUDIBCT:
ANONYMOUS CORDUNICATION WIITTEN
DH GEINAN LINGAGE HECEIVED BY
→ PERTAINING
TO "FIXING SAUCERS"
SECUKITY M.TTI - X
Referenco is mide to a lotter fron the Cincinnati Office dated
August 6, 1952, submitting an anonynous letter in Coltan concarning
so-called "Flying Sancers."
Attached aie 9 corles of a tanslation of this forman natcrial
prepared in the Cryptanalysis-Iranslation Section.
No reply has been made by us to the August 6, 1952, letter from
Cincinnati.
RECOM ENDATION:
That the Domistic Intelligence Division revier the Cincinnati
submission and accon; anying Burcau translation, for aypropriate handling,
notin; particulaily a suggestion in the last paragrajli of the Cincinnati
lettor to consider makin/ this information available to other Governmental
Agencies.
KC900AR
62-83894
42-83899-708:3
-iN:Jen
.:
'Attachment ; -4
r.
EX. - 73
58 SEP 2
1952
....
....

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 131, "chars": 887, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LA LATION FOOMMAN
Firing saucos,
a raspon tested in 19li, which 10 probubly now boing produced in
BCT10B, and Di Illa tine causes a great stir, is a Y-eapon which
has e round body slullar to a disk having a diamoter of about
4ô-50 d. On the outer ring it has about 1i 50 autosatio circular
nozzles which after the ignition of the diuk oirculate around a
plexiglass sphore in the eenter in which the menauring and controlling
devleca for long-dintanco steering aro loanted, In the aphere 1s still
euilloient space for ator boabs.
Those reapons are in huasian hands
and can havo en effectivo rango os 30-35,000 la. The construator al
y-Toapons PIECEL In Gernany stated That it concerno a typical i-respon
on which he had worked himself.
I an sure that the truth 10 bettar
than a panie among ignorant peoplo.
11. iCH.
'Treat:
/':.
..%
-i'
: 4.91
COPIES DESIRO! :
270
NOV 19 1964
.....
--*-

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 791, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
Date:
To:
Auguot 14, 195?
the chor
Director of special Investigations
The Inspector Gereral
Department of the dir Force
The Pentagon
dashington 85, Da Co
Join sagar toover, iirector
¡ederal Bureau of Investigation
Surfect: TITIN DIEXS
siplanatory letter dated August 1,
There da attached a copy isse, self-
received
by
• this Bureau fron dra.!
Avenue,
feirmont,
Rest Virginia, relating
to
the captioned
matter.
'T8. 6
• letter has heen acknowlergea
and
she has heen
injormed that a copy of her letter
has beer Jurntified
to pour of ice for a propriate
attentior.
No fur per netion to contemplated in
this matter by this Bureau.
RECORDEN -Il ! !
307
10S 15 1
-
ACE:
-
d..
• ed
Bureau files fail to reflect any information
that can se identified. with l'rs.
9H10i1 H3
RATLA
= 53 AUG 26 1052

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 104, "chars": 732, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
!
late:
T0:
August 13, 1958
Director of Special Investigationa
The inspector General
Department of tie dir force
The Pentagon
Poshington P5, Do Co
From:
John Edgar Hoover, Director
¡jederal Bureau of Inuestigation
Subject: ILIING DISKS
There is attached a copy of a self
explanatory letter dated July 31, 1952, received
by this Bureau Srom Mr.
Part duenue,
dew tort city, relating to the
captioned matter.
letter has been ectrouledged i
and le has been informed that a copy of his letter
has been furnished to vour oifice for ap:ropriate
attention.
ho jurtler action to contennlated
this matter by this Bureau.
HECORDED - 11
-sE".
"4. 306
=5,1852
thet can he identified
bureated th 1o reflect any ormation
pith fir.
5! "
•É 26 1959

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 765, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
)
Dates
Augus * 13, 1852
To:
Director of spectal Investigationa
The Inspector General
Department of the dir force
The Pentagon
dashington 85, Do Go
subject:
Jonn sagar doovers director
rereral nureau of Investigation
FLING DISIS
There is attached a Photostat of a self
explanatoru letter dated huguet 5,
1952, a $
Pontiac, Michigan, recelved Dy this boney groo
Zone 17, Pontiac,
Michigan, relating to the captioned master.
.=
letter has been acknowledged
and he has been informed that a copy of his letter
has been surnished to your office dor arpropriate
attention.
do jurther action to contemplated in tris
matter bu
this Bureau.
дедт
NOTÉ
RECORDED - LI
Ex.. fi:
- 3'5
Hua 15,195%
There $a
no record identifiable with
in the files of the Bureau
LiM.
-GẦUG 201952

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 79, "chars": 581, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dugust 22, 1952
New Palestire,
Indiana
!'
=..
Dear Ira. 1
Tour letter dated July 31, 1952, addressed to the
• Department,
c/o Federal Bureau of Investigation, has been
received.
Tour interest in furnishing your obseruation in
this regard is appreciated.
In view of the contenta of your connunioation
which also appear to be of interest to the Department of
the dir Force, I have taken the liberty of furnishing
that Agency a
copu of your letter.
Sincerely yours,
John Edgar Hoover
Director
RECORDED 1%
+-42-83-894-304
....
IX. - 73
!
COMM - FEI
AUG 1.:
MAILED 20
68 AUG 24 1952
12

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 119, "chars": 907, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Auguet 11, 1952
CORDED - 119
Іг.
Hauston,
Dear
discongin
Your letter dated durust 1, 1952,
received, and I appreciate tie biterest which
promited your bringing your obaeruations to my
attention.
Inasmuch us the matter of the flying
saucers 88 being fivestigated by the United States
Air Force, I on tating the liberty of gorvarding a
copu or nour letter to the Director of Special Investigations,
The Insector General, Departnert of the Air, Force,
Ine Pentago
ashington,
1. c. If you have juriner observations along
tris Line,
I would sugiest that you may wish to con-
municate directly with him.
sincerely yours,
Jolin Edgar Hoover
Director
Copy by form to hir Force Intelligence.
NOTE:
• Special Agent
• EOD 3-38-25, GS-12,
$u760, assigned to linneapolis.
Special Agent
*EOD
315-6-31, 65-15,
$10,000, assigned Division
It as inspector.
KHD: crampor
*=•
HI!
29 85 26 2 90
62 AUG 2C 1052:
.-:=
42-83899303

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 916, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
:
fauston, discmaln, I lugust 105
ar. de Edit: doomt, vireoted
hastington, dn Co
Dear :il:
Asa metre ant s o es wt eden fore an nang had
I latr !ir libere »" m opinion
a lome dist the shrind
positie dol Ce
r¿ense? emirgs of expludnd
starino arond do die atmosphore.
d.!e? lh
drugt lo the inper authoritles and ser-
1"1" l'
aprot le jür comos en dis thudht.
i in a leigran of toth
.t=11 .3 "1 and e a.d also a menter of
Mie aer cn begier tor si pears.
Ien prisesly a rember of
Ie mericn berjon Josi, 4°1 of Fonsten; .faccia n niiel
HOT :i Driene ci0*.
Ie: iag i:nste ee? in toois dorr bie cource of
".'!:"
#LOR LNO SLr I_ tr
testen dr vur dici can
corea,:!.. "1e
hieu: folloning mp ai thia
igae.
Thadi c
t.i::.
menis.
eit' eit.
rüche ier jour cusperation anû conoldtrabion in
en plesse gemmenicrye au advise yolt crn-
inu's iers truly,
DXPEDIIK
R
:ostens cistonsin
Terwind file
4, CORDEL - 119
303
ua eato
AUG 871952

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 581, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MI
106 ÷ 195?
FEY, SAVANNAH
DIRECTOR, FBI
6-9-5€
URGENT
6-46 PM EST
Di is Ganeiy.-
VED
:
FLYING SAUCERS, SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT, AEC. SECURITY OFFICE OF
NEC
ADVISED THIS DATE THAT TWO EMPLOYEES OF THE E. I. DU PONT COMPANY
SA" A BLUE LIGHT WITH AN ORANGE FRINGE SHAPED LIKE A SAUCER FLY OVER
THE FOUR HUNDRED AREA OF THE SAVANNAH RIVER PLANT AT APPROXIMATELY
NINE IHIRTY PM AUGUST LIGHT, FIFTYTWO, OBJECT FLYING AT A HIGHRATE
DE SPEED AND TRAVZLINE IS A NOATHASTERN DIRECTION CE
RECORDED - 68
AUG 14 195%
SCHLENKER
ACK AND H O L D
7-48 PM OK FEI WA NRB
• •
•..
" 5'
{1
59 AUG 81 19:

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 4, "chars": 25, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
setI
IFO
sec 8
140 Pages

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 176, "chars": 1215, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FBI
Date:
21/7/57
- Trappall che following cossage ria.
(Priority or Machod of Hellian)
M
Tudo.
Boar
leim
Мг.
Mobs
Mr.
dires
Parad
Roser
Jami
True
MI.
Chayt
Tede Roo
Mr. Ballo
Mies Gas
25g
SiC, DEINUIT (100-76505)
UNIDENTIFILD FLYINÜ OLJLCTO; IS - X.
/барде
do betroit teletY- 0 Bureau, 11/7/ST, captioned «UNIDENTIFIED
Intervier of
aka.
repoited in ilari icio, live copies of
herevita lor tie iureau, was conducted by un
ETi
No
¡diestion of irr-tional or otherwise abnormal benávior
by
was observed during the intervieli.
acvised that his communication vaï directed to is.
alabil Winit rather than to President LISL.Buidi ziter
seeing lt. CUlLu's piclure and identification tita the
Prasident's Office in a local paper.
icsides vit!: his life, nee
ani four
arried in 1952 et jetroit Folish acignoorhoou at
silall child: en,
12 residence in ar old
Detroit.
No vrevious recorá Iocated
in Luvroit
Lavices iue..tifiable with
or fis wife.
On 11/7/57,
adrised IC
that
records
only
and 3/5% and 6/57, libicii confir
reflect
J'INE D;
156
wis local address and employment
Bureau (Encis.51 (EL)
Detruit.
Cr:JLI
(4)
ENCLOSUMI
INDEXED-J0
RECORDED-18
21 NOV, 38 2957
76N0V25 6N0V25 M
Al Approned:
special Agent La Charge
Sent.

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1600, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
FEDERAL BUREAT OI INTESTICATION
Detroit 31, dicita
de Repts, Fleaso Refor en
File hia
In response to a letter directed by hiis to ls.
dobert Cutler,
boscid] assistant to President milgit
: D.
Liseroner, roilecting that he "ai tt hove som
clout tha rochet in Texas, "
priation
• setroit, tito
midinca the following Iiloruation:
Dory jebriery 19, 1926 in the state of marcan, olard,
au broagit iros , oland as a arísouer of iar to
Gut alt bolssen, syprominutel: 30 wiles east of seriin, Germany,
, 2942,
shers ne renained until a fen weeks after tie
tie spent tue foilowin; years at
Displaceo sursons baups at «ork, strasburg,
vilenbure, isltein
ent iraiturs, Gerainy.
tie attencec e radio technician schos.
at tuiburs ana iot cicut a year vas enilojed in à tertile
mill et Laurachiacen, ver-eny.
¿tates di i.ei.
deplaced rerson, destined
to the lievereni .
lutranck, tichigan; lis alien registration auter -
Since tüy, 1951, be has been euployed et the Gobel
prevery, Detroit.
t'i...
News resort of mysterious vonicle in lexas causin;
engines to stall proopteó bin to connunicate with tie
United states Governent concerning & similar phenarezon
observed by din in 1944 in the Erea of Gut ilt volssen.
According to
•, ciring 1944, montà rot recéilea,
while enroute to work in a field a short distance norti oi
rut ait Golssen, their trictur engine stariea on a toau turour
a suti? area.
do machinory or otner ytnicle las f.tn ViSIOLe
«Elthou, i a noise ras heari descrilou as a high-pitoneu gle m
shillar to trat procuced by a larre electric sencrator.
63-13194-754

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 396, "chars": 2450, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
An "Sul guard arreared and talked brielly witi the verwan
river oi the tractor, who waited five to ten minutes,
¿ter rich the noise stoppea and the tractor engine was
varted nurnally.
Approxinately 3 hours later in the same
swamp area, but away from the road where the work crew nas"
cutting "hay", he surreptitiously, because of the Gernan
In charge of the crew and "SS" guards in the otherwise deserted
area, ouserved a circular enclosure approximately 100 to
150 yards li diameter protected iron viewers by a tarpaulia-.
type wal approxiliately 50 feet nith, iron wich a vehicle
was observed to slowly rise vertically to & heirht sufficiont
co clear the wall and then to move slowly horizontally e
short distance out ol his view, which was obstructea bi
nearby trees.
Inis vshicle, ouserved fron appro tuately
500 ¿Get, lãu ve-crivel as circulir in shape, 75 to 100
yards ii dianetir, and avout 14 leut high, consisting of
dark gray statlorary top and botton section, five to six
leet bigh.
The approxiuate three foot middle section appeared
to be a rapidly moving conponent producing a continuous blur.
siniles to in aeroplane propeller, bit extending the cir-i
cunferance oi the vehicle so far as could be observed.
The
noire euinatin Iren tie valicle was siwilar but of somewhat
lover pitcii than the noise previously heard.
Ihe engine of
the tractor aguin stalled on this occasion and no offort
was made by the Geruan driver to stast the engine until the
noise stoppcå, after whici. the engine started nornally.
Uninsulated metal, possibly copper,
cables one and one-half inch to two inches in diameter, on
and under the surface of the ground, in sole places covered
by water, were observed on this and previous occasions,
ayparently running between the enclosure and a stall
concrete coluun-like structure between the road and enclosure.
This area was not visited by
again until shortly after the end of world liar Il, when it
was observed the cables had been removed and the previous
locations of the concrete structure and the enclosure were
covered by water.
_stated he has not been in
communication since 1942 with any of the work crew of 16
or 18 men, consisting of wussian, french and lolish lUis,"
who hau uiscuused this incident awont themselves many times
is ever, oi these,
was able to recall by name
onlyl
no adaress known,
described
then about su years of age and presumed by!
sto
hav
alturned to Poland after 1945.
=.
Africa
*14

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 712, "chars": 4493, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Pe td eee | ek de oe

eM gee

~ led be
ving

fe een Rc tt fig

- amie

re a

wal La bee =

“ee mt en te.

f om a | ote Saar Cae RE eh AE REN TNE EER IEN Rt Pee
Moss ;. * -* AC Rss . + gt ae aoe _«

* - -
. a
f-_ om i ~ sf ae wee y eopese ge Sag at trp AFF Sar Sp Tike ” . Bp iF
. : . . ao Pe Jon vs F * = = bees ow gi iat prey. whe a tty
— =o " @& : . — Fa eS re Prt ee eee . ew Spleens Mere et ett et tone an egy 7 ee be - | 1

Ae"

We eee ie Cee at
ak Paha aioe

4
«
| at ie a EE i is ah Eee ES ot LN, Ce pea ae
- tee aad Sorte seem a asd Ree 3 iene nee ns
ihe oe vv) This report ‘da lozned to you by the Fal, -in2. ae
i

haw 4¢ maw 4tce sontents ore +5 Se Asetrihiuted « Poe or
‘ch ew wewe hd py

your agency." > ot Tn ae ae, ee oe

. . + _ ue - . .. o Jad eo hal aot F "= woe 7. PEST gt . o iF eS a aD
- * = -_ —_. ac.®. sh emeceetencug cE ey * =, sO cee ERAS og | +e $7. eet

. - ‘ + et ame | ar ee ety ee -TH - - * ih 1s Pesala . ao
- . "= 7 _- ="

*
- - 7 * ae FF hdl ad for . ” + - *
a.
=

-

be
£

- "4

. - ; = + = . =z 'l 4S “« 7 = x. —_ * J
_ a. - = - _7 es =
- ~~ ~.

*
__ i
. = wv.

™ . = ~~ Nettie

. eS SS eee Se Taito ors Reto oes beete 2th xe x Se ony ga

& - . 7 .
. r - a . * a See ee al : "et eo * y a i “A ie
: : . . .. . ae oe a =F =. ‘out wee 7 + ae ons. ‘ew dt =~ pe eres a ius *
#7*: wi - - --: =.

- .° Ton pees atte” pees oR ee ate eee cette +. “yf

. - ¥. . * ® .
- . - —_- -_ T oo Fe . 7" ' -_ ++ oo” . aio: ca = = = . Seta =: . -
. Ld ym = ~_— be vue tre a”. - Po “8 __ . - — ar. i 2

, : : -- -. 7 . - — > =. ‘
7* sala - us . . 7 7 a =a s i a es =r.

* * "Fm . a i. inal ™* — . h!, oo” i . . —' = \ er - 7 i
. . . “ow . - a Bey r° <a =

i A Ser ee 7
. . . . . ; 4 . ars . os : -*. « _ a * _ —~
. Dl vo Saar, 4 F (oF fo neler ee ea ae te

lanl hd . - 7 rt hie a + re ae e-5 "sare ao _ 1 . ak se .- hal  ae ~. "y cael . ‘es *

- . . - = : - =. - - a- oo. 7 7 Py :” + . ae > « fr |
- . —_ = og Pe ee ee a P . -aegliegth — dayton -2 eee Eee ee

r ' Ca - mal

. ‘ ~ - ° ‘ ~ . ie ad

~ ; : -
* : = = = 2 oe a a 7) ee eae
-_ * - - ~ ™ 7 i ye = So “ = + — ~
. — : . . - Ww * . = . . OT ge ee | tea at als ae
afoot = - . -_— of - . —~_—s* 2 =F 1 oe OF —_ | olin “7 .
7 me =" . . ~_ . . “eo ow. a - ' & = - ao" = *)
* . ‘, ho _™ ~ . . . - ” _- = 7 ar) -= 7 a *

7 —_ =e Slum hu lt 2.8 = ee . . - a aeiilien, de te ee be - ee oe .
—_ ’

al ur. pote + totes Aer:

. 7 :* + 7 7 -" ™.. * = -= _* -
~ ee = - = . ete el +o SS es + Pus |
7 | eli finns Pe ae ee ee ner ge caer, AE “Aeentell Seal” pater Viera Fat HS Tk. Sphne Cheba pe 2 at ae POT Y on ALA pee

oo oe a ee - See a ee ee _— ant EL.

- = ha-d

; 0 eT Rat a reales ee Ba at

+

- a - | a ae ee - oe tow mo Me at ee ee
. . — " ee ES te eS
. “peg @-staeer « . ert BE an en re i 1 ies 7 ee __ - a 5c gh Grey 2 Es
-~.. . a en . a ome _ . ~~ ye ars mn he A a "te en
* * . . a 7+ . ee _ =

: - 4 = _ - . : _ ~~ * - 7+ 227 ari - _s =~a.4% — = oa

eo pues _ wee le — the A a eee a eee ee ee ~ co eon ee ‘wits 6g Si ey

ot" - + + - Ce ah _ so —- .

- a < 4 * o aa - 7 . ~ ™ =< ‘ . ‘, a _* a . — te

“er ee + = - . 4 ee od ae! i .* eee mle a =~... a - 7 i dol on whe, arto. ae sd hd 7 fe. “ex? Por
- i ah . . a. oe s° -” a, * il th ae a, seer See PW ne. Te ee i, ee al ee as ad tye
ro. 7 = 7 Be, - _* ~ a lou - = =, “0 Sei] ots -- ne ay,

- . _s ~ . sot * 207 se a ea tase TWIST: ars
- * _—— = : +"

ot

i te ; Tm erg eae erie ie eich enter daar aes el Fy
2 Ese Osorno! es. Sheet OE 2k he Fa Rs Ss oe eee: oben ght oe
enol, ae way nner colder < aie es ncaa tin gute einlaths Reine Da na Ans amnesty Tt nt sienna

wee Rt UT Se RL ae Bre em ee ee ays we eee ara Ren -
a". - - . * . . : 7 a * . ": - ak = Se eR oe a etsy bat ame a 4

Pets ee tO eee -:

i +e ene ee atees aaa ie - a de ee na 7
=~ . ! _o.* “= =< rE a == . le a + Faéa at
i, liane ee "mm. 4 . wm ee 8 ee ee . me De

i . — . Tt. . iad - -. = = -- _— —" - re =e" - _ -—

Sigg 5 GRE LAE es seit: owe Tee SOAS TEER
‘ * a . - E

Pewee awe oN Dates ore ie pce , ee wey ons “0 pO ae a ae mn toe

~ aed Nl pt ee een ee ee nn eg eee et Ce ay ee eT ne geo —

Ee et le ee
|e Se eee 2 TOE Oe ea SGU Biae ae OT iaaheen es eet ana QQ 7 * et ee

. +

we, F . amet d . _ . ws mige . -™ Yee noe . eal ee . WW we -
“oS at. tre, ha aint ‘ eee mr. = ' oie Me te ak, We: Tah. vo £33

. Ff 2: .* ee ge! _ aod Ae . tor <n, a CA, oat watin: coed

se * LORIN D were oak wu

digienneeie OEE ap Pate aed cade

mG ee ee Ce i an inte oe
i . canal “Ta ._ 7 8 * _—_— ae; . . z - ae am: ala sl “-

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 208, "chars": 1455, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-vision"}
) Mr.
Boardmar
Belmont
- Ito sanders
I - ligion
BT BOURIES VERTICI
serrisber 8, 1957
"NIc
NT. J. Patriok Gayno
Matlonal Baourity GounolI
freoutlue Offl08 Dullding
RECORDED-84
zaga!rgten 25, #a
#Da7 058 3894- 383
ALL IMFORMATION CONTAINED \
HETE CO/ESS2
THDEKED
to zia bere ul aa na ena 2 tor ra
кт.
In w710h
carices baas he alght
наце воне
Inforaatton
"about the pooket in faxas, o
lie deafred
$0
trone to whor de
gould epeat fr bbio regerdo
ST 105
Lite
Da8 IntoTulONed on HOvEnDer 2 1957
et öhioh tine
he adblned that ble nane
f8
trat не io a,00 morn
That he sas born
ei zinvory In 1220г
zach
dedtthst ta sce
e Gerrar priconer of war fron Jav, 1912, BntIl the Burrer
GEK
mien
Tay 2 195
ladulerd shatihe arrivar IN Now TOZk o
• " d'eelased testorurg ione, Strde bera
aduraad that during i9th,
в етал JrIORT од Бат, не ОБЕТый в Велівив велоР
geventy flue to ane bundred yonda, 1n°°
elanetate
and eppresfratelyjourtees jeet high,
the sehlole sas
DaerDea s0 T608 vertfoally to a hershito
suff!!ert *e »!sar
¿ fifg, feet ya!! end that !$ nancé?
EI
alouly hortrontally
blatenco out af Di00 mlol gue =
obstruoted dy trees.
He stated that the angere of a
trastor faried to aperate
baring tat he d nad e t
15g
engine falled or one
her geocs son auen a digropitahad
C.D PE'WOH|
afruli
REtSOnaI
BE
tal Snatabsllty.
Retr
EE
ESS:dan
(13)
9 33b4-ДEb CI
1e B I
STONYEI
HE HED-HE
Necso
Tele. Rook
Hole=→
Goody _
EY COUBTER SVO
8 NOV 21 18
73N0V 1 2
MAIL MOON L
CONE DED

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 75, "chars": 575, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mr. Jo Patrick Coyne
"You salll be adulsed of any further Informatior
which say be recelved regarding
i and the
injoraction furntated by kin.
Pursuant to your reguesto lr..
letter le returned herevitt.
5.=.
Bincerely yours,
1 = Office of securtly
Departuent of State
1- Director
central Intelligence Agency
ditentions Deputy Director, Plars
¿ - Assistant frief of Staff, Intelligence
Department of the Arny
Attentior: Chlej, Security Division
1 - Director of Naval Intelligence
1 - Office of Special Investigatione
dir Force
1 = Insigration and Naturalizattor service
02=
--

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 199, "chars": 1327, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
610
ON
CONTAINED
deye
Coyne, NSC (Eart,
catA, Arry,
mary, AP, INs
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION.
IL 8. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE
COMMUNICATIONS SECTION
NOV 7
195.
TELETYPE
Mr. Tolson
Bonfdpar
Tatte
Trotter
Clayton
Tele: LooTa
URGENT
11-7-57 4-55 PM IST WHH
Mina S
Tandy
TO DIRECTOR FBI
FROM
SAC, DETROIT 1P
FLyING DIseS
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS, IS-%
REBUTE NOV SIAST HAR
• DOB FES
NINETEEN, NINETEEN IVENTYSIX, WARSAW, POLAND, HAS GERMAN POM E?
MAY, NINETEEN FORTY TOO, UNTIL SUMMER OF NINETEEN COURTYFIVE. SE
BRIVED NY MAY TWO, NINETEEN FIFTYONE, AS DP, AR NO. 9B-S
UPON INTIRVIEW
ADVISED THAT WHILE GERMAN POW DURING NINETEEN FORTYFOUR OBSERVED
VEHICLE DESCRIBED AS CIRCULAR IN SHAPE& SEVENTY FIVE TO ONE
UNDRED YARDS IN DIAMETER, APPROXIMATELY FOURTEEN FEET HIGH. THE
VEHICLE WAS OBSERVED TO SLOWLY RISE VERTICALLY TO HEIGHT
SUFFICIENT TO CLEAR FIETY FOOT WALL AND TO MOVE SLOULY
- JC.c
HORIZONTALLY A SHORT DISTANCE OUT OF VIEW OBSTRUCTED BY TREES.
ENGINE OF TRACTOR FAILED TO OPERATE DURING THIS PERIOD AND ri
ONE OTHER OCCASION WHEN HIGH PITCHED WHINNING NOISE HEARD
IN AREA. NO INDICATION OF MENTAL INSIABILITY DURING
INTERVIEN, FURTHER DETAILS FOLLOW AMSD.
est
E CORRECT LINI POUR VOTD IN TOUR SHLD-BE•
IND AND A X PLS.
85894 - 343
X$-58 PM OK FBI VA IN
IU DIC
RECORDED.
12=
Fà.!
palate
E. BOLD NOV 13 1957
eittrange

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 662, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
novender 6, 8957
PLATN TEXT
T...
DELEITE
RECORDED
БАС,
PETROIT
18-434911-392
UNTDENTIPIED PITING OBJECTS, IS-T. SIR.
(ll (Eg)
DETROTI, JUICHIGAY,
ADDRESSED LETTER DATED NOVINBER TOURIZ TO ROBERT CUTLER,
- DEO: IS EPICINE ASSISTANT TO SHE PRESTINI, SIATING QUOIS I
SIGHT BATE SOLE JIFORLATION ABOUT THE ROCKET IN IITAS. I
HEARD ABOUI TE DII TIE POLISII RADIO PROGRAL, I FOULD ITKI
TO AVON IS BEDL' I COULD PEAK ДО. INQUOII REDIATEL!
INZIRTIER J
MATOR ANY INFOFLIATION HIS BLAT EATS. BUTILES
REFLECT AS INFORSIZION RE I
SUTII.
8595E TOULAS I ENESTENT.
V.2. DCPATTICENI OF AIIE
DUMTUSELUGES STRI
HOV G 7957
Bride
: = Lars
Sipt
• sona fie
67-83894
-68N01 21155/,a12

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 102, "chars": 721, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0-0
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT
NATIONAL SECUKITY COUNCL
WASHHOTON
November 5, 2951
FASTANDU: FOR IMN. ALA' HO BANDIT
ASSISTATI DIRECTOI, STI
pursuent to a convergation mith you a ter moments aco,
thore is enclosed a lotte recalend General Cutler!
office todey froza ls.
Detroit 12,
fichigen.
It would be approciatod il lie Dureau, at its convenience,
Fould arrange for a representative to intervien
for the purpose of obtaining any inforuation in his possession
In elavoration of the substance of his letter.
Jour assistance do this and related natters 1s approciated
strick Dorse
* →.
ritish
I sould aprreciato the satura al
aten it tas Berred your purpose.
lotter
JIC
div
/ENCOURS
RDED-84
46=12
= 18 NOY 18 1857

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 1437, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
|
- 1 ° |
= _ Z might have some information about the rocket fn fexas, .

= | - Sioosrly Your's oe °

OR ime rT Nr RTE
a . a 4 1 1: / * .
‘ 1 ' an . me ad

nas eg | Ce ee ee ee ee Cs? ee ee oa Te : i : = aah ’ 1 we
4 bie a att A A al nec i tal A a ital a al te Eg a te py shee ee Se ee ee ee ee ee
~ ey

- .. * 1 ~ i
‘ = = . . . . ™ -_ oe

: corr
. . ae

ie = +s abe EA.
j 7 oN Ne cs
. Bor. 4, OT, “Ags

oe t , . ty Fe

- => £-

| ‘ — . : ; 2 a

ah.

Dear itr, Robert Cutler; , | .

a 2 heard about tt on the Polish Redlo Prosran, - Oe
an Twould ike to tmow to whoa I eoulé peak to. So
ae i nina TERIOR ETS

a
. .
* * = ~~. eo

= : "
bead . P 7 =
i -
. =
- - * * “
. » am as - -
- " #..
~ Ld
- -
-
= ° ;
-
* . "
. -
+ ~
=
- -
2 ™ 7.
' = 1 - ™, . 7 .
; _* + :
8 s. _—!—_ i= * ¢ danal i ere
pee ns AME FOS SFE ET FI ae or ery eee: Te RSs a a -
. ; = al —_ Pplingien — el i ~ - i
*-_ = i = = =z - .- .F -, Pte = a
. ~ -_ ail -_ 2 ae pene =a * ~ ag om: ": =" ~_
fen ag tm: . Ser es De
ee ees se
2 ™~ »
7
= 7 .
. _ —_—— = - “shat
_o
-_ - - . —
-- +.
-= - - =. " - +
~ . ve icine ee
— — ~~ Z "le 7. = -
= * *
. -
. .
* —
. 7
. ~~ . * =o, Tee fare us 4.0% = _ = =‘ am ° .-"
ee ae ee oe ee eee er — 7 * ° | ’ =a st ; _
= —_ - Ss Far fee = _ — + = = —_ a =
—e ies = ee ee ee ae es

j- & «
a . . : q
aa COPY te at
- * * aa ee
eee —_ Te ° _ =," Oe
- " = 4 ae * Ae ss.
™ ° . + at:
" val F.8.-F = ~~ “Feet.
. hal - — * =A — >> . *
“ ° “ + - 7
_s . .

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 164, "chars": 1177, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ael (1,09: 4-28-879
DECODED COPY
Radio
Teletype
rohi
Toma
Trotte
Nease -
Tolo. Roos
Hollowan
Gandy -
bre
670
DEFERRED
11-8-57
TO DIREÇTOR
FLYING VISCS
FROM SAC, SPRINGIELD
072245
REPORT OF SIGHTING OF UNKNOWN FLYING OBJECT NEAR DANVILLE,
ILLIÑOIS, NOVEMBER 6, 1957,
INFORMATION CONCERNING.
REPORTED THAT
REPORTED AT APPROXIMATELY 9:00 PM, NOVEMBER
7, 1957, SIGHTING
A BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT FLYING THROUGH THE AIR IN A SOUTHWESTERLY
DIRECTION FROM DANVILLE, ILLINOIS.
TRIED TO FOLLOW
IN THEIR CAR IN THE SAME DIRECTION AND DROVE GENERALLY IN A
SOUTHWESTERLY DIRECTION FOR TWENTY MILES WHEN THEY LOST SIGHT
OF THE OBJECT. OURING THIS TIE IT APPEARED AS BRIGHT WHITE,
AMBER AND ORANGE. NO INDICATION THAT IT DIPPED TO THE GROUND: *
OR THAT IT AFFECTED THEIR CAR. THEY REPORTED FOR A FEW SECONDS
IT SEEMED TO AFFECT BOTH THE RECEIVER AND TRANSMITTER OF THEIR
¡ FM TWO-WAY RADIO.
REPRESENTATIVES OF INTERNATIONAL NEWS SERVICE
INQUIRED THIS OFFICE CONCERNING, NO COMMENT WAS MADE. ABOVE
'BEING FURNISHED FOR INFORMATION
• BUREAU.
RECEIVED:
11:49 AM RADIO
RECORDED - 50
INDEXED-5Q
62-83814-38
12:17 PM CODING UNIT*
EMW
tó NOV 12 1957
N5. Rosea
70 NOV 201957
reposted that it be suitably

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 1160, "method": "ocr", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-vision"}
edi (7907.7-88-87)
DECODED COPY
- Radio
Teletype
Tolson
Nichols
Boardroo
-Belmond
Mohi
Partone
Rosen y
Tano
Trotter
Noose.
Tele. Rood
Holloras .
Segan
• DEFERRED
11-8-57
TO DIRECTOR
ALL FROM SAG, HOUSTON
FLYING DISCS
630
UNIDENTIFIED OBJECT WHICH FELL NEAR HOME MRS.
HOUSTON, TEXAS, OCTOBER 24 LAST. INFORMATION CONCERNING.
MRS.
_HOUSTON, ADVISED THAT ON
OCTOBER 24 LAST OBJECT BETWEEN SIZE OF GOLF BALL AND FIST
FELL INTO HER YARD. OBJECT ALLEGEDLY OF METALLIC ASH OF
SOME KIND, WAS BRIGHT AND HOT WHEN IT FELL. OBJECT FOUND
I WHO REPORTED IT TO SCIENCE TEACHER,
WHO SUGGESTED AUTHORITIES BE CONTACTED. INFORMATION FURNISHED
OSI, ELLINGTON AFB, WHO HAS CONDUCTED INVESTIGATION. PRESS
INQUIRY RECEIVED TODAY.. ANSWERED BY STATING REPORT OF FALLING
OBJECT HAD BEEN RECEIVED AND INFORMATION CONCERNING HAD BEEN
RELAYED TO MILITARY AUTHORITIES, ELLINGTON AFB. OBJECT
ACCORDING TO OSt IS PART OF AN ORDINARY FLARE. AND OF NO
SIGHIFICANCE. ¡EOR BUREAUS INFORMATION.
RECEIVED:
# 4:44 PM RADIO
5:11 PM CODING UNIT HT
*r. BoLmont
...
RECORDED - 50
62-83894-380
INDEXED-50.
a NOV 12 1957
!!!!
=
LUKU: 91957,
Pare rael a are a prode la he is a geo
red outside the Bates

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1333, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-vision"}
L
• •
Office Me X. Indum • UNITE FAgS GOVERNMEN
TO
*DIRECTER FDI
DATE:
11-8-57
BAC KANSAS CITY (66-2895)
FLYING DISCS
INFORNATION CONCERIING
On November 5, 1957, SA (A)
'eceived
information from Mr.
Kansas City, Nissouri that an uncle,
, employed by an aircraft concern and
residing at Fort forth, Texas, cbout tvo years ago saw an
unidentified subject in the sly near his home.
te obtained
his novie camera and tool pictures of the object. About.
eighteen months ago the uncle visited in Kansas City and
the movies of the flying disc vere sborn.
According to
the pictures were very good and consisted of about
fifteen feet of filn.
stated that he and his uncle have felt "100l1sh"
when discussing the matter and never bothered to seport it.
He said hovever, in vier of the late international developments
he felt that the Government Bbould have this Infornation.
In vlew of the tact that the Bureau may be interested
in this film, it 15 requested that the Dallas Office at
Fort forth, Texas locate and interview ‹
and obtain the f11m for transnittal
, to the surcau.
It is suggested that the bureau, after revieving the
{1lm, advise the Office of specipl Investigations, USAT,
of any pertinent Infornation depned appropriate...
2 - Bureau
- Dallas
- Kansas City (66-2095)
ISF: 11
(5)
RECORDED -
21 NOV 1º 1957
64 NOV 18 1957 F492-'

===== PAGE 100 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 1219, "method": "ocr", "page": 100, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FEDERAL BUREAU OF IRVESTIGATION
IL, & DEPNATMENT OF JUSTICE
CANMUNICATIONS SECTION
NOV 7 1957
ІДЕТУРЕ
Er. Toleon
sit. Boardım
MI. Belmont
MI. Mobre
Mr. Neare
Mi. Parsozu
Mr. Rosen
Ms. Tarra
Mr. Trotter
Mir. Clayton
Tele Roora..
URGENT 11-7-57 - 12-41 AM GPU
I. COLOMAn
and.
TO DIRECTOR 2
YORK IP
FROM SAC NOiRLyiNg DIsos
stress.
- UNIDENTIFIII FLYING OBJECTS OVER INCORPORATED VILLAGE OF OLD BROOK -
BIC VILLE be NY. EVENING OF ELEVEN SIX FIFTYSEVEN. INTO CONCERNING.
OF INC. VILLAGE OF OLD BROOKVILLE. ADVISED SEVERAL
RESIDENTS OF THAT AREA AND MEMBER OF PD HAVE REPORTED SIGHTING IWO RED
LIGHTS HOVERING IN AIR THAT VICINITY. LIGHTS APPIAR TO BE AN EVEN
• DISTANCE APART AND TO BE JOINED TOGETHER. AT ONE TIME THESE LIGHTS
LIT UP AND SEEMED TO CAST A RED DUST OR JOG IN SURROUNDING AIR.
AIR FORCE BASE
ADVISED HE REPORTED ABOVE INFO TO MITCHELL AFB AND ROSELYN
AIRFIELD, BOTH ADVISED RECEIVING NUMEROUS REPORTS RE ABOVE AND
(BOSILYN AIR FIELD SAID AIRCRAFT ARE INVISTIGATING MATTER. (
ADVISED ABOVE INFO BROADCAST ON NEWS PROGRAM LOCAL RADIO STATION WINS.
OSI, ONE, G-IWO, CAA IN AREA ADVISED.
IND AND ACK PIS
NY R 2 NA LO
LIC
cekranigan
RECORDED, 19
62-83894-378
INDEXED - 29
Li Ma Nor 8 1957
18 70 NOV 201952,
BeLa

===== PAGE 101 =====
{"alpha_words": 56, "chars": 526, "method": "ocr", "page": 101, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office M. í mondum • UNITE OrDES GOVERNMENI
• DIRECTOR, FBI (62-83894)
DATE: 4/24/57
TO
'GROM
CIVILIAN RESEABCH
D
INTERDLANENARY FLYING DETEOTS
Cincinnati 2T,
ohio
MISCELLANEUJS - INFORMATION CONCERNING
Relet from Norfoll: to Bureau dated 4/18/57.
for information of Bureau, only record in
That contained in Richnond aetter to Bureau dated 3/28/57
entitled WILHELM REICH, MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION
CONCERNING"
RUC
TEB/MCW
(4)
2-Director
1-Cincinnati (100-11671) (Info.)
I-Richmond.
$.
TECORDED - 25
4084211-317
• APR 251957

===== PAGE 102 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 2098, "method": "ocr", "page": 102, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0
BAC, Cloclanatl (100-11071)
Артll 83, 8057
Director, TBI (62-89891) •
RECORDED - 83
4283911-376
CIVILIAN RESEARCE
ta. 131
INTERPLANETARY FLYING OBJECTS
hairbiter
CINCINNATI 21, OMO
MISCELLANEOUS « INFORMATION DONCERNING
- Beuriet April 12, 1057, caplioned as abore.
Bullles reflect that (
of Dr. Wilbelm Reich,
MI.D., Director of the Wilbelm Relch Institute, eka,, The Orgone Institute Resear
Laboratories, Inc., at Rangeley, Maine. Dr. Allbelm Reich, following extensive
Investigation by the Food and Drug Administration, Unlted States Department of
Bealth, Education and Wellare, In May, 1056, mas found guilty of contempt of cour
falloting the issuRnce of an injunction harriag interstate shipment of devices,
Ilterature and promotional material regarding treatmente by Reich of cancer and
otber serlous diseases, said devices baring been described as wortbless by the
Food and Drug Administratlon. Following unsuccessful appeal allorts, Reich mas
Imprisoned on March 12, 1957. Since early 1951, as well as previous thereto,
Wilbelm Reich,
*,
man and otber members of Reich'a atati have
directed voluminous correspondence to the Bureau, to Tarlous Bureau divisions, di
otber United States Goverument agencies and officials. None of the material revie
et the Bureau has Indicated any vlolations althin the investigative jurisdiction of thi
Bureau.
i It la noted that Dr.
1 vas rocoatly
Intervieved by Special Agents of the Richmond Office assigned to the Alexandris, '
Virginia, Resident Agency at which time she furnished information in essence
• comparable with that set forth in ber letter tor i She also Indicated at
that time that she had addressed simliar Information to the office of United States
Genator Margaret Chase Smith and bad contacted Assistant United States Attorney
General Willlam Torapkins. At that time
Fritatio
, a naturalized citizen of the
•Dusted States, also made certal derogatory conments relatlag to justice
Richmond, with entlot
te (SEND BY REGISTERED MAIL)
Norfolk (SEND BY REGSTERED MAIL)'.•
СТИІТ ГРР?
(6)
F250
- 68 APR 207357
COmin- FBI
APR 23 1957
MAILED 31

===== PAGE 103 =====
{"alpha_words": 130, "chars": 887, "method": "ocr", "page": 103, "variant": "plain-vision"}
BAC, Cinelonall
and goverament adrolnistration in tho United States, representing possible
adiulasions agalnet Interest. This information vas furalshed by the Bureau to
Assistant Allornes Gencral Tompkins and the Director of the InFlysallon 20$
Naturallzallon Seritca.
In pier of the abore information and in the absence of any
Indication that matters related by C
in ber letter tol
are with
the Bureau's Jarlalietlon, Richmond should disregard the lead act out in the las
paragraph of relerenced Clocinnall letter.
There is enclosed herewith for the Richmond Delice an Autostat
of fla bicich'a letter to l conard Stringliali, Cincinnall, Oblo, dated Yarch 18,
1857. In riew of
rest, varuc threatened use of force (set forth in the last
parpgraph of her leiter lol
michaond Dirision should promplly make
this Information arallable to appropriate local olliclals in Alaxandria, Virginia.

===== PAGE 104 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1787, "method": "ocr", "page": 104, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandim • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO
Director, FBI (62-83894)
DATB: 4/12/57
SUBJECT:
SAC, Cinoinnat1 (100-11671)
CIVILIAN RESEARCE,
INTERPLANETARY FLYING OBJEGTS
Cincinnati 27, Ohio
O FLYING SAUCERS
MISCELLANEOUS - INFORMATION CONCERNING
OHLe
on March 25, 19518
appeared at
the cincinnati Offico for the purpose ol calling attention t9 a
lotter datod March 19, 1957, which he had received from
For the information of the Bureau and the Norfolk Offico,
1a presently the Advertising Manager for
to
cincinnati, obio. According
he has been interested in Ilying discs or objects
fOr
a number of jears and has cooperated with the United States
Air Force to the extent of furnishing the Air Force with any
information on flying objects coming to his attention. Mr.
was also the publisher of a paper called the
which
carried the following heading:
was a monthly publication which carried information and intelligence
research by
¡ on Iljing objects, According to
tho
had a Limited circulation.
In connection with Dr.
Letter,
stated that prior to the receipt
of the letter he received
• 1ong
distance telephone call from Dr.
on March 12, 1957.
call was received by him in the
This
•arLy norning prior to his departure
Ios work. He rolated that Dr.
was a subscriber to the
and that during the phone conversationahe nado reference to some
of his roports which he had published in the
and for tho
most part spoke on matters that were "over his head"
and things
that ho did not understand. According to
sho concluded
the conversation by stating she would arito him a letter,
-Lottor vas the reason for L1s call 0z the BBI62 -83
1894-376
2
Bure(62-83894)(EM) Eno1082508 - 2)
• Norfolk (EM) (Enclosure - 1)
• APR XX 1957
Cincinnati (100-11671)
(1 - 65-1994)
/ENC
RECORDED - 83
-INDEXED - 83

===== PAGE 105 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1305, "method": "ocr", "page": 105, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CI.1100-17671
Turnished the lotter to this ostice"-
but destred the sane be roturned to him and it abould be notod the
•testifying before some Congression
committoo In connection with flying saucers and bie publication.
She further spoaks of events designated "OROP Desort Ea" which
knows nothing about.
In the tirat paragraph of page 2 In speaking of the
above event, she makes reforence that there 1a evidenco for
esplonage against this work and later adds that the FBI ao Iar
bas doclined to Investigato as the subjoct 18 "not within their
jurisdiction".
evidence of the "orgone energy motor", which e
knowledge of. Dr.l
formor members on the start of the expedition
mentions a number on PoR Desot Ber.
for the information of the Bureau and Horfolk, persons
mentioned by Dr. !
in her lotter have been chocked through the
. Cincinnati indices with nogativo resulto.
Thoro aro attached hereto two autostatio copios oI
detter to Mr. l
- dated March 19, 1957.
IOT
the Bureau,
and one copy Ior the Noriolk office.
Ibe Norfolk Office
1s toquested to check their indicos on Dr.C.
• ana rurnish the
Bureau with any Identifiable data concerning her and persons men-
tioned In ber letter of March 19, 1957. This office is returning
the original to tr. C
the same in this office.
and Is not maintaining a copy of

===== PAGE 106 =====
{"alpha_words": 416, "chars": 2624, "method": "ocr", "page": 106, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cincinnats,
weres 20, 1959
Enir lettor du to contir sud airborato tho pestruti oi our toloptati
dostrentios on Maras 12, 105%, At that tiro I aullad you en my ens dastietiro,
• It mas ry ala to flad out shather gou
as bastor of!
→ you daro dollootod aDo Lilou oraT sororal gratto
In your ortodel espadi y as Poraer DE 18t 11220 02107 ( 2l dromatie
about you tis flonned fros Erard de Ruppelt'a book "The UPO Btory"). I finell;
danod ay oril os the titla of your publiontion "The oftrelal Pubisantion as
" ai dinitagulabes fron tio
ruilos mho debblo da the valo
I Inforaad you thet ateliarabara al Espedition Drop Dosort da, dirlecce a
1854-1856 had dodged a chergo of troenos, sraud, pertury and accepirary agalsot
portela forerasant estioial, throuch the offioo of senator Margerot Ouano dalto
on Haroh 1, 1869, That thoro son bad obstruoted ritel civillas rosearob
au the spaso probles, and hara pos apperantly guooooded in Shoir trekobarou
attack through doireuding the IS court as to the nature of the work derried
durios Espodition, Drop Desort da, the Sinoorares of Lula LearEy, Dro
bolog consaquentiy imprisonad on Xareh 12, 1051, The stats darkoes
of ixpedition
Orop Desert te wich to atrons that io salinz their ahergon they
ero notios striotly en their pus, en the beals el the respootito facto knora
to anoh osa.
ds inrartigatlos by the Daltod statos confross bas therosore dan
roquanted by us, gosseraing the valoriying faoto in this smique soandal.
Thet bes to do oposed up le the catiro flold of UPO phosoness, to vatua
Boorooy by dirforo
bordquartora, and the cuppression el publio sons audaerais
the aub joot.
Irideano pointe to the axiutenio of a videsprand conspiraay of
thore sho mast to salatela the atetue quo of the prosent morld rien. tho
atonio-mobenietio empty apeco hypotheris, the IREs la the baoke ouad ato
mant to kIll all des kaorladio by orialaal marne. Dur aridesso abors thet they
open-
lorpy tes expoutad.
dor seferedoo you baro to go to sho searest li biotrio
Court shore you rill Finé Tolue y
lovard Appendis to briolo for Apporteata
Cano Mo, 6160, Suprene gourt Humber 8BB, Booret and Suppresned Iridenas, Oran
Dorort de, 2084-1865. Duo Iitla os the Roport de "Costeot vith spear"
Boooad Roport, 2051 - 1856, Dy Wilhola Relon. Di. Nolab vas fouad fullty ef
Dostrapt of fourt for dinobogine en ILANIU and fraupuleatiy obtelsod ardar
Egalant die work (1954) and fos otation at trlei tant do dad to gratissa 7e
rt for soerous al rational aosursty.
Na, the stati seabara of thie expoditios era faotuel vitzosaas to
à° tho port nuat as a Oranur esportaent, Orus (Denatures Ruoloer antettel a

===== PAGE 107 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1825, "method": "ocr", "page": 107, "variant": "plain-vision"}
co.
(
conferesoon Vito AiIC, Motifloation of gorerasent afflosale da raggosalblo poRst
Coasoronaas vita CIA, 8 DOR aloudo and alients, DOR pooral (Eaos gooellod,
avor fpeerte, Eurricaso diasspations Iransportetios of Prur Laoludlog
And many surthor dotelled expecta of CROP Dosort la work suan as tho'
sodas fouad asperizontally a oto., oto..oo !haro in so abortago of feste o
absorrations, and aridoroo, But the Iruth bas ao per sot got dars hoerd, mile
ruthoraro thoro le oridenco for deploraço egalast this sort o sappor
radio, operad wall oto.
"laco to deto tro'e aro officially posersoteat
Ino TBI bar porar doolined to sarantigato du the subjact de ot within thois
suriodiotion"
I as personally vitoor to the faet of the ariotosco al
the Organo DoTEy dotor, and dottori, conumento, eto., dosoribine the
yaterious disappearanco or 000 'Illion anbington sho cune into possesales
gonouralor "oreonogatry, rathosetloel, and the Notor prisolp!
and rho has dieepperrad alado 1849. I en euro any larantigatior agency dould
dooste bie horosboute lo a sbort tin, it in oloss that the porariu
01l intereste is thio country are out to koop thair prodontrasoo to the field
of porar and lacoso, and are Intolrad Is Keoping the Orgono Haarry Motor
problen suppressad.
Those polate aré mentioned to fira you a bist hor sooorsary a bors fido,
•couragoous, forthright invertigation her bacons.
¿ an appending a bibliography
for your cosresiesos aboro you raj flad acao of thio prontad aridendo tor arer
@bargare
I so invartigation de fortbooming mithia a ronsonroly short tino to ar
foroad to ruso foroo,- to uao the polantifio porror of the door py shiar tro bar
Jarrat to triztor (atoras, florda otoo)
BiDooraly JourE
Esi
73 81000 7t 0111 tako no
o day or tro to propera solorenoo llat, it Till fallo.
not colored a
atatoo do lottar.

===== PAGE 108 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 764, "method": "ocr", "page": 108, "variant": "plain-vision"}
WINDADI
Office Memorandum • UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
Director, IBI (62-83894)
BAC, MarIolk
CIVILIAN RESEABCE
SAUCeRS
LUEERPLANETARY FLYTHO OBJECTS
DATB:
4/18/57
Cincinpati 21z
_Ohio
MISCEINANEOUS - INFORKATIOS CONCERIING
Be Clacinnati letter to Bureau 4/12/57, copies for Harfolk, requesting
Norfolk check indices regarding|
(Mrs.
; Alexandria, va.
Inasmuch as Alexandria, Va., 1e covered by tbe Richmond Office,
oth copies of relet desigoated far Horfolk, as vell as enciosure
re being forvarded to Richnond for appropriate bandling, Horfol
indices negative re Dr.
el
• Bureau
1
- Cincinnati (100-11671) (Into.)
- Richmond (} Kacl.) (REGISTERED MAIL )
1 - Norfolk
JEM: SNB
(6)12
RECORDED-38
62838941.375
VERTIATT
Friti si
En st.
.67 APR 30 1957
Ex.. 117
.---....

===== PAGE 109 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2111, "method": "ocr", "page": 109, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandum. UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
TO
Mr. Tolson
Tithe
DATI:
unidentified "Paging Oract.
March 15, 1957
FROM
I. B. Sta
seat mondown,
hang
Tolzon
Nicbols
mash 12,1957
Parons
Rozen
GREAT MEADOWS,
NEW JERSEY
Trotter
Maaze.
Tele. Roon
Hollowan
For record purposes,
(Great Meadows,
Gandy -
New Jersey, telephone
telephoned from his home at 12:52 p.m.,
March 14, 1957, while I was tled up on another matter, and talked with Wick.
, age 56, is one of the original founders of !
was
employed by Louis de Rochemont on our movie, "House on 92nd, Street, " and
he formerly was editor of
• He marriedi
whom
he says is knowa to the Director. He has one arm.
MYS
said, to make a long story short, that he has run into
fa situation which has to do with an unidentitied flying object observed two days
ago in the Great Meadows vicinity.
said he had made a formal report
in writing to military authorities, as well as to two civilian groups interested
in the affair. General Wedemeyer is connected with one of the latter groups.
_said he is not satisfied that the "intelligence" he supplled to the military
is being handled properly, nor does he know to whom he should submit infor-
mation and in what fashion. He said frankly be wanted an Agent to call upon
him so that the Agent could evaluate his information, although he sald be well
C knew "Ilying saucers, " etc., were not within the scope of the FBI & interest
nor jurisdiction.
(The attached news ticker from United Press reflects that in
¡testimony before a House Appropriations Subcommittee, 2-19-57, Di. Hugh
Dryden, Director of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics, had
¡ally stated there Is no such thing as a flying saucer. It was said too that the
Alr Force or some other authorlty should nail down the unidentifled "lying DE.
objects" and "say it is pure fiction. ")
ACTION TAKEN:
ENCLOSINE
- turisdiction
While normally we would simply tell a caller that we have no
and that he should refer such matter to the proper military
-ec: Mr. Boardman : RECORDED: 3B
62-83894-374
cC: Mr. Belmont
INDEXED - 36
17 MAR 26 1957
SAM
50 APRI 1957
EXX 105

===== PAGE 110 =====
{"alpha_words": 91, "chars": 526, "method": "ocr", "page": 110, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nicbols to Tolson memo
March 15, 2857
•
boritles, in this Instance, because of
demonstrated friendilness
to the Bureau and the Director, his sane and reasonable approach to matteri
and his apparent concern for the welfare of our country, I instructed Wick
¿to have ibe Newark Office have an Agent when In the viciolty of Great Meadon
simply drop by Mir. e
home to see mbat be tes lo mind.
ASAC Commons of the Newark Oifice told Wick be would have
an Agent drop by to see
and would send a letter to the Bureau coveria
Results.

===== PAGE 111 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 1163, "method": "ocr", "page": 111, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-
Mi. Passons.
Mr. Rosen.
Mr. Toron
Mer. Troller.
Mr. Nacao -
Tole. Room ~
bit. Hollarace.
Miss Goody -
NP7 3
(ELYING SAUCERS)
./
THE DIRECTOR OF
TRE GOVERNMENT'S TOP AIR RESEARCH AGENCY HAS TOLD
¿CONGRESS FLATLY
THAT
THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A FLYING SAUCER.
THE ASSURANCE CAME FROM DR. HUGH Lo
DIRECTOR OF THE
NATIONA
ADVISOR COMMITTEE FOR AERONAUTICS, AT A CLOSÉD-DOOR HEARING BY A HOUS
APPROPRIATIONS SUBCOMMITTEE.
THE TESTIMONY
DRYDEN AND OTHER NACA OFFICIALS
THE AGENCY CHAIRMAN VERE QUESTIONED ABOUT A REPORT PUBLISHED IN
DOOLITTLI,
GERMANY THAT THE NAZIS DEVELOPED SHORTLY BEFORE THE END OF VORLD VAR
Il A 138-F00T SAUCER THAT ROSE TO 40, 000 FEET AND FLEW AT A SPEED OF
1,250 MILES AN HOUR.
ERTESE IS NO TRUTH IN THAT STATEMENT, " DAYDEN SAID. "THIS IS AN
ADVERTISEMENT FOR A BOOK...
REP• ALBERT THOMAS (D-IEX.)
MORE CONCLUSIVE STATEMENT
SUBCOMMITTEE CHAIRMAN, PRESSING FOR A
DIDN'I HAVE
• SAID DRYDEN,
DRYDEN ALSO DENIED A RELATED CLAIM THAT THÉ MAZIS HAD PERFECTED A
BOMBER THAI COULD HIT THE U.S.
_AND RETURN CITROUT REFUELING•
YOU HAVE TO DISTINGUISH HARDWARE FROM IDEAS, DRYDEN EXPLAINEDe
3/14--IG1140A
..
+2-43871-374
VASHINGTON CITY NETS SERVICE

===== PAGE 112 =====
{"alpha_words": 108, "chars": 719, "method": "ocr", "page": 112, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nu. Tolson.
jar. Nichola _
oi. Boardsay
Belmont
Bir.
tr. Person
Mi. Rosas.
Mr. Текот
Nt. Trotte
sir. Mocae
Tolo. Roou-
st. Holloron.
Mise Goody -
ADD 1 FLYING SAUCERS
DOOLITTLE
ALSO DISCOUNTED THE PUBLISHED ACCOUNT OF THE SAUCER AND
INTERCONTINENTAL
WARNING HOWEVER THAT BACKERS OF THE BOOK
PROBABLY WOULD USE TRE DENTALS AS METER LEG UPERS PUBLIC 1200 KT.
IN REFERENCE TO FREQUENTLY PUBLISHED •SIGHTINGS® OF WHAT OFFICIALLY
IT IS PURE FICTION:"
i SAID THE AIR
A REFERENCE TO THE
REPORTED SIGHTINGS
AND FOUND "NO EVIDENCE OF THE EXISTENCE OF
PAUCERS•
THIS
WASN'T QUITE THE SAME THING AS SAYING THE SAUCERS DID MOT
*15T, AS DRYDEN ROW BAS ASSERTED.
3/14--EG1145A
APPARENTL
=1=*
+2-83994-374
FASHINGTON CITY NEWS SERVICE

===== PAGE 113 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 1289, "method": "ocr", "page": 113, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PECORDED - 54
'DEXED -54
February 20, 1957
62-83894-373
-
173
Mr. Hagan Parrish
Sheriff of Polk County
Fli
Post Office Box 631
Bartow, Florida
My dear Sheriff:
Your letter dated February 8, 1957, bas
been received, and I want to thank you for bringing the
enclosed material to our attention.
Since the contents of your communication
are of primary concern to another governmental agency,
I am taking the liberty of forwarding a copy of your letter
and a copy of its enclosure to the Director of Special
Investigations, The Inspector General, Department of the
Air Force, Building Tempo E, Fourth and Adams Drive,
Southwest, Washington, D. C.
Sincerely Jours,
T COMM - FBI
mole
le. Koon
idy.
John Edgar Hoover -
Director
Lr=="
cc - seattle, with copy oi incoming/and copy of its enclosure
Re Richmond letter 1-11-57 captloned Aerial Phenomena
Research Group, Miscellaneous Information Concerning."
NOTE: Bufiles reflect that a citizen in Richmond, Virginia, received
a similar letter earlier this year from the Aerial Phenomena Research
Group of the same type forwarded by correspondent. OSI at Langley
Field, Virginia, made a copy of, it available to the Bureau. (62-83894-372)
No other pertinent relerences located. Copiesjot incoring and its
enclosure sent to OSI by form.
DCL:pwl !
(4)

===== PAGE 114 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 502, "method": "ocr", "page": 114, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• HAGAN PARRISH
SHERIFF
COUNTY POLK
STATE
20 F
A BAR
A
ALLORIDA
NOGENE DuRI
HULNAL DIVISION
I MAYRIL EY DOOBI
Ітам. сміт
IPMONES:
TADOFFICE 27011 A BAIL 8-7171
• February 8, 1957.
federal furesu of Irvestigation
washington, D. C.
centren 20 est
Tan enclosing herewith a bulletir recesved
at this office on February 5, 1951, Tor your evaluation?"
AEsurinE you of our complete cooperation al
Ell times, I am
: risincareli,
tagan barrial
HAGAN FARRISH, SUERITE
IF:es
Inc.
TRUED • 54
894
3373
1 FEB 269557

===== PAGE 115 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 899, "method": "ocr", "page": 115, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U
Aerial Phenomena Research Group
Seattle, Washington
Headquarters:
$5108 Findlay Street
Bob Gribble
Executive Director
Dear Sir!
Several reports of unidentified flying objects seen over cities
In your section of the country since
have recently arrived at our office.
we would appreciate names and
addresses of witnesses reporting unidentified flying objects or other
aerial phenomenon to your office during this period. A11 names and
addresses will be held strictly confidential, to be used only when
contacting the witness Ior Infornation regarding their experience.
le are a national organization whose objectives are to invest-
igate and determine the nature of unidentified flying objects and
related phenomena. Any inforuation you can give us pertaining to this
matter will be greatly appreciated.
Thanking you in advance, I am
Sincerely yours
Director of Investigations
rulestetionnie
2-15.5

===== PAGE 116 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1678, "method": "ocr", "page": 116, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.
Unitro statra Department of Justire
Richmona, Virginia
January 11, 1957
District Coumander
21st District
Office of Special Investigetions
Langley Air For-_ Bage, Virginia
RE: AERIAL PHENOMENON RESEARCH GROUP
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION CONCERNING
Dear Sir:
MrB.
Richmond, bre
Virginia, advised unis orate on January 2, 1951, that she
had received a letter from captioned organization requesting
she furnish any information she might have relative to her
alleged observation of a "flyine saucer" a year or so ago
- near Richmond, Virginia. MrB.
informed she is employed b7c
by the Richmond Quartermaster Depot of the United States
Army and It was while on her way to work one morning that
she had sighted the object in question. She stated that
several other women employees of the Depot were present
and subsequently one of these women had told a newspaper
reporter about the incident and all their names had appeared
In the papers.
advised that she was reluctant to answer bac
the letter as Bhe jelt It could ke an illegal or subversive
group who was trying to obtain information they should not
have.
She pointed out that she knew nothing about the
organization but the correspondence did not rellect the
group was connected with the United States Government in any
нау.
She Informed that the letter indicated the group
-was a rational organization whose duty it was to investigate
any and all unusual aerial phenomenon. It also reflected
that one Bob Gribble was the Executive Director and Jim
Evart was the Director of Investigations.
The address for
this organization was shown to be 5108 Finlay Street, Seattle,
Washington.
• T
'IES DESTROYED
F0 NOV 19 1964
69-83894-322

===== PAGE 117 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 491, "method": "ocr", "page": 117, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TARANO FOMM MO, LA
•Office Memorandum. UNITED
; GOVERNMENT
SUBJECIF
DIRECTOR, FBI
DATE: 7/11/57
SAC, RICHMOND (62-779)
AERIAL PHENOMENON RESEARCH GROUP 50 6. - IT. 5$41
MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION CONCERNING
54:
Attached are two copies of a letter to the
District Commander of OSI at Langley Field, Va.,
which are being forwarded to the Bureau for information.
• - Bureau Inc1s.2.
- seattle (Encl.1)
- Richmond
RET: fec
(4)
3
ALTONDED - 39
INDEXED - 39
E.117
62-83894-372
€ JANI 141957
:i
b7c

===== PAGE 118 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 306, "method": "ocr", "page": 118, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•.
010
stamford, Conne,
Octsher 5,1956
Mr. f. Ladyan thrower
Director of 7. B. I.
washington, B.c.
1104 SinceRs
Dear Mr. Hoover.
Enclosed is a to
sent to me prom SIt a Lectu
: I think
it is the most fascinating Revearch,
ever made.
thought I would sind you a copy
Why doesnt this Lovernment
a matt I cause

===== PAGE 119 =====
{"alpha_words": 66, "chars": 362, "method": "ocr", "page": 119, "variant": "plain-vision"}
su Leftera lane,
taken about them.
i answer intelligently
puble. inquiries!
Pie Bad wise he here gone to
nan can alwa
to al he hey, bail paren
I have heard many people day
the gith you refue t
win for
president. You world have beena
good one -if you could he let
alame Let sadit farty politie.
wowed have engulfed you
to the Legiana o
You stand 9
to High admine

===== PAGE 120 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 385, "method": "ocr", "page": 120, "variant": "plain-vision"}
I can " cital do be no no
involved.
thanka do Alm
ad there.
still standing in Fare fathere.
pound of
on the same ferm
are knockey now a few mare chipe
"Of the pillars of
Jenning, high maste sient.
Where can it all end? The da
are becoming
1 Wearicome a Fearful;
surely the repercissions are shakin
the bites walls of tea our Father!
House.
Failed ult the dent is
With deepest respect,

===== PAGE 121 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 1671, "method": "ocr", "page": 121, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TRU
Copy
Stamiord, Conn.
October 5, 1056
Mr. J. Edgar Hoover
Director of F. B. L
Washington, D.C.
Dear Mr. Hoover:
Enclosed 1s a copy of a Lecture sent to me from
Detroit. I think It is the most fascinating Research ever made.
In your busy life you may not have encountered it,
ao I thought I would send you a copy.
about uni dentitied doing o be Goyerament come out with the truth
Everybody seems to accept the "Saucers" as a matter
of course, and people are becoming annoyed at the "bstrich stance"
our Leaders have taken about them.
A number of clergymen feel that the time has come for
someone to answer intelligently and sincerely the public's inquirtes.
They have gone to "The Book"--the Sacred Bible where man can always
find the answers to all his needs, doubts, fears--and inquiries!
Thave heard many people bay that you probably have all
the answers--but I suppose you have been throttled too!
Im so glad you refused to accept the invitation to rum
for President. You would have been & good one--(if yor could be let
alone)--but sordid Party polltics would have engulled you too much.
To the Leglons of your admirers you stand too fligh--
• are too clean and bonest to become so involved.
Thanks to Almighty God there are character Influences
Ike you stlll standing on the same firm ground of our Forefathers
Each day now a few more chips are knocked off the pillars
of Learning, High morals, decent behavior and honest standards. Where
"can it all end? The days are becoming wearisome and fearful; surely the
repercussions are shaking the outer walis of even Our Father's House.
I wonder what the God of: Our Fathers is going to do about
With deepest respect,

===== PAGE 122 =====
{"alpha_words": 118, "chars": 793, "method": "ocr", "page": 122, "variant": "plain-vision"}
October 12, 1956
RECORLEO ET
i misse
Blamord, Connecticut
Dear
Your letter of October 5, 1956, with enclosure, has
been received.
I want to thank you for the interest which prompted
your writing and for your very kind words concerning my administra-
tion of this Bureau.
The information contelned in your letter and the
enclosure does not fall within the investigative jurisdiction of the
FBl, and I am taking the Uberty of forwarding a copy of your letter,
es tell as a copy of the enclosure, to the Director, Office of Special
Investigations, The Inspector General, Department of the All Force,
The Pentagon, Wastington 25, D. C.
Sincerely youre,
1=322
John Edgar Boover
Director
Copy of incoming and enclosure sent by form to The Inspector General,
Department of the Air Force..
(3)
.. 13)

===== PAGE 123 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 699, "method": "ocr", "page": 123, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
* a.
..
/
toa 2
Hi =~
i. .
} =
t
; “Ff
r

t

woo. ‘
dhe . oe Ores md.

r 2 - a - -
Te ier ged | eel +" nee

. :

ibe

d

- OG

f—

Pp trict Commander

that the files of this office - 7
Oo this Organization. )

information, it bei
contain no reference t

a
c= =. - "ows ~ «=
a . . = r - — a
ao We Sw Ie ae ce
. 73 wT _ ..
” —_ ae +

‘t

ew

Souary 22,1957 oo HS
. = “Fg +.

. age ae

F

Very truly yours 2

“i

W.G.GRarPti :
Bpecial Agent in Charge .*. 2+ :-

- =.
= bo

=
. Ld =
1.
* =
*
- «4
- - -«
=
*
*-
. a
i

- 1 .
tat al mee -
- so

- * a
° ee
+ — — os -
- a ~P oem. .
. Fa. ln
Le *~

__ _- —_ —_— = EOS A OOO TES el =-—_™. OEE
TOBE TE So ee ee ee ee — See .
_ a = = —_— — —_=S oo a a —S = ee

===== PAGE 124 =====
{"alpha_words": 91, "chars": 675, "method": "ocr", "page": 124, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11037192
бапюсть
l'- Liaisin
1CCORDFD-18
Gi-83144-309
L'T.
Mattoral security counc 11
sutrick Coyne
Bastingtor =5, Do 6.
Dear fits
BY COUBISE ISATICE
:#00сюдет 85, 8957
1. NOW
Reference 13 made to sy letter of
• by
untiently eu slying odjeet shtch he obeeried
In 2944 sohlle In Gereany,
attached te a copy of a menorantur
mitch refleito the detalls of the interoler
softh
_ a coy of the senorantur
"its also been jurtlahed to each of the agencies
receluing a copy of thle letter, Ilated below,
as a rotter of interest to those agencies.
вілсетегу your,
2r Lagis FigoTer,
1- Log Baottgations
dir force
1- DITAGIOT
central Intelligence Agency
attentions EHs, Becurity Diulaion

===== PAGE 125 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2477, "method": "ocr", "page": 125, "variant": "plain-vision"}
{A COITELEtIOn
of flying Saucers
and
Visitors from other Planett. in The Bible)
by=
Reverend
much has been pritten about them.
Rescarch has shown that
yezro older tlizm our ovue
and not tellered for triy DECE.
Itst is nothing new. But what is ner
it that recently they hare ben photographed,
Haring established the factuality of the "flying Beucer", It 1a Don a.
boat
time that we find a theological confirsation of the whole matter
IiE In a nocereity!
If "Ilyie snucern" inhabit outer-zpace, and 1I
tiny have some kinå of celestial character, they should have some pia
in the total economy o= God.
They should have more place
mol book 71re, and one couli erupet then to be santioned do our ons
to fina fiying cloude, colin, charlots, wheels
We are therufors not surprined, upon Investigation,
and people, mentione
in the Bible.
To realize thin, is to make a great rany ursterioue
things in the Bible ceem both matter-of-l'act and encouraging!
The ancients, it is true, had no adequate mords to describe the thing
they bar in their day which came frozi outer space.
If a thing flew,
vis called a "flying" cloud, bird,
chariot or anger.
We, today, shou
have progressed far enough solentifically to enli objects from outer-
erace by nawen «hich are more appropriate.
But the unhappy term "fly
Bi.CEJ" is a term more reminincent of a tea-party than of the bar-MaI
of science.
It BeeDe OuT oXo nomenclature,
or le it our imagination,
very Inadequate also,
However, the posulbility and probability of re
Izing unheard of sources of porer and speeds, and the conquering of
pace is to us but a mitter of time.
To understand our or holy bock we must replace outworn mythological
It can be noti
of gerterday are the
angel nas an inhebitant of frace.
They cane from other morlds.
tenre the y2ng' tates
me today would.
call them
clouds, horse,
ór chariote of scripture me call
"ilying saucers" or "space'
With a clarifioation of but these
three terms, meny things now fall into place quite naturally.
Angels oI "opace-nen" have beer seer.
carth, We Ti
-. way back in the Oid Tosturent,
"Two angele (OF BraDE-DED) came to Sodi
in the eveninc.
when Lot dan them he rose to meet them, and bowed hit
bell vitt his face to the ground".
He broke to then and offered them
borpitality.
Thay did bit a IETOI too.
They savea his life. Por the
tro snace-ten audrequently led an ettach on
todom ano cowortan ana de-
"troyná it vitt. "brinstone and fire out of hezven (apace)" (Ger, 19).
fi-23594:571

===== PAGE 126 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 3071, "method": "ocr", "page": 126, "variant": "plain-vision"}
att: Danlel (Der, 8121) onlie the angel Gabriel, a man.
He deacribea
thi
space-tan as comine to him in
"ewift flight
at the time of
the eveni
Bactifice", and he also describes the intervien which folloned.
ous Incidents are mentioned in scripture of space-men landing on
Done hundred a nerden can in toted
ugually bringing to them an importani g
They brought be.
yell as destruction, these men from outer-epace oI heaven.
I billero that me should take these observations more matter-of-sac
We are not dealing with mythology here.
A líteral understanding of
incodente
forn with scripture, and not rice-versa as our clerice and others
been
telling us for so long.
Ve have practically and mistakenly
tualized relieion out of exiutence, and thus caused the great divor
betreen sclence and religion.
bome
mighty
one THere
one of these
heaven (space) mrapped, in a cloud".
*came donn out of
Iet us call tyrbolical Languag
and oriental ivagery by their Tight names.
means to be surrounded by an object.
Io be
"wrapped in a cloi
In other mords,
this врасе-та!
was piloting e space-ship.
How else could the observere of that da
have described thie phenomenon?
real clouds ne see from the quotation,
That "flying" clouds don't refer.
cloud?" (Ina, 60)
"Who are those that fly like
¡yina-cloud outto decide ibe ratter,
The following literal description of a supposed
"A stormy mind came out of
the north, and
flashing forth continually.
great cloud, with brightness round about it, and ti
and in the midet of the fire, as It ver
gleaming bronze.
And 150T
the midat
living creatures (spacener)" (Izk. 1),
of it came the likeness of fous
The space-man mentioned above had a "rainbow over his head", ranely
vari-colored lights shone from a canopy over his head which shall b
Light "11ke the sun"
des mega ate doubt landing-gene, were *Ilke pillare of fire":
came fron this space-hip gp
nole earth was 11t ul
by the pover of the light given off by this
pace-ahip (Rey. 1881),
besides describing these "врасе-ship' &d
&180
lescribed as a "flying тo11* (Zech
5:1),
in other words
os "cigar" ahaped.
An approximate size estimated by an observer of
that century who had no knonledge of perspectire or distance,
10 10.
eluded in this description.
"flying
pent" (Iss.
14:29
Mr as do de to bed one a
fire left by the space-ship', exhaust.
Honorar, the clertent, Most protinent, most detalled, and MOst appT.
and one mich
gould vell adopt as the post acientifie 1s,
This seporter nor fives the
detalled description of the do-called "flying naucer" lu existence
day - many detalls of shich bare been Terified by modert obBerrera
nove even caught by camera.
Now as 1 looked at the liring creatures (space-seo) I sar & Theei
«расе-впір' had evidently landed), one for each of ti
four of then ¡four space-ahips in
The appearance of the shee
was like the gleamirg of a chrysolite
Ireen..
(transparent or translucent
Their construction being ao 1t
vere a wheel within a wheel
the living creatures (space-pen) Ione from the earth, che mheel•
for the spirit of the living creatures ras lo the wheels".

===== PAGE 127 =====
{"alpha_words": 502, "chars": 3091, "method": "ocr", "page": 127, "variant": "plain-vision"}
insi The last Denterce so extremely interenting.
The reportor olaime th
when
the space-men rose the wheels rose fith them.
That it exactly
what a peIson of an unmechanical uge mould say.
Men can move, but
bo they described the men as carrying the shipe with ti
de, of course would aay the opposte, pamely that the wheele of oDe
married the space-son.
'whirling wheele" are described as "Jull Of eyes", in other mot
TUlL DI Iound openings,
port-holes,
oI power. outlets.
"ali' around a
within".
This description again tallies mith observations and phot
graphe made recently.
The space-ships are described as "darting to and fro, 11ke the fise
of lightning" (Ezk, 1).
*When they ment they ment in any of their
four directions #i thout turning as they ment.
In whatever directio
the front wheel (or ship) faced, the othere folloned without turnir
as they ment".
Besides describing their unbelievable maneurerabi11
"without turning", this aloo reeme
to claim
that they fler in forwa
tion, folloning a leader (also see Izk, 10:9).
The fuel or power for there space-ships 18 found in the middle of
вресе-вір.
It is described ag
"fire betreen the shirling wheels"
(Ezk, 16:6).
"In the midst there nas something that looked I1ke bi
ing coals of fire;
bright, and out of the fire ment forth lightning"
like torches moving to and fIO' (Ezk, 11. ...
and the fire ma
and nor there follons a detail which la the very acne of veracity.
"Over the head of the living creatures (apace-men) there mao the 11
DeSB Of a firnament (the protective
canopy over a pilot'e head) shi
ing I1ke crystal (transparent glass), spread out above their heads'
(Ezk, 1).
Ints "glass globe" has also been observed on the "flying
gaucere"
of today and photographed.
It also seens that flying orde
are given by remote control Via radio or Fireless.
to come
"from above the firmament (canopy) over their heads".
•leo claimed by this biblical reporter that part of these space-shi
Is collapeible and other parts retractable.
The latter is perhaps
the central turret mhich m11l be described later.
Denomenon has een reported in the holy boe or other alche mo
older than our own.
"It's like the bound of many watert, Iike the
thunder of the Almighty, a sound of tumult Iike the sounds of a hor
(Ezko 1:24 - 3:13).
The word "host" is important to keep in mind
ing together.
on the outer surface
the space-whips are recognizable as e cherub (a humorous or should
the eprth" (Zech, 6).
Jacob thought he had a vision shen he san
ladder net up on the
Cart and beheld angels or space-pen, ascending and descending of
The ladder obriousiy was let down fron a space-ship fe
доше ригрове os other.
Space-wen had a particular
interest in Jac
it Beens, for on a later occasion he prestled mith one of then,
space-wan
only playing with Jacob until it mas time for the apace-
to go, whereupon be partially paralyzed Jacob (Gen, 32).
It lo int
esting to note that space-ben usually appear around sunset,
during
night.
OI
at sunting.
throuch anne whirl-wind-like action
Illjan d
. aguinaied Into punce TiA a "fiying aharioto
(II Kinga 2s11). Hoser

===== PAGE 128 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 3501, "method": "ocr", "page": 128, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in' and Illjah came to beet Jesus on the Mount of Tránsfiguration
bright cloud".
Ve mon what these "cloudo" mere.
He cloud disas-
peared with them again.
The poor man in Inke 16, was carried by space-
men into another morld. Do space-men carry away into hearen or apace
-
nune-rede of times ..
Iron God's activities nor become clearer:
God's presence in aoripture
lo described "like birda hovering" (Iea.
hovering of sone flying object.
3135).
The MOTEring 11 a
clouda" are called llle chariot, rit
hen cones the mind, fire and flame (Pa. 104).
'One reado of
cloud" (Isa, I9:I), in other words a apace-ship. dote the following
descriptions
"Then the earth reeled and rockeds the foundationa albo
of the bountaine trewbled and quaked, because He mas angry..
Booke rent
up irom Hid nostIlle, and devouring fire from His mouth:
Blowing goate
flamed forth Irom Him,
He bored the heavens and cane down.
Thick dark-
Deas was under His feet,
He rode on a cherub and flen.
He cane amiitly
We have discussed thene algas
They describe a space-ship, although the observer here, In not
geeing the pilot, describes the apace-ship as though it mere a perboro
Perhapa in this case this space-ship night be God's on private space-
Bhip
of the so-called "mother" ship.
Why should me deny God the right
to mate a machine and use it too, if He wante to?
od's presence with Israel in the desert mas via a "pillar of cloud it
‚ne day and by night a "pillar of flre", the fire or couroe woula not bi
Out of this cloud God harassed the
pted in la ported tor behold toe Lord war cede de
In Iss. 66,
gain, "His chariots are Iike the whirlvind" (Jer, 4:13).
Pealus 68:17.
claime that God lived on Mount final foI a mhile mith 20,000 chariots.
Big "clouds" settled on Hount sinal with "fire" and "enoke" for forty
авув.
NoBes was given the tablets of the lan on this mountain, through
the intervention of space-men, en Paul tells us.
Sinal Beens to have
been God's headquartere for a certain naneuver at this time.
Space-men
Pete then africa see keend teen order went
Even a difficult passage 11k0
from the midst of the city and stood upon the mountain" (izx. 11123).
nor becomes ciear.
It means that the ships took off from the middle of
the city, the take-off place, and then landed on a mountain.
Heither should we forget that God de called the Lord of "Babbaoth 1t '
the Bible, which means
the Lord of "hoata" or "armies"
врасе-агтіев.
Inis name "the Lord of hosts", is the most used name
et used male tor
God in the Bible.
He is the God of MaT..
This title 1s uned hundreds
of tines together with the couplementary phrase
"hosts of heaven"
bosto of space.
Jacob once aar the whole assembled army.
He read,
• The angels (space-men) of God wet hin and when Jacob ear them be said,
"This In God's army'.
ject bI MOrEnIP Dy
earth-men.
* (den. 32)i seems that dod often came down out of
These hosts mere at one time an ob-
beaten or orace to earth to fulfill His plans and to carry out certain
campaigna:
Then the space-ships were stationary and when the central turret was
raised, they looked like thrones,.
and are so-called in scripture,
throne was fiery flanes, ite wheels mere burning fire, a stream of fire
Losued and came forth fion before Him" (Dan, 719), No ordinary thrones
these, but apace-ahips!
In Ber, l, me hare a unique description of the
"nother" enip and twenty-four others on a landing-fleld which looked
"DeR of GIABB-11ke Orystal", and from then all cane flasher of
lightning, voices and peals of thunder",

===== PAGE 129 =====
{"alpha_words": 507, "chars": 2919, "method": "ocr", "page": 129, "variant": "plain-vision"}
embero, "s Josie, not too, DecoDed olores when these thinga are redli
Hie pomers of leritation, His ability
to pans through doors,
milk on water, and heat the cick, are the ensential attributes DI per
from outer brace.
They mill also be ours someday when me will be "free
like birds" (tzx, 1120).
At Jesus' birth the celestial aruy came quite
A space-man arpeared to the chepherds and the "glory".
heafd no they again disappeared into space,
Jesual ascension 1s described as la cloud (or space-ship) receited HID
out of their sight" (Acto 1:9).
manner.
His coming again is to be in the same
"Then will appear the sign of the Son of men in heaten (space.
conine on the clouds (space-alipe) of heaven (space) with power an
great glory" (liatt. 24:30 - Ret. 14),
He will come with His whole art
and will then take
over the destiny of the Morld.
Jesus comes then,
conquerine and to conquer; a King of kings, and Lord of lords.
time He summons the trelve legions of space-men, which He refused to
He mill appear on a white "horse"
bummon at the tine of His betrayer fire", leading a mhole fleet of ..
or space-ship, "shooting flames of
space-ships, from whose mouths issue sharp enords", no doubt blasto of
destructive eneray.
He sienals all the
"birds that fly in aid-henzer"
(allege ee and the world with be destroyed by tack teet
described below.
mas toss the a tack inded les? on car of the mountans to azast the pipe
That day m121 be a day of darkness and
• Eloon and of hydrogen and cobalt cloudo.
"Like blacknees there le
Epread upon the mountains a great and powerful people, their like has
never been from of old nor will be again.
and behind them a flame turns,
fire devoure before Edem be-
The land is like the Garden of den
fore then, but after then a desolate wilderness".
Earth-pen who have pleased God in the déantine, #111 "ascend up into
space in a pace-hip in the eight of their foes" (Rev..
In this manner a jennant of earth-pen will literally be reecued or
Baved..... For That?
for the "Father's house in nhich are many IOOms",
A niverse in pitar pao are are for a 200%
"resting-stations" or
and glorious purpose.
They are not Just dead dust.
They are the planets on #bich these space
men lire, and ne too will someday live.
Thirsclear understanding of thinge as they are and as they vill be, 1s
for our comfort,
We should always remerber that God's people are alway
protected by a
circle of space-shipe.
"we are surrounded by ap great a
cloud of mitnesses", me read In Heb.
came out to protect out one man, iijah (II Xing 6:17).
The whole heavenly boat ouce
"Behold the
was full of horses and
charlots of fire".
And Elijah was save
or rescued right from under the noses of a whole city full of enemies.
God's word to us knowing 011 this 1e:.
"Fear not, for those who are wit
us are note then those who are eith them!"
May our prayes be.
"O, JoId, open our eyes that me any seo."
(II Kingo fr17]
THE END

===== PAGE 130 =====
{"alpha_words": 92, "chars": 811, "method": "ocr", "page": 130, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
. a
r i * +, *
a a
. (* he ™
1 7
._4a .
d - ™ + - ™
. ‘ ‘ a s PY
. ’ .
b Fy * 4, ry
* * Pe * 7” Lal
a s f a "Ff 4 * . 1 ‘
* a % . + ro” + '
. . La roe § ™* G
. . *

= *
* . . * Ls
rd th * a « \ spat =s \ + f id ‘
| pues 4 + rd . * f i be * mA ag a , a . ° - = *
ee eee * eee bal ‘ = a- fe - wif 1 - ee =
. *
' =~.
* [ - eo. ait S ’
; 4 ' ope Ws .
. Ps aa ' | -

etm Soe of ee

’ . i ' " . * we - =
“ *
° : -_ ite cM,
Pan + . ' fs
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS a
Pe. 2 - paragraph 5 = line a0 ~- should read "pught to decide’. —
Pe. So + paragraph 7 - line 13 = should read "into apace vis". . |

: ¥. 4 - paragraph 4 - line 10 - should read "Faul telle us*... |: -
. | . ‘ ; se are oe

r oo we ge ge
ee ee en ee ee . et es

aw ae
§ _

ek _ — - . ‘ ; —_ -

. * L
. ~
r ~. ce .

, fe T° G2

f\ 5 . ; e
LA POO TF - BP , ,

===== PAGE 131 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 820, "method": "ocr", "page": 131, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
- meee. et ae ee) a wee,
4 Fad eb : a ‘ * x ww play

aod
“Las te . oO . i i A _ a . .

~ 7%) ‘ he “ay - ey aa
Le " an eo

a ee a a ut a . ; . "OL

. . wres Tag ts Pee wine aes " <:
* - x ge a eek ‘ ate deg a P i

‘ ee, | “™ an , - “3, _ - ” oYex . oR

com a 1th wo

. ry F . 24 ~ pha a
“wot wt pe:
= te - .
. - ve - feet wn
* er lm oT ee
* Tn ae Bt ye PLE - ff
tow eM aE a ry
a . = -1 en ce Xt.
- . oN ' et * _—— ! ="
7 / . . 7 i * * a ; mJ ea . . 7 —_ "re - -
roe oe a ee eae ees Cae
fo

: ooo 4 oi ne Wes +
F ; ptt ieee sree Sak: te
; . _ a aoa SR yt
. “§ . . -—y ‘wd MU yes! Poh i ee | ‘”
. 7 1+ . - F a i, at, a | ly bias a .
+h sm woe en et Pe eee ‘wel Reet lem eel,
ry T's =F “Le iin ep _ Ty rm. woe ao
- ” a
_—=- 5

— ee on Soe ut wn en.
i Ae te, ee re |
. 2! . - 3 .

ss

ga PM

_— ee ae
BR tee ot

ad
, “.

ty

===== PAGE 132 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 1292, "method": "ocr", "page": 132, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- Mr.
- 33994
BY COURIER GERTICE
Colnon
Nichola
Boardara-.
Helmost -
Mason
PersonI
Dates
то:
FroR:
Subjeots
Septeaber 20, 1856
Director of Speclal Inveatigatior.•
The Inspector
• Goneral
Dopartment of the Air Joree
Bullding Iompo I
eth and Adaro brive, sol.
Mashington, Do co
Jon: Edgar Hoover,
AsrecIor
l'ederal Bureau of Inuestigation
THE A P.R.O. DOLLETIN
1718 VAN COURI
ALAVOGORDO,
HEE MEXICO
MISC: LINLOUS - ITOKYATION CO CERVINO
on huçust 31,
1956,
Street, St. Touta Hissrurt,
uho da erploved as an electricias,
surntaned the
Sto houls Office of this bureau with information that he and
a group of his fellow porkera haue subscribed to a publication
daDtioned
"The A.P.F.O. Bulletin,
which entains articles about
Slutriu saucers.
saduised he anavered an aduertigezent to as
a naçarine and gurgaribed to thie rublication fortune vear, at
a cost of $3.00.
•further odulsed thet in
hio opinion,
the
publication slurred and criticized the u. S. Air Force and
ofstelal
of the Do so Air force.
dio action la contcuplated in this natter bu thia
• Bureau.
EI CCURER 3VU.
RECORDED-TI
NOTE ON YELLOW:
35 SEP2 0
Ex/117,~
11=2.
Bureau files are menatioe-concerning captioned publiéotion
ind in viewior the fact that it deals with flying saucera and in
JJO CE ebn
(5)
Holland
can-GO SEF 2C
• T
1050

===== PAGE 133 =====
{"alpha_words": 146, "chars": 1057, "method": "ocr", "page": 133, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memo Clum • UNITED STAO GOVERNMENT
TO
• DIRECTOR, FBI
DATE: 9/7/56
SAC, ST. LOUIS (62-0)
THE A.P.R.O. BULLETIN,
1712 Van Court,
Alamogordo, New Mexico
MISCELLANEOUS
On August 31, 1956, l
street, St. Louis,
Missouri,
Callouri as an electrician,
, St.
Louis County,
appeared at the St. Louis
Office to advise tnut ne and a group of fellow workers
have subscribed to a publication entitled "The A.P.R.O.
Bulletin"
•which 1s published at 2712 Van Court,
Alamogordo,
New Mexico, and which contains articles about Ilying saucers.
stated he and a group of fellow workers saw an adver-
tisement concerning the above described publication in a
magazine and they subscribed to this publication for one
year at a cost of $3.00.
urther stated this publica-
tion blurred and criticized the U. S. Air Force and off1-
cials of the U.S.. Alr Foice and was In his opinion Cornu-
nistic.
A copy of this communication 15 being forwarded the
Albuquerque Office for purposes of Information.
2 - Bireau
• Loera (62-0)
CSS: nin
(4)
i58=r-3:
INDEXED-7A
CX-117
11-7174-369
/

===== PAGE 134 =====
{"alpha_words": 261, "chars": 1690, "method": "ocr", "page": 134, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Mem, Sindum • UNITED SHES GOVERNMENT
DIRECTOR, FBI
DATE: 8/15/56
BAC, IOS ANGELBS (100-24442)
TO
PION
SUBJECT:
PLYING SAUCER
The following 1s being furnished to the Bureau for its
information in the event an inquiry shoula be receivea iron the
AIT FOrOR:
on 8/14/56, It.
and Sgt.
4602nd Air Intelligence Service Squadron, Norton APB, San
Berpardino, cal lornia,
called at this office, accompanied by
Captain
of the Air Information service.
stated he had received
teletype fron
n1s headquarters, serleoting that
Street, Van Nuys, Californis, had reported that on 1/16/50, 8
spher1cal vehicle had landed in his back yard, splitting & large
tree in tro.
On 7/30/56, this vehicle returned and on thie
occasion some little green men emerged from the vehicle and invited
to ride in their ship. He supposedly went up with them
for approximately 20 minutes.
It.
stated he had no additional Information
except that
• was belleved to be employed in sone minor
teohnical capacity for the Columbia Broadcasting Systen.
reported by.
Capta1n
stated he recalled that the incident
• was presented on a CBS television nensoast
about the time it occurred, and that during the telecast, the split
tree was shown, and an intervier was had with.
According
to Captin C
• the tenor of the commenta by the television announ
was that he placed little credence in the story, but was presenting
It for what it was worth.
•stated that he believes the incident reported
Instructions to be us headquaded must nore neury concer
• In such a manner as not to result in any publicity indicat
an
Air porce interest.
Ho inquired If the PBI would conduct investi
(2-Biteau (A1r M911)
1-löp Angeles
47:83894-
INDEXED - S

===== PAGE 135 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 362, "method": "ocr", "page": 135, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DIRECTOR, TBI
RES
PLYING SAUCER
8/15/56
gation to obtain information concerning the background of
and was advised that no such investigation rould be
conducted by this offico in the absenco of instructiona from
the Bureau.
No record of
I08 Angelos Ofs100 and alli vas do advised.
la reflected in the indices of the
Ho action by this office 1e contemplated.
si..

===== PAGE 136 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1440, "method": "ocr", "page": 136, "variant": "plain-vision"}
larson
- BECORUED-1S
BY COURIER SERTICE
• 157
- 1.09
42 MAY 1 4
BY CQURIER SIC.
Tolsea
Doardosas
Nichola
deloon
Mote
dates
Tos
Frome
subjects
Atsy 12,1956
Director of speasal Investigationa
The Inspector General
(отвд, в 2)
Department of the dir Jor0e
Bullding Tempo &
4th and Adans Drive, Bo I.
Bashington, Do Go
John Edgar Hoover, Direotor
Poderal Bureau of Investigation
FLYING DISC OBSERVED
OXFORD, PINNSYLVANIA
ЖАУ 4, 2956
XISCELLANSOUS - INFORKATION CONCERNIN (ESPIONAGE)
At 11835 pomo, lay 4, 1956, an Indiuidual
who Identlfied himself as ‹
Oxford, Perraylvania, adulsed thia Bureau
he had just observed at Oxford, Pennsylvania, e
bright light traveling about 2,000 jeet in the afr
toward Baltinore, Maryland. He described the objeot
as a solid, bright yellow light vialble from all
directione and that lt rao twice a8 bright and trolos
do large da the neadlight of an automobile.
Re also
described it as twice as bright as the evening star.
He dao unable to describai li in more dotall. Be
stated the object made no noise, that at firet its
speed was the same as the oar he was driving but it
aped up and although he was orlving 80 mtles an hour ..
he was unable to keep up with it.
He adulaed that
two of hia friendo,
aladi
had observad the object.
At 2345 paro,
Жау 5,
1956,
the aboug.
• referred-to Indíutdual acufsed his true nane and
address «Bre
Kenneth Square,
"Pennayloania.
E50 32 0956
Tele, Roos
Goody -
Egan
42-83894-847

===== PAGE 137 =====
{"alpha_words": 51, "chars": 351, "method": "ocr", "page": 137, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ietter to Director of Special Investigations
the Inspector General
Department of the dir Parae
The above information was telephonically
permissed to Captaini
in noos your office by fria
Bureau on May & and Way 5, 1950, Jor bratever actior
deened desirable by your ofjice, no action la contenplates
in this natter by this Bureau.
-
2
.. ::
......m....

===== PAGE 138 =====
{"alpha_words": 132, "chars": 1011, "method": "ocr", "page": 138, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memordritum: UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
a.M. Belong t
• DATE: 5-5-56
то
эком
SUBJECTS
ELING DISC OBSERTED
May A 1050
PENNSELYANIA
моу в,
Rejerence made to
sonorandus d't.
to
Hi. Belmont, May 4,
1956,
indicating
O=foId, Pennoyluanta,
called at
1:35 р.т.,
May t,
1956, concerning a bright.Iight de
had obserued traveling
toward Baltimore at an altitude
of approrientely 8,000 feet,
Ihts sare indfuldual telephonseally aoulsed the
oriter 2:45 polin-Kay 5, 1956, his true name ta
• and that die true residenoe fe
kenneth Square, Pennsyluanta.
•desired to know the resulta of any sivestigatson
conducted as the result of hto previous coll. It pas
pointed out to his that the Bureau was not at liberty
to draclosé
such information.
Bureau indices on
to lennovluanto, vere gearched with negative
At 3:35 pos., say 5, 2856, Captain
DSI, was telephonically adulsed at his residence.
diasted
resulta.
ACTION:
This do gor your information.
} ÷:
Belmont
ГНобраї
(6)
Hit:
V50000FD-75
INDEXED-75.
MAY IC 1356
5/4/53 EHM

===== PAGE 139 =====
{"alpha_words": 218, "chars": 1374, "method": "ocr", "page": 139, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office Memorandum - UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT
то
darr
• 1.1. Bermanti
DATE LILY 4, 1956
FROM
SUBJECT FLYING DISC OBSERVED
OXFORD, PENNSYIVANIA
HAY 4, 1856
1:.
Tele
Mation
Gaedy
Мт.
dennaylvania,
teleprone
called 21:35 p.m.,
Oxford,
May
1956,
and aduised that he had just observed a bright Light
cravering about 2000 jeet in the air tovard Baltimore.
Be
last saw it at the place he vas calling the bureau Jro
which was
• Oxford, Penraylvania.
described the object as a sold, bright, yellow light,
visible from all directions which he described at one
point as being more than twice as bright and twice as
big
as the headlight of an automobile and another time as
twice a8 bright as the evening atar and it vas Imposalble
to persuade nim to describe it more specifically.
He said
the object made no noise and that di first it vas traveling
overhead about as fast as his automobile but then it speeded
up and ne could not keep up with it although ne was
traveling at 80 miles per hour.
lie said that two of his
buddies in the barroom where he had first observed the
object had also observed it-.
bind
He said he had tried to call
Civil Defense headquarters
in Baltimore but no
identifind lee it
on duty. Enhiler
eflect in informa
ACTION:
Captain
OSI, was aduised.
62-83894-366
1721216
0 Y Q 1955
-IT.
Belmont
Ir. Branigan
Sites
ANDEXED - 13
TUNG 6 1956 RiC
ED:
::1356
EX. - 120

===== PAGE 140 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1809, "method": "ocr", "page": 140, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Cüs
'018
IT3u.
італ
Dim'osolurg
Ilaison
BI COURIER SERFIU.
COMM • FBI
Dater
до8
1p+ 81 16,8956
Director of Speclal Investigatlons (Oríginal & 1)
Ine Inspeotor General
Department of the dir Foroe
Bullding Segoo I
Ath and edams Drive, So Wo
Fashington, De Go
Дтопі
John lagar Hoover, Director
l'ederal tureau of investigation
subjeote
SICHTIIE OT' OBJECT RESEUSLINE
PLYIO SAUCET ON APRIL 6, 1250,
STAR HENDERSON, NORTT CAROLINA
MISCELLA'DOUS - IIFORIATION CONCERNINE
(ESPIOVACE)
.-On 10781 6, 1955, 4188
employee of this Dureau noto restacs üt
-berud av aruust istot silth repered to re onie
Virginia, sohlle en route to loruei, hortli carolina,
Flying Baucer.
mional object enton epocred to reambla ala
Prin
J68s
atated ot about 5 rolle, on forll bo
1950, snile it was attil darx and shile driving on Route d
north of denderoon, North carollna, are and sr.
_DerE
0 4 APR1 7
BY CQVBLEB EYG.
startled by rohat appeared to be an aval-chasea,
low-flylng
object contrg directly towards their car at a great speed,
on the ériuer's alde.
Bítos l
• statea tne osject,
mnich was leca than 25 jeet from the growia, appeared to
be apsrning, was bright as though contalning a gertes of
lighto in a rigzagging pattern, was light blue in çolor
and was at least as wide as the highway and no nore than
from two to jour Jeet in thickness. She stated the object
did not charge shope, it made no sound and that are o boerved
it jor only e feu ceconds defore lt appeares to pase over tre
-i oar, accelerate speed and veer o'f out of aight berind thea,
Las Richard? aùvieod wien ayliglt oane she notioed it pas
•louby anu that approxinetely 30 minutes after they rad f..
alghted the object st begar to ralr.
ElLiss
• NOTE:. Cover meno Belmort to Boardnan 4-13-56
1 :(p)
ENT'ES, Te:
58 APR 26 1956 1
Hane Checi: Unit, LM 4-14-47."

===== PAGE 141 =====
{"alpha_words": 60, "chars": 397, "method": "ocr", "page": 141, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Letter to Director of Spectal Investigationa
The Inspector General
Departrent of the Air Force
4189 C
aduleed tir.
y on emplozee
→ aro resides at
marty Morti Arliryton, Tirginia, aould reoclI
approsinately svere they aiglited the object and he may
de able to Jurist adilitional portirent information,
and no Merther action
Ire aùove de Jumlated for your Invorsatlor
lo being taten in thia matter.

===== PAGE 142 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1725, "method": "ocr", "page": 142, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Office. Memor edum. UNITED STAT
DATI
GOVERNMENT
6-10-38
anubual accurrence
itch no 19/sh reported hut eg mother
0n. 4/5/55 Mine
category. Brea
left lashington by car eith her
glance
Temployee of d
• to go
to Horuen, North Carolina to meet the
mine ransly.
§ a. d.
on 4/6/56 as dawn 008 breaking and while driving or Route 1
north of Henderaon, Morth Caroline, the pair was etartled by shat
appearca fo de a rauna dob-Jiying object coning directly fovarda
are ooject appearea to pass quer the oar and Vias,
turned
to dee
it appear to apeed up and thes weer off out of afght.
She and dr.
• both felt they had aeen gonething unusual shich soo
difficult to
espleis and certainly did not appear to be an optical
«llusion.
Mias
• stated the object of are dan it appeared
round, sos spinning and was bright as though contatning a derses of
Iights In e 218-209 pattern. The object appeared to De Jludng Dera
dow as it cane tovards tres, moving at great apeed and gave OSS Bo
porticular gound.
The object,
to the best of her belief, was ot
ек.
• least es bide as the highway and appeared no more than too to Jour.
Nseet in thickness.
Nisa
"héretofore are has placed little eredenoe 1r.
→ sho do one of our best exployecs,
Flying sauceratator
and felt that had she and her bowfriend not seen the sore abject ai
would be inclined to thint she had fragined gonething. " She:
appreciates that what they dow way have been gone hind of optieal
¿anillusion; norever, ot the fire the object appeared Dery Teel to then
-ALCOLMENDATION:
I you ogree, it so reconnenced shat this aenoranaut di
referred to the liatron Section or the Donectio intelligence Divfaior
" for posalble referral to any intèrested military egencies
ЖУвЕн
62838112365
(3)
