{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T03:58:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 77, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 15416434, "source_file": "FBI-Vault-UFO/pdfs/ufo-part-15.pdf", "source_sha256": "edab9b4e5dcedcb5e3ba8cfbf1828cb20310c31b9a463308e1bf9cf440e6ec2a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 1158, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
August 19, 1967
Mr.
bir.
F•
G:
Por
Su
Ta
Tr
Tele.
Miss H
Director i. Edgar Hoover
Fedoral Burean of Investigation :
Fashington, De Co
Dear it. Hoover:
A very Hapry Pirthday....... July 1907.
I am very lucky to have the opportunity this afternoon to be
able to Introduce to you the wo contact igal journal. This
magazine has been dedicated to Hr. George Adanski.
My letter to you and the enclosed magazine is a project of my
om. I am a mporter for uto contact, and in this way I hope to
bring to the attention of Val.. of our country, our angarine and a
I the riessage that it caftains, to the reader. I don't sell the
magazine, but plan to give itgo the person I mrite to as a gilta
The cost is my own, and they esperience I will pain till be my
revard, perhaps an advancepent to the position of co-morker for y
IGAP in the future. ru
Thank you very mith for diving se a soment of your tine.
sure you wand find out sagazine interesting.
Nay I again wish you a very Happy Birthday! (Malter Finchell)
Colasma
Tour Friend,
LNCLOSURE
" Francisco, valifomia
ZIP CODE: 91,121
EXP RROC.
SAUG 22196740
Notice. go 134-195
Notce Pgs 134÷135
62-83874116
16 SEP 12 1967

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 11, "chars": 88, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ufo contact
igap journal
YOL. 2'= no. 5
June 1967.
international
get acquainted
program

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 489, "chars": 2969, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Fraternity o
Cosmic
Sons and Daughtery
IG&P Inormation Servica:
UFO CONTACT.
Editars: }
Mr Ronald Cosmall.
200 Certere Mead,
Marlow, Lately,
England.
Major M. C. Peterson
(responsible for publication and subscription),
Bartersider It, Manlony, Sir
Denmart.
ORGANIZATION.
Headquarterz:
The Geome Adamski Foundation,
816 Ledo de Lome Driva.
Visle, Calitornia, U.S.A.
KAP Represontatina Mi.
Amarica, Australia, Askitria
Balium,
Canade
Brazil
Dermark
England
Finlars
Carmany
Holland
indonesia
Japan
Mexico
Horney
Serader, Switzertend.
:.Subscription: (Calendar Year)
Surtaco sail $350, € 24 Sh. par annuam
Airnail
85.00 per annum
Singie copy $1.00 (a.ms.)
for equinatoni in other currencies).
PLEASE NOTE! - COPYRIGHT IGAP
MATERIAL FROM UFO CONTACT MAY
ONLY BE USED AFTER WRITTEN PER-
MISSION IS OBTAINED FROM:
GAP Information Service,
Barevolden 21,
Maaloer Sd., Dermark
The Editors
Purpose and scop
Mis magnates das les dadicate te
MA BROREE ADAMSEL
Mr. Almost tenacted the MAP - tiersalional Get
Arquainted Fratian " i 1059, tered on the philosophs
that people le all parte at the word should to sires
the opportaniis al knotian what it poine pa ereryderi
i the field of fring sescera Mi hope pat that es
MARY dE possible mould discover De truth af she Are
sent are and tura to rice too tire to rome - to leare
so accept throust cosriction, the fact that or are all
ritterns al to cormos and Children of too carole Pos-
* WHom LiNE Ta Isranch the entire forces Taesa
Hats i can bar to compretead through atody mad
moderstandion of the escicace of tiler trought de mut
Tor scentian is vest to dil sat sellitary anthorities
all are tor sorid, to leaders de the laited Maliaos, te
de Mallas,
se scitalilie cinches, and to Prese tadis
dad Ty *usheritten.
Tor surpast el thie muzzime a to brine to every.
so evergehere nets ei tuart from all quarters aí
te giove ta all te ranted experie This means dar news
eat car positio he al valse la pur snoceraer to brian
to mantin an anderasanding of what to going do ta asur
world all the time. He shall tir to detert any etd erery
more de the divertion of that trait wilch tr bare act
spied, but mbied le aut pet aftically accepted on me.
broader chicles,
1. Postate
freen winer *artes
bay our ghanet.
tal political una sinatice ancies la for And Mess.
7. Peonie trans at sats or Hia, ettictel da maeli
del all ever the marte dexe tour craracted ay
sadie tres atan sari: pach contacte tory line
devi sorror to ter.
a Tia pillarashy breans do the marla by Mr. dida
earer the tott at our origin and sor future destian.
BUT BALE BO
Esche aarone, to suite of mur datton whird rhett be dana
shed assinst it On the truth, ebatever let gulse, well!
de broughs lo bear, in allow each to decide for kiteselt
und will accept ln this wonderat mard an
bis sanct.
are to sew essettestes.
Tale mascaste
polli trot readios it, dad that you will tell ra maaT
i possible about It, - espectala I gos fad A of talve.
setties,
sibetter yours,
Tan BAtt

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 864, "chars": 5177, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EDITORIAL...
"WE ARE NOT OPPOSED TO A COURT JESTER
on the groon lamne of the Royal Palaco, provided ho
is not taken for en astronomical philorophar".
sorei, mitt ais the aroganeg en too tell opinor
led, aslf-eppolted fidge, is porda ol ipnorane
isoted with bigolry ard begolien of an inflaled ego-
liam, ee nod a emall section of thai vocierous but
ofsen influantial Freze opinion which atrert emallows
bralore it chees.
The occation wat the much-publiciend, much-criti-
cired audienca ol Duzen Juliana ul tha Metheriand»
accorded to
one George
Aderasti
of Califomis,
U.S.A,, et I| am on May 18th 1858, et Soesidiji
Palsce, noer Utrechl, Hollend
The vocilerous Preas opinion in this testanco.
of the Catholic Foople's Party resapaper,
Molkstrant''.
We could iregine the seme sall-alaralod joura-
lat writing: "We ar not oppoand to a court joster
thre
privala spartmants at stai Vaticar, provid-
ad - i", on another May day, of asolher tl am su.
dasca, much more secrel, ol such mare potantial
signíficarica lour yuara taler, mhor Adameki
intit
raceived al the bart-zide of the dyiny Pope Joli.
Of the ane aurience, with e gracious Firet Lady.
the world's censation tabloida want to somo, Lackino
the ment of the accasion on which to feast theit
reader they give them the bones and the olfal, and
in the procats thry smiled and beamirched thair oun
bonourable protaesion.
The second Audience was agared this tranimient,
and still ix.
And so me car perceire hor some of tiorge
Adamaci: mostingo with
the famous racairad the
.full biani ol publicity mnhilet othara, conductad bn a
socret undercurent of diplomecy propled with silent
couniers and intencontinental briefings, ere atill, seary
*uch,
"classified".
Ademski oar NEVER afraid of the scoffara end the
exitics, stil tate of the faceluez apokegmon in gutho
rity. With emergy which hed to be aen to be bor
doved mith
CONTAGE
of comiction based in sure
enoriadoe of his oun experiencen, end mith fortitude
distilled fom the sasal and the sour of his eupport.
pes and his detractors, ME DIDNT GIVE A DAMN.
ite could tom aritien "porboilers" af opaca-
fiction ia his sunny Califomia, lite many of his cont
amporarios, mating a fortore from the traculous.
Thix is shorm by tha foet that his books bacame
mord best-sellers in many tanguages. Yet in 12 yearz
fs oily offarad TWO AND A HALF BOOKS to the
someral public. Does this soom like a man uno in
"an the saake?"
elo contect
113
No tratead he puched asd shored hin wey
the,
many timex, inbospitable climaie el "aspert" a alyris
anet clinical dizraction, saying: "Hare it my evid-
enco, baro ia my etory- TAKE IT OR LEAVE ITI
AND HE DIED, DOING JUST THAT.
What kept him going for so longt Whet hopt tha
fame so brighi for thore 12-18 tong, bitter-amant
rasre? His tremendour sente of humour? YESI Hin
meny erousarda in friands end eupportera the moris
orer? YES, THESE ALSOY
But his faith in a DIVINE INTELLIGENCE and zure
tromladae of the existence and the helplut presanco
friends from other planela in epaca, mare the Rod
of good, spiritually.
and physically-herithy human
and the Stal! on which he tearied, until te died.
GA le "and" was but e bagining And ston to
"graduated" others took over.
Ma tron, in shose lasi fea mantha, that it mouldat
be long. Already te krew those whe mere going to
carry on his work. And the Brothere and the Sistara,
piote trienda tram acrose the seas of epoca, mare
busy in their task of forging new linka, restsping
ihe saltem ef thair conticts with thoro cloce to
Adamaci.
AS WITH GEORGE ADAMSKI, the Brothere cont-
iao to fumiat anidence of their prusanca ln ou
ekiera More fiöne, steriling in their clarity, aia beáng
provided ty GA. s Co-morkers. New accounts
of
recont contact with the man and women viaiting ws
ére pridance ef thair continued interast in out aral-
Hore, in this issue of UFO CONTACT, you will
*aa more photogrephie presentetion ef 'Uniiamitiod
Fling Objecte, in none alrange feation, to soma
peculiar "co incidenca", anpther el GA't clore
associzlas ie arabied to lake sfertling
#rowie-fhm
shots of objacte in the aky. With thir now avidance
we shall show, 1o0, how Ademskis eucceazors ara
STILL puching she experta. STILL aftering for exam-
ination photographic prool of "inexplicable phonon
sna" in the aiina abore uf.
Thene are aimers thors who are ready to loar and
deride. This in a poculiar facet of the humen paycho-
togy which siems almost solely from ignorance. But,
frans God, tare are thors alas ano, in the face of
publie intolerance and spathy, ere able to stand out
troi the rast and day of the pioneer: "Cire the mert
his chance, het the man have his day".
Ns wa hars cald e lem monds back, evidence ln
atill being provided
of pur entraterrestria! visitors
prezence on and abore our planet Thal this arid.
enco remaina a pirita, " ou pives the inpression et
lanst, of remainino e puzzia. to competent
"ee-
perta"; despite public pronouncamenta mado by the
mad of Project
Blus Book,
te U.SA.F.€ UFO
agasey that UFO's are NOT trom Duter
Space.
('Evening
Telegram",
San Foradino, Calloris.
February 15th 1867 ~ full report on Pape 107, UFO
CONTACT, April insua), is ahon bere in the pager
• UFO CONTACT.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 760, "chars": 4612, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
114
Once before, a pracious lady was willit.
much advice, to listen to the sincere words of a man
who was slill to batlle for many years to come for
the truth which he propounded. We ask again for that
First Lady's gracious ettention fo
certain matten
which we beliare, er in years gone by, will be pi
interest to her,
also today.
Our Open Letter we respectfully address to -
Her Majesty, Ousen Juliana of the Netherlands.
An open Letter
SOESTDUK PALACE,
SOESTDUK,
HOLLAND.
JUNE 1857.
To Her Majesty, Quean duliana.
Your Majesty.
We vanture to appronch you on a matter atich ore
believe will be ol come interest lo you, the subjoci
being one el lammense importance, tasring de it does
implications of a nature which might well aflect in
the future every aspect of human endeavour on this
Earth.
The subject of which me speak has once before
been brought to Your Majesty's attention, and, wa
understand, received careful consideration; in fact,
easy
back & years: In May of 1859, Your Majesty was
plassed to requesi
the presence of Mr.
George
Adamshi, ef
Califomis,
e! Sosstrit Palace
Mr.
Adamski was at thal time on s world laclure-lour.
This gentlemen had an usual alory to tell, He
"flying saucers", from
achar system, from Venus, from Saturn,
athsrs,
Their unterstanding mas far shaad ot our tan
their sincere interast in our malfere mes part of a
philosophy el brotharhood and forg for
Crastor's Works.
This was Gotta Adamall: story
In 1859, the subject of flying saucars was consid-
wad by the osiorit to be laughabin. Any attampt
to discuss the possibility of baings technorogicaliy
superior to us, waiting Earth in opaco craft travailing
ufo contact
only beginning to accept the ramole pu
"some form" of life, - and a one-call life.
existing anywhare at all outside of Earth. And arry
suppestion that inlalligent boings existed who had
propressed parl the stages of wars and poverty and
racial to 1907, men to inge or then do,
Now, in
merry things hare changed.
majority still laugha, yan. But one sees in the arat-
expanding minority • level of radical but intelligent
though! which would heve been branded a "heresy
against the whole Establishment just a few yours
$g0.
With our own greally-increased space activity
and the near-prosimity of an Earthman'e lending
the Moon, idass have And lo change elong with the
immense changes in
the meant of travel.
What moder acience has yet to discover, ton.
ever, is en anticote to the enormousiy swolien ago
of "Earth-man" which has pained nothing from the
diacoveries ol Galileo other than a fist of changed
astronomical date and come very basic tacts com
coming the toler synlem in which we live.
What they have not pot learned from the
"Востор
fical"' reysiations of Galileo is that acientilic act*
of today is not necessarily scientifie "hect" of to
moron: that they, too, trese modern scientists, anay
te
all
called upon - and perhaps very roon - to chenge
previous concepts of estronomical physica aro
accapt that Earth-man in not efter ell, alone in
the Universa.
One of the piorgers in this echool of ihoughi was
George Adamati.
Since his passing, in April 1965,
others have come formard to carry on his sort.
Madem,
on soveral occazions in the yaars since
1959, Mr. Adamski was given the opporlunity of phot-
egraphing some of these space craft on moris-film.
These fims have been shown widely in the Uniled
Stales and in certain countries in Europe. Thay hare
Bean viewed by perzone in authority.
inclucing ex+
parte in
many
fraids, st
as by millions on the
general public
by many of
ta Bitton.
The extraterrestrial
human
baings of whom Mr.
Adamski spoke are slill operating in the sume pett-
sTi. Saveral el his taluare have boon privilaged to
ment these people. Haw colour movins
have been
taken of thair chips, on occesion with the deliberate
connivance of the pilots of the
traft concerned.
An American lady, Mrs. Madeleine Rodeffer,
and
too Germanborn, naturaliced Americans, Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Sieckling, hare been privileged not only
to
most these friands from other
planets but they
have also bean anabled to pholograph the movement
ef their craft on colour-film.
All of thess films have been viewed by persons
the
authority,
incleading
photographic
deports
• U.S. Mational Acronautics and Space Agency,
(NASA), and they have yet to be feutted.
Madam, the reason for our epproach in this Open
Latter is this.
Having haard from Mr. Adamaki first-
hand of his experiences.
mould
Your Majesty cera
once moro to heer of the visitations of the Brothers
and Sisters who befriended him? They have made
thompsivas Anorn to others; there are courageous

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 900, "chars": 5131, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
people sill who battle against grest addo fo
they know to be
right.
We believe that,
with Your
Majorty'e approval,
further ovidance can bo produced for pour concider
alion which wil feis grealiy your undersianding of
those matlerk, thereby
encouraging othere
to sant
the truth of there visitations from outer apace it in
our sincere belied that there is far too much at alade
for she moro to copinue to supreet er ignore torme
of arents of such
Should Your Majesty no desire, Georos Adamalle
triends mould de honoured to tell their per stories
and show their own films in Your Majesty'+ presence.
With respect,
Sinceraly
The Editors.
The evidence of the
quiet contacts
by RONALD CASWELL
*THEY'LL HEVER GET CLOSE ENQUGH. ahon
I'm pot this in ary hand, you know,
Ronald", snid
Frid
with some
conviction.
looking
othern
preming objact to haid on tie knot Ha
sightle raful emile on fie face Ma raminded no of
+ youngish Bob Hope in looks arcept that his nose
was tot so charo and bis face a litile more rounded.
'It a poser room tons, ere It's fully automatic.
They anon that if 1 pet them on she NO ONE Will
e able to deny it.
We set near in the open French window
of the
ronge with the eun streaming in, t on tha
comfort
bis old setter, Fred an a highbacked chair.
it crowned over the olher, looking thoughilully et
i com fingers idly adjusting the
tena piect pi the
no-camera.
May Marlet une nomentiore in the house. probably
"ging through to esme of the guests me moie de-
cling later in the day - or meyte she tud drinen
i2 Anteen with Angrid, Fred'e wile, whe bad i
treasy
appointment that aitersoon. Tomorrow
: atra to no through to The Hague to mael some
our Dulch friends who wore aranging Fred's festi
tene mas about somestore in the big sit house.
ad arranges for a few days teare and travelled
aTe frosti
Copenkagen soma days tatora. Hans is
ior Paterser of the Royal Danish Air Forto, organs-
- ol
European and Asien sectors ol GAP.
may mover dine it doom, bul, much-travellent men
I Ba ta, he tied tels his persport back home! He
* = huge chuckie as to described to us how te
70.
tatt
hirsalt
tha German
ties Lachily his wife had now sont the persoort
bad form acrose to Brussele a for days before,
Sepiamber let, ano
drank
cortes in ther
insert.
go with Pat Mories, May's elder par, shilar me
eto contact
115
waited
an feur ex
so for the Slackling'a pla
como in from Washington, ma New Tort
and co
logne. They were lying LUFTHANSA.
Patrict had them pagod as the Cologne Might bar
gun lo stream esto the arial bay, everyone on the
Hoat out for the
baggies coming up on the tride
moving belt from below.
Are. Sury Posters, many.
disiong friand, end Tressurer for the Belgian proupe,
arrived in her tiny Volkaragen and amiingly areelad
us, lopether with Fhilin, Mey's younger son who had
been filming
the eireralt from the sirport rool We
ware all old friends sury war to hole wit tra
trentport beck to Anteerp.
He footed al the peocto uno more coming orer.
to the inquirien sast; and the fioer clettero with
luggage-loaded trolliet es the pereensors came amay
from Customs and begon possing through the bunt
some hurring, some looking hors, othere being
granted enthunisatically by maiting friends. The bugs
hall tong with aound, and above all were the diz
ambodied voices sparking lottily from eventy hicken
dudspeakara. Wa
manderad artist Fraid and ingrid
scout foot site.
A meat-lonuing coupie mith i buy of about Saran
apoke to one of the clerks el this inquirier doat.
Thay turned and faced us as thes
min pointed ou
Prod was about & tool 10, ingrid about 57. Cline
wen looking around him at the high roof of the layer.
ingrid sat pr
alractive young women with rature!
blonde hair, alim and patrico a white, tor-piece eait.
She did not look the type ens would aspect to sen
st * soocial privale
meeting of members of the
Unitad Stater Sonale Aproneutics end Spree Comm
ittes.
Fred taomed a rather serious-facod young mars
Both were in Meir sarly thirtied. Bol are German-
bare, saluralised Americanz..
They had died in bl
made fos
toma prior to thair arrival a the
Slates. Oniy litte Glenna roice ear toldly Amer
caft,
So this was Fred Siocking the young men who
her not wished to "ale over', an George Adamsti
Red hoped during the last fom days of his illnere in
Weshington. D.C. As Fred said, noone could daker
O A'e place. So it mas teft at that. As George bad
diest, not browing. Or did he kron, that wise ste
man?
Madelaine and Fred and Ingrid had just gone on
marking as before, only much harder. Taline GA's
story,
showing hit filme, bothering the officiats en
Capitol Mill. And now they had Madeleine Rodetter's
film to show en well, the amazing close up ahote of
the scout eraft hongrine evar her "Want verd, which
was in reality, the long eloping, grasey tunk runn
from her house down to the road. At the most e
dundred fast in the air, level with the tall dee tops
Maculeine and inand bed faced a shilly inception
commities al te private Senato faring of danusy
1865, a couple of months belore George died, and
at cha
end of the chomino of Gorge's film sequen
c and a is minto verbal burga from tone sere-

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 952, "chars": 5518, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
116
astie sernors, Madeleine, who had worked
emment office for many years, just atood up
and
sold trom that she wouldnt like to be m
THEIR
shoes when people found out what was being kapt
from them.
Did they think the public was blind?
Many had seen the planes chasing the saucers.
Even children.
And Madaleir
had come out of the commition.
room seething
Lith anger.
A tew works ofterwards
she had filme
yand".
a scout-ship over her own
"front
rond Brussals-Antwarp: Patrick,
Fract loosened top a little on we spod word th
studied
Brussole University, and who himsell lectured
flying
saucers, was a good driver, but fast!
"Madeleine was at the airport as we left Washing-
ton. Oh, and Linds, her friend, mas with her.
You
know, that young woman who had some sightings.
She's mitten to you, I think. A nice girl. There ware
too Brothere standing back a bit in the crowd. They
waren't with Madeleine. Maybe she know they were
Were"
He went on faiking sbout Bomy oi the brother ha
had met. Ingrid joined in occasionally, mer wyn»
bright and shining.
"'Oh, Ronald!"
she said, in her German-accentag
Amarican, drawling the words. "If you only could
meet them! Thare is this wonderiul feeling of good-
mask that noome to reach out to you."
Fred's rethar various face relazed a little as he
spoke. One could see he wes no fonalic. FTSO Stock-
ling
and Ingrid were not money-brabbing
"contact-
ees" making a fast buck. They spoke quielly, but
vorcefully ai times. Perhaps Frad could not ovita
shake oll tris fealing on having lo convince someone
all tre time.
"Ronald," he said, after e rather long, somewhat
tired silence. They'd been trevelling for many, many
hours. "Ronald, do you know, ild just mile backaye
our fraquencies. I had i birthday a
shite back.
Ingrid wet about to burst in with wife-like enthusiesm
but Fred's voice stopped her " had a birthday a
while back" Fred went on.
"Ingrid and | mare wal-
ching T.V. I don't remember the chow. Suddenly i"
again Ingrid
Was
bursting with agreement.
"a suddenly it went doot-di-di doot doot, on the T.V.
just like that, maybe ion or a dozen times. Doot-di-
di doot-dost lagrid and i just looked al asch oiter-
and then we both DASHED out onto the porch."
Patrick swerved among the traffic on a bumpy
patch of road.
"There over the house was the saucer. it just
maryad there, back and forward. Then it seemed to
ewing down dom as the light showed from the porch.
and then chor off oner in the diraction of Washing-
ton Airport."
ingrid conidn't hold harself and tonger, "And do
you know, Ronald!" she burs! in, "Madeleine had the
same thing happen on har birthday! Linda and some
sore friends wers just being sean oil from the house
and they called out to Madeleing to took, And thais
uto contact
was this red, glowing light saaying orgr i
Fred smiled knowingly.
"You can bet they've got our were-langthe!" his
said
As we looked our at hey'e long lily-pond in the
*pacious lawn, the big,
toaly trees almost overhang.
ing the house and splashing the ground with shadow,
Fred gave a little laugh to himself and glanced up
al me.
He was so often seriour, especially when te
aiked to the
• seoble who astherod a!
May'e house,
guests, reporters etc, - it was
nice
him with
somewhat twistad, grin.
There
Were
no gimmicks
with
Frad.
"f sam e saucer close overheso come while ago.-
There are a LOT of them around that area - I had
my camera with me, this camera - and I ran off some
film and i felt so gosh-darned plazsed with myself!
D'you knom something? I loft the dust-cap on!"
He told me of his talks with the Brothere.
"D'you know,
Ronald, enter you're with them, you
don't ASK questions. You don't think of it. You just
listen. It's as if you are not meant to sak of things
mayte they don't want you to krow."
Fred bit his lip thoughfully.
"Orie of them I can see several times e waak. i
know where he's working: I can tell you what sort
of work he does. but not where." Fred told ine.
"Ile anty once in a abile us have a chenos to
lalk. Maybo over a cup el sottee soro placa."
He paused, then
want on.
"This one's from Venus."
Fred's trip over had been dalayed. Hann and i had
had to change our bookings. Fred had told ma on
the trip up from the airport how someone, - he didn't
know who - had contueted the bank where Frad had
arranged credit for the trip.
"' have to do it on tha instalmants. he said. "A
cook doesn't gam all that much money." Fred works
at an hotel in
Virginis near where he lives.
The strange thing was that Fred had praviously
had credit arrangements with the seme bank,
ano
had had no bother. Maybe someone had tried to stop
his trip lo Europe: It had token novaral days to clear
up the matter.
He was speaking first in Antwerp, staying
May for some days, then The Hagus,
than Frankfurt
Mannheim, then in Austria - Vienna and Line -
then on 1o West Barlin for the last sis days to stay
with his family.
Whether Fred was heload with monny at the Ger
man or Austrian lectures, I don't know. I know he
received nothing it Antwerp and Den Hang, ascept
hospitality from good triands. Thai certainly did not
pay the Stocklings fare across the Allantic.
Fred'a firet lacture mas on the evening of our 8i7-
tal in Antwerp, at dany Moriet's home. Of the 50-60
in the audience, which included reportare, I noticed
a young woman. I shall not describe her.
Later that night, in fact al 330 in the moming. -
no had sat talking, all of May's house-quaste, until
the small hours, es es mere to do every nighl of our
visit - I walked with Hans Petereen around some

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 847, "chars": 5134, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nio contact
quiel, deserted, taaly avenuez near to May. nduse
Hanz had suggesled a walk before turning in. It was
our first opportunity to talk sione together since out
meating in Denmark shree or four weeks belore.
He miso wanted to tall me eomething. About a
young lady of rather special apperrance who had,
during the course of the evening, moved out of the
audience and tas sitting em a selles very close to
e spratore laple Just before the queste loft,.
some al than
ire unknown t
May Mortet - the
young woman spoke a fos warde with Hans.
"Ron", said Mans "1 am wondering about that.
young woman."
Some days after Fred and Ingrid and Glenn had
dari vienna for tenin, for a vary shori family re-union,
the Co-workers raceived a fatter from our Austrian
friend and Co-worker, Dore Bauer, who told us of the
lectures Fred had given in Vienna and Linz. She also
arote that Fred had told har of tro space people,
• Brolter and a Sisier, who ware at May's house on
that fizl exoning-.
And going through Germany he had filmed e
strange formation in the eky. It war on Saplember
7th 1866.
In Fobrusry this year I recaived shotorlata of corr.
espordence and some still pictures from the
film
that Fred Sickling took whisi irrelling
by train
berkeen Marnheim and Frankfurt, in West Garmany.
The stills he had obtained by photographing
from
the screen, he said. He did not dare here the elilis
professionally made. (Both George Adamski and Ma-
deleine Rodetter have had "accidents' happen to
film in the pest. A greater part of the Rodeffer close-
up saucer film was elolen from an hotel room when
GA mas taking the original to be copied. Copies
of his sun film loaned to T.V. nal-works and others
hare relurned badly disfigured with chamicals, "with
gnazi regret -"')
A lotter from fred to Thames G. Corbin, Majors.
Janeral U.S.A.F. Director Leginialive Linison, Dep-
artment of the Air Forca,
Washingion;
D.C., raced:
MOnar Sir,
While with my family in
German Soplamber 7.
'956. " Pao the rare opportunity lo film a
"'Armada"
al about 40 to 50 UFO's spearing and disappesring
a the middle of tha blue sky.
Ine Z tael of Kodakcolour film were taken out
i an
open window of a speeding express train,
Mannheim Franklurt, approzimately al 11.40 mm.
My camerz is an sutomatic 8 mim Revere pomer
com,
30 min
laris. The objocts, which can be sean.
ok liko white cigarettes on the motion pictura te.
ind treas, milroad stations and powerlines.
which
ere fiying by and blocking their sight on occasions
tale framing. This rules out light sellections from
ry excusabie source.
I mould be willing indeed to aton this rare film
ersonally) lo Air Force officials here is Washing-
* DO, l they are interesied.
117
Any Monday would Do fine for showing the ...,
I am looking formand to your answer,
sincerely,
Fred Stackling"
UNQUOTE.
Similar letters were sent do Senaior Clinion P.
inderson, of the Senaíe Space and Apronautic
committes, ano to Ur Pavl L. Lowman enr at da
Nationel
Aeronautics and Space Administration.
(NASA).
The reply from Dr. Lowman reada: (sos inside back
cover).
"NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE
ADMINISTRATION
GODDARD SPACE FLIGHT CENTER
Gratitail, Marriand atri
FILE 17292
ids. Frad Stackling,
Feb. 20 1867
.....
Alexandria, Virginia 22912
Deer Mr. Stackling:
Thank you very much for your letter and for your
offer lo show us your lilm, I am not really qualitied
do pass judgement on it, but it mould be pond to
have the people here at Goddard who are, took at
it. May i sugges!, then, that you give Mr. Penn 5ie-
mene, phone - _ a call. Me will make an appoint-
mant for you to come out to Goddard and show than
Photogrephic Branch and ma your film, Unfortunal.
aly we have no emm projector here, so i must ask
you to bring your own. Thank you again for your
offer.
Sincerely yours,
signed.
Paul D. Lonmen, dr.
Geochemistry Laboratoty
Laboratory for Theoretical Studies"
UNQUOTE.
Of the visit, which took place in Building Al. at
10.30 a.m. on February 27th 1967, Fred said this:
"- Wa look Mindeleine along so the 22 NASA off-
icials could too G.A.'t and her film, too. They coom-
ad to be quite impressed, but would not make an
open sistement concarning the film, naturally. The
2 hour meeting look place in Building A.l. They
treated us very nice and seemed to know much more
of what we had to show and tell One thing they
said, howerer, and that la concerning Dr. Hynek. His
swamp: gas explanations are nonsense, me mare told.
"But despile the evidence of the 3 filmz they still
sould like to have more positive proof, it mare told,
for i «lill does not prove these shipa to be extra-
Correstrial, as
one official pul it. Howevar, he mat
not able to tell un just tate these suams craita
come from otherwite. But they mare quite improssad
about the exact formation of the many strips on the
film of Sept Ith. 66. Reflection, any fake, and cloud
formation,
including Skyriders, was ruled out. It doft
only 23 feet of UFO%.
"'They said nothing about GA's film and on Ba-
daleine's they commented, - the ship le emailas, and
anticipalad it to be aboul 27 lasi in diamater. They
were intorested in how far the trees in the back-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 815, "chars": 4742, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
118
ulo contact
ground mero and ail in eil aaid, lo be cor
i u thial
wint we had shoms them are ships of extralemeatrial
origin they meedra more postive proof or eridener.
One perzon came up mith the scout seing e votie-
sagen, you kinos hor they hare to mate jokes. But
ws were treated very nice and in respect, a ane
person said to ingrid, pose heve comethino thera, -
menning the filme -
"I could sog that they hed much knowedgr, but
could not cive
thempalves seay. Thay
did not rid
rule us, soricha filma, nor the rhole UFO iser. l
dié nos po to NASA do convince them, but la cone.
lilt threwm.
ise added:
"This masting with NASA mas I dittereni esatter
atopethar than
the Senste Space committer Z yiere
ago with Madeleine end ingrid, where they recaled
son "Hall" thar enything alss ="
UNQUOTE.
On March 20it Fred sent me & photostat tetter
drom the UFO spotesmen el the Pentagon in Wa.
aanton DIC (As beck papss!
"DEPARTMENT OF THE AIR FORCE
Washington: 20330
Office Of The Secretiry
téer 17 1857
Daer Mr. Steckling:
Your tufter concaming your
unidensiliad fiyine
obiet (UFO) Aim finally rasched my office .
Office of Information for Project Blue Book, the Air
Force UFO program.
The Air Force would be vary intereeiad in raviet.
ing your film. Il you would get in touch with mo et
Pentagon.
we wilt
arrange e showing tor.
ary
Mondey which is convaniont for gou. My
number ie
9---0..
Thank you for affering
te ston pousr tilm; d em
stoking forward to hearing frot yous.
Sirceraly
aigned Georga P. Fresnan, it.
Lt Colonel, USAF.
Chief, Ciril Franch
Community Retaliona Division
Office al inornation.
Mr. Fred Steckling.
Almaaorie, Virgínia 22312".
LINGUOTE
Frod antte ad sre visit:
MOr Paragon neil wet Monday Munch Joch et
2 D.AL
at Colonel Fraaman'e offica .i
Madeleine
came aiong » severa high commission alticore nea-
loed the sopt Ith film three times, and Colonel
Frosman etaled: "This is the beat filen I'vs asen yui."
and "f havo sever ssar anything lito thie befora."
Ho tolo ma to inform te UFO investipation comi.
Itee ln Colorado - f- tus non Univaraity of Calorado
UFO investigalion stuny. - N.C. - BT
Bore pittures.
: :
"Madeleine's and Gd e filma mere already known
to tram - trom It. = and so comman
see made on
tem, They wegred to know all tran of us - ingrid
war tare- they gare thin impression.
"The Colonal aaid: "What about the scoutehipe
mo are supporad to hova in Dayton?" so wo ane-
mered
"What stout and how about "?" They oid
not confirm anything ar atharmice. But hera toe wre
mia troniad respectlui, ani relurad ihe aars do
tham .*
UNGUOTE.
Later, i receivad e fustar description ol avento.
"When I rook ihe fim September 7th, me mere
bakmeen Mannheim and Frackfurt travaling North. The
timo man about 11.45 ams, no clouds, about seventy
degreer, Fahranhert Although powar-lines ant troet
mere flying by, afila i loan the film, il tharg man e
stalion it suraty amished by so faut thal it seer inp.
sneibio to make out eny signs, pie. in thir crea you
mave to taxa my vord for l l mas airaady balora
alerterd of the brothera bufore the film, and became
amarg of a grou ot 10 20
i2 cigaratte
shasto
ooracte teat in the aky (12 o'siock vp.t $ fumioa
bark to arab
the camara,
growerzooi,
mm Ravera, 80 to
Chicage brild and opened the window
ait the way to aliminate any roliectione and startad
filmina. Ail in sll, 6 proupa ol ton to tratis apiace
tralt appetred one alter asother and morad niora
the sky like coiphins in the aster, as an exemple.
Appearing and diseppearing, the arnade traveled to
about I o'clock (oosition) and dissopeared complat.
ely, piring na tra preiage to taka quant ta teat o!
kodat estor film.
'There sare quile eoma propte an the srain, some
of them toking
cut of their windows.
becoming
snare of the obiocts As mn could and they all had
big gunstion marks on their lacer They had moner
sean anything nts this before. I misht add, ebore
was no foar on thair facex ingrid and myelt sino
Glenn, we cord hardly belere il, ever to be pres-
anted with such en apporlunity of taking thet muany
ships on fit and all at onca. We slood on the win
dow, dagrid seying eniy,
"oh, my God" and dur every
heir sas standing up af thia wonderfül sight We mil
manes forget thir experiance and ar suraly grateful
for i
UNQUOTE.
I arale to Frad, asking him if I couid use his piet-
mas and corresponderco in UFO CONTACT. He
arale bact:
"You can go aband end unn what you foal in right
poncaraing my visit to NASA and ie pictures »
"As you know, my wort in this cause hae no conn..
ections in pleasing ery Ego, and therefore it does
not matter to me if my auma in uzed or not Import-
ant is the wark, not us.-
*Wa all snor Georte Ademebi tas given much to
tis world in inontedoe end intormetion end t taal

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2269, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
that the poople should bacome emere finet o
and
contact.
When
your
readera have
wecome
acquainted with the ides of the brothers being under
as this
very moment and
that averyone has the
chance lo tal lo tham if to becomes aware of them,
then you may talk about my contecte in connection
with G.A Ronald, I cannot tell you what lo do, for
you munt res your win judgement in this maties.
When aunt you feet to was it then go ahead and do
so. I am not afraid lo toco the people or thal arer
comes with it,
UNQUOTE.
Mat is the slory to tha
• cuiet Contacts.
Why here I told you all this? Because i know stat
thosa to read there words will foal the dincerity
of Frad and harid Slackling, and al Madelaim Rod.
after.
The scootien tale afrage of people making a fest
buck". Maybe they are right about some But not
ebour the Stocklings or Madeleine. Thay tre insing
money fael, but they are doing the job thai Goorge
Adansati lett term to do, with stendizatess end cou-
What is the tarson from #his?
First, - pou will make up your oen minds as to the
truth of their stories, - es George Adamski said no
atten: "I'm not bare to convince goa, - far to tall
Second, - you are
picture which in painted for you in these nogu
of eventa.
GEORGE ADAMSRI took bir alary and lüs fian
do ANYONE - Including authority - and war properad
do face ail crilicien and expert enalyais
MADELEINE ROOEFFER war enabled to taks close.
up shots of a tying seucer over her gurden. Thie
ans arranged with the Brother, and she was expect.
ing thems
She has show thie film, with GAd,
nation-wide pel morte, - she has faced the offician
on Capital Hin, She has mat ena Brother.
FRED STECKLING has taken a unique movie film
etich Aer impreteed NASA'» photograchie experte
and the roars al the
Pantapon.
He bes mat
thra
Brothers.
Can it be COINCIDENCE all the time? Can shay
FAKE unique and impressire aridence ALL THE
TIMET
At this point I asight add thet while George Adan
aki was on his 1858 mond-tour, many soperate with.
baron in dustralia and Not Zeuland reported activit-
tos and farmetiona el maucer aver coma of the mary
citer end tosne whore Gut lectured
All this to for the racond.
Ar frad Stackling mate i aimple worde atch
beid a world of nicaring:
#PORTANT IS THE WORK - NOT US.
UFO- PICTURES

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 71, "chars": 454, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
820
erfo contact
Taste still pholograshs
taken from the screen,
jection of the i on col
Men ol september Teh 11
Taken with a REVERE S
cise camera, automalic
paressanom
Fred Stockling of Alexandria,
Vapisia, Us.h
83 fast of codorr filin
mas exposad frame a spirad.
dang
train
travelling
from
Barnheim to
Frankfurt in
Wast Marmany.
boss sly.
Shorm de shotographin
experts of MASA
If the file, Pentagon UF
postesson asid: "This i
the best lide lie seen yet

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 892, "chars": 5384, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
so contact
121
What Adamski
said...
The newspaper accounte which claimed i O
oriers of the forthcoming maating with Qusan Juliara
were entirely lales. One thing is caciein: the prian
was furious. The reporters coult not pel any inform.
ation from me so they fabricaled stories to seve face
(and perhaps to prolact their jobe!). Nowspapera all
over the United States copied these falze reports
GEORGE ADAMSKI WAS MANY TIMES ACC-
usED of baino o charlatan, - that is, a parson who
pralends to mare
more knowledge or skill thart ter
does tars, - an impostor or a chaat. He has been
called e faker, becaure tie
has produced
photo.
grapha of so-called space-ships mhich he claimed
do have taken himsell. He was a fiar,
laking money
from the credulous
with alories of tentasy, saying
say mate fus.
Most of these names were giran to him by people
who mould not have had the courage to say it to his
taco, or githin the presenco of a lawyer. Il Ademaki
had invoked the law of libel in every
Case Buch BE
this, not one of his detractors could have proven
that thie name
he find
used ses apolicable.
Adamski could have indeed made money from
thoss
claims! Eut Adamski was not that kind of man. Ho
none the truth, and therefore no-one could herm his
integrity. On this integrity all hie subsequent actions
rested.
Many incidents he his later life mare mis raported
sometimes out of malice, at other times becauso of
expediency.
ation insufficient detait was al hand
Many were the garbled reports
circulated about one
very special occasion. Here, below, is WHAT ADAM-
SKI SAID about:
The royal audience
During my stay in Brisbane I recaived e tetter from
Ray d'Aquila of The Hague, Netherlends, requesting
me to atiend an interview with Queen Juliane on May
181h, 1859.
The latter requesied an immediate reply.
I went a cable confirming raceipt of the letter and
consenting to the interviem.
Toward the and of April, when I retumed lo Lon-
don from lectures in eullying cities of tha British
Isles, the rumor was out that i wee to here an inter-
viere with Queen Juliana. I was at the home of Des-
mond Leslie when the talephone rang, It mar e rep.
orter assing for verification or the interview. I admitt-
ed only that such a rumor asinied, and did not con-
fir anything.
The raporter wes caulioned not to publish anything
until il had been confirmed. He agreed to emait con
himation, out of respect for Queen Juliana,
but his
and added commente as they passed them on.
An articia in the Los Angeles Examiner of May
isth, entitied t
Dutch On Saucer
Discussion,.
stated: "The press has piron Adamski, from Lon
Angeles, a chilly reception, The Catholic People's
Party newspaper Do Volkskrant, eaid, for example:
"We are not
opposed to a court jesler on the green
lawns of the Royal Palace, provided he is not taken
for ai astronamical ifilbsopher.! ∞
Soon after the nowspaper De Valkekrant enticized
my interview with Queen Juliana, several other Durich
papers followed suit and began to speak in e critical
main. The more dignified papers, however, presenied
straightfoneard accounts liko the following:
"QUEEN JULIANA SEES US. WRITER, Hone
Discussion on Space Travel, from our correspondent.
THE MAGUE, May 19th.
Queen duliane and tha
Prince of the Netherlande today receivad, el Sonat-
dijk Pelace, Mr. George Adameki, the American
author ai saverel books on epaco trayal. The Curas
and Prince Bernhard had a lalk lasting about an
hour with Mir. Adamski. It is understood that the talk
art of e purely informative character. The Duperi
and Prince Bernhard wanted to become soquainted
with Mr. Adamaki and his rises.
"Those
who
more present el the conversation
included Mr. C. Kolff, president of the Royal Nether-
lands Society for Aviation, Lieulenant-Ganeral M
Schaper, Chief of the Royal Netharlands Air Staft,.
Professor Jongbloed, of Utrecht Universily, an axpert
i medical science dealing with arialion,
and Pro
tessor Rooy, of Amulerdam University, who pines
inctures on mazz communication.
"Sir. Adamsti, sto claims to have town nauna the
moon in a lying seucer and to have bain in contact
with inhabitants of the planat Vanus, te lecturing in
The Hagus and Amnstardarn."
Ae l em a common man with no lite or position,
some newspapers questioned the Queen's right to
itille me to the paisco A true ruior, or represen.
tative of the
people, can gain knomadgo from the
tomasl as mail as the highest sources.
The preas called the Queer gullible and eccused
far of falling for strange things. This is not trua. Sha
i only interentad in all now things of life, as a rutas
we a
living in times eten on every
The Daily Herald of April 281h, 1850, London, pub-
hand things are changing. Unless the rulers are well
ashed the following
article under the bending,
"der-
informad, they cannot some their people well.
tana's Men Joy - Flying Saucers', The reporter gane
this
Overan dulana has the malfare of her peonto at
accownt:
checked with
duliana's secretary.
heart, Therefore she has an open mind that permite
Yos,' the secretary said orer the phone trom
ind.
Har
Majesty
Hol
her lo looks al all facets of lila, not boring to the
tan asked Mr. Adamaki to con-
dictates of the fee; end so sta cas noi seizuaded
fidential talke. More than that I cannot disciona. The ta cancel the expointment
ult will be betason she tard of tham alone. n
At this time I will relate the true facts of try intor.

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 862, "chars": 5057, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
view with
the
Oueen. They feve sere.
fished before,
The press isports quoting questions
and aniwara from the interview mare falsified, as no
reportare aero alloted inside the palace during this
interviera)
I fert London any arneed in Amalendar n
the
15ih at May, 1859 Mixn Rey d'Aquila and soria note.
paper reporfers
more at tie airpor
to
war still dullering
the cold i had cought t
Scotland, s0 8
excused myself and was taken to e
amail hotel in me outrains or Amterdam.
This next eftamoon 1 met callod
to a lalevision
meansal for a program that mer to te piner that
arming..
This mes on May
15th,
and i answer My
film on the program.
The vecection Du the pubtic er
any subject and the film was vary good.
After the rohourtal, we drove beck to the hotel,
picked up my luggage and toit for The Moguw. Mins
d Aquila bad arrenged transportation dy
automobile,
and i arrivad at The Hague about midnight.
bly hots was in a quiet residantial district, acronn
te atreet from a beautiful part. The firet day wan
eet caide for ma ta
mast
That moming t unpacked
and
SaraTel
walked through
the part
#tre
FREITSE
ware apent #trolling
around and pholographing the local ecenery.
I had boon pleced in this cocluded holel purposely
emaid the prene.
when to tensmen cows not
locate now,
they
became
äritated.
Those
charge si publicity auld not say entore ! mes stay.
ing.
end the manager of the holel hed been ginn
orders not fo
renal my oregance.
For one day and
evening i vet able to rates
On the morning of May Main, I had breakiest and
sandied mysell for ta
visit to Soestdit Palace near
Utracht The Palace
$0.30
car was to cali lor me at abou!
1 a.M.
an informal meeting, so my
attita.
I had been
carefulty
proper etiquette
and conduct in the
of my
royal hosts.
When the car artired
introduced to mos
chevileur who held the door
antorad. To evado tra
press, me avoided
OPRAT BE
to custar
Mie
the
gardens
through a pale
tact smartly #E
«d. t noticed
ex in froni of the
into the grounds.
WEE
riding
enveway,
sordarao by
enrubs,
to
tha
antranco.
My mind
in
trying:
to
i remember
given
that I failed to
escapt that
The chauffeu
100 LM
ery throat tr
car stopped
stie
door
emiuted, and
scorted me up the broad slept
Palace
doormen
doore,
which
drassed
apared by
oyst blue,
Wher
*iso
salutes.
mary tele
at my top cost and muffler; the other escorted me
into a large library with high celing.
ato contact
* bad boon narrous with anticipation.
seeing
of catm and esse come over me exist
in thre
presence of the Ousen: She and the othere present
se standing when I entored the room The Oueen't
secrelary come formid end introduced me to Har
Majørty:
Queen duliare In turn, 1 mas prevented to
Prince Bernhard; Li. Geneial Sckaper, Chief of the
Royal Netherlande Air Stalf; Frofessor dongbioed,
of maria Apoicine: Di
Bet.
Rooy.
"elecommonica.
done; and Ali. Koil, President of the Royal Matter-
tands Socitly for Aviation.
When the Queen acknowledged the introduction, 1
completely farpol all the instructions and could not
remember the formalities that should tians been fall.
todd, Instend, i acted upon my fazlings and war at
nasa, for here me a footino of maicome as amoro
The duden gracioualy eated Il I drank colfes
When I replied thai i did, colter was nerved in forge
cups of beautilul dorion, insite my remained atand
ing After all had been perred, we sere asked to to
anated, That solion was the bent i had had dice
fearing America!
We were at ons and of thin fibrary souted
lounge chair sevembled in a horseshoo
positioni.
Diracily across from me ant the Queen Nest to her
we tre Pract and on my right, nort to tre Prince,
eras a pantlemen who acted an
spontaman for tim
Ae l nemember, this pentleman
Mr.
in my foll were di oiner Mino gentiamon
named. The secretary was seated a littie apart fron
the others.
Small pastries mars sened, and ex me set enjoy.
ing the refreshments and induiging in informal con-
versation, I noted shet Her Majesty wore a light blue
frocki
The men
were tressed in black suite atr
white shirts and black ties.
Operaties more passed. Then the secretary opened
the topic for which I had been wammannd. She ref
arred to my tes books and eated a question regare
ing my trip arsund the moon. I mar eware of having
boon granted only forty-five minutes, so i made my
The estronomer and
Air Force thial askad qui.
ationa part, tying to
discredit the interplanetary
visitors. An I think of it now, perhaps my arawar
mas a little rude in the presence of royalty, for 1
maid: "l here krom of no major ofticials of our Air
Force and lex astronomers, who have told what thay
ectually anon about ta visitor from apaco, lt a *
know fact that the secret files and confidential
reporta of the Air Force here never bien released
do the public, or aren to high officers in the govert.
part I am inclined to believe this applies to all
I meant for she guns a tiny amite af
mont
*canossess
I pointed out that most of the findings of our Earth
solattist
had been published in my books at lastt
three years belore.
Many quantion were saked about ishabitants of

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 983, "chars": 5665, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ulo contact
123
othar planets. I relold much of what I hau
in my second book. The major questiona of pur con
forence daalt with our future in outer space.
Amaroness of timo mas lost as me all grew inter-
ested in the conversation
aboul outer space. What
began as • forty-live minule intervion lasted two
hours. Finally the Queen reminded me that my lact-
ura started in less than an hour, Interest mes so
wreat in the topic, i it had nol been for the lecturg
we could have kept talking for hourse
When the Queen reminded mo of the time, I arose
and we all shook hands in a very friendly mannar.
I was deeply impressed with the fin sincere grasp
of Her Majesty and the Prince The spokesman for
the Prince ascorted me to the car. During the con.
ference he had staled he mould like to take a trip
with the space people and he repealed thia razumst
as me descanded the stape to the waiting car.
As we were leaving the Palace grounds, I molicad
a large group of people standing acrose the high-
way and facing the Palace. At the cer came through
the gate, many of these people gave the familiar
salute. Possibly thay only wanted to get a look at
the common men who had been grantod a privato
intervier with the Queen, and whom the press had
described as an "objectionable" visitor. On the fast
trip back to the hotel, I noticed crowds of peopte
stong the highway, saluting as we passed.
Arriving at the hotel, me found e car waiting to
take mo to the lecture at The Hague. Tha Queen's
chauffeur asked if he might attend the lacture and
was granted permission lo do so.
Que to the long interview at the Palace, ! arrived
tranty minutes lale at the lecture halt where a cap-
acity crowd was maiting.
The people present were
Filled with curiosity and anticipation in regard to my
meeting
with Queen Julians Reporters especially
were insistent that I give them all the details. This 1
could not do, for the mesting had been on a level of
dignity that denied me the privilege of spesking
until the Queen spoke firel. All I could say was:
"The Queen was very kind, and if there were more
people like hier the world mould be a better place
" live h." A irémendour burst of applause look
pace, and from there on the lacture proceeded an
normal.
After tre lecture,
the reporiers crowded around
ne esking.
"What did the Queen say?" it is the
Curan's honor to speak first," I replied. This mada
In pross very dissalistied with me. Some went to
tor as to mile up a fictitious intervior complete
with questions and answers.
When I returned to my hotel i was graleful that no
one buen ahare I mas, for nose i could rolex and go
nar the sraits of tea day.
A radio, was in my room, and the nart morning 1
ined it to the BBC since I could not inderstand
the Dutch of local atations. On an early-morning
program called The Nems of Europe, I was very
much surprised to tear a report from e Russian sei-
antist stating thet the moon was not compored of
volcanic dust, but rather ol granite formations sim.
ilar to Earth. Many green spots thet look
vegetation had been observed on the other
the moon. This confirmed some of the things i ded
told the Oween during our two-hour conferancs.
I as curious to know just how the Russians had
gained this information. My friands and I discusto
the possibilities laler that morning. Waz Il possibla
that a Russian had made a trip an I had, or did they
receive the information from
their moon shot that
went into orbit around the sun? (Information receivec
at the time of this writing seems to contim that they
Before the moming was over I was asked i!
would eccept an interview with
For Morietons la
downtown Hague, I mould be called for and taken to
the appointed place so i agreed.
The selected place mas a large hotal in the centre
of lown. Our car was parked across the streat from
the building, I was told to walk across the atreat and
enter the hotal. Camera mere ready and not for ope-
matically and i entered the hotel.
I was greated by many people, including the man-
ager of the hotel, and raceived the customery anivia.
This mas not photographed. I was taken to a darge
room share cameras and sound equipment were l
place. Hero I was seated beside a amail mahogany
tebie which held a bouquel of American Beauty
roses. My interrogstor was sexled on my right. His
first question was: "The world wants to know what
the Quser had to say."
My answer was that Her Majesty and His Roye!
Highness more desply interested in the future of
ouler spaco development The interrogator was mary
dissatisfied with my reply end tried to get me to
relate our conversation in some detail, When i ref-
used, he hurried through the other questions, and tha
nove conference was over. I mas told this newsreal
would be shown all over the world, but I luva no
reports of it ever having been shown.
it is interesting to nole that, after my visit to the
Palace,
wherever I went in Holland i rocained the
salute from those who racognised me. Perhaps this
is = customary honor paid to one who has been
received by the Queen.
On Friday May 22nd, I received en invitation from
the manager of the City Theatre in downtown Am-
stardam, to attend tha preview of an Malian film,
Death Comes From Outer Space.
The death that cams from outer space was a gho
antic estarold travelling et terrific spred directly
soward the worth. This asteroid was formed from all
the debris blown into apace by our atomic and hyd-
rogen expiosions. The people of the Earth mere in e
panic, for they wars warned that at any moment it
could hil our planet and cause complela destruction.
Meamhile, huge tidal waves and heavy earthquaken
were wreaking hevoe in many places throughout the
portd.

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 806, "chars": 5140, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
124
The acientiste of all nations calied
Loom
Hary in every olher nation to sim their atomic mias-
ites al the asteroid and to fire
this way the
simultaneously In
asteroid
was destroyed
meapons that ted cauxed its creation.
Representatives of the press were present al the
showing.
After it war erer.
• #ER asked it sucr a
thing could happen in real lila, I replied that it could
and gave the follorine explanation:
The lightning) bolt is craled from invisible par-
ficies of matter what are fused together by the dorr.
Hie heat of a natural electrical discharge. It is entirely
possible for the millions of tone of dobris that have
been blown into
the
upper regions of the earth's
aimosphere lo come together and form er artificial
ERfErDid.
The larger the
mats
ot debris, the more
sriraction it wouid have for additional perticiex."
This picture alerted me to the possibility that rad-
illion and fallout are not the only dangers me might
be facing from our atomic axplosions.
Reporte
have
COme
from Mexico etating that a
muge fireball crashed into a mountain just before the
disastrous
earthquake thera in dugust of 1859.
Recently several planes have reportedly hit objects
from spaco. Some here survived; others have eras.
had to
their doom.
Could
they have crashed into
some of the high-snergy pockets lalt by our explos-
Some of those man-made asteroids burn and glen,
and could be mistaken for ordinary meleorites. This
many also be the answer to some of the fireballs that
have been reported.
By the way of closing this chapter, I mould like to
reproduce in part a tatter concerning the lecture in
Amiterdam, sant 10 co-workars in The Netherlands
written by Miss Rey d'Aquila,
dalied
durs 1ath, 1839, and reade se follows:
"At the and of the lecture in Amsterdam, Pro-
fessor E. L. Seelliger of Bergen (NH), physicist and
former Delft Professor, stepped on the plattorm and
thanked 'our friend Adamski" in public for the things
that he had brought us. Ousting him practly: The
things that we have heard may sound strange to most
of us, if not all, but strange
things happen svery
day, I our oyes are open. i hope
that we will be
oper minded ano beneiit trom the things we have
hoard today!
"The audience applauded hearily. (Inside inform-
•lion: Professor Seeiligar is in good relation to the
Queen and if we take his mental courage and her
interest end deep understanding, me may conclude
that after all George Adamskie visit to our country
hes been a succesciul one ind the slapping sione
do a bettor tubura.)'
Sagarding ary
interies with the Cieen, I will
again quote from the report: "But one thing we can
any for sure, no press reporters more prevent.
So
aust the press had further to say about his audience
nas a big lie from the firet to the last line! Parie
carried a
imaginalive
Materia With The Quean, complete with questions
uto contact
I wish those imaginative reportars could t
present during my inierview with Queen Julisi
might have leared something of dignity, kindness
and gentility, from a great woman who pulas tisi
country with wisdom and fove.
From: "Firing Saucers Farmell'" 1061,
by George Adamaki.
UFOLOGY
A proposal to UNO
PRESS RELEASE NO. &
Fabruary Ind, 1857. New Yort.
RELEASED BY
intercontinental UFO Observer and
duralytie Metwork,
Colman VonKeyiczky representativo, 13-50
T5th Street 1C., dackaon Heights, MY. 11372 USA.
SUBJECT.
The Intercontinantal UFO Obtaror and Analytic
Natort, representing the globally wiled sciantitie
UFO research analysto /Prosa Ral, dan. Tith, 19671,
hare roquested U.N. Secretary Ganeral U Thant, for
invitation of the world lading scientists pioneering
in UFO studies, pioneer UFO espert researchars, to
the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space Conlerance, to bo
hold September, 1967 in Vienne; to aludy firet hand
the sridence and earthly reconnaissance of unider.
fifiad povertel by UFOs trom other celestial bodies.
Representation should be headed by the nalione.
wide amanded space and rocket sciatilist "father of
astronautics" Prof. Dr. Hermann Obarth and a markd
mide documentation should be furnished and exhibi
ilad by the intercontinental UFO Network, support
ing the stataments of the scientists" reprezentation.
Request based on a resolution of the General Ass-
ambly 21s1 Session Doc. 19 and 21, 1866/ that the
UN is privileged to invite Special Agencies to tha
Conference reiated to the
subject.
Folloming is the part of the Memorandum address-
ad on Fabruary Isl, 1967 to Mis Excellency U Thant,
Secretery Goneral el the Unilad Mations:
My dear Secretary General - Your Excellency,
The intercontinental UFO Observer and Analytic
Network respectfully request that you, chairman of
the Oular Spacs Affain Committer,
tis Excellency,
Dr. Kurt Waldheim, Ambassador el Austria da the
U.N. and the Genere! Ascendly,
ation of the world's landing scientists pioneering in
UFO studies, expert UFO research pioneers to the
Conference or the Penceful Uses of Outer Space
to be neid September, 1857 in Vienna Our request
* mi
relation to the resolution of the Goneral Aas-
ambly, 21at Session, which took place on 20 and 22
December, 1866, end whoso privilege it it
to invite

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 790, "chars": 5305, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
do the Conterenco Special Agencies relalaid
Bubject-
The proposed raprasentation should be headed by
the world's most highly honored, awarded and
pet-
pected scientist in the field of Space and Rockets.
the
"father of astronautics" Prol. Dr. Hermenn
Oberth. The team of eciantists should be compisted
according to enclosura No. I. with highly competent
scientific UFO researchers whose atatements can
be screened endiveritied on the basis of various
documentation madis in postession al our mortd-mide
analytic natori, such as; exisiing recorde oi the
UFO observert, ambracing continental documantation
by historical background, statistict..
photographs,
motion pictures, and other documentalione exhibitad
and witnessed by originators, ebout the UFOs and
their giobal raconnaissance petivities.
As e former international civil servant en your
stafl, and foundor of the intercontinental UFO Nat-
work, supporting our request, may I cail your atlant-
ion to the constructive end progressive values of my
proposals, submitled during the last yasr, to your
cabinet, assisting voluntarily the UFO problem within
the framewor of the Uh, which bone Binnoy then
realized during the past 11 months.
1) The PROJECT UN-VFO, tre orgenization actreme
of an international analytic team within your staff,
lo insp aner control the UFO global nurmiliance,
nd ita 135 documentation, has been objected to b
honsensement of thin spite of tate, i same goo
"moment, in lead bu in spite of ney it me ply.
ation at the V.t. has,
three months later, invasted
s00 thousand dollars for the same purpose in the
Cotorado university.
The U.S. porammant has eas.
wally been inestigating UFO cases, classified es
"Confidential since 1944, under project names, euch
el, Sigma, Grudge, and Bluebook,
Valuated
BEck-
warde this represents budgelary expenditures amount.
ing to more millions of dollars.
2) The INTERCONTINENTAL SPACE SECURITY
PACT proposst, submitted to your cabinet on klay 10,
1906 has been accepied in part, in that the
Articles
No., 1. I. V. and Par., 12345 14. therain hars
transferred to the Gorarning
Principies
Parceful Uses of Ovier Space Trealy, which
*88
negotiated in the Ovier Space Committes, - a pes-
alution adopted by acclamation by the Ganeral Ass-
ambly last Dacomber 19, and signed by 62 ristions.
esploring in outer sonce. The transpianted articies of
the mentioned Security Pact ire as follows:
a Farth and warthmen security - supreme constit-
ational authority of UN in rolation do outer space
in articles Mo. LII.V.IX.
la establishment of interational responsibility for
damages by explorina nation to aticles No VI.
and Vii.
* astronaute to be considored envoye of the UN.,
exprassad as
"envoys of manking" in articles
#o.
« not prohibited ot high esplosive merpons in
menniad space crafts ter pall defense in outer.
space and colestial bodios, ln articto lo
"phenomena" observed in space en
estial bodies to be reported to the Secratary
General in article Mo. V. la ozactly an "enan-
plained UFO Articla" from article to. V.
The anclosure No. I clearty shores, that Mons
articles were not proposed in the original issues
the
"Treaty Draft' by the United
Statas Filed 2e
houre before, - while the USSR filed 20 daya after
my Space Sacurity Pact proposal, which had basn
filed and incued to all the Ul Pliesions on dune 27,
1966. See the enclosed fatter to the Parm. Mission
ol Italy to the UN. PEnclosura No. 21 (Enclosures
No's 2 and 3 ars not includad as ma have dealt al
length with these Home in provious issues of UFO
CONTACT - Ed.)
in the anclosure lo. & you will find the constitut.
fonal build up for the interconlinental UFO Observer
& Analytic Network The Prees Releasa for which,
dared Jenuary 11, 1967, was usually piteced as ...
"not in the public interest".
In apile of all thia, there has boan an increase el
UFO appasiances in the past yaur and a proving
impatience on the part of the public with the goy.
eriments' policies in this ragard. Wo are convincad
no more than aver thet this propossl to accept
information from world famous authorities mill mat
with the wholehearted approval of the United Nationa.
For the first time pemaps, an apporturity arl is
afforded to study first hand the voluminous evidence
that has heretofore bron suppressed.
li is a special honor for us ta anxiet the linitad
Nations through our continental representation in the
UFO problem.
Wa arg amaiting your information regarding
proposal In bahall of our continental represantat-
tras, : retain
very respectlully gours
signature
Colman VonKericeky
* anclosures:
ICUFON ENCLOSURE NO. 1.
The Intercontinental UFO Obeerner and Aralytic
Nolvori proposes to invita, to the Outer Space
Conference, ISept, 1967, Viennal the following:
A SCIENTISTS.
Prol. Dr. Hermann Oberth intometionally accitimad
rocket scientist, UFO researcher. GERMANY.
Prof: Dr. Gabrial Alrial diractor of Cosmic Rediation
Inslitule, Sentiago. CHILE.
Prof. Dr. Alazendor Marantzer Soviet radio matroer
omer and archeologist USSR.
Prol. Dr. Cart sagar noted astrononsor and astro
physicist, member of NASA.
USA.
Froi. Dr. Mitroven Everer radio asironomer. USSR.
Soprasantative of Colorado Univaraity, UFO rosserch
project USA
B. SCIENTIFIC RESEARCHERS
Knut Mammerskialo
general director of the Interni
Air Transport Association CANADA.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 738, "chars": 4728, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
225
Prof. Dr. Allen I. Mynak
astronomer, uFo;
alor since 20 years al Air Fones..
USA
Donald E. Keyhoe
Us major ret, pioneer UFO nee-
earcher, founder of NICAP. USA.
Jacques
Vellas
mathematician and astronomer of
Northwealem University, Mars Map Project USA
E PIONEER UFO RESEARCHEAS IN OLOBAL
COVERAGE
Aroline mooreni glaran roamnich analyst, editor at
"Clypous",
SOUTH EUROPE £ ASIA MINOR.
DT.
Walter
Bihier resoaret
antalys!
avestigator,
Prez. of Brazilian UFO Rox. Ora. SOUTH AME.
RICA & ANTARCTIC
Ronals Cassett
asitor of "UFO CONTACT', inter-
national research analyst.
NORTH ErRORE
Es Lorrand G. Crease
ten technical analyst and
tachnical wrier. British interplanetary Society.
Coral E Lorensen foundar al tha APRO lAgsint
Prenomena Rescereh Organization. NORTH
AMERICA AND ARCTIC,
depanera dilot UFO expert
photogi: end anairel Prax, of Cormic Brothertood
даБ:
FAR EAST - ASIA
Eng. Aime Michel French mathematician, eciantilic
reseeicher, moste writer.
M: EAST, EUROPE.
Mars E. Palersen Danish Air Force major, rosaer.
cher, en-editor al "UFO CONTACT bi-monthly.
MIDDLE EUROPE.
Eugar six ecsonitic mstench anenst AFRICA.
Erinalty La Prer Trotsh.
pioneer Brilish rezearcher,
chaiman of the Inter! Sky Scouts.
FAR EAST-
CLEANIA,
Kart L. Veet
Pres. sl DUIST, noted European UFO
antial eriter publisher and aditor of "UFO Hack
nichten's
EUROPE
D.
DOCUMENTATION.
Globally collected documontation should be exhib
ited and caried aut by
thes
miarcontinenil UFO
Obrenar and Analytic Metrork - classified in three
1. Tha UFO Evidenca. 2 The Space Ships.
A The Planatortens
A Soviet contribution
IT IS RARE IMDEED that we med or hear of the
Russian vow on "Firing Saucere", sithouph, in the
fitties they were raiared to as en arample en Are
ricen "aa peychosin". Homerer, In thia jacue of UFO
CONTACT, you can read an eccount of recent Soviet
"Soviet Radar
soon UFOL
Hare, baton, is bring you a Ruasian miter's scen
sent of nis research into the probleme and
mysteries
extratarestral misitations.
Condensed
"Me
suthe 1 ne
stors"
"On
from
tand
and
sea" - we can ane how the writer has followed many
if she same tinancs ol Biblical and pro- Hisiory es
uto contact
hara a mumbar al his Weslamn conlempore....
author has spent 30 years collecting erideru..
beck up tir thesis that intalligent beinge from outer
BRACE
hare hed contact with ous Eurth. He has
mition to books, "Coumic Reminiscances in Wrillon
Helice of the fasl", and "The Enolution of the Unir-
enco and intelligont fleinge."
With actionedgements so the "SPUTNIK" month-
ly digest dan 10E7, me prason the article la tro
parte. Mare is Part One, of -
Visitors from outer space
by
Vynchezinv Lairay.
Expanding innedge ador in irren ivany
meana more puzzier than discoveries. da man un
ravuis such now myalory, he lo azraled by trash
doubte ant forients, tor ho tiar caught e glimpra
et another systery tring
shed for the
eastorer =
in any lield - it i probably this yot undiscovered
territory rogusty suen in the distance bat sparta stra
search for knoledge.
A report by a Chinent archesalogist startled to
ward when it mas published in Ta for to had out
of old bit of knowledge piscod logether an amazing
tsary of apoca-atips at a minit to the auth 12,000
pasTe ago. The German eagezina,
"One Yegetariache
Universum", anote of his research:
"For a quarter of a cantury escharologista dexplor-
ing cares in the Bayen Kera-Ule Mountaine, em the
border of Chine and Tibiet, have teen finding ali-
topking sione diect covered with unnendable petterra
and hieroglyphs. A total of 716 euch diecs hame besn
discovered, apparently dating back
several
"Like a premophone record, much dise ter a hole
in its centre from which a double grosie epirale ite
any to the circumfarance.
The
Drouter
sound tracks, but the oddert mriting in
Chine
indead the rast of the morld."
Archasologisia and dacipherers of ancient sinitieg
racked their brems trying lo aolon the secret of the
spirals. The mault of the research by the Chirpen
archazoogist vies so shattering that the Paring Ace
demy of Pre-Hiatory banned publication of his work
Eventually
persiasion wes obfained and the prof.
ansor and his four collagues publiches their poll.
affort
intriguing
"'Groove
Writing Relatino to Spaceship which, en Recordad
on sto Disca, Existed 12,000 Yours Apo."
The cares high up in the Bayan Kera-Uie Moun
tie are inabites by the fisan end Draco enta
hail stunled men ereroine four feet tos inches
mosphi. Do far tay have dated ethnic clersification.
in fact, any detailad information about the bites de
When deciphared, one of the hieroolphe presum.
ably sit down by an ancient member of the Mar
tribe read: "The Cropas came down from the cloude
in their glider. Our men, woman and childran tud to

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 890, "chars": 5443, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
rry, montact
the caven ten times before the sunrise When et ast
they understood the sign
language
of the
Dropes,
they roslized that the rowcomers had peaceful intr
antions..""
Another Ham hieroglych expreszes regret over tra
lose of the tribe's own spaceships during e denget-
ous landing in
high mountains, and
the
failura to
build nor angs.
te thes
opinion of Chinese archasolopiste.
the
Bayan-Kara-Via Metoplyphs are to myzterious
that
their
interpretation and uss for scientific research
inquire tre utmost carg.
To
obtain further
diformation,
the
dists were
scraped free of adhering rock particles and sent to
Moscon for study. Scientists thare made two import-
amt discoveriaz.
diece
mare found to contain a
farge amount of cobalt and other metals - e shaking
discovery,
Furtier
inrestigation
pavealed that
the
disco vibrate in an unueual rhythm, as If they carried
in electric charge or were part of an electric circurt:
Thre
12,000 peer-old disce
parain a chaliange to
science.
Legends of ancient China say that small, gaunt,
nellow-faced man came down from the clouds.
But
sarthly tribesmen felt a revulaion for tha visitors,
whose enormous hands and estremely thin,
odies made them took ugly, and "some people en
ast horses" bast thom.
Reality seema to confim the degenda, in noise of
he Beyan-Kara-Ula cavos archegologists and spal-
alopizis have fourd 12,000 year-ald
vestiges
raves and skeletons. The remains balong to human
cings with huge eraniums and underdeveloped shet-
tons. The Chinese
erpeditions
shich
discovered
grounds reported they hed found "en
extinct
¡ecies of apo." But so far as is known apes do not
ry sach other in pranes or wiite hieroglyphic Bym-
ale on stone dists.
What makes the issue doubly involved in that the
nar malls of the cares ace corered in many places
th picturas of the rising sun, the moon, and the
art, spaced by « multitude of pun-sized dots (poss-
tiny pictures) which seem to be approaching the
ith in a mountain aren
LESTIAL EGGS.
"aruvian lagend has it that the ancient inhabitants
Peru were bom from bronze, gold and silver sops
ich had fallen from hosven.
The taie is cited but
I mithout comment in Jean Elises Raclus' fonouz
127
the
ega legend to featurad in
tha
out Tessili frozcoes, which maro found in the
it of thie Sahart by i Franch tiputerant memed
mand. Shortly alterwards the place was examined
* Franch espedition led by Henri Lotte, who ller
le The Search for
the Frescoes of Tassili. An
ition lo pictures of animals and hunting scanes,
tesscoes depict strange figures dressed in what
o fka specesvita and spherical helmets.
The
nois are dafinitely attached to the suite,
which
to no associations with rituri harddress or hunt-
ing gear. Nor is there any association with the ta..
and who, ax some scholars assume, uned ostrich egg.
shells for talmets. Lotle called the enigmatie figures
Martians.
Describing the anciani drawings en the cave walls
the french explorer says that one of them depiete
"a man appassing from an agg-shiped object com.
arad with concentric circles. The object resembles
en aga. or possibly e snail."
So the Paruvian legend and the Tassili Frescoes
teem to have much in common. But the parallel done
mal and there At a later dale, in yat another part of
the world, the same subject wes frealad by ancient
Greek sculptors, cerlain of whom portrayed Castor
and Pollus of Dioscuria, as well as Helen and Name.
sia, with romants of egg-stella on thair heads, for
according to Greek mythology thay erose from
celestini 0998.
How did the odd idas of man't birth from en agg
take shape? Perhaps by analogy with birds or fish?
But why falling from the eky? One Latin American
lagand says.
that eggs dropped down from the sky
en dandelions! The
abrance of any axisting tater-
pratation of this art leaves the door open for what
must enem a fantastie assumption: that the legend
of the celestial apos, like any other myth or legend.
could here originalad from boratida impressions el
an actuai event. An encient man may once have seen
a container with a human baing in it descand from
the sky, and imagined thai the visitor ares emerging
from a celestia ena.
"VISITING CARDS'" OF SPACE TRAVELLERS.
During excarations
at different timer in
depen
archapologiels found figurinas (dogu) depicting e
kind of human or anthropoid in odd-looking
"space
suits" and with helmete wholly covering their heads
On the helmets mare visible marks of somathing fiko
elit-type glasses.
breath-lifters,
antennas, fearing
vide and even nightsight davices.
Reviewing the isiest Soviet speco echieramants,
the German magazine Freie Wall in issue No. 12,
1966, prinied a selection of rock drawings and phot-
opraphs of dogu under the humoroue title.
"Visiting
Carda?", declaring thal such drawings and figurines
night be construed as prool that the Earth was ance
visited by space beings.
Many similar rock pictures have been discovered
throughout the world. There are pictures of space-
inani on cave mulls in the Val Comonique, the Swias
Alps
in Australia, clots to fargans and meer the
eity of Navoi, in Soviet Contral Asia.
Puzzles that may here startad with a apace visit
are contained in ingends exi mythe. ispends of Aut
stralia, the Near East, South and Central Amarice
and the Far Fast all tall of the descant of pode from
the sky. They offer food for thought.
THE STAR OF BETHLEHEM.
To phrase "Star of Bethishan" is tonity car
ins old. Some regard it an a produet el at

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 878, "chars": 5319, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
128
iu contact
fantary.
pothers think that
milially # 1
mithout en angelo tala he bolda an wnai
manning Too centurias ago the mystery
the German estronomer,
doban Kepler,
achite
column" and bois behind him as it masch
mate
Night of his fellon spaceman Sitting in the space
recently scientists tald en interational symposium
ship following is another man, who eleo han nothing
*o discust the matter.
But
in consTon
mith the traditional angel and alto des
maithor Kepler nos coniemporary acientisin
ond band on the seanial.
found the kay to the problem, which may tum out to
Bosh ships tara stresminad todies Cherty visiblo
here in attogetir unaxpecteo solution.
jeta in their wake
accontunte the
imprescion ef
in antiquity and the Middle Ages human imaginal-
apand 'The sainte in the lying machines ara l tre
son and atirred py an anusual star, nos believad to
be the Star of Bethiebom. The star was alleond so
position of pilota", cay the magazine.
be able to mord and stop.
Angels watching the Right coset their eyer and
From that let us tum to the Christian Apocrypha.
asrr with their hands and soom to be backing sway
posts Danter by Grurch cancorenp from survicer
for tear of being blinded el dealened Balor, tro
and religious teading The spacroha tallecto men'a
groupe are picturas, every foco portraying surprina,
morte 1o gxpieis de most drematic mysterres pr fira.
tear, er perplerity The contral figura reprazonto the
There books cometimes etand in direct contradiction
cruchis Chriat
ot Church-apprivad teste.
The isaaco depictino the Resumection el Christ
A lamiliar one about early Christianily in calted
tooka just es odd. Tio Messian tooks es I ho in in s
"'The Tela About the Thres Magi"' The original wan
rocket which hex not gat begun to more esplzina
ion muel here bean written in latim iri
the picoto
Tugoslar magezina, Indend the ranicio foste
of the third canlury st the arriest, and tetor trans-
mary much like e enece nocket, mith a toro-wing atas-
bated into meny languages A I5th-contury Byelo-
fizer in its upper part With his right hand Christ te
nascien terelation made sivo conturies bafora the
treina to
lin abrard the ship one of the peopla
space ere contains a highly inuaval interpratation al
atending on the ground bator sterting on his -my
ate tele. The star, it says,
pas watchod by estron
emert (this is the actual sord uxed) in many Oriental
ip the hearanty kingdom.
Monte at Dechany, to abom exporte tumad tor an
countos. Once i apperrad el ninhl ano "hi no the
esplanation, rsplied fil apparenily the drawinga al
atois of the aty as the eun does." Then the star : "ahipa" are picturas
af the san and the
Adorot.
hung over mount Vans for e whole dar, siter atich
According
$0
Negr
Testament lopend, Chriel was
I shantos on ts mountain lis an ssgta..
seilias during e soler eclipes. Sut sty the
Tha text contains e inference to "certain books"
is depiciad rising in the mast the monts could nos
churches If had wings, the kind on eagle bar, and
mary long reyn", which sont it moring in a cincla
aten it descended upon Mount Vans.
This morsion of the old elory unespertedly introd.
acas a ner ape and a new ider, both sharply at
varame with te church lexia. virthout question, tha
apocrypnal marion in fantastia. But it ta bardly more
fantastic than the approved canonic mareion.
What
anas if the basia of the auttior's tentary? That, too.
is shroudad in myster.
ANGELS IN FLYING MACHINES,
The Dechany
Monastery in Kororskays Messhia,
southom rugosiavi, mas britt in the firat hall of the
lith century and by 1330 contained numerus freto-
Des on subjecis trom the Old and Nem Tartamente.
in the spring of 1864 more frescoes more found in
the morastory.
The Yugeriar magezing Stet publin.
dod photographs entillad: "Spaceshipa on the Doc-
fiany Crucilin, Sputniks in our Irescoes Coult anci
ant icon painters hora dopicted spacertipe in Dec-
hany!" # did not take a joumaliais imagination to
tint op lites the thess achany tascoes sctually
despiet angels liying in aproeshipn like the present
apertrike.
Tao ships are shown flying one after tha othier
from west to seet fitting in the tand ship e a men
One of the papers on the Dechany miracle
refere
to a hypothern saying that Chriet wis e man sho
came
down to Earth
from space.
That
#9808315
commenta that such ideas are "averbold", that the
hypothesis, il confirmad,
"arould basically aller the
Biblical atory about Christ", The frescoes, it is noted,
showing objecta obvinurly renembling sputnika,
de layman end spacializi alite.
*bail-
The Dochany "Miracio" te
sol anique. An icon in
the Church Archaeology Study of the Moncon Theon
fogical Academy, called The
Christ and deting
back to the 17th century, short
Christ Sn
e atraemliner container which
resembles.
apatoship atending on the ground.
Smoke billowt
from both sider of the cortainar'*
tomar part ermatoping the toar of the angels mto
watch from the sidelines Ivet an em the Dashany
desco, Christ's right tand tifta a avin (the
chanch
renaion identilien bim with Adam): Eve waite for her
fuin am the ottor side.
The icion is sundly of an apocryphel natura Mosts
canonical vem oi canais resumention and ascena.
ion.
but it thane it, mathing in tonown about A Post-
dieappeared wish te. Or persos the manuecriat
ariete
endiscoversd, in which case it siny home
apreoctes.

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 272, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ala contact
129
•E
Freaco in the Dectany Monastery (Yugoslavia). The
angela look as I they were flying in apacecratt.
The icon, "The Resurrection of our Lord Jesus
Christ". (17th century) from the Moscow Theological
Academy. "The House of the Lord" resombles a
epece ship

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 594, "chars": 3596, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
130
Science.
Science and God
DR. WERNHER VON BRAUN.
"ll is one of the tragedies of our time that acience
and religion have become
adversariss".
Baya
Dr.
Warnier von Braum, who is one of the world's laa-
ding space-researchers, head of the Gaorge C. blar-
ahall Speco-trenal Contre in
Alabama,
Dest
of the
brains behind the Gemini Project end the US.A.'e
project for the firal manned moon rocket, to do sant
so in 1865.
THE TWO STRONGEST FORCES which go to
create our present-day civilisation are scienco and
religion. Through science Man seaks to team nore
of the mysteries
of
Creation.
Through religion ho
sanks to endaretend the Crestor.
They are not independent of each other. It is jual
in dillicult for ma
lo undersiand a sciential who
cannot percaiva & Higher Reality behind the origin
of the Univarea, as it is to undersland a theologian
anto denies the advancos made by scienco Science
and raligion are far from being independent of each
other, neither are they opposing forces; on the cont-
vary they are as brothers. Both ane etriving for a
belter world. While science seeks to uncover the
forces of Nature around us, religion is trying lo
discover the torces in Man himseit.
As me pradually gain a gradler dromedge of mat-
ere so we become more impressed and humbled by
its orderliness and pover-failing parfaction. Our ex-
fensive knowledge of the Univerge and its laws has
asade it possible for us to send people out from
their esturel aurroundings inio unknown space and
tring them wately back to enith again.
to contect
ENDLESSNESS OF THE UNIVERSE
Manned apace-flights are pioneer works. Bui umil
now they have only
begun to apan the coas put
found the endiotiners of the liniversa.
That which we can ene of the mysteries of the
Universe through the crack in that door only cor
fime our beliet in its Creator. Mankind
with He
limited understanding cannot comprehend en omni
present, almighty, all-knowing and elemal God.
Every attempt lo creste a picture of God and rad-
nice Him so that tre
can be compratianced aftere
out further proot ol His Greatnegs, I baliova it bar
I one, through Faith, eccepta God as a proof of
Goodwill, which throughout history manifeste Haal!
more and more as the ability ol Mankind lo under.
stand, groma.
Il gives peace of mind to think of God as the
Father of all, and the resultant thought, that all men
aire brolhara, is an ethical guide-line.
Scientiste only know that in nature nothina is daz-
troyed wilhoul being converted into energy. Not uran
the tiniest particle can diseppear without leaving a
since. Mature krons nothing of annihilation, arily
change. Would God have had lee consideration foi
His Masterpiace, the Human soul?
For ma immortality maans a continuation of our
spiritual existence stier death.
Mankind has
had a baliet in a life witer death
since the dawn of bislory. This has been as easentia!
bart of the primitivo cullures religions and it has
bear preserved in mighes developed religiora dro
philosophies.
The significance of this is of far more Importance
than the pronouncemants of philosophers and theo
logians about whal us can axpect when sa lanva
this world, From the dawn of time the concaption of
immortality has siao its intimarco Q MALE BOIION
of people.
THE SOUL DIVIDES MANKIND FROM
OTHER CREATIONS.
The soul separates Man from the animal. An
simate actions are dictaied by ne inbor enpulast
in sunger, tour and sail-presarration. Thats in
ESD
G
UFO CONTACT WISHES TO OFFER ITS DEEPEST SYMPATHY TO
THE FAMILY OF A BRAVE SOVIET PIONEER -
COSMONAUT VLADIMIR KOMAROV
WHO DIED ON A SPACE VENTURE, APRIL 24th 1967.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 944, "chars": 5524, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
pulses come from the animal's glands and
ions ere molly automatic.
The make-up of an animal
allons no room for freedom al choice,
searching
curiosity or doubt of confliet belween impulses and
ethical standards.
An animal knows nothing of thal strange voice
called conscience,
which telle us what is right and
amial is trong.
Only Mankind is equipped with the
conflicts which arise, because it in created in God's
these conflicts.
Today, thousands of scientists are at work an the
most momentous task Mankind has aver faced: ar
attempt to understand a physical Universe which is
mending in time and space, complicated in its detail
and impressive in its orderliness, and to undersiand
its origin and how it funcliona.
it is no longer a sufficient explanation of the aims
of science lo say that it socks to find the physical
lame which gover the Universe and increnses Man-
kind's control ovar it, because science'e fisld of
endeavour has incrensad in size. The basic elamenta
or scionte are collective experiences,
obrarvations
and the setting of cariain gouis at which to mim.
From these
the scientist tries to mate a model of
time, proportions and cause. When one gains new
knomledgo the old model in mol rajoctad, it in just
altered whore the now knowledge pointe lo an altar.
ation.
By raason of the fact that the scientist is willing
to witer his model of the Universe, he shows that
he dost not demand to know
the final truth.
His
scientific lems aro at most only re-writings of the
obsarvations ha has made.
The laws of science do nol control the reality but
attempts only to explain il Therefore the laws
can
on allerati when ang attains new knowledge.
NEW AIMS.
The tasks which acierice sels ilself are never-end.
ing for truth is no slatic concept. For every
enever artes at, a dozen now concepto come into
science stands before now frontiare in many fields
al snideavour: ina nucleus of the slom becomes mora
and more anigmatic. the origin and composition of
mo Universe is still shrouded in mystery - the inner
functione
of living organieme still allow of no ex..
planation. Science's Goldon Age lies ahead of us.
The scientist works in an almosphere where doubt
is en accepled fact of life and exaggerated ortho-
dory taboo.
Thomas Musiay says of the scientist:
"For him ecepticism is a firal duly and blind faith
an unforgivable sin". A result of scientific progrese
is that traditions, which are the buttresses of faith,
ware been swept aside. The sciences end raligion
nave therefore often collided. And yat it is one el
he tragedies of our time
that aciance and heligion
lars becomo adversarias. Because do achiere a sol-
ition of the confliet it has been tempting to adopt &
molicy of perceful coquisiónca, to divide our ex-
ato contact
131
periences inio too different ereas, lo give.
control over the one and raligion control over the
othor.
Let acience explore the physical world, shilet
religion takes care of the other, people esy. When
science has reachad its limita, then religion can taka
ovar and explain that which allowe of no explanation.
This is a fateful step to lake. To soperate this tro
words couid only be done it acientista mera not
Christians and no Christians were scientiste. But
ecience and religion do tot isign ovar tro esparalo
kingdoma.
INVISIBLE
Il is not possible to build a mall between religion
and science. Gradually, as science is enabled to ax-
plain come of the mysteries of the Universe il comes
into areas which were previously unknown or only
eccepted on a basis of faith.
Every new experience - physical or apiritual - must
fit into a petter which gives both faith and mean.
ing. It is Mankind that esplores the Universe, asper.
iments, and snaks for the truth, It is not just a catail,
It takes part itsalf in the procese of croation. Alar
kind itself is the greatest result of the Creation.
The fact that more and more of the monders of
Creation are being disclosed in of direct concam to
Mankind.
Science and religion can bo
coraparad mit faro
windows in a house, through which we can observe
the world around us or our neighbours. There are
other windows to be found in the house: Art, Lite.
rature and History). Whatever we may see through
the windows of this imaginary house, it must fit in
with the model we have of the Univarse and our
place in it.
Where it does set fit, us must alter the model,
alter our aim and try to incrense our ability to archer.
#land the Creation.
In our moder sociaty it would appear that many
paople shink that the advances made by acience
have caused aucti things as religious belief to be.
come out-of-place and old-fashioned. Thay cannot
understand why we should "believe" in something.
when science can tell us that we "know" so much.
The simple answer to this assertion is that we are
amare of more of returos mysteries
today than
people were before the advent of scientific research.
There is absolulely no reason to believe that God
cannot retain His place in our modem times in te
same way as before ma began lo ozamine His Crad-
tor with telescope and ini-accelarators.
Even though ecience is no religion, it in, by nature
of its assumptions, its application and is search for
the truth, a religious function. The Creator ravenis
Mimself through His Crestiont, As Charles A Coul
con days:
"Scienco helps us lo create e picture ol
God". We must remember that science only axiste
because there are poople, and its concepts exist
only in people's underalending. Behind lase can-
cepts lies neality, mich God cen reveal to us.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 753, "chars": 4602, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
122
LIFE'S GIFTS.
East of us ressives life's gilta on Earit. A beliet
in • continues spiritual lie after the comparitinei
short time ol 70 years of physical lite bore on Earth,
compared with the andless cycle of asemity, maker
the actions of the moment ar invasiment with far..
maching consenuencaN.
The cartainty that Man can choose batmpen good
and evil alouis sad him soarer to tis Cosatur Fur
ther, it should lead to an understanding that Man't
life here and later, is more likely lo dopend an his
mation to the spintuat than to the scientilic.
Our dacisions now mill unavoidably determine fut
ure actions: Halure around un mill hold more unsoli-
ed then solved mysteries. But acience her won itsel!
sutficient power so that it can open up • Golden
Ago for Marikind, proriding thie porest la unad for
good « or deetray if i the power i used regativaly.
Religion's ethical puide finer are the bonde that
can hold ciritsation fogeiher. Wilhout it Man cannot
mach is dearest pout - pence with himsell, his God
From: "tyliands-Poster", Denmart.
Loc 11th 1966.
Credit: HGAP DENMARK
Trastlation: RONALD CASWELL
UFO-reports
Soviet radar spots UFOs
MOSCOW - (AP) - A Sovial scientist says there
may really be auch things des fiying seucers tram
Soviet
radar screens fare detacied unidentifind
tying abiecte (NFDA) for 20 peara, he says.
But Soviet scientisis, like their colleaques in the
Wait, are still puzzind about what such UFOe really
The ecientist, identitied only en F. Zipel, mas writ
ing in thie
fatus of the Mustrated Soviet
mouth megsine Corene.
He offered fire possible explanations for UFO,
including meitore from outer spass He called this
aliensitive
"estremaly speculalive"
"But" ho added,
tas the uFO problem her not
pet been solved, different explanations,
extremos, are posrible."
The article look the lid alf e cubject rarely disc..
eased in the prese harie.
In tis TAN dis sorist prest scored at American
reputa el Arina saucers da just an much coto qui
propaganda.
By thare Soviet accounts, the Americans tried to
satret Boyiel weapon.
me coract
Reports
Union,
of lying saucar sinhted in the Soviet
this
Cancerus and
in Contral Asia also
ware ridicuied tara.
Then for coveral yeare the Sorial pross norain
silent on tha whole quartion, the Crane ericia *hor.
ad that the UFO insut in being reoperind.
thin time
=s an object of perious scientific aludy.
Ligal mes identitiad as one of the
editory el a
"Inhabited Cosmos, suing prepared lor puai-
calion here The book will dircusr the pozaibility of
living beings i spaco end alforte to commonicate
with them,
The chief aditor of the book le B. P. Konelantinow,
unia, ee a rice presidant pi the Sorial Acadeny of
Science, i one el this country's moet maxpacted
aciontints.
tr
hit
antonzine articla, Zigel said tur "Annal
Echo," a UFO daleciad by radar, in constently abs.
arred by scientiets at the Cantal Aerological Oba
fimilar oberationa, to sato, torna ban made to
ma Matsu
Stalas, Australia, dadia and dapan.
"The phenomena of the UFO loday should be con
siderad as glabel," te added.
He riacied the idea that birda, insects or plant
soads could censo such rosctiona on radar seroans
Zonal said tsare could to no doubt shar LIFOr
exist "but the nature of theso objecte la still not
understandable loday"
Then he lased urere fira postible asplanations:
1. NONSENSE or avertion.
He said than was
some untruth here,
citing
reports of people to
claimed to here ridden in flying saucers and oftera
aho theow hals in the air and then photographed
"seucord", Mut in rajected this alternatire se killing
the question rather then solving it
2. AN OPTICAL illuaion natated to the distribution
or caht in she parth's esmosphere, such an e rain-
bow The UFO, he said, i pore complicates
Hear
that, Hongner.
* A HEW SECRET flying apparatan el one of the
military power on earth
"No one tolde stir sir
" to said.
4 AN UNKNOWN phenomena of nature, jai st
rationttivity mies unknown untif the and of the last
century, In this context, ionized pericles and charged
panicles of dusi ta che simosprore mire omen is e
possible explanation. But Zigei said, this does mol..
explain the color as maneuverability of UFON or trais
appearance in good aesther,
E. SPACESHIPS from en advance citiantion en
another pianet. Zipal said the sport of UFOr supp-
one this theory. so does what he called "the fact
that no UFOs wars over reliably reported to ture
tanand.
Zipal called for "an eil gided, torough, scientific
exploration" to clear up the origin al UFOx once
and for all.
From: Too sland Nows, Mad Ail 1st, 1057.
Credit: Mis. dare Mctroy, Florida, USA

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 784, "chars": 4750, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ite grantact
183
*MANY
TIMES I HAVE SEEN FLYING
Pitis
OLLOWING
AND
"OVERTAKING MISSILES
IN
LIGHT AT THE EXPERIMENTAL BASE AT WHITE
ANOS,
NEW MEXICO, WHERE, AS IS KNOWN,
HE FIRST AMERICAN ATOM BOMB WAS TRIED
DUT.*
COLONEL MACLAUGHLIN.
Missile axpert.
(Statement in TP49.)
29 sight UFO's over White
iands Range
by Correne Guy
lamogordo, N.M. - At Last 28 While Sande Minnie
ange personnel were erositnestes to one or more
nidentitied Flying Objecis batmean 1030 and 11
F7.
Thursday:
concerning the UFOn has Damn cutolt by
- dare from the Pentagon.
All corvice personnel and civilians working for the
vices tara bear forbidden to discuse the siptl-.
gr.
An investigation in under way at Holtoman Air
arce Sase,
NM.
with Mai. James
Staphant,
UFO
licer, in charpo. Ha, too, is not allomad to discusa
a agitings
Terry
Clark,
prasident
and
general manager af
tie station MALG, Alamogondo, said the UFOs frat
ire spotted near fuidosa,
N.M,
then
want meer
Woman AFB. then south toward Crogrande, NM...
id than disappezrad over ths
Sacramento
H27Д:
information atticare et Holloman AFE and WSMR
re contacted by Clark and ho was told she Flight
ilery Office et Kirtland AFB at Albuquerque, NM.
"uid handle the investipation. Kirtiant would mete
comment asept that all inforsation would hare to
pe from the fantagon.
clara cellad the airspreo number at the Pantagon
! was told thal no intormation mas availablo.
Capt Frant 1. Atorris director of information at
Homan AFD, Saturday night said that Maj. Sigo..
ins is handling it
arrestigation. Ma said the re.
is mould be sont to Might Fatterson AFD, Ohio,
i trom there would go to the Pentagon He said
adormation culd be pleases except through the
dic information Oilice under the Sacralary at los
• Force.
Hither WSMR sor Holloman AFf personnel tar
o authority in the cane.
Sark said artwitnesses, onton they could to ident.
i, sort met sipt ust ol thair nomes tocause
the Air Force regulation,
Tomerer, there witnasses extimated that the "sily.
are living al an attitude of 20,000 to
J0D fool" and moring
at a spred of tapprenimal
2,000 miter pet hout."
here mana several dir Force planes in tha sir
* WSMR al the time of the eightinga. While i
took * fom minutes do tanafer from Army to
Force
communicelians the pilots eare motifisd
of
the UFOR
They circied around, but rome st the
pilola exe ebie to seo enything smunuai.
Missile firings at WSMR ware chocked. Thare ware
nore at this time. There was little cloud corer during
the hall hour inrohed and, at this time of day t
would te imprecisio to son a mintour. The objecto
mere moving much fanier than a belin.
One WSMR individual asid the UFOs were tracked
ari sador.
Thare i no securale estimate of the
number el bojecte apolted. There may hang baan
one + stay here bear mare.
There is no indication
when the Partagon will
reloate any information on the eighlings - it aver.
From The El Paso Times, El Paro, Toss.
Sunday, March Bth. 1857,
COMMENT: We understand trom air pauce of te
formation that this naus item appeared enly in Er-
Paro Texao toquirios showed tar it Air Force
had slopped the incident bains sported it than
national notipapere. To quate the store nave report:
"There in so indication sitions ches
Fantagon will
meience any information on tie sightings " i dner."
UNQUOTE
And so, the goer on ..
UFO's over British Columbla
On April 14th, 1867, at about 8.00 pm, ten Squire
and scott Mohail (mo boy aged about i4) mare
on their cycies going along Coder Hill Crossroads,
Virginia, B G. They crossed oxer Caddara Bay Road
inte
Upper Terrace
Road (Uplende
·#‡₺∞nİ»†
district, and proceedad doom into Ripon Road is
fair au the Circle
From thore, they saw s red and e
greer fight homering.
over what they.
thought tons
probably the eras of the Uplands Golf Clubhouse
on Cadbare Any Road. Thay mere on their way down
to me fachi Club, and don't stop to inauligate,
fiomerer:
The tro
lights were nol blinking end
seemed elationary (but il musi be remembered that
on their cycles, they mere mowing.
which prevented
tair being certein about this last point).
The sky
was dark and esarry: there was hardly eny wind al
Al s.10 pm the sume evening, ie. tina or ein min-
utes later, lan Squire's grandmother dame withneld
al witnert request) was driving
uphill along Cad.
boro Bey
Road southwards lowarde the morther
Bales into The Uplande district, sten euddenly ahe
higher than the height of a very tell tree The wit
nels, he is personally known to me through ter
daughter ano grendion, enfortunately bie not tion
do investigate inatond, ene continued on right soder.
teath
the
pjack atichi she
soread antirely over the widtt of the wide noadway.
The his cofored lights aramed to be shing only
formerds, and to be from & to & feet from the extrem-

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 839, "chars": 5139, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
134
no contact
Hies of the dark shape behind them. Then.
was •
tiny white light behind which did not seem to be att-
ached to the object in any way; but as the night was
vary cark, she admits that this could also hare been
e star. Tha colored lighte wara not blinking, and the
object seemed not to move, although she of courze
was moving towards it in her car. She dascribed tha
object (which, the admits, she sew very indistinctly
in the almost complale dariness).
as a black wing-
thing which made no noiso.
thought
Then she suddenly
"Surete it can't be a plane, this low.
Par-
haps il is a flying saucer", The size of the 2 colorad
lights was small, about the size of
ordinary ear
blinker lights. If the witness had stopped to investig.
els, this could hare been a most important eighting.
Unfortunatai, ate profered to continuo on her may,
and thus lost a greal opportunity.
Thursday April 131h around 8.15 p.m., Victoria's
Ponte suddeny dil dimmed for a couplo of seconds,
and at that
sen a coiored abiact streak menass the sky. Tha
Press triad to 'explain this dimming to lightning up
at Campbell River, some 200 milas away: this, how-
aver, arould seam unconvincing, in vien of the mum-
arous parl cases atore e certain type of UFO has
repeatedly causad tre
dimming,
and indeed the
blackout, of electric lights in widaly anagrated arses.
i is also malitinown to researchers that otter types
"i true do noi arieci miectricai insistiation: em fus
othar hand, it is possible that all UFO's may have
the ability to affect such installations, or to retrain
from doing so, at will.
Report from: P. M. H. Edwards, Victoria, 8.Cn
Canada.
Credit: Tommy Halmer,
Bromme, Stockholm, Sweden.
=#-
From: The Merican newspaper "EL HERALDO":
February 26th, 1967.
the a this photographa of flying
вПисеті
producao im
thest
article,
emich
unfortunately
cannot reproduce here.
However, hare are the capt-
ions to the photographs. -Ed.)
Nr. I. "This photograph of e atrange space object
war taxen by Dr. dose A Lanuza, prolessor af the
berborne in Marig and at the Autonomous Mationzi
University of Mexico.
shen he travelled aboard en
simpians of the Compania Mexicane de Aviación from
basico City lo Guadalajara" (- It will be rememb-
ared by some roaders that many times George Adair-
ai spake of a saucer bars in the inountains around.
Couscalajara. -Ed.)
Mr. 2.
"Dr. Lanura vas able to take this picture
above the Valley of Mexico. It shows in our sky the
prasance of another flying object it in of a circular
shape and has in its upper part a transparent dora.
The
ship seamed to be made of some
metal of
sluminium calor."
Nr. 8 "This UFO photo mes taken by Dr. Lenuza
at a distance of ebout 100 metres from the machine
and only a for metres above the surface of
RICO
Valley. Note et the bottom of the picture the power-
dines, which pive an idea of how low the saucar war.
Dr. Lanuza tas the negatives in his possession,
which hare been carefully examined by photo ex-
ports, uto atatad that no fako was innotred."
i#-
Also in "EL HERALDO".
Flying saucers are seen in clear daylight
They were observed near Monterides.
Monterides
(UPI) - Unidentified Flying Objects
mare obsarved in this capital in clear daylight, stated
the director of the Astronomical Observatory ANTA.
BES, duan Reyes Fables,
she succsaded in taking
21 color photos of said objects.
He added that from one saucer ware ajacted into
space some smaier objacts
of tha
fine
steps
whose colors varied from blue to violat. end orange.
According 10 Mr. Reyes and other witnesses' obs-
errations is was en oval UFO seen al a haight of
about & am to the North of the City It had an ind.
ented rim. One coull ane a dark dome with e dis-
tinctly white rim and one open porthole in the upper
part.
Finally Reyes said: "Je could be proved that it was
"mothersaucer",
giant
space-ship
which
ejected from fis interior siber fille ships that shoi
eway at a vertiginous speed".
The sighting wes made the day before yastenday
and lasted for one hour and 40 minules."
(We should remind readers that this sighting sens
made from an astronomical observatory, and that an
open portbole at a height of 8000 matres or 20,000
feat could wall be in vian with cartain types of
inlescopes. Whether it was in fact a porthole that
was open at that cold height and in that thin air
might to a point of conjecture perhaps, bul us ars
not reckoning with terrestrial aircratt heirs, of courze.
= Editor.)
Credit: Mrs. Maria Cristina de Ruade,
IGAP-MEXICO
Translation: Mrs. Dora Beuer, IGAP-AUSTRIA.
=*-
»Convincing« UFO pictures
SANTA ANA. - A Universily of Colorado profezsor
conducting a sludy of unidentified fiying objects says
that "Photographic avidence of UFOr, star avail-
able, is very convincing."
Robart d. Low, project co-ordinator at a Gorarn.
manl-sponsoned UFO atudy, is in Sente Are to study
a controversial 1965 UFO photo previously diecredit-
ed by the Air Force.
Low larmed the picture, leken by Rex Heflin of
Sante Are, es "emong the top four or five" items on
potograpnic avidence of UFOs.
Hellin,
County Highway Department, took his picture August
8, 1865, just off the Sants Ane frostsy.

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 666, "chars": 4118, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
eto contact
At that time the Air Force termed the Haflin Dict
The "Blusbook" report said Heflin't photo did not
arespond to his description of the round, saucer.
i= object.
But since then the Air Force tas commissioned
s independent study by the Uniersity of Colorado
: Boulder.
From: "San Francisco Chronicia'
Friday, March 10, 1867.
Credit: Theodore Gray Hullett, Sen Francisco,
California, U.S.A.
135
Literature
Two PCs spot a »saucers«
Two policemen saw an eval-shaped objoct flesh
the
exy yesterday.
The onicara baro ma
aucer-like object flew over Strood, Kent, at about
,000 feet - end had a tail of blue and silvery stars.
Later there was a similar report from Sevaroske.
Kant.)
Polico al Rochester enid: "The authorities have
mer told.'
From: "Daily Sketch", London, March 25th, 1967.
»The flying saucer that
Andrewsaw in Stamford Sky«
Andrew, the sight-year-ald kon of Mr. and Mire.
T. H. Hyde,
of 89 Scotgate, Stamford, claims to
nave soon a
"flying saucer over Stamford on Tues-
day: Aup: 2. He was in his back garden st the time,
and this is how he sketched and descroes what ba
68855:
*l eer this object in the sky twiez this moming
petaber about half-pasi tan and a quartar to alaren.
i was going mary quickly above the
clouds.
That
first time i saw it,
it sas travalling in • AW.
direction, and than about lan minutes later it came
back:
"it was then going in a 5. E. direction, and it
made no sound. the these was round, with black
circles looking like
ship's porl-holes
round the
middle. There were little things looking like landing
aheeis on the bottom.
"There was a cloud of yellow stull coming aut
of thee back and thare was a ring round the middle
of the object"
UNQLOTE.
From: A Stamiord paper, Linca. England.
August 1866.
A friend is a person ado krones all abou
got — and still pikes you
Elbert Hubbard
»Piece for a jig-saw«
By LEONARD @ CARMP, MSIA ARADS.
author of "Speca, Gravity and the
Flying Saucer."
Here la a book about "fiying saucors" which tan
do of immense interest to both the converted' sno
to the "open-minded", to the lay person looking
from
more comoboration to back up his balisis i
tree
reslity of visiting spaca-ships, and to the technically
minded man who may well be rather surprised at the
wealth of detail of a highly technical nature included
in this work.
Leonard Cramp,
who for many years hes worked
in both aerodynemich end, more recently, with the
now dasign principles of the Hovercraft, has succ-
andad in writing in bookunderstood, by ary person
of normal intelligence
who can read the English
languagis.
"Piece For A Jig-ten" does, in truth, offer a piece
- a very large piece - of that enigmatic jig-sem
puzzle which has undulated and returned along 1äü
degrees through head-lines of the world's press for
the past 20 years. Cramp himsell has worked on
material for this book for evar half that time. M is
12 yours eince he submitted to the
public
'Space.
Gravity and the Flying Saucer"; - this book in a
natural and aloveling follow-up.
Writter in a style which is as open and as lacking
in pomposity as the euthor himsall, ore finds a patt.
arn developing from euch chapter to the nart, es ho
tates us from his brief but concies "background
esterial" ef orthodos aerodynamics, eas
into si
high trajectory through the experimental X-15 and
this lamily of rockels, and into the
deep bius. Üna
it almost shocked to find with
what ease Cramp
brings us
down - not in a capsule supported by
great billowing perschules.
but genily landing in a
field, any fiald, roady for inatant take-off to a far-off
horaring mottar-ship
At least, the mother-ship is thare by implication.
because Mr. Cramp, as he says, having
"ear myself
the task of discorering the
truth as
an engineer".
arrives, after a volume full of investigation and es.
perimentation,
at the test chapter which is entitled:
"Vindication Ol A Scout Ship."
The last paragraph of the second from last chaplar
might well sum up a very large part of the UFO
story. It also sums up the author, a man to succ.
ended in forming a large group of UFO enthusiasts
from a very hard core of bachnology, man into kaor

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 747, "chars": 4776, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
135
ise principles
involved in weight-distri
surface manipulation, in export enginzers producing
the revolutionary Movercraft.
"Some of my readers will hort been way ahead
ix me in shose part essesamente ano no doubl sill
have anticipaled my next intention Yel ethere sil
to e trille impatient that the following correlation
ebould be made But I must stress, i try mery hard
not to be biasad scienco ia far
mote
interestino
falt as it is Thasefora 1 am sincera in my nest anali
yeis. I truet the ceader will be, too. I have purporoly
chosen the following litle for the evidence which 1
hope may help sted some truer light on
ante
may be a very maligned man."
UNQUOTE.
Yes, the "mary maligned mar" in Goorge Adamaki.
12 gosta 10o Leonaro G Cramp producad the
arthographie projection which showed how young
Stephen Darbishire "Coniston'" enucer, en photo.
araptiod, mes identical in abase and
proportion te
Adamakie classic
"acout-craft".
Toder, in tis book "Proce For A dig-sam", Mr.
Cremp produces atartiino evidenco of e highly-facti-
mical nature which shows hon, following elong puraly
anpineering principles de à result of analydes.
fundreds of reportad saucer-sightinga, wish accomp.
anying detail el manoeume end flight pattema.
arines at the idast form, in all respecta,
for a visil.
"raucer". The saucer he finally produces, efter
acore, is the Adameki aconterett.
in his concluding chapter, nor only dons the autar
queto detziz or engingerioo dela provided ty Adam.
aki in his controversial books.
but Mr.
Gramp con-.
fessor stal, until the time of aniling this fast chapter,
he han not yet rend completely Adamskia "'side
The Space Ships"! Realising pertapo certain rond-
tre ecepticiam about this beleted edmission,
Mr.
Cramp poes on le describe points outlined in that
book concerning
Adamski'#
#liespect
tript
thre
acout-cratt, whereby fix (Cramp'e) oon aciantillically
armad-al dela recaires startling corroboration!
"At thie sancture I can almost hesi many en Adam-
shi ecoptis breathing d sigh of incredulity, taroly.
«bla to barior thal ! shoula dare to include such
materia in « atri-lachnical mort of thir nature."
Unquela.
With many dotailed intemational sighting reports
analysed ecientilically, with
his own
pholographed
experiments showing the intensive study he har mede
al all aspecto of ""sucer" manoeumes and flight, and
accompenied by scores af finaly execulad tine-draw-
Leonard Crimp providen food for thought for
all those of an open mind.
Hor bissad or unbiased as me may aten, ta
meutt like to recommand to ethor biasar and ant
insad UFO researchere are of the best lying eucar
contributions since
"haide The Space Ships"/ That
to author is not biered can be minerand by the
ID paper of this book which tre and about George.
Ademiaki.
bin empresting the
hope thel certein UfOlogist.
ufo contact
ecaptice mill not now
catrain front su
reading this axcelient book, me mould like
#0
Jude with en arcerpt from the suraming up
mard G. Gramp himzell,
"Out of she confusion and the shadow surrounding
min most anigmatic af tlymo saucor contect aloriza,
amargas ora or tiro, but novarineions very important
facto.
(a) Adamski fype sucero ere nol sencommon
amono UFO reports.
(o) On purely engineering grounds the configural-
ion of the
"acout ship" offers the best alt
round compromise
which could embody tha
functiona required by the gravitational propul
sion theory.
(c) Ademakis description of traide i seucar te
pot inconsistont with the theory, on the cor.
Fry theory snome to support ao
(0)
Thun on there grounds alone ! for one fael.
inclined to acroat the firal part of hiz exper
danco as fact, end in me opinion any incone-
ilencien which eppost
in fia
claime ara insulficient to invalidate the praz
"ova concluziona."
"PIECE FOR A NG-SAW" - 27 eh 8 s.
SOMERTON PUBLISHING COMPANY,
COWES ISLE OF WIGHT.
Miscellaneous
Out of the clear, blue sky
by MAJOR H. C. PETERSEN.
WE ALL KNOW al account ol objecta mileh,
during the past couple of hundred yeais, hara Degri
reported an falling down from the ahy, - and, oftan
arougk, from s clear, cloudlesr sky
Scientista and othar esparte hars rought to g*-
plain such "ails"' as maleorites, meteora, or - nom
adays - ex somelhing in connection with flying, ato
mie festa or the liké..
In the book "Lo Matin des Magiciona", bry the
Franchmens, Louis Peumels and Jacquer Bergier, vol-
ume One gines reference to 40,000 notatione of falle
al such axiraordinary shinge.
Il in concam ourzalves soiary with tro proupa er
in en arde where Acience ana various ofher expert
sourcer are quila positive in their conclusione.
Meioris siones origínato from comeis ané planale.
antich have disintegratad, or from larger or amaller
asteroids, Tho ice cores from
airplares - either
formad outraidly o from the toitel

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 914, "chars": 5360, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Nto contact
(
There is no doubl that a greal number
the
meteoric falls
actually are remaine
of
"natural*
-biects in space. but not by any means all of them.
elo doubt siro, some of the fails of ice are from
aircraft de icing or breaking off by some other
means; the theory about ice from the toilels is very
doubtful, but even if me give this theory e certain
chance, then it etill explains only a very email part
of the total number of reported falls,
Until the Roctol-age'e attempts to explain condit-
ions in the space around ve began, • remartadie
attitude prevailed enthin certain scientitic circles in
regard to that Space.
Earth was the naval of the Cosmos, around which
and about which everything tured.
The moon and
the planets and the stars were hung in the sky for
Earth's sake, and betason ell the bodies outside of
Earth's atmosphere mas this great ampty Space, in
which mes to be found - absolutely nothing.
But the rockets told another story - they had been
out thore. We can say then, that now it is proven
that Space is sol empty. Among other things, dust
nat been repistarad. Ano it has bacome dusty mr the
pacy capaula when the capsule door tez flow.
137
i is proven aiso, tant ceriain chemica: reactions
can, in the courzo of e lam sacondo, form solid
maltar. (Einstein).
As all the planets are bor in the same Cosmos,
ira rosans to say that the same alaments er unite
which make up the "craation"
are to be found in
invitible form
this so-called empty Space.
"only" noods the right chemical reaction to take
alace for the whole lo take solid form and to build
up as planelz comets meleorites or ice - or for the!
matter, is many other things.
It le thorsfore quite plain to see thai science can,
and must, soon add a new chapter to that book about
the "factual" condilions in Space, which it is writing
at this time. In this "book" it will be stated that,
under cartain conditions, solid malter is formed
umpty Space « as wall as much aise - matier
can later fall onto this planet or others as "shooting.
stars" or as ice from an airplane's toilet:
And it will be enormously difficull, - yea, simon!
impossible, - to differentiate between what are ram-
zinE
of solid bodies.
such ss
planets, comnis ot
astonoids, and what is produced by some other
means. One might point to evidance ei beclaria, but
ins ¡ust mill no! do, because bacteria can be path-
ered up from anywhero in the Cosmos. For example,
our planet, just the
same as other planels, hes,
during its journey through spaca, trailed behind ital!
• long tail of dust and bacteris. This dust and these
bacteris eng
caught up at some time or another by
other heavenly bodies, in the zame manner that wa
collect dust and bacteria from other morids.
In fact, in need not go to all the arest amount of
trouble that so do, to sterilize the spaca-ships and
robes which ere to be sent up; - our bacteria has
long ben present on our sister planeta and trang
other planets,
long, long while living with us.
aust ag Meheir bacteris" he seC
Thus there exists greal unexplored rear of res
earch with which science can come to gripz and
lar from; and when, finally, these are explained,
the next natura! step will be to loan how one cal
come to live without being "infected" by bacteria.
We are on the may; but for a while yat one shall
be
"infacted" by bectara, and believe that tre can
"indect' our sister planets inhabitants with our bac-
taria. For a while pet in shall only find meteoriles
that originate from planets, comele or asteroids, and
ice which falla from tha toilat-syslams of wirplanes.
Octabor 1956.
Here, in a rsport just racaived from the linited
States, is en important break through into the aras
of rescarch mentioned in the afore-going article. With
precision timing, eg now perceire that "- through
condonsation
this dust eventually forms meteorites
which are dense enough to be altractad
to a pla-
not -".
From: Los Angoles "Hersid-Examiner", Sunday,
January 22nd 1867.
»L. A. Man finds Life in Space«
THERE IS LIFE IN SPACEI
Chlorophyli, key compound of life on garth, axists
abundantly in outer space.
These findings have been reported to a gathering
of experts on Astronomy and Biodynamics meeting
at the University of Celifornia at Berkeley by Dr.
Fred Johnson ol Electro-Optical Systems in Pass-
dana.
Based on his findings, Dr. Johnson fold the Barte.
day colloquium the possibility that man is not alone
in the universe in arcellent.
The physicist, astronomer and biochemist told the
Berkeley sessions, which opened Friday, that atter
13 years of research he had been able to identify
interstellar dust and had found it in comporad lang.
ely of the solid molacular aubstance chlorophyll and
not ice or graphite as had been previously balisred.
"Thase is no pesson to beliere that we on thir
planet ere unique".
Dr. Johnson told the Herald.
Énaminer.
"There
is very good pridence, on
the
other hand, that there may be similar forms of life
throughout the unineren".
Dr. Johnson nsported that although intarstellar dust
he very amall with
esch grain having en evsrage
density of 10 lo 20 grama per cubie centimater, ha
speculater that trough condensalion this deat aven-
sually forms mateorites mhich are danse anaugh to
be attracted to a planet.
SIREPLE PLANTS.
Thess meteorites, he said, then dsposit the life
substance chlorophyli and, as on sarth, undergo the

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 729, "chars": 4774, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
138
photosynthalie procees to produce at
plant forms.
anal The spacebrothers-Ond
*The significance of my findings, I corrects, Dr.
Johnson declared,
"le that a caxe for life chemistry
in spect can not only be inferred but the and pro
Earth's electronic
duct can be footad spon as a form al file similar
to that on earth"..
equipment
Johnson made his dircoraties
by absening the
apectral lines of light absorption of interstaller dust.
He found that the dust absorbed light al a certain
Unaraidable bateriorenes.
range of warnength.
teentifying an elament er
compound by spactat
informalion is similar to identifying e human by his
fingerprinte.
It her boon known that starlight containe mary
colore Scientists atro know thal malocutes or alome
in the patti of star-liphi are repablo of absorbing e
part of it
This means that individual moleculas can be ident-
died pozitively by
the particular spectral portions of
she light they absorb on e one-to-one bania.
BE MILLIONS
Previous like studier al spectral fines indisated
the presence ol hydrocarbons. But since the comb.
trations of trom hydrocarbon compounds exande
infos the millions, further extensive eludy was required
* *denfify fra
major companants of sust from this
spectral information.
Random destina of the possible hydrocarbon comp-
onents of the inforstallar
cust
sonto take
lifelimer By systematic elimination of pozaibilities,
Dr.
Johnson reduced the field to porphyrins and
carbolenoida,
which are closely associaled wish
chlorophyll. He compared the abrorption band spec
tra of these subtlancer is taboratory conditions aim.
elating the extra terrestrial anvironmente of cha dust
and lound that they maiches.
Further investigation through both spectroscopic
audies and loser rougarch al
he Electre-Colice!
Systems revealed the subalance in question to ba
chioropnyl.
If some of this dust should mach a planet lie
Mer, could the chlorophyli photorynthesize?
a have indientions that life started
there for
march) from outside,
Dr. dobrson declarad.
*The
eane thing could happen there"':
To iustrale the point, Dr. dohnson maid ho cond
actoo some expatimants on rocts estimaled to be
4% billion years aid. He found porphyrine, a "abele-
tom'' form of chitorophyli.
Or. doinzon speculatad that the same machoniam..
condansation
of dust into meteors, which are them
attrected to plenalt - can be at work nom do vall de
In the past when earth was bom.
Credit: - Are Merna Lindermayor,
Can Bernadino, California.
One ef the commonsul accurances indicating tha
close presence of e UFO i the unevoidable
bertier.
terence with Earth's radio, electrical and electronic
equipment, believed to ta brought about by the
diffsiant torce field in which the UFO enerater
Temporarily stalled cars, mando radios, elistorted
talovinion screene and disrupted electronic equip
ment are smong the features most frequently met with
in a clote encounter mith a flying saucar. One of eur
correspondente in Viesiford, Méres, USA, siare
there has been a record number of sightings this
pear, tells is thal ahon a UFO pastes near her
nona, a most extraordinary pattern of
Horizontal
lines of small vocat (thur: mmmm) do
psaro on her felovision screen and that froguanity
ehor she goes quiside to forestigate, there in to
culprit UFO! Included among
the many reports of
Big.
increased morldwide UFD activity in racent
months are typical ones such as the report fron
Atorer published duly 11 mhich nanda: -Flying Ot-
rect Slope Waterer a mookesman tor santa Marin
Airport elaimed today that.
a mysterious fiying ot
jact apparently stopped all electro-magnatic watches
at the airport when it than slowly oner the talar
restardey, He said a unito erlindscal object mat
tren siying eiaiy in a north enectary direction at
a height of 33,000 feets. Another report from Mar
berta
Auntralia, published acon after flariner I
## .
photographing Mars, radia: "Did Myzterious
Object Distort Mara Signale? A mystarious glomino
object + hovering near Canberra Airport while tha
U.5. Meriner.
épaco probe was taking
mars - her baffled exporte in Canbarra Sir membert
of the traffic control tomer crow said the abject
hung suspended at about 5,000 feet for 40 minutes.
it disappezzed atron an eir force plane ses went
but to idenlity it. Experie now are mondaring if it
ex coincidence that the anject mer diontes enortly
tefore maaroy Tidninbilla tracking stetion our sched
uted to pick up Mariner signalk The station fau
tacking
en to Mariner at the
times.
Delitanto
I! * beiarad trai
most of
thei
aforegoing
dante are more er tass it an accidental mature. But
there is aleadily-mounting evidenco ovar she rear
that our space
manor arg sole to and Betually
do use our stectronic aquipment to make tunir
presence boin to their surth brothers, to convey

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 929, "chars": 5541, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ufo contact
138
doesnates
to trustod NFO morkere on Earn,
and
lor pthis specifie purposes. Most of us have read
accoint erition by propia claiming to tiare recoi-
red messages, both garbled and clear, from that
Space Brothera via ham radion, tessor-colt experi
manta, etc, er of coming spacemen or other unider.
died plienomena on their television acroone. There
was one amusing story of a man who teil asieep
ahile watching a late, dela movia on tolavision end
awako several howt later do lind himanil staring
al a atrenge, other morid faco on his TV screan!
He was so acared, he snapped off the TV set -
and sold it the next day! Then there are caser of
people beatino
mestonet end celestial muric
shai tapo recorder. Only recently.
Fala mepazine
published a leiter naceived from Myra Dee Mine ed
Sacramento, California, in
which the stated
that
ahile attempting fo
created with.
thie
necord a new song she had
holp of sumerology, ia.,
ioming the vibration of each words, on a brand.
net tape bought el a local store, ere procoaded
lo pick the potos out on an organ and ang
them
on to the tape She goes on to say: «l then
mant
in turn off the tape tocorder and fourd it had slop.
ped, I reset it and played the notes over sonin.
When i relumed to the recorder to stop i
sorre
cott
al africa liid seemad so appear I could
woe it and feed it with my hands it gone to the
ane sensation as if I hei too repelling magnets.
wondering why such e condition exisied, I stood
and let the machine min on When I so tonger tell
ise forco field, i ran the tape back to raplay. My
voice was clear, the noles more clear- but linas
tached bevana words mten a beautiful archastia:
rogan playing the very
theme I had created.
it
astra a tong perios, over 30 minutes. it is possibla
ant the recorder zomebor picked up munic out el
•he air. There wen to olher instrument in the houre.
he tape was new end i ran it around 12 d'clock
midnight. I've tried to répaal this atrange incident
averal times, bul nothing tar happened in addi.
on to the music on the tope a voice speake in
language l moves heard before.
Several parsona
to tiere fistened to the tapt say they here & maird
shie * i pianing-.
A Mersing Via Mes Radio.
While, even with an open sind, # cannot,
"derslandably, pouch for the verecity of all tore
aims, on con quote a couple of experiences af
her nature which
Happened to
our founder.
the
ate Wilber D. Smit, during his long and intensive
• sudy of the UFO Myttory.
WBS, an most of pow
- neu, wet firat and foramost a
scientiet.
and be
eras accepted anything without careful checks and
rosin-checks and only by this mathod
rareoty sure of hix ground.
But undoubtedy, he
aceived clear-cul massages
ano contirmations or
i variety of
scientific and
philosophical
his space friardo.
indush a number teres
from Topsides,
madle me in disa
sources mes a focal ham radio operaior
must be clearly stressed, knew
little: #
anything
about Mr. Smith's work or scientific experiments
and most of the messagos he received lor Wilbert
smith, on an unidentifind waroband, were comploto-
ty
unintelligible to tim - although they made a lot
of panse to WeS:
Dy this means and with the wauel, requeated cor
firmation fram other sources, Wilbert Smith recoined
e tol of invaluabie guidance in bir
ecientilic work.
The moel dramatic incident, howaver, accurred whar
WBS and a amall morking perty of the than Ottawa
Flying Saucer Clut were preparing to fest out an
lazperísrantal machina
thay
had
this
buitt dust pries
test the Bays from
Topside broke into the
radio.
operator's listening.
blanking out elf
other stations and repeating
insistently
that they
en urgent mariage for Wilberi
Smith which
ete operator mat to pasa on to tim without delay ..
this he did. The mescage, couched in scientific
terres.
might be translated
into layman's
tanguage
saying thal a cortein frateel in the experimental
Machine
sould not stand the
atrest of the
Fans.
about to do placed an it and fhat it could shatter
under the strain; precaution arouid be teton Man-
ding this advice, WBS and his co-workera.
built e
protective mooden covering:
ampunt the mechine.
after which they set it in motion and, an predicted.
trywhen shaltered,
embedding ise mooden
boarde with its strapnel!
interzention on a Tape
Record
Another strange experience occutrad
during
afi
axchange of tape recording fetter bateson YOS
and another UFO
morker in the U.S. At the time,
WBES mer in possescion of cortein scientilie data
which the
Boys
from
Topride tud asted
Rim to
hero contidential for the time being Inadrertenty.
WaS, more by
implication ther
diract etatement.
int slip a fan clues to
this sciontific problem in
i topoleter to his collergue. A most or so inter,
he received the tope back from his friend, with e
massage asking if he would fill in the blank apoces
on the tape Puzzled, WBS examined the tape care
hilly and played il over, only to
discovar tsat in
the places where to had let alip the tell-tale clums,
the sound hes been nestly erased and thers was a
elighily sticky substance on the tape in there anees!
Thie
any possible
conclunion he could mach wen
test it tits the work of the Boys from Topside.
Mera tian, are too authontie cares of the Space
Brothere weing pur alactronic aquipment for « apaci
** parpose
the of Telariston.
Recantly, the English magazina «Week-Endo car.
ried the following ertiche, and while it i written in
• humorous. tongue-i-cheek pain,
is writer may
have boors a hot closer to the truth thars he legi-
ned! To quose: Tonighi you will probably sit down

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 770, "chars": 4548, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
140
et home and watch pour
granite.
Than you will forgat all about it. But do
you
ever wonder mal becamar ot
old colevision
programmes = apart from the
pries thay anow sor
Sundays?! Do they just fade out and ranion m on
they keep travelling through space for
perhaps to
be picked up by
crectures on other
planats? Fantastic - but scientiate shink i in por-
Vitae.
Aftar ed we
these in
Britain mare able to
maich the Olsepic Games in tapan min e satellita
in outer spade.
-Some scientiots pren think that weird sracklings
and gibberish that accesionaily come in on radio and
Ty programmer are really pirale programmes from
other planeis. And it is true that scientific listening
posis here teped some mighty odo sounds from
space which could come from coma sort of intel.
ligence, somerhare in the Universe,
«Back in September,
fand
were amarad
18t, viewers ail oner Eng-
whert
their
scrabrie
suddenty
carried tis idantification tard and call feltor of
talovizion station KLEE, in Houston,
TaxEs. A front
accurance? - that's mhat the experte thought ..
until radio engineert tried te contact KlEE, ther
sands of miles away across the Atlantic eStation
KLEEs, they were told, whas been off the air for
all of thros mare, and since that time no KLEE
identification card has been shown Where bad
that phenom pielure bsen for thron yaare? Wtry
did it appear in Enpland? And how did it per back
from atierever il had beer Mobody trows So it,
bonight,
you shouid cos an uniderlified object set
To Utologists, the ides ol maiching a blank tele.
mision screan lor such phenomena i not zo far-out
* in fact it might prove an inferesting asperiment
for those of un who believe such thinge are pos-
Couples with e telepathic request to
OUt
apace friends, it mighl evan produce result That
the ider han done ecientific backing is ahown by
a recent article which appamiad in the mOrtema
Jouma!" tie:
antime TV Comina from Outer Spacate
Sall Late Cily (AP) - A distinguished Britit aetro-
somer. Dr. Fred Moyle, speaks of the possibility
of alive. Ty trom outer space.
And by liver he
means people - ouler spaco people, prople who
may live on planels to oure on the
altar side of
the Alilky Way. Hoyle thinks it's highly
probable
mat such planets and poopie do must So do s lat
al other actortialt.
"They think some of the radio wares hitting
the
darth right nor contain mercages from these prople
and there is some scientific ellon under any to
decipher three mostages to tune into thosa radio
mares, mains mhich would ales taramit pictures.
- Miat coudo me set end hoar on the scalestist.
television! Mayle, in hir new toch, nOt Man and
Galaxing (Usivereity of Washingion Prese) anys
eto contact
come of these outer apeco civilizatione hav
ofred
further than we and mould therefore be able to tell
un. for rempte, toe to aroid a nuclear
The Space Brothers Keep Theis Ward
As predicted by the Space
Brothara in earlier
leaves of Topside, they ere keeping their promise
to
make thomanives eoen mon and more by the
people of Earth. From
the incrazzed aumbior of
reports of sightings end landinge of UFON all over
the morld, there can he fille doubt that our sorce
friend ere nor making an all-out affart to asiaton
in lo their reality, and it is becoming daily more
obvious thel they are prepared to use every peace-
ful meens within their considerable power to achiove
their mission of goodwil. Their purpose appears to
bo bon-fold: (1) To provent a nuclear holocaust
which may not only destray Plenal Earth but also
produce
the entire Solar Syzter
and
perhape even further afield in Outer Speçe;
(2) To enlighion their more backmend Earth
drottare as to
tha entrant #*aalty of widening
their horizon to encompass knowledge end practica
of
Cosmic
Brotherhood, and the realization
they have moral obligations not only to their part
kind but to cilizetions on other planeta who may
lero to tutter for Earth'e inexponsibie actiona.
If the powers that be on Earth continue to cover-
up and disregard the continued efforts of the space
Brothere,
then they
may
: aspect to
more slartling and dramatic visitations in the near
future.
CREDIT:_ COURTESY OF «TOPSIDE: - JOUR-
NAL OF THE OTTAWA NEW SCIENCES CLUB.
OUR READERS MAY BE INTERESTED TO
KNOW UFO CONTACT IS SENT TO OVER
60 NATIONAL DELEGATES AND OTHERS
AT THE UNITED NATIONS IN NEW YORK
BESIDES MANY HEADS OF STATE OF
COUNTRIES ALL OVER THE WORLD.
SMOULD OUR READERS WISH TO OFFER
POSITIVE HELP - FINANCIAL DR OTTER-
WISE - IN SPREADING THE TRUTH OF THE
UFO-CASE, THEN THAT HELP WILL BE
VERY WELCOME.
The Editers,

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 984, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PS AND DRACK ADMINISTRATION
W BroLE FILEMT CENTES
FILt Viti
FOA ESTR
#r. prad sexenltog
Alazanario, PisFinia.
frate
in ee decise:
Teipt Fot
#ery aet lor pur settir en ter poRt aftor to saro ee
paat tita.
I so aos realty prelifi+d 1o purs
adga k to ifa diet di
•nla te gov to tuera
the prople seie at Fiddard ais ero toot at it
Photogragaie branca aná ea pour fita.
Erfarteonte)y in
base to nn
projrctor dere, so I met ens goe to britt per p. Mesk gui sanin
fsI yret ofter.
dinerrely piirs,
PacE tt.
Tani D toset.
te.
dr *hoies ty
sebaretary
laboratory dar Tonarertezt Fredien
DEPAATMEMT DF THE AIA FONGE
ANTA M
boere so tie taruiuoi
BAF : 7 067
ter if draciltegi
ie dir forer maile to sary iaverentos 1o sartorsas y00)
rita It pou vaid et lo couch vitt oa ti lo FRotejoo, nn vL
arroga a iaudae for an indes vesco ie comesinos der pou..
ea razaber de
-.AT...
soast pou tos rettarine te aso jour flii I na lonlar forvart
dO BONITAE (TOM TPA+
Alocarai,
calet,
.cirz
orrier
ose de FLatos

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 1157, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FROM
SUBJECT:
5
Memoran En
DIRECTOR, 1BL
DATE: 7/25/67
BAC, SERARI (47-0)
UNIDENTIDIED AERIAL OBJECTS
COMPLAINANT
ALISHAD MIPERCONATION OF FBI AGENTS
- AND MILITARY PSRSONNEL
IMPERSONATION
sociosed werewith not toe bureau are charact
1S and 14 of a book now being prepared by.
The book relates to Doldontitled Aerlal Objects (4A0) whieh
estates "111 500n be published la magazine 20rs on
a nation-sido basis.
7
ebo clsins to save eritton soverei boots,
15 a Braduato of Oxiord in Eurland and bas ratious desacos.
He states
that he has appeared on the Gary Moore Show Rod
ottor types of television projects. He relates that ho han
teen extrenely concorned sbout thOs cod is the subaitted
Interial be eludes brietly to the TBI and the CIA.
There does not appert to ba a violation of the
Ingersonation Statute or any other violation over bich this
Ecrcau now bas Jurisdictiod.
Ito enclosed information 18
Dubaittod only for the Bureau's interest and no furtbez
notion is contemplated by sevart.
2- Bureau APROE SURE
I - Novark V
ISI: JUP
(3)
- 83874-444
NOT RECORDED
152 JUL 28 1967
AUL 37 867
1067 Buy V.S. Savings Bonds Regularly on she Payroll Savings Plan

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1391, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO
:
FROM
de posa (a 099) m1-1
UNITED STATES & AMMENT
Memorandum
DIRECTOR, FBI
SAC, MIAMI (62-0-11328) C
DATE:
6/8/67
SUBJECT*
INFGRINVITON CONCERNING
A revier of the Miami indices revealed Infornation
reflecting subject appeared at the liani Office on July 24,
ageat and aunteered to return to Austria as an intertigence.
His expressed motivation was to do something to repay
the debt he felt be oved the United States. He was afforded
the Mashingtor, D. C. Headquarters address
of the Central
Intelligence Agency and told his inquiry should be directed
vere.
Also, on July 4, 1961, he appeared at the Miami
Office and gave an incoherent story of recently meeting an
Individual who asked him to kill his mother.
• appeared
to be somewhat bewildered and continuously gazed away from the
intérvieving Agent.
During his most recent visit to the Miant Office,
seemed genuinely concerned about the existence
of the object he allegedly photographed during November, 1944.
Re exhibited no emotional nor mental disorder and appeared to
be rational.
In view of recent publicity afforded UFO sightings,
some apparently by responsible sources, this information
is submitted to the Bureau for consideration of transmittal
° to the U. S. Air Force.
pention suites,
75700-ll l
List
Iliani
LB/bab
(3)
Диня суд. артісу
JUN 271967
14 JUN 12 1967
Buy U.S. Savings Bonds Regularly on the Payroll Savings Plan

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1775, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In Heply, Please Refer
File No
62-0-11328
(
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF JU. iCE
FEDERAL DUREAD OF INVESTICATION
Miani, Florida
June 8, 1967
RE:
INLORNAYLON CONCERING
Erie airy 3495 goner
On
April 26, 1957,
Niani, Florida, appeared at the Miami Office and
furnished the tolloring information relating to an object,
presently referred to as an unidentified flying object, he
allegediy photographed during November, 1944:
sometime during 1943, ne graduated from the
German nir Acadeny and was assigned as a member oi the
Luftwaffe on the Russian Front.
Near the end of 1944, be
was released from this duty and was assigned as a test
pilot to a top secret project in the Black Forest of Austria.
During this period he observed the aircraft described above.
It vas saucer shaped, about twenty-one foet in diameter,
radio controlled, and mounted several jet engines around the
ster so portion d
of the craft. He further described the
exterior portion as revolving around the dome in the center
which remained stationary.
It was d
a responsibility
to photograph the object while in flight.
He asserted be
was able to retain a negative of a photograph he made at 7,000
metaus 20,000 teet). A Xerox copy of the negative, as furnished
appears on the last page of this communication.
a still photograph be allegedly made at the risk of my
life"
• Illustrating the object parted In a hanger, appears on
the last page.
According to
• the abore aircraft was designed
and engineered by First Name Unknown)/
_ a German engineer
whose present whereabouts is unknown to him.
le assumed
was taken into custody by Allied Forces upon the terminatior
of hostilities.
stated,
* unsuccessfully attempted
to avoid the German draft, but was apprehended by the Gestapo
archenne?
!.:
=
:54-L:1)
• * too

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 288, "chars": 1872, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Г
RE:
(
INFORMATION CONCERNING
In Vienna, Austria, sometime during late 1943 or early 1944.
•also assumed the secretspertaining to this aircraft
were captured by Allied Forces. He said this type of aircraft
was responsible for the downing of at least one American B-26
airplane.
He furnished the following fuel and engine date:
•...fuel mixture of N2F40 in Metbyl Alcobol
(CHOH) rather than 'oxygen-hölding" mixture of
hydrogen peroxide ho0z 10 water. 7m 1,3m biga twe
rocket motors: smooth
flow, rotary drive over 2,000
meters per second...."
•said he copied this data from & board
located in the hanger area.
-asserted he was shot down by the British
on March 14, 1945, after having been reassigned to the
Western Front.
He was held prisoner by the British In
London and later in Brussels until bis release in 1946.
He departed
for the United States from Bremerhaven, Germany,
on December 26, 1951; entering the United States in New
Jersey on vanuary 1,
1952, and was subsequently naturalized
in Miami during 1958.
He
is presently employed as a
mechanic at tastern Attlines, blami,
Florida. He related
he was born lay 3, 1924, In Austria.
astated he has withheld this information
because he assumed the United States possessed it.
He has
become Increasingly concerned because of the unconfirmed
reports concerning a similar object and denials the United
States has such an aircraft. He feels such a weapon would
be beneficial in Vietnam and pould prevent the furtber loss
of American lives which was his paramount purpose in contacting
the Federal Burcau of Investigation (FBI).
reiterated be has the original negatives
of both photographs.
He said the shots were taken at a thirty
second tine exposure.
This document contains neither recommendations nor
conclusions of the FBI.
It is the property of the FBI and is
It and its contents are not to be
your agency.
2
TATE

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 1, "chars": 5, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 37, "variant": "clean-vision"}
will

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 409, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TO
SUBJECT:
ONTIONAL PEROM NO. H
3818-107-1
UNITED STATES GC RNMENT
Memorandum
Director, FBI
egat, Mexico City (105-5845)
(5) 61
INFORMATION CONCERNING
DATE: 1/30/67
SECRET
CALE INPORNATION CONTAIN
RUC)HEREIN IS UACLASSILE
INCEPT THERE SHONA:
DIHERNISE.
9803
0/24/92
90516)
Bureau
"5.!
(1 - Liaison Section,
" - San Antonio)
I - Mexico City,
Landintari
bi routine
REC 11
EX 101
62-83894-458
SEGREIR
CRIME BRY

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 184, "chars": 1425, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4-750 (Rer. 17-14-88)
xXXXXX
xxxxxX
XXXXXX
)
VEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATIÓN
FOIPA DELETED YAGE INFORMATION SHEET
Z Page(s) withheld entirely at this location in the file. One or more of the following
statements, where indicated, explain this deletion.
• Deletions were made pursuant to the exemptions indicated below with no segregable material
available for release to you.
Section $52
Section 552g
• (b)(1)
C (b)(2)
• (bX3)
(bX4)
_ (b)(5)
(b)(6)
(bX7XA)
• (b)(7)(B)
(b)(7)(C)
• (b)(7)(D)
(b)(7)(E)
L
(bX7XF)
Lowe
(b)(8)
(b)(9)
D 02)
(k)(1)
DJ (k)(2)
(KX3)
• (kX4)
• (k)(5)
• (k)(6)
• (K)(7)
Information pertained only to a third party with no reference to you or the subject of your
request.
Information pertained only to a third party. Your name is listed in the tille only.
I Documents originated with another Government agency(ies). These documents were referred
to that agency(ies) for review and direct response to you.
Pages contain information furnished by another Government agency(ies). You will be
advised by the FBI as to the releasability of this information following our consultation
with the other agency(ies).
Page(s) withheld for the following reason(s):
• For your information:
& The following number is to be used for reference regarding these pages:
62-83894-458
peconds
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
xxxxxx
XXXXXxxxxxxxxxxxx
X DELETED PAGE(S)
x
X NO DUPLICATION FEE X
FOR THIS PAGE
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
·B1/DC
....

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 208, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MEX 105-5844
bl
No information was located in the indices of the Mexico
City Office identifiable with the Subject.
The foregoing is furnished for information of the Bureau
and San Antonio.
CRIKE!
SEGRET
- -.

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1740, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- Mr. Deloach
-
more
Mr. Cale
Liaison :
Sect
January 18, 1987
UNIDENTIZIED FLYING OBJECT
ALLBGEDLY SIGHTING, JANUARY 17,- 1967.
OFLYING SAUCEKS
10
At 4:10 a.B., January 18, 1967,
advised that he desired to report that be had observed a large
oblong-shaped object mbich aligbtod in tho street in iront
of his thon be vas on bia var home tron bis television repals
shop, the
*, Chesapeake,
ViTzinia.
Ile believes that he uns takes iato this craft valch
be recalls as being undo of a flass like substance and being
transparont. It vas manned by several individuals who appeared
to be undersized creatures sinilar to senbers of the buran
rico, probably not more tuan » leot tell. inor vero aulegedly
rearing reguler trouser panta and l-snirts.
• bellores
that be was transported by this craft los an undeterained
distance and returned to dis point of take-oil approsinately
one bour later.
Maspoke in a coberent manner althouga be
appested to be under certaio notional strala. do clalned
ho had not been drinking any intoxicants but ho vas unable
to account for the tine betreen 8:00 p.s. and 1:00 a.s.. He
stated he vas telephonine fron his porkshop but bed no recollect
of being alsombere betroon 8:00 p-s, and 4:00 a.s.
The above 1a being furnished los your intornation.
furnished Infornation to night supervisor sA
Special Investigative Division.
A check of Bureau
indices did not disclose any information mbieh could be identifi
with
REC 6F
42-83894-45
. Thin document contains nolther
recommendations nor conclusions al
the FBI. It is the property of
"be fill and is isaard du your egcacy,
'It and it contints ane not to la
distributed vutile your agency.
Wick
Corpor
Collatisa
fett
-62JAN 2619671
MAL FOCA TELETYPE UNIT L
ID JAN 20 1957

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1291, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Casper -n
Collahan -
Contad.
Felt wi
Trotter m
Tele. Roon
Flying Sames:
UFJ-133
(FLYING
SAUCER)
COLLOR
FINANCED
COLO
--DR
IIYAED CONDON
FEAD CE A GOVERNIENT-
-SCIENTIFIC STUDY CU
ONITENTİFIED FLYING COJECTS
SAT
TCLAY
HE
FAD FECEIVED A LETTER TELLING PIN WHEN AND FREED A FLYING
SAUCES VOULD
LAND
ON EARTH;
CONDON
PROFESSOR
PHYSICS AT THE
CNIVERSIASTE C FACE TRE
_SAID
VCULT EITE TO THE MAN AND ASK MIN ON THAT BASIS HE MATE
FREDICTICH
*HE GAVE
NE
• THE
EXACT
DATE AND
THE
EYACT LOCATION THE
SAUCER
#CULT LAND SAID
VCULD
RE MANNED BY
FERSONS FEON ANOTYER:
PLANET,"
CONDON
SAILO
SUSSESTED FE
CONTACT THE SPACE TRAVELERS AND FAKE FRIENIS FI
THEN
TIE
• UNIVEFSITY
CE COLORADO PROFESSOR SAJI.
CONDON VOULD
LETTER
NOT
DISCLOSE THE NAME
THE PERSON FHO WROTE
ThE
SAY PFEFE TIE
PRELICIED LANDING FOULD TAKE FLACE OF
THE
DAT
DID SAY INCULE SOMETHER TETRY AIN FIND CUT WRAT THE BAS
*JEERING
TC ANCIED THE LETTER TC TRY AND
I$
TOF
THE
• MAN'S
PREDICTICA
- CONDON SAD,
CONDON ALSO DISCLOSED THAT DE.
TEPUTY DJRECTOP CE
THE CU FLYING CBJECTS
INVESTIGATICN FRCUACTI
VAS IN TRE JOPLIN,
NG-EITTSPUPUH,
KAN?
AREA TCDAY CHECKING CUT REPORTS O5
UFC
VE SAID LOF DOCBARLY WOULD PETURN TO BOULDER TONIGHT.
971E --TSS
ESPES
a publicite
sovind.
12 - 8388
MY JAN 20 1967
WASHINGTON CAPITAL NEWS SERVICE
79 JAN 231967

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 102, "chars": 699, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
December 37, 1086
62-83894-455
EX-108
Bradiord, Peansy vania 18701
Dear
I have received your letter of December 20th.'
Although I would like to be of assistance, matters
pertalning to Unidentifled Flying Objects are not within the juris-
diction of the FBI.
Inasmuch as your corrunicatlon is of interest
to another governmental agency, I am referring a copy of it to
the Director of Special Investigatons, The Inspector General,
Department of the Alr Force, Washington, D. C. 20333.
Sincerely yours,
NOTE: Bullles contain no record if correspondent. A copy of
her letter was sent to the Depertment of the Alr Force by form ..!.
referral this date.
BGE:gda (3)
!i::
- te
Vit
com
argi
I jus
males, th

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 112, "chars": 756, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OFFICE OF DIRECTON
FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVES
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT L* (ITIC*
(December 23, 1866)
dA BALDACH
AS SOME
Mist tett-
"lying Saucers
Bradlord, Pa 16701
tat IULLIVAN
PER TROTTER
Mr. J. Edgar Hoover
4936 30th Place
#M MOLE +
Washington, D. C.
BIAN HANDY -
Dear Mr. Hoover,
I am doing my Sclence Falt project on
U. F. O.6. Could you please send me any and
all Imformation you have on this subject?
I would also appreciate any Imformation you
may have as to how many planes we bave lost
chasing U. F. O. B.
Why has this Imformation
been kept a secret? Why is It important to
'national defense ?
Alen would you happen to know If any other
sides ourself have spotted U. F. O. s in
RADFORD
387
PA
ind 13:17.455
REC- 48
JE DEC 20 1566
Gel:12-29-66
slate

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 363, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bradford, pa.
16101
Mr. Q. Edgar Hoover
493630* lase
Washington, Д.c.
DearMr. Hoover,
Fan doing my Science Dair projed
- Po Cold yo ple me so.
and all information you
been tept a secret? Why is it importand to nationa
defense?
Also would you happen to know if
amy the county harde ouralf have op atled
U.F.D.e in recent times?
OR: 12-27-66
B-l:g:14
42-83-894-456

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 93, "chars": 690, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RC 1 62-83894_
454
December 21, 1966
s8-105
Inceton, West Virgletz 21740
Your letter mas recelved on December 18th,
Although I appreclate the motives prompting you to
write me, unidentified flying objects do not come within the scope
of this Bureau's authority. I am, however, referzing a copy of your
Letter to the Dircetor of Speclal Investigations, The Inspector Gen-
eral, Department of the Alr Force, Washington, D. C., whose
agency has condacted related studies.
Sincerely yours,
I Edgar Hoover
1 - Pittsburgh - Enclosure
Attention SAC: Correspondent is not identiflable in Bureau Indices.
- NOTE: Copy of incoming sent to OSt by form.
DCLisep (4)
-is 019
1.0362
• CB
•te. Rosa
32 am

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1298, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Erder ioovcr
Chiel lederal : ureru Of
Investifption.
DEAr
Sir;
FlyINE sAucers
SiT I
mention the rove so thrt you will not think an idiot
is ariting.
• Jou sceningly do not inow
or utterly disreguerd tie follorin;
sulject. I led hoped thet you might acke n
strtenent Lointe
105°
on tis gilject. I heve sailcd many yenrs do see your
opinion in print, lut sothing of the fort hes heppened.
.. octs
Lefore
lonr and it is n muller of tine you are going
to be
scooper so lo spert on this sruject, Dir I heppen to know
des oist I Deve personally seen tho of them, npe of these
siskios under los
clord cover in dryliplit. (I em not sure
rs to the clord loight). The other nt preleps Ino Lobsend
feet eltitude and spox. one milo off.
YOU
not ie interested " lut 1 chink tnis my le yilel In
the
security
of de luited Stules and if it is vill l am
you cre nor fruilier sith and porking on luis
prolies.
If I em correct eno these brings do lend 1 pa grentlj con-
-cerned as
do rhri kind of reception ihes might receive froa
lie inhilitence of dis country. I eu convinced outer a preri
ucrt of thought lot concone of your stending in this coratry
flould lel the perple snor shet is hirppening as regurus
things.
15. It leis is out of sons det
3-102.*349%
454
of duty 1 em corry lo Lother you.
42 DEC 271966
Ack

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 792, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
November 30, 1086
AIRMAIL
63-83394-41.
Wal, Baend
London,
Dear
I bare received your letter of November 20th.
In response to your inquiry, the policy of this
Bureau regarding the investlgation of Unldentified Flying Ubjects
has not ebanged since I wrole to you on January 26, 1965. Also,
it Is contrary to my long-standing pollcy to express an opinlos on
such matters.
Since my prior communication to you has been
destroyed, I am enclosing sootber for your flles and trust this
will be of belp to you la reconstructing your records.
Bincerely yours,
J. Elear Hoover
Enclosure
894l.
Halber
1- London - Enclosure
1 - Foreign Llaison Unit - Enclosure
NUTE: Butted aliciose on prior lester frol correspondent and
a reply made to him 1-26-65. Metal: "
(5)
(1.0E76862
Whitt
MAI NOON D TELETYPE UNIT

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 164, "chars": 1046, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26th Rovember, 1956
Enrar J. Hoover,
Director
rederal Bureau of Investipation,
Washineton, 1.0.
Deas Sir,
About two years spo or so I wrote to rou and
asked you, to the hest of my recollection, why agents
of you Bureru investiented renorted landinre of
unfärntified Ilving objects and whether date rererring
their findiors was svalleble. You replied savior that
arents investirated these cases to determine whether
en: Federel law bad been brokrn and that their
findings were confidentiol as were all other FBi records.
Since receivin your letter which was minced in my
records, meny of my records includin" your letter were
destroyed recently in a fire at my hone end I would
therefore be rrateful il, for the nurnoses of my new
records, confirm vour letter of 1964/5 it the situation
is still the same.
REG 52-67. 1:774-1/53
in addition, I would be fleased to learn want your
opinion 1s of the unidentified flyin" objects. If rou
decline, I would annreciste thet It was due to your -
position.
DEC We
Yours sincerely,
HRUinjh
¡ ENCLOSTEE.
LOST

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 1332, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Bie Hito
BAY IPAI NETAM
diaper dis. a 17
UNITED STATES VO INMENT .
Memorandum
Mi. Wick
DATE: 10-24-66
atta
Molu
Casper
Calladon
Corared.
fot1
Gott
Rosi
Fate.
Mainer
FROM
SUBJECT:
WASHINGTON, D. C.
On October 21, 1966, captioned individual telephonically
contacted the Bureau and spoke with SA
of the Crime
Research Section,
He advised that he is a free-lance writer and is working
on a story for a TV production concerning unidentified flying objects.
Be stated that he has been in personal contact with a former Air Force
officer who uses the allas of me
-concerning unidentitled flying
objects and that it is the TV producer's Intention to use this individual
in the forthcoming TV show. He advised that&
is not the individual's
true name and inquired as to whether the FBI could advise him of
• real identity.
was advised that the FBI could not be of any
assistance to him and that all information in FBI files is confidential.
He was also advised that the Investigation of unidentified flying objects
is not, and never has been, a matter within the investigative jurisdiction
of the FBL
with
RECOMMENDATION:
Bufiles contain no information which can be identified •
REC 53
6212444-437
For record purposes.
EX-104
Wis
15 OCT 25 1865
*
: 1 - Mr. DeLoach
1 - Mr. Wicke
(1 - 62-83894 (Unidentified ixing objects)
TBC 58
77 0CT311966

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1733, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITED STATES 17 MENT
Memorandum
TO
DIRECTOR, IBI
DATE:
10/19/66
SUBJECT:
SIC, SAN EBANCISCO (68-29714
DES
UNIDENTIFTED BUYING/OBJECTS
IS = X
Re Bureau Bulletins No. 57 dated 10/1/47, and No.
38 dated 3/25/49, entitled 'FIXING DISCS.
enclosed are copies of an article entitled "Armed
Forces - Focus on UFO"
which was published in the Inds Norld
supplement of the San Francisco Examiner & Chroniole, Sunday,
October 16, 1956.
This article deals with the current controversy over
the existence or nonexistence of flying saucers or Unidentified
Flying Objects (UrOs), and quotes Itichigan's Congressional
Representative GERALD FORD as sugresting flat Congress 100k
into uros; also it announces that the Air Force, wich 1s
charged with Investigating UPOs, has commissioned the Univer-
sity. of Colorado and Plysics Professor EDWARD U ACONDON to
conduct an in-depth study of flyine sucers for
the next 18
montha, at an estimated cost of $300,900,
the articie also points out that since last sumner
pressure has
been mounting for the establishment of an inde-
pendent, civilian controlled Investigative agency to 1ook Into
the UFO problen.
Also, for the Bureau's Information, there was re-
cently published (first printing June 1966) a book entitled
"flying Soucers - Serious Business"
• Lyle stuart, Inc..
publishers, authored by Frank Edwards. This book 1s now In
Its third edition and 1s available in paperback, published
by Bantam Books, and It 1s probably a contributing factor to
the current controversy:
In this book author' Edwards points out that flying
saucers were observed in the spring of 1946, In Scandinavia
and Rusaln (which he points out is about a year from the inte
* C REC 53
62-53211
OCT 21 1966
(5)
ser3?
EX-114
NAT.

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 354, "chars": 2323, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SP 62-2927
DET: 1ms
documents many reports throughout the world of UFOs since that
de desishands and that these were observed by puttiple wit-
and claims that 1965 was the year of the greatest number
705505.
It is author Edwards' contention that UFOs are space
vehicles sent to observe activities on earth and the Air Force,
which 1s charged with the responsibility of investigating UFOs,
has deliberately withheld information and given misleading
explanations because it fears a mass panto by the publie it
the public were told the truth.
The book describes Ufos as polished metal objects,
radiating heat and 1ight (sufficient to have burned witnesses
who were too near), and emitting some force fleld that inter-
teres with electromagnetie Instruments and pover sources,
Colors range from brilliant white to dull reds and brilliant
orange.
there are
three baste shapes: 1) zeppelin-shaped ships up to
300 feet
long: 2) disk-shaped objects ranging trom & lew feet in dia-
meter to 100 feet, with many reported at sbout 30 feet diameter;
and 3) egg-shaped objects, which according to the author are
the
ones most recently signted.
According to the book, the objects move silently and
attain tantastic speeds, yet can hover motionless in mid-air;
they have been reported to land and to take off with great
speed, usually with a burst of 1ight from the underside, which
in some cases has left the ground beneath them scorched.
Many of the persons named in the book who have re-
ported them are rollable individuals, including law enforce-
ment officers, military personnel on offcial duty, military
commercia, airine pilots, civilian detense 01t201215,
p110te number of photographs of the objects have been repro-
duced in the book, some reportedly taken by reputable persons.
Many reported sightings are from atonie and missile researc!
areas.
Wreckage of crashed saucers has been reportedly re-
covered on at least three occastons, in one case described as
a magnesium alloy, in anotner as pure magnesium, ana an a thiro
cape, attributed to an official of the Canadian government, the
material was described as an exceptionally hard untown metal,
actually a matrix of magnesium orthosilicate which contained
thousands of 15-micron metal spheres throughout, and sloving
evidence of micro-meteorites on Its surtace.
+2=
*444

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 104, "chars": 632, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SP 62-2927
DET: Ims
A few witnesses have reported seeing crewmen who
hand landed from the objects, who are described as tiree and
a half to four feet tall, wearing what appear to be space suits
and
helmets.
Author towards concludes this book with a prediction
that in the near future UFOs NI11 make an "overt landing
deliberate contact with earth.
or
copy of this letter is being directed to Denver,
in view of
the contract awarded to Dr, EDWARD U. CONDON.
The above is being called to the Bureau's attention
In view of the press report of mounting pressure
for a civilian
controlled investigative
agency to handle UFO matters.
-3-

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 628, "chars": 3881, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ARMED FORCES •
Focus ón UFO
Winking. blinking and nod-
ding — red lights over Pasa-
deta,
blue lights
aler
Greensboro, silver cigars
over Detroit - people kept
seeing strange fying objects,
and officials kepi sajing
nothing was out there.
But in recent years, and
particularly fince last sura-
mer, the pressure had been
mounting for either a full-
scale Congressional inresti-
gation or for the estabüsh
ment of an independent, ci-
vilian-controiled inrestigato-
ry agency.
It had been a big rest for
Unidentified Flying
Objecle.
The sightings had come in
bunches, the bulk of them
last spring and summer. And
the reports had come from
all over.
"LIke Neun Lamps"
Among the most intriguing
ileras In this year's crop:
• At Nilan, Michigan, 15
miles south of Ann Arbor.
bluish-yellow bars of light
were spolled, looking like
neon lamps dangling in the
sky."
• In East Delhi, Mich, a
15-year-old boy called in
report seeing lights in the
sky alternately standing still
and moving,
somctimes
flashing on and off.
• In Altadena and San
Marino, Calif., police switch-
boards logged dozens of calls
ailer a pair of red lights in
the sky
vere reported by
residents.
• In Toledo, Ohio, officials
at the local airport
received
seven calls from persons ino
said ther sau a glowing ob
ject that was red, green and
bite.
• In suburban -Detroit. &
man saw a noiseless, ring.
less, cigar-shaped lying ob
ject
• In Bryan, Texas, resi-
'dents
said Iney
• heard a
star-like object purt.
• Over Valdese, N.C., a
"glowing blue thing" explod-
• ed, then lit up the town like a
: giant Mashbulb.
Somelimes the alleged
• sightings spilled orcr
into
• the bizarre. A space ship full
of Bille men allegedly landed
In a farm yard near Hopkins-
ville, Kentucky. The little
men glowed,.
and they were
described as "three feet tall,
with eses like saucers and
hands like clans."
A grain buyer In Nebrasca
said be
was invited into =
space ship where he chatled
with four men and two wom-
en. They spoke only broken
English - but fuent High
Gerinan which, as it hap
pened, was the grain buser's
Sivery Cigar
Nor did America have any
corner on the CFO market.
In Northern Ireland, Tom
Hutchinson saw a saucer
drop into a peat bog near his
home in Moneymore. It mas
eggshaped, tree feet in di.
Let Solen
DR. CONDON
Saucer-watcher
ame....
18 inches high. It be
gan to spin and Hutchinson
• grabbed it lie was carrying
it to the police, who de
scribed him as "level-headed
and God-fearing" when the
thing twisted out of his bands
and got away.
And in Warminster,
Enf
land, a city council worses
said he saw a silvery cigar
shape drifting over the ri-
Iage downs. After a time, be
said, it seemed to stretch.
Then it seemed to divide
amidships with a flash of or-
ange light, although usere
was Do Doise,
Faming Object
Not all the sightings could
be easily sritten off as the
phantasmagoria of books,
cranks and drunks. And, us-
Itss one subscribed to a theo
ry of mass hallucination, it
mas difficult to explain away
simullancous sightings con
firmed by many rational sit-
nesses - such as the flaming
object that was seen last
April by thousands of East
Coast residents from Wash-
ington to Boston and even
temporarily disrupled a bal
game between the Chicago
White Sox and the Wash-
ington Senators in Wash-
ingion, D.C.
• Or the incident in Hills
dale, Michigan last Sarch, in.
which a Citil Defense Direc
for, an assistant dean, and 87
coeds reported that they bad
seen a glowing object sip
past their college dormitory
and hover in a swamp for
hours. Witnesses said they
Fatehed from the second
Door of the Hillsdale College
girls dormitory as the object
wobbled, wavered, glowed
eerily and
once zipped right
at a dormitory window be
fore stopping suddenly.
A Nicteori
The Air Force, charged
with investigaling every ase
is World, Sunday, October 6 96. 62-83894-11
S. F. Sunday Examiner & Chrenicio
ONCLOSURD

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 602, "chars": 3924, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
of the 11,000 sightings since
1947,
did have some ex-
planations. The mysterious
flaming object in the East
was "probably a meleor."
As for lichigan's much-
publicized
and pientifu
unidentified f1şing objects,
they
turned
out
to be
monkeyshines instead of
monships:
*L'nidentified
college boys" playing prants
with
flares to frighten the
girls in
the dormitories,
came the august report from
distinguislied
astronomer
called in by the sir Force to
insestigale Vie Hillsdale af-.
fair.
Evers report of a "filying
saucer" had ostensibly been
ebecked out by the Air
Forre's special squad knows
as "Project Blue Book," al-
though the staff was woefully
small. Of the 10.147 sightings
sInce 1947, the Air Force
insisted that only big remain
vuesplalned - and most of
these because of insufficient
information. Ine others have
been
attributed to planes,
balloons,
astronomical
causes. missiles. swamp gas.
méseoIs, fireworks ano, t
some cases, to hallucinations
and psychological reasons.
Roll Lightning?
Philip Mass.
avionics edi-
tor of Aviation Week & Space
Technology
magazine,
recently proposed some ober
explanations. Klass,
electronics engineer: said a
forma of "ball lightning," gen-
erated by high tension pourer
lines, could explain tbe phe-
pomeba.
Many of the sightings, said
Klass, occurred along or ver;
nea high-tension lines where
luminous balls of ionized air
could be generated under!
ecrlalo conditions.
No Threet"
The
maiD
conclusions
reached by the Air Force
were:
• "No unidentified fiying
objects reported, investigat-
ed and evaluated by the Air
• Force hare ever given any ip-
dication
of a threat to our
national security*
• "There bas been Do er-
Idencé submitted to or discor-
ered by the Air force that
sightings represent teebno
logical developments or prin-
ciples beyond the range of
present day scientific knowt
elige."
• "There has been no evi-
dence thet sightings catego
rised as unidentified are ex-
• tratertestrial vehicles."
Major Donald Reyhoe,
• homever, was unconvinced.
Major lies hoe, USMC (rE.
tired), director of the Nation-
el Investigations Committee
on Aerial Phenomena (NI-
CAP), a private space watch-
ins creanization, accused the
Air Force of conducting e
long-torm whitewash on the
• UFO question.
It was Keyhoe's theory
that the Air Force was with
holding information for fear
of causing public panic.
UFOs, insisted the Major,
who bad never seen one. Tere
of extraterrestrial origin an:
the Air Force feared that the
public could not accept this
knowledge. "They won't give
you details," he complained.
*Il they did, many of their
explanations would fall flat."
And Keyhoe could also
claim
• porrerful ally in
Michigan's Gcrald Ford, the
House Republican Jeader,
who sufirsied it mould be "*
res wholesome this e" for
Congress to look into uniden
lified flying objects. Such an
insestigation. Ford suggest-
ed. mould make the Ameri
can people "feel better."
Study in Depta
Whether or not that was so,
the Air Force last week took
definite steps to make itself
feel belter. Fed up with it-
restigating reports of flon*
ing. i131ug. 2coming. wint-
ing.
amesome, blinking,
streaking.
hovering things,
the Air Force last weet de
cided to bail itsell out of all
responsibility for future con
clusions concerning UFOs.
The Air Force announced
that at had commissioned the
University of Colorado to
conduct an "in depth" study
of flying saucers for the next
16 months. The director of
the study (expected to cost
$300,000) would be Dr. Ed
ward U. Condon, former d-
rector of the National Bureau
of Standards, and dos a
physics prolessor at Colora-
do.
To safisfy the shepties, and
insure the
study's
ebjectiv!-
t5. Colorado would select
several other universities to
take part in the independent
Investigation, with about 100
scientists participating.
And in ease that wasnt
enough, the National Acade
my of Sciences also agreed
to appoint a panel to reviewe
the Colorado report.

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 110, "chars": 747, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
+62183894-450
October 17, 1060
Dear
Your letter of October 8th has been received.
. With respect to your inquiry, matters pertaining to
sightings of aldentlied Flying Objects or Elving Saucers are not
mithin the jurisdietion of the FBI.
Inasmuch as your communication is of interest to
another governmental agency, I am referring & copy of it to the
Director of Special Investigations, The Inspector General, De-
partaRt i, the Alt Force, Washington, D. C. 20333.
OCT 1 7 1966
COMM-FBI
J, Edear Floorer.
happ
NOTE: We have had one outgoing to correspondent dated 3/10/66 in
response to his letter regarding the TV program, "The FBL" A
copy of his letter is being sent by form to the Department of the AlI
Force.
DFC:r1! (8)
WItS
"'''
ete.
4724
DO

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1208, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
life: nif
*766
atiaito,
Oct. 9,1966
30 at0
Office of the Diractor
Fodoral direnu of Investigation
United stites
Dept. of Justice
lashington, D.C.20535
Sir:
For the past twenty roars the United
strtes has been havins an Iserense in the
problem of the U*•0. or •
"ring snucers"
and not ing is boing done about It, as It
shanti de force has saintanzed that te
sightings have been ras, light, weather, etc.
but or triking to sore of the poonle that
have seen U.i.O. 's I'm wondering, il thr
Air Porce isn't 1rinG.
I'm not the only one wonderin this,
for the peonle that 1 havo talked to sa
that after the lichiran sightings ant the
othors they would not report it to the Air
Force If ther did see a U.I.0..
"eports say that even r b d igents have
весо
Dar un's and this has been denied by
tho Air Force.
the report rocently about the police
officor in Ollo or Pann. having sorlous
ranily frouble as well as being ridiculed
by peonle because of his sighting, along with
fellow polion officer, of a U.P,U..
I soe by ths that the faith in our
a so teen we may be puffie
the
terrible positlon, as did lazi dormant
in tho 1930's.
i wish
: to Imor
EX-114
AGENCIES BARS BEEN IN GET SUES
ecorol:
LURRE
pss
53 0CТ 281956

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 208, "chars": 1473, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNITED STATÉ JY-NMENT
Memorandum
TO
DIRECTOR, FBI
«DATE:
10/3/66
:
SAC, LOS ANGELES (100-24442-40/).
SUBJECT:
MING SAUCERS INTERNATIONAL,
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THE
AMALGAMATED FLYING SAUCER
CLUBS OF AMERICA, INC.
IS - MISCELLANEOUS
furnished the Los Angeles Division with Issue No. 24 dated
The Philadelphia Division by Letter dated 9/22/66p.rf5
July, 1906, entitled FLYING SAUCERS INTERNATIONAL"
= which 1s
the official Journal of tie Amalganated Flying Saucer Clubs
of America, Inc.
magazine from Mr. di
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on 9/19/66.
estated he
subscribed to the magazine because his son had exhibited an
interest in flying saucers and outer space.
He said that on
pages 2 and 3 of Issue No. 24 was an article which he believed
expounded the Communist Party (CP) Line.
For the information of the Bureau, the International
Headquarters of the Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of America,
Inc. '1s located at 2004 Morth Hoover Street, Los Angeles,
California.
alton by arter it AN Head the plates,
which was receiyed on 5/4/66 by special directional short-wave
radio by BOB RENAD A
Ine indices of the Los Angeles Division contain no
.. "
information Identifiable with RENAUD, and no Investigation has
ever been conducted on captioned organization. ENG RHUNFOR
by the los Angeles Office, UACB.
REG61: 72814.4
The foregoing is furnished to the Bureau for
Information.
2 - Bureau
1 - Los Angeles
JST: gCW
OCT. 5 500
---
(3)
SENOL BRILND EULE
CRIST/RESTARCE
610CT 131966

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 838, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(
September 6, 1966.
62.63294-11D
1903
MAILED 3
SEP 6 - 1966
COMM-FBI
Mrs.
Golfstown,
New Hampshire 03045
FLORENCE
Dear Mrs.
Your letter of August S1st, with enclosures,
has been raceived and I appreclate the interest which prompted
you to write.
In response to your inquiry, this Bureau is
strietiy an Investigative agency of the Federal Government
and, as such, neitber makes evaluations nor draws conclusions
as to the character or integrity of ans organization, publication
or individual. I am sorry I cannot be of assistance to you;
however, you may be sure your communication will be made a
matter of record.
Sincerely yours,
I Eczar Icover
77
0O
Jobn Edgar Hoover
Director
NOTE: Butles contain no record of correspondent or Amale mated
Lying Saucer Clubs of America, Inc.
ED:jeg, (3)
сут.
0888
rottes.
• Poo St
easy.
ZU SEP 161955

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1261, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TRUE COPY
August 31, 1966
J. E. Hoover, F.B.I. Director
Wash. D. C.
Dear Sir:
I anya member of "Nicap" and am very much
interested in U.F.O (Flying Saucers)
Several weeks ago a fellow employee received a
letter (business) from Arizona with a stamp on the back (see
enclosed)
Being interested in U. F. O's I asked for the stamp
& sent $3. 00 for the 12 issues of AFSCA.
Having received & read my first Issue I feel it isn't
just what it appears on the surface. I can't say just why, but with
my limited idea of how communists operate it strikes me it is backed
by them.
My reason for writing this is that I consider mysel
a true American, I am told my ancestors go back to a Gr Gr Gr
Grandmother who was an Indian Squaw & I'm proud of it. Il, by
writing for this AFSCA Report, my name could in anyway be aligned
with the communist party, I would like to know if there is any way I
can get things straightened out.
I may be all wrong about my interpretation of this
report but I'd like to be sure since I expect I will get the other issues
as they come up.
REC 99,2 7:101-417
I will be 63 yre old in a few days. Mv husband passed
away 4-30-65 I have worked as
in Manchester N. H 44 years
Tons moron
Very truly yours
(Mrs)
SEP. 8
vew hampshire 03045
1/2/66
7/6/46

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 465, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Les oni da Bil linter
Gugunt 3! 1944
Deao Sisi:
dan a minter of dicap aud oun very much
sileretid in Ul. (.0° (Arlegiry Scaucua)
au the 12 vieue, of AFSC R.
Ha vig ssceinef ot Miad iny fuist waue of fal it ant just
einprond of it. elf by witing fo ti AFSCA Rigut,
w na sd in angut te alg wth the
coussenist garty, I would liheto tenow if thue in any
toe trycome up.
maichalen.H
lie 03045
rtgg h
DENCE
tet yeit cas montt,
Dery haily ryoe.
"ENCTOSOTE ATTACHED*
CORPE

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 20, "chars": 134, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
FLYING SABL
FLYINE
KATES FINIEE SANGER COMES
bera Pres. t9BL A.
i SA las
SALLERS
Officied
Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of America,

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 866, "chars": 5472, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SPECIAL
AFSCA CONVENTION
MESSAGE
BRIGHT WORLD IN HANDS OF SAUCER MOVEMENT
(Editor'& Note: This special message was
received frora Master Kalen-Li Retan (head of the
planet Korendor, about 400 light years distant) on
May 4, 1966 pia special directional short-wave radio
by Bob Renaud, the young electronic-technician whore
Since Bob's Initial radio contact in 1961, he har
talked with the crew of a apacecraft en he watched
them on hin special IV ecreen in hia home - and
eventually met his contacte in-person; vinited their
andersea and underground bases on our planet; was
taken aboard many of their spaceshipe:
actually allowed to pilot two of their small acout
crait - one on a chort aolo dight.)
"Kalo (Hello), friends. '
We will get direetly to
the point of our mensage to you. Frankly, we are
appalled at the state of Earth at present.
Despite our
constant waznings and even our actual intervention in
some instances, the condition upon your planet growe
steadily worse.
One subject on everyone's lipe there daya la
Vietnam. From a little civil war, it has grown
steadily and inexorably into a full acale conflict
between the world's three major powere: the United
States, the Soviet Union, and Communist China.
Many influential people bave uned the approach
of patriotism and love of God and Country to twist
decent human feelings into dangerous channels of
thought and action.
With their charges of treason and
sympathy with the enemy, they have aroused a good
portion of the populace to a state of fear, distrust.
and hatred of those who seek peace and love. Unfor-
tunately, because come unconventional individuale
have been desociated with the peace movement, that
entire operation bas been seriourly hindered.
Your government is a military puppet, & mere
parrot of the monstrosity that is the Military-Indus-
Your senators, except for a few, are
robots, speaking what they are told to say.
Your President in, unfortimately, a para of
their needs and demands.
We have contacted him
several times concerning the state of affairs, and he
has said that he could do nothing to change thers, for
it he were to speak out against the Arian conflict, he
would to removad.
This is what happened to the late
Mr. Konnedy who, in his great bumanitarianism, was
reluctant to nacrifice hir ideals and bir vizione for
the sake of the Military Industrial octopus.
He paid
the supreme penalty for his efforta in beball of
humanity.
Make no mistake. Your governrent is no
White Houre or the Congress.
IT IS IN THE F
CON, AND IN THE HEADQUARTERS OF THE
"DEFENSE"-ORIENTED INDUSTRIES, It is I
not the President or the Congressmen, who rul
United States.
Ibe facade government is mere
allay undue alarm or suspicion of the people.
Examine another arpect of the Asian mer,
ECONOMIC side.
Do you recall that, to the str
reports just zecenty, the Dow-Jones average
cropped sharply BECAUSE OF A RUMOR THAI
NORTH VIETNAM HAD MADE A PEACE BID!
the staggering implication of this news evade ye
Stock prices suffering & heavy lose because of :
sumor that peace might come to pass!
This thought is most distreasing.
Your eci
relies so beavily upon war and destruction, thal
mere to stop. THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY
WOULD SUFFER A MASSIVE DEPRESSION! Y
money system would collapse like a house of ea
Millions would be unemployed, sick, bungry aar
homeless, Iremendous Industrial complexen m
close thair sage,
The utterly appalling fact in this: WAR IS
PROFITABLE. Highly aol Every major conflic
been accompanied by & atrong peak in your mon
prosperity. Peace bas unually been economical
After World War I, the nation coanted for 1
upon the tat put on during the boom of the wat y
In 1929, the bottoms fell out.
After the Korean 1
in the 1950'» came another recesaion. What cor
after Vietnam? No one knows, and no one wanti
The war in Vietnam is bringing an unh
of degree of affluence in the United Stater. Why
a good thing by ending the war? The philosopy.
essence, is this: it is economically expedient te
military forces to Vietnam and elsewhere in Asi
order to wage war, because in doing so, the Uni
States' economy ie bolstered and maintained at i
level of prosperity: buman life is sacondary to!
preservation of economic mell-being!
made in the structure of your economy, mar wil
never end becaune the Military-Industrial compl
WON'T LET IT!
Many of you fear Comrauaiara. Where did 1
less come from, i set you? From vitia youre
NO! It was brainwashed into you by the Militar!
Industrial complex.
Who controls all your neve
media? The goverament and the advertisers.
tben, to in a position to dictate what shall be pri
FLYING SAUCERS INTERNATIONAL
ISSUE NO. 24
Official terraal of tho
JULY, "!
y Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of America, Inc.
International Headquarters: 2004 N. Hoover St., Los Angeles., Colif. 80027, U.S.A.
GABRIEL OREEN, Einor
Doctoried to
HELEN OREKH, dan Id.
The Physical, Spirtual, and
Expremie Emancipation el Ale
A Non-profit Orgon
FLYING SAUCERS INTERNATIONAL (6 ienues-$3.00. ¿notice will be enclosed in the inet insue for which
Memberehip-$1. 00) is published quarterly. Copyright
havs paid. New subacriptions will start with the la
© 1965 by Amalgamated Flying Saucer Clubs of
insue published, unless a apecific atarting insue n
Ameried. All righta reserved. The information
ber la requested. Mhen writing to AFSCA for a re
presented in "Flying Saucere International" does not
BIciDas antamped bell-addrerBed enralone, Not
75100%
Mosai do as sail Mando Pa 1

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 1129, "chars": 6620, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ari.
The Military-Induatrial comf
lar opinion-control
through the use of paycho-polsucainwashing by
controlled pere managerent).
Consider this: In order to eurvive, a commer-
cial mediura, such as a newepaper or magazine,
requires a vast amount of advertiaing revenue.
mere subscription fees will not cover the conte.
Thus, they depend for their continued exietence upon
money paid by advertisere. Suppose, then, that the
editor of a certain newapaper decides that be ie
opposed to dhe Vietnam policy, and eaya eo la hie
"The advertisers simply say to the editor.
"Either you toe the raark and print what we want, 0r
we'll withdraw our advertising.*
Such pressures are a fact of life. The newsmen
are fort tetwees their tigher devotion to Truth, end
aldo to the lower level of their physical needs.
Rather than jeopardize their security and their
futures they. of course, submit meekly to power.
Their actions are fully understandable, and me do not
hold thera responsible.
We throw the blame directly on the Military
Induatrial complex which, by ite underhanded dealing.
Threate offorce,
and economic prenaure and retali-
ation, bas crusbed the epirit of American Journalioma
and turned it from a dynamic motivating force in
American life into a meak-willed, subservient
mouthpiece for the power-masters. We blame tem
for the death of journalistic freedom and individuality!
One more comment on this topic: May 1 say that
a better economic system in already known to the
leaders of the Flying Saucer Movement. It is the
system known as Univerzal Economice.
said over and over before, it in the non-money
economic system which MUST be applied on your
planet before you can start to reaolve most of your
major problems and thus begin to establish & highly-
advanced, Don-deatructive state of existance on
Earth, much as we of more advanced planete have
enjoyed for so long.
INVESTICATE THIS SYSTEM
to evaluate it for its merit - then ACT to apply it!
YOUR VERY SURVIVAL AS A CIVILIZATION MAY
Perhaps this is an opportune time to clariiy a
few questions which have been asked about us.
Do we of Korendor work with the local piznets
in our operations? Yes, we do cooperate with them
a great deal. However, our work on barth in
relatively independent of the local planets.
many times overatepped what is considered to be the
limit of interference upheld by Venus. Mare, and
other planets. This bas caured a good deal of debate
between thern and un. Each time we have polnted out
that me of Korendor are basically pragmatic in nature.
Altbough we do respect the laws of self-destiny, we
feel also that where stepping la is required to prevent
disaster, it is our right and our duty to do so.
We have interfered In such places as the United
States, China, Russia, and on e large scale in
Vietnam. This has caused no end of conaternation in
the local Tribunal of Planets.
We are sympathetic to
their viewpoint, but me do feel that their policy in
limited in ito capacity to achieve she deaired goals.
it is our opinion that one cannot stand on the sideline.
and achieve any noticeable results.
As I have said before, we have infiltrated your
planet.
we are directly involveo in barth's file.
You might say that you have been invaded — • atron
azy of phrasing it, to be sure, but nonetheless
factual, since we walk and work amongst you daily!
We have been asked about our physical appear-
We are humanoid, indistinguishable from
yourselves, except that in our natural lorra we arer-
ge three to four feet in beight. Every other dimen-
Wear ble to increaro our height wh
Earth throud 1
=hnical process related
tation. It is concerned with recording the
molecular structures of our bodies,
and th
ducing them identically on a larger ecale.
ences in our internal structure are adjuste
computer which controls the reproducer.
Our most common skin color in a littl
than yours, although we bave akin colors y
as youre do all over the Earth..
Usually. I
we would look "tan"' to you.
We are NOT
or beliotrope, de bas been auggested!
Concerning our language, we generall
of two tongues and we are fairly familiar "
On Korendor itself we speak the native lan
Korandian.
It to sirallas in many saye to
languages since it, like yours, was origina
from Galingua, one of the two universzi tor
The other is Solex Mal, mbich ie more far
you, aince it in used by your local Solar Sy
planets.
It le seldom heard now in our see
•pace, in Galingua has replaced it almost
Unlike you own, however, the Koren
Galinguan speech ta very rhythmic, and bar
sibilant sounds, such as """ or
"2". Some
sharper sounds like "e" and "k"' are minima
• beautiful language which in mery musical
pleasant to hear.
Perhaps you would be surprised to lea
ancient Latin was liberally taken from Gali
There are many similarities in the two lan
Even modern Engliah bas roots on other we
In concluding my message to you, may
people of Earth: open up your minds and y
to the world around you.
Ihere te do mucl
learned, so much to be discovered. Don't
precious hours and daya in bigotry and ign
and in eenseless fighting and killing. To d
truly a crime against nature and bumanity.
At this stage where you have the very i
almost in your grasp, bow irrational and b
is to spend futile hours warring with your l
As an old saying on your world puts it: "A
your bed, no shall you lie in it." The deci
not seem difficult. Here are the alternativ
world living in bartony, justIce, Becuriy
dance lot al, or a world continuing to text
bloody harveste that grow from the seeds o
and mistrust.
If left to their own devices.
majority of mankind will forge onward to a
destruction and annihilation, oblivious to th
in their actione. They are abort-rightedi
little for the future.
It 1 you new age people, dedicated t
fare of all mankind, and having the vision
standing of the ways to bulld the better wor
tomorrow, who must lead the way.
You ba
future in YOUR banda, If you will but shoul
responsibilitice. The Flying Saucer Moven
you call it, belonge to you. Support it in e
possible. Help it to grow until it is influen
thoughout your world. Go out into the worl
guide the mi guided, tind the ioni, and reco
etraye, We are behind you all the way. An
said many times before, me will take two at
every one that you take to belp yourselves.
The tire has come for rations to "bur)
hatchet", to clasp bands, and plunge into th
togetber - in co-operation toward mutual y
Look to the beavens and realise that yo
Is not in blenk atomic desolation, but in the
cent greatners that you cas achieve if you w
Fosk for it. Choose the right path and you!
qualify so Join with us is our journeys amon

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 697, "chars": 4796, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
J0AM
INVOCATION: Dr. Frank E, Stranges.
HA WILCOX
AESCA Unit Directora
reynota Addrese: CABRICH GREEN,
"From Earth to Alpha
Meeting. 1ho50 Inter-
10:50
thing Big in Happening'. Introduction of
Centauri"
Chi ChisE
ested in forming
•peakere l gaucer movamant personales
Standing Horse.
11:00
WAYNE ANO
HANNU MAY BERRY
ABCA Units invited..
DR. Frank STRANOES
11:30
"Sectecy Must Goran
"The Hollow fert
People Must Know!"
Irlangulum"
Mystery"
ChiOrteo Angeluccl
Chi Lama Mando
11:5DAM 20 1:30PM LUNCH
Space Tape a (22:15-15))
LUNCH
Chi Orfeo Angelusel
Space Tapeal 225-2251
1:30
Chlet Standing Horee
CARL ANDERSON
MICHAEL BARTON
Flying Saucer Council
masking flor all speak.
are only). Chi Caba
UrBan: Diacuazion of
waye to improve *ilect-
irenote of Flying Sauc-
er Movement Come pre-
pared with suggeations.
Space Tapes(12:15-1;15)
"My & Day Trip to
"I Was Teleported Into
"UFO's and World
$ 70
MAT», Venus, Clarion,
A Flying Saucer"
& Orion" Chi. Mol Noel
Prophesy"
Ch:
Mel Host
Chi G. Green
2130
HOPE TRONGL
"Evolved Man of tas
CALVIN CIRVIN
DR. GEORGE KING
$720
StatE"
"* Was an Agent for the
"The Nine Freedoras".
Extraterrestriale"
Chi Michael Barton
Chi Wen Balemanu
Cha Wayne Ahe
3:30
3:40
4130
MOLLIE THOMPSON (Space Age Song)
MOLLIT THOMPSON
(Space Age Songs)
HOWARD MENCER
HANNO MAYBERRY
DR. DANIEL W. FET
WESLEY BATEMAN
"Journey to the Moon":
"Contact With & 7 Foot
"The White Sanda
"The Frequency
Tall Spacemen'
incident".
Barrier"
Chafrman: Hal Wilcox
ChiCh.Standing Horse
Chi Georgs Van Taesal
Ch: Marianne Francis
4:44
"A Space Beings Viait
5:30
DA Space Being Ville
MARIANNE FRANCIS
GABRIEL GREEN
ORFEO ANGELUCCI,
"StarcIal Contact"
"Abundant New Woris:
"Saczat of tha
to the Pentagon"
The Promies for Tomy
Saucore"
Chairman:
Den Say
Ch: Hanno Mayberry
morrow"Ch:f.Strangos
Cha Hanno Mayberty
5:30 to 7:00PM
DINNER
WESLEY BATEMAN
Space Tapes (6:15-7:151
DINNER
LAURA MUNDO
Spaco Tapar(6i5-7251
7:00
SIDNEY PADRICK
HOPE TROXELL
Saucer Researchers
"2 Houra Aboard an
"Temples of the High
.7:50
8:00
3110
"Flying Saucer
Propulsion" (Sitdon)
ExtraterreatrialSpace
Places"
Ch: Sid Padrick
Responaibility to Hu-
manity" Chilt Menger,
ship" Chi Wi
Mengst
MOLLIE THOMPSON
Ch: Carl Anderson
MOLLIE THOMPSON (Space Age Songe)
брась Ago 5ongs)
MEL NOEL "Inventi»
gating Flying Saucere
MICHAEL BARTON
GEORGE Van IASSEL.
Chiol Standing Horze
"Flying Saucer Slide
9:00
Incide the U.S. Air
Photon*
'Spaceship Contact at
Giant Rock!
"Chriatmas 1962 an
Forse" Chi G, Green
Jupiter"
Chairman: Ha, Wilcox
Ch: George King
Ch: Calvin Clevin
DR. DANIEL W. FRY
DRFEO ANCELUCCI
COLOR MOVIE:
LAURA MUNDO
"The Curvo of Devoi-
"Concret Evidence".
"Wo Have Seen Tan
"Flying Saucers and
10:00
apment"
Chaitman: Std Pedrick
Saucers!
the fathez'" Plan"
Chi Wayne Ah.
Chi George Van Taase.
Ch: Marlanne Francin
10:10
quentias Pexion, Writ- Written questione
Question Period: Writ-
Written questions
LUNCH
CARL ANDERSON
"Kamar, Wonder Man
From Mare!
Chi Frank Stranget
CEORGE Van TASSES
"Flying Saucet marie»
ing at Edwarde Air
Force Base" ChiD. 3Y
MOLLIE THOMPSON
DR, GEORCE KING
"Physicel Space Con+
tact in Hollywood"
Ch: Michael Barton
WAYNE AHO
"Flying Saucers and
the Latter Daya!
Ch: Carl Anderson
DINNER.
HOWARD MENGER
"Fred Energy: Toror-
row'e Rovolutionary
Power" Ch: Ceo, King
MOLLIE THOMPSON
DAN FRY
"Saucer Movice"
GABE GREEN
"Saucer Slider"
Question Pariod: Writ-
ten quertione answered
by Main Hall speakare.
Chairman: Gabe Creen
convantion Clos
SIDNEY PADRICK
"Saucer Ride-1965"
Chi wee Bateman
(Space Age Songs)
CALVIN GIRVIN
"Moon Mystaries
Rovested"
Ch: G. Green
MARIANNE FRANCIS
"Messages From Our
Space Brother*"
Ch: Calvin Girvin
Space Tapes (615-745)
HAL WILCOX
"Zemkla, Interplane-
tary Avatar"
Ch: Laura Mundo
(Space Are Songs)
MEL NOEL "I Photo-
grephed Flying Saucers
ze an Air Force Fizht»
er Pilot" Chit, Ironell
Wrltien Questione
answered by today's
Gold Room speakers.
Chalrman: Mol Hosl
ter questions Anewared
answered by today's
anawered by today'e
11:00
by Main Hall speakere;
Gold Room spartare.
by Main Hall apezkara.
Gold Room «pestere.
Cr. Gabrial Green
Ch: Michael Barion
Chairman: Gabe Green Chi Frank Stranges
The appearance of the aposkere on Our PrOZIAM doGs
you with an opportuntty to hear and to evalu.
not constitute an endorsoment by AFSCh of their in-
ate Flying Saucer Movement speakert and
No smoking permitted in lockure and exhibit
halla, Tho Dick Miller Space Tapes playod at
formation or vlewpoints. In the American tradition
their infozmation..
You be the judge.
junch and dinnor noure aro all differont.
of fredom of information and ideas, AFSCA providen
To pod pace songs by
Bob Matcus.
Prostam subject lo chance
wishuus notico.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, contact: APSCA HEADQUARTERS, 2004 N. Hoover St.; Los Angalas, California 90027.
Phone: tb:-4404x
A-6t.

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 721, "chars": 4918, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A-SCA
8 Smith St.: Seattle, Wash.
Publish: "The Aquarian Dawn" (Donation basis).
2. CARL A, ANDERSON:
2522 E.
Peareon Ave.i Fullerton, Callf.
3. OREEO ANGELUCCI:
160 Verdugo Roadi Los Angeles, Calls. 90065
4. MICHAEL
*» BARTON:
Futura Prase
5949 Gregory Ave.i Hollywood, Calif. 90038.
Phone: 464-0441.
5. WESLEY BATEMAN; Mental Investigations of New
Dimensions (M. I. N. D.); 4916 Franklin Ave,;
Hollywood, Calif. 90027. Phone: 661-1731.
Publish: "Prism" (12 ieeuer-$3. 00).
6. MARIANNE FRANCIS: Solar Light Center;
Rt.
2, Box 572-C; Central Point, Oregon 97501.
Publish: "Starcraft" (4 issuer-$2. 00).
7. DR. DANIEL W. FRY: Understanding, Inc.i
p.o.
Box 105; Merlin, Oregon 97532.
Publish:
"Understanding" (12 issuer-$2, 50).
à. CALVIN G. GIR VIN:
6711 Yucca St.:
Hollywood, Calif. 90028
9-CADe of AmeriCa, L. 2004N. Hoover Saucer
2004 N. Hoover St.i
Los Angeles, Calit: 90027.
Phone: 662-4404.
Publish: "Flying Saucere International"
(6 ismues-$3.00).
7. DR. CEORGE KING; Ibe Actherius Society:.
6202 Aiton Place: Hollywood, Calif. 90028.
Publish: "The Aetherius Society Newsletter"
(Donation basia). .
Phone: 465-9652.
THE COCKEYED BALLAD
Ihere's a cockeyed feeling in the world today
That power polities is bere to stry.
But China, Russia and the U.S.A.
Joy-don't let them fool yout
Take a look at this morid of ouro,
Just one mud ball in the sea of atars.
Orber planets bave no color-bars,
"Cause they've got perspective.
Yanke and Ruskie put men into space,
Jut it'e all » mad politician'• race,
Jae-up-manship in thie Year of Grace.
I makes you giggle.
The population stande and atares.
While maso in capaules explore upataira.
Why we can't even manage our own affairo!
-some citok, colonization!
or astired
Besides, they've got people on Venue and Mars.
They got lade and lasses and ma's and pa'e.
ind they've got better transport than four-wheel CRIB.
lave you ever seen 'em?
Thoae Flying Saucers whisking through our skies
Muat take some power to make them rice.
But government departments just hide their eyea,
And eall them meteora!
ent ur his their eye,
vith all the lies that they print and about,
be general public'a got its work cut out-
iguring what it' a all about.
it just you kepp on trying.
I suppose you low why I'ratelling you this,
So you won't shriek or shake your fiat
When you discover Martians do exiet!
They're real nice fellowe.
know, 'cause I met one a week ago!
lie ship came down for an hour or eo.
le talked to me, but then he had to go.
eal interested I was!
Got brothers on Venus and Saturn, it geeras-
ly their shipe on magnetic bears.
They wear one piece suits- you can't see any ceams;
CONVENTION
SPEAKERS
11. JOHANNE, "H" NO" MAYBERRY:
Unified Resear.. Center.
P. O. Box 764; Selma, Oregon 97538.
I2. HOWARD MENGER;
202 Schumann Drive: Sebastian, Florida 329
LAURA MUNDO; The Interplanetary Center:
27359 Cranford Lane:
Dearborn Heights, M-
Publiab: "The Interplanetary Newa" (
14. MEL NOEL:
2760 Hollyridge Drive: Hollywood, Calif. 90
15. SIDNEY PADRICK
T9b Hidden Valley Road: Watsonville, Calli.
16. CHIEF FRANK B. STANDING HORSE:
AFSCA Unit 19: RE. 2, Bax I94, (27401 Hury.
Perrie, Calif 92370.
Phone: 657-2873.
17. DR. FRANK E, STRANGES:
International Evangeliera Crusades, Inc.;
P. O. Box 252; Venice, Calif. 90293.
MOLLIE THOMPSON:
Linton, Antley Bark, Darwen, Lanes., Engla
HOPE TROXELL; Scool of Thought;
P.O. Box 458; Independence, Calil. 93526.
GEORGE W. VAN TASSEL:
Ministry of Univereal Widor, Inc.
P.O. Box 458; Yucca Valley,
call. 222-
"Proceeding"" (Donation los i4
21, HAL WILCOX:
Ynatitute of Parapaychology:
871 Gower St.i
Hollywood, Calif. 90038.
Phone: 469-5438.
SPACE AGE SONGS by Mollie Thompaon
SPACE-TALK
The powers that be will tell us we're alone.
They'll tell us that in apace we are unique;
On this little desert saland me call Eartb
The human race in just a kind of freak.
When we send our envoye into space
There'll be a smile upon this planet's face.
'Cause brother, right out there I'm telling y
There's another human race; it'e very true!
They're a very, very peaceful crowd,
For they just never go to wat.
And they cannot interfere.
This is by Universal Let-
2517 -
The spaceman'» menuage to un all
Is based on bow to banish fear,
And if we only anderstand,
We will find it beaven bere.
While we must rely Or war,
We never will be happy here.
While this world's economy
Is baned on hardebip, etrife and fear.
How do they live without & wat
In their lande of milk and honey?
They don's need economy,
Because they don't use any money!
They cannot give us any ships.
So we must try and build our own.
But they are waiting right out thare,
Oh, my friends, we're not alonel
How do they go at such great speed,
And vanish then without prediction!
Because they une ires energy.
And there ian't any friction.
Brother bave you seen their ebipe ?
Sintere have you seen them flor.
As they dance and hover in the sky.
And make our fastest jets look slow?

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 494, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NEW SAUCER PHOTOS: These remarkable photos of Flying Saucere were taken by Dr. Daniel W. Fry,
President of Understanding, Irc.. of P.O.
Box 76, Merlin, Oregon 97532. Your editor enlarged ther
frora the original 16mm color movie film, Spote on the photos are due to the extreme enlargement of
acratches and duat spots on the film.
Of apecial interest is the fact that the sare type of craft was
pbotographed near Merlin, Oregon in e mooded section, and again pear Joshua Tres. Calif, on the des

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 512, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
nora hesita
lying Saucers Are
'oppin' Up All Over
One Shot
By Man
In Maine
MYS
OBJE
IN
AIRLINER DETOURS
TO CHASE U.F.O.
This Patico Trad
LFO se sister
lying swamp
1d0, 396d
*Flying saucer pies on show
•. Force UFO
hort refuled
proton Oraga dainian
shorth it. loot
40 See
Asks Probe of Flying Saucers
Fand Bego U. 84
Pablic Sborald
Get A
DEMETE
'Flying Saucer
Michigan
UFO Lands
Lu Swamp
HOPP
Firsl
No
• Lease Ilying saucers
Ro Canadian
states
BREWER Welcomes
UFOs
LANDING SITES AVAILABLE
Sanes- Barry SeRe MAYOR

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 259, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Martians Ars Triching Ba
Who's in All
Those Saucers:
15 dersil ferrien
He caro
(
THE SWAMP GAS IS
RESTLESS TONEHT.
Pian i C. its foss
Fia
ELPHIA FROUTER,
MONDAY
UFO Plays Tag With Deputies in 85-Mile Chase
Mysterious Sky Objects Have Texans in Dither
#-*5-to

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 52, "chars": 358, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•IVII
Vatches
OLDẾN GATE
ndicape Resülts
TEAR NO. 19
Eerie 1896 Sighting
'Flying Saucer
akland tribune
RESISAY, REACH 2L 1901
87 Coeds
Observe
'Object'
..THE KEY POON
• ENCOUNTEN WIIN A SPACE BHIP "..
I Know WhatISaw';
Egg-Shaped Craft
* GALLUP POLL
han 5 Million People
ey Saw Flying Saucers
Two to Loun
Caim They Saw
Slowing UFO
Sherif
fistes
Chose A DFO;

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2288, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
z-6 16
elievers Convene
AOUNEAPOLIS TRIALISE
Mast Masts Barsta
They eccepi spacecralt *e
DE ANGELES, Calif
fact of file Their Isterest
ravine
nant municationd
contacting epa
rectig or through M
i the thousands of statore
Green
# ester spuce
for president es
dy are dircling tbe
afforded
solemn
earth
cendidste
* bet this meckerd at
ocial contraticas el try.
aucer batis
800 dete
be this s
The
visitoe
four sere tell and
came from
tre
Alpha
Centauri gelsI
8E B
ETTUEFLATT
ed
Standing
rishwomen
who regularly
cutes.
ever-festured
Weakey
fonversationi
but
tast
be
compunsonica
trough teis
book
inE
* presidential candidate
paigning ed
thes
maying
→ RE
mabled in a cavernone en
chosent called th
Coacke.
Blar-
and with
BEET
resular
denseil
milt
tarde,
black Las
Was KEpt BUsy FIgNIDE
up "stidlents."
Then is so mystery as to
shether
stea
ags sung us
matis going te h
fiying
Saucers
2-3-66
I the
Abse
поти
Doe
REPORT SIGHTING OF 'SAUCER'
Too it was elatined th
they supracked the ott.
realizated
an aimly a pres can
tie object had
water sit
scheatiste
abs examined fee
spot
officers wald Dan
Lee,
heart
take
Десть,
thri
the
saed
of the liste
THE BOSTON HAZALO, PUIDAT, SET. 1% İN
BROTHER JUNIPIX BY MR JUSTIN HALASTNT & LIN KINO
dATUA
"Saucer" Is Forgot
HERALD NEWS
PETER & DVARACIL
Coman
• ONCAP)
Toes
ricited
Cab
Flying
ing Object
shted in Illinois
ORMAL, 11.-P-B0
best satel
tibey
dentified frie
he
abjec
had four
white,
asslerty
fare
prom
Carely.
thes
made
MASCA
Lions
tina
all
Aging
Actually
Milit
Nether coeT
UFO spotted 5-16-
66
PASADENA
mainted
Boden
of MICAP.
table
TRE BRETI D8 18L9 S
way night misting sharp
the
Tuesday
at 6
cipal
Dolore
le and of let a te
the aret
These fiying soucer stories ore
getting more sciat
PC REPORTS T
• SAW 6 FLYING
SAUCERS...*=
POLICE CONSTABLE Denald Cameren mace out a repart
last night and hoper the chief Constable movie believe
that he really DID see six lying saucers.
Pc Cameron mes at home on sick leave when he looked out
#indor and
saw six glowing objects hoverine in the distance.
trine things and eulled my wue.
be said lest!
rafched them for •bout 30 arcords miore they desppear
Police KeptBusy
Paterson News
Jar 15, 1966
Spotters Jam Up-County
Roads for UFO Glimpse
RINGTOOD - I te
do they hept
earthly
et camitatin
sad salad
wide sporad

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 123, "chars": 750, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
gulatone
New 'Fireball' Raises
As Old Question: Do
Flying Saucers Exist?
Californien, Wo "Talks' to Mea
From the Stars, Says Yes;
Ecientite Ass Air Forsel
By ELIOT Cast
back The
ed a fore
London, UnI
3-26-b0
100 Wash UFO
Disc-Like Object Hovers, Rises
For Two Hours East of Kettle Point
UTO sighting tate reasse
the
Foliot set
as the the at ta.
Late Mana
Flyin
sauct
myste
band ste
Stati
Frette
Ho
Artie
Dr.
than
that
wE Flying Saucers
Goin Propotcht
MET TORK - The sepher
dartled
America's
на, прост
Detroil
report
sled
"The
cigtibor:
ittes,
trades fo
baracterialeci
UN Watch For Saucers Ur
UNITED MATIONS, MZ,
••*•
STRANGE OBJEC
OVER MT WILS
bount milace
It didn't catch seas
1-18-66
Report Tia
• Forpol It
I Hope Ench Credibilly Probless ds is Is

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 68, "chars": 415, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
voma lou beneve-saucer VIsis H Icnita:
Esky Near
"Bloom dale
-ESE
Planet Plute
Saucers Ser
Talked Witl
LET STRI
O Sighting Reported Here
Boy Is Burned
By Flying Ship'
THOSE SPACE PEOPLE CHIAT
#- It do
Flying Saucers,
Quakes Linked
BATI DI
¡ysterious UFO'
corts Burns Plane
=**
eorite
es Orer
thoast
LY LIGHIED
Polic
"The Thing' Sets Britons
A Second
UFO Seen
In Michigan
SAUCER BLAST? SIX
TOWNS SEE MYSTERY
SAIL
Ob

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 369, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NOUSEALS
-p+
Assia Antation Motorose 1
THAt ON PERLICATI
Tracked by Radar
UFOs Sighted Over Wide Section of District
CELLITE
lotstor, sayscollector Swump gus slill ilying'
f flying saucer photos
i a Raised
DUCE CHIEF CONVINCED THEY SAW SOMETHING
Six Teens Tell of 'Chase' by Buzzing, Lighted UF
SIDES
2013125
abase Frater Cha
na Dacso
Super Space World
Deputy Gets Too

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 952, "chars": 6227, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*YING SAUCER NEWS IN P' EF
COMING 1966 FLYING SAUCER CONVENTIONS
JULY 8,9,10: AFSCA'• 3rd National Convention,
entennial Coliseum, Reno, Nev. (See detailo on back)
JULY 15, 16,17: WAYNE AHO aponsore the
orthwest'& 5th Annual Interplanetary Age Conven-
on Lecturee: exhibite and New Age topice.
Ado
ance registrations - $1.00 per day for adulte, 50€
i students. Write to: Mro. Lorena Vogt: 815 N.E,
10th; Sextile, Warb.
AUGUST 6 thru 14th: DR. NEVA DELL
UNTER'S I2th Annual Quimby Conference of Iran-
ition. Lecturer and discuerione on New Age Topica,
cluding the stars, acierce and metapbyaice.
mely acenic country at a bezutiful, modero motor-
stel. $2.50 per day, attendance. Information from:
vimby Center; P. O. Box 453; Alamogordo, N. M.
AUGUST 19.20, 21: SPACE RESEARCH, Inc."=
*cond Annual Convention, at the North Branch
MCA in Spokane, Washington.
e Spokane River. Indoor and outdoor convention
stivities. For information, write to: Space
esearch Inc.. No. 6815 Julia, Spokane,
OCTOBER 22, 23: GEORGE VAN TASSEL'S 13th
mnual Spececraft Convention at Giant Rock, Calif, in
e desert 17 miles north of Yucca Valley.
aur own camping equipment and enjoy the outing.
OCTOBER 29, 30: 10th ANNUAL NORTHERN
ALIFORNIA SPACECRAFT CONVENTION, Clare-
ont Hotel, Berkeley, Calif. Info: Angela Kilaby:
165 Montgomery Blvd.; San Francinco, Calif. 94127.
OUR NEW NAME: Our magazine, formerly
¡led "UFO International", has now become "Flying
ucers International", which we leel to be a more
propriate title, since Flying Saucers are no longer
¡identified Flying Objects se far as me are concern-
Flying Saucere have become a deríous issue
th thinking people all over the world.
We believe
at mont of the objects which have been nighted have
en of extraterreatrial origin, controlled by intelli-
at being. who, lo formi, are very much like us.
isrefore, de hope you will underatand qur Feasona
r changing titles, and that you will continue to
joy reading our publication under ite new banner.
DR. RAYMOND BERNARD, founder of the
osophical Society of Santa Caterina, Brazil, passed
ay on Sept. 10, 1965.
He was the author of "The
"low Earth" and severat other books concerned
th the hollow earth theory.
MARIA ELLIOTT, contactee, paychic and
inder of Maria Creative Womanhood Foundation,
= a recent guest on the Bob Grant Radio Show, and
: Pamela Mason TV Show. Clamorous Maria now
= ber own program every Tuesday afternoon at
10 p.m. on KTYM radio. She may be seen in
reon every Wed. evening at Holland House Restau-
at, 8:00 p.m. in the downstairs meeting roots.
Interesting program may be heard on New Age
pica, and free readinge are given. For more
osmation about Maria's appeszancas, classes,
i phone 657-1631, or write: Dr. Maria Illiott;
13 Sunset Plaza Drive: Los Angeles, Calif. 90069.
DR. GEORGE KING, founder of the Aetherius
siety, was bost at the official opening of the
ciety'e sew beadquartere as 6202 Astor Place: Los
geles, Calif, 90028;
эдтато Dr. King personally escorted us around the
rective quartere.
ace Being in physical form had vinited there
santly for an hour and fifteen minutes and, after
walking around the premises, left bis blessing
Aetherius Society and its work.
For further in
ation call 405-9652, or write to the abore addre
DELLA LARSON, mbo for over a decade v
riding light and main instigator of Flying bauc
meetingo ano activities in the San Francisco BI
Area, panned suzy on October 25, 1965. Sbe =
70 years old. She will be remembered for bar
energetie and enthuriantic dedication to the goat
the Flying Saucer cause, as well ne for the high
auccessful annual Northern California Space Cr
Conventions which she organized for rise years
(Delle, we salute yout)
MAX MILLER, former publiaher of the non
defunct "Saucera" magazias, and author of "Fly
Saucore: Fact or Fiction" (now out of priat), be
set role.
He in now editos- publisher of "Rodl"
asine which may be found on the nevatendo for 9
The Auguet 'Do insue devotes about half of ite aF
the Flying Saucer eubject and will be wall worth
investigation.
March 5, 1966.
contacta with soveral Space Beings, including M
of Mars. He also wis the co-author = with bis
Evelyn - of the book "We of the New Dimension
Altbough he was a native of Missouri be bad, in
recent years, been a resident of Los Angeles an
Morongo Valley, Calif. (Good journey, will!)
HOPE TROXELL, founder of the School of
Thought, now situated in Lodependence, Calif. (1
Box 458), reported recently that the neighboring
towne ol Biabop and Lone Pine bad partial black
during an evening channel (teltpathic) session sh
baving with the Space Brothere.
Ibe lighta in Is
pendence ment out completely for several minute
a gradual fade-out, and then came on again in th
During this time, the Space Beir
speaking through Hope said to those prement:
afraid.
We are guardians of the race. Protecti
"ill be given to those in thé ároà."
HAL WILCOX made & fine guest appearance
the Joe Pyne TV Show, April 30. 1966. Hal pas
the lie-detector test with flying colors and condu
hirself with dignity and fortitude, bich isn't al
easy on the Joe Pyne Show. During the test, Ha
stated that he bad taken a sauces ride to vinit thu
second planet froma the star, Alpha Centauri.
M. I.N. D. stande for Mental Investigations
New Dimensions, an organization recently forta
Wenley and JoNell Bateraan.
Their activities in
meetings, courees and public appearances. The
have demonstrated on several occRaBions for gr
of up to 20 people, their ability to telepathically
direct the movements of visable apacecraft over
Write: M. LN. D.; 4916 Franklin Ave.; Hollywo
Califorair 90027. Phone: 661-1731•
HELEN & GABRIEL GREEN contributed the
bit to the education of pearly 300.000 young peor
the eaucer subject at the Teen-Age Fair, April.
10 at the Hollywood Palladiura, where AFSCA ba
booth to exhibit saucer photos, abow slides, and
disseminate information.
We banded out over 1.
brochures and saucer photo poet carde, and talk
ourselves hoarse answering questiona for 12 hou
each day. Gabriel also rande over a dozen radi
TV appearances and interviews during the Fair.
We also had another booth at the National
Aviation and Asroopace Exhibition et the Pan Pa
Auditoriura, May 17 tbru 22. Yos, we've bees t

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 924, "chars": 5837, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LYING SAUCER NEWS IN -*IEF
NEW BOOKS NOW AVAILABLE FROM AESCA:
Price includes 15f mailing charge. California
esidenta also add 49 galea tax.)
COUNCIL OF SEVEN LICHTS by George Vas
annel, now reprinted - $3.65.
THE ADVENT OF THE COSMIC VIEWPOINT by
ryant Reeve - $6. 15.
FLYING SAUCERS THROUGH THE AGES by Paul
homar - $4. 15.
OTHER TONGUES, OTHER FLESH by George
unt Williameon, sow reprinted - $6.10.
SECRET OF THE ANDES by Brother Philip-$4.
FLYING SAUCERS AND THE THREE MEN by
Ibert K. Bender - $4.15.
FLYING SAUCERS - SERIOUS BUSINESS by
rank Edwards - $6.10.
INCIDENT AT EXETER by John G. Fuller -$6.10.
THE HOLLOW EARTH by Di. Raypaond Bernard,
on avallable agala in sofi cover dor $3. 15,
- PAST CONVENTIONS & SAUCER ACTIVITIES:
(EBRUARY 5.6. T966: DF. Frank E. Stranges 1t
nual UFO Space and Science Convention was beld at
i Blarney Castle inn Annex in Los Angeler.
NINE 4, 5,6, 1966: Dr. Daniel W. Fry'e Man in
pace Symposiura took place at Dunsmuir, near Mt.
aste in Northern Calfornia.
UNE 25.26, 27, 1966: Buck Nelson's 10th Annual
acecraft Convention war beld at Buck'a Mountain
iev Ranch; Route 1, Box 236; Mountain View, Mo.
BACK ISSUES of UFO INTERNATIONAL are до
aling It isues for •3.00, while they iast (issue
Il is now out of print).
There is much timeless and
¿luable information available in there magazines.
OUT OF PRINT: 1.
FLYING SAUCERS: TOP
SCRET by Major Donald E. Keyhoe is now out of
int, although it is listed in our new brochure.
ome saucer books bave occasionally gone out of
"int mitbout notice.)
BACK ISSUES 16 and I1 are now out of print. We
ill have only a tew copies left of 19 which we have
iced at $1, 00 each in an effort to preserve them for
rious researchere and collectora.
der these iteme, or any other materialu mhich me
• not advertise.
PRICE CHANGE: The price bao gone up on tro
• the better known booke in the saucer field, which
i must now order from England: 1. THE SKY
COPLE Dy BriDsIny le PORt Trench, ver $4.65.
is nose $5. 10, postpaid, 2. ROAD IN THE SKY by
'orge Hunt Williamson, was $4. 15.
It la now $5.10,
atpaid. California residents please add 44 tex.
"UFOI" ISSUE 123 CORRECTIONS: Page 4, line
the date abould be April 24, 1964, instead of
65. On page 4, line 1 of the 7th paragraph, sneert
ater, via telepathy" efter "They told him ....
SEATTLE, WASHINGTON area seridenta please
ke: AFSCA Unit #25 meeta every 4th
Friday at the
attle Public Library, Room 325 at 7:30 P.M.,
der the capable direction of Mr. Leverett G.
The meeting in free, and all who ere
Brested in the Flying Saucer subiect are invited to
me to listen and to participate in the discuasion..
ZIP CODES ARE IMPORIANT: If the address
al on thie magasine doen not have your sip code
mber on it, please notify ue as to what your num-
al Pout Office and then let us knoss.
• once and then erue know: Thanke
AFSCA BROCHURES AND SAUCER-PHOTO
ST CARDS, sent to friends and acquaintances, are
ood way to help apread the word about Flying
Saucers. Brochures are 1f each (this just e
the postage to mail thern to you), Saucer por
are 50 for $1,00.
WHEN WRITING AFSCA, I you wish & P
reply to a apeculic inquiry, please enclose s
self-addressed envelope. No replies can ota
be sent.
"Ceneral information rosy be obtaine
our brochures and magazines. We are Borry!
cannot have & lengthy correspondence with ai
hundreds of persons mho would like us to do i
unfortunately we have neither the tirne not th
for it - and our mail has been greatly incier
the last for months.
SAUCER NEWS CLIPPINGS: Your resp
been wonderful! We've received no many cli
from you belpful people that we sinply hadn'
•pace to print all your individual namer and.
So we say a big wad sincere THANKS to all oi
And please do keep 'era coriog! (One remin
please DON'I write on or sear the clippinge.
WEDDING BELLS rang or Saturday, Jan
for contactee Elary J. Willeis and Sophis Ma
Olivares of Mexico City. The ceremony took
at Los Angeles, California, Arong those pr
vere Sophia's parente and ber younger sister
Mexico City: Mrs. Maud Willnie, mootber of
groom; and your editor, who was also officia
rapher for the occarion.
Mr. And Mrs. Will
live in Los Angeles. Congratulations and ber
Elary and Sorcer
MEL NOEL, former Air Force Lloutena
fighter pilot, in fast becoming very well know
lectures on his amazing experiences with Fly
Saucers while on active duty to the service.
been sperking to capacity crowde wherever b
On Thuraday, June 23, 1966, the personable
Noel spoke to a standing-room only crowd at
Aeronautical Sciencer Building on Beverly BI
Weet Los Angeles.
We bear that he in booke
speak at 57 colleges actors the nation! Race
appeared on the Louis Lomax TV Show, and I
heard on many radio shows.
Mexico City, where he has been invited by an
governrent group to speak. He hes been pro
sorae interesting experiences by a local conta
there, and we look forward to hearing his ref
•bie retural
Good work, Mel, and good luck!
SID PADRICK, contactee from Watoonril
Celif,, who spent two hours aboard a space e
was recently in Los Angeles uben be was gue
speaker at the regular monthly meeting of the
wood Unit of Understanding on Saturday, June
1966. Meetings are held on the ith Saturday
month at the Inglewood Businers and Professi
Woman's Club: 820 Java St., Inglewood, at 8:
Donation is $1.00. Information: Mrs. Robes
Forrester, Program Chairman: P. O. Box 1
Inglewood, Calif, 90306. Phone: 677-5214
Mr. and Mre. Lee Yates. Phone: 293-4743.
NEW AFSCA UNITS:
45. AFSCA Unit 145; Everett, Washingtan;
Ray and Jean Sebring, Co-Directora;
1032 S.W. 126th St.; Seattle, Wash, 981
$6.
AFSCA Unit 146; Ben Blaze, Director;
3057 Electric: Lincola Pask, Mich.
491
Several otber ner AFSCA Unite have been for
and wil be listed in the pext issue (25). Per
interested in forming AFSCA Unite in their ei
should contact AISCA Headquarters tor infor:

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 2025, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(Ar lgamated Flying Saucer Clubs o° America)
3rd National
FLYING SAUCER
SAUCER
MOVIES
SLIDES
CONVENTION
EXHIBITS
BOOKS
REGIS
- 9 A.
$2.00 p
LITERATURE
At The Beautiful, New
CENTENNIAL COLISEUM (4590 S. Virginia St.)
Reno, Nevada - July 8,9,10, 1966
• Program: 10 A.M. to 11 P.M,
SPEAKERS ARE: Wayne S. Aho, Carl A. Anderson, Orfeo Angelucci, Michael "X" B
16. DA
Wesley Bateman, Marianne Francie, Dr. Daniel W. Fry, Calvin C. Girvin, Gabriel Gr
Di. George King, Hanno Mayberry, Howard Menger, Laura Mundo, Mel Noel, Sidney P.
Chief Standing Horse, DI. Frank E. Stranges, Mollie Thompson, Hope Iroxell, George
Van Tassel, Hal Wilcox.
HEAR:
Amazing experiences with spacecratt from other planets and their occupants by
greatest assembly of contactee-speakers since our Los Angeles convention in 1
SEE:
at the Statler-Hilton.
Startling new photographic evidence - the biggest collection of Flying Saucer pi
on display in the history of the saucer movement. Actual color movies and new
photos of Flying Saucers.
MEET:
IN PERSON, PEOPLE WHO HAVE HAD ACTUAL CONTACTS WITH SPACESHII
AND THEIR CREWS FROM OTHER WORLDS.
LEARN: About this important subject which is no vital to the welfare and survival of hur
in our times.
ATTEND: AFSCA'a 3rd National Convention,
You'll be glad you did! Fill out the Adva
Registration forma below. Do it Now!
FoI Motel & Hotel room information, write to: The Greater Reno Chamber of Comme
P. O. Box 2109; Reno, Nevada
AFSCA 3rd NATIONAL CONVENTION ADVANCE REGISTRATION FORM
To: AFSCA Headquarters; 2004 N. Hoover St., Los Angeles, Calif. 90027. Phone: 662-1
Yes, count me in! I don't want to mins joining with you at this important convention
and belping to support this vital movement. Here is my $
Please send me
Advance Reseryation tickets ($5.00 for the 3 daya, or $2, 00 per day). IMPORTANT: I
also enclosing & stamped, self-addressed envelope for the return of my tickets. ADVAN
REGISTRATIONS must be received at AFSCA Headquarters no later than JUNE 30ta!!!
Name
Street
¡ City=
State
Zip Code
