{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-02 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288695","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114668","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/695/mufon-5288695.json","updb_database_id":5288695}
Strange ball of light near a tree.

It was July-August 2007, when I was 11, my father was working at the Indian Institute of Planning and Management at Qutab Institutional Area. Not very far from the Indira Gandhi International Airport. We had gone to pick him up in the early hours of the morning. Somewhere between 3 :30 and 4 :30 AM. Earlier that year, he and I had been talking excitably about the then new Airbus A-380 coming to India, both father and son being Airplane enthusiasts.
On our way back from his office, while we were in the car, we heard a great big roar, and both of us got excited ! We saw the green and red lights that are underneath a plane’s fuselage. And we both instinctively knew that it must be the 380 on one of its trial runs. We looked up excitedly and watched it fly not very far above us, that’s how great the roar was.
Then, something caught my eye on the left. There’s a, or was a hill range which used to run through Delhi, called the Aravalli’s, much of the part where Delhi is now, was dynamited to make room for the exapanding city. But in parts you will see remanants, hillocks, if you will. On our way back to West End Colony, not very far at all from where he worked, were such hillocks. On my left, a bright white light was present. Hovering not more than a few feet above the ground, near a tree. At most, not more than 10 feet. At first I thought that it was a lamppost, or the back light/porch light of a poorly constructed hovel, poor enforcement of rules and regulations in India, you find all kinds of infrastructure and homes in funny places, and one of the reasons why I thought it was a lamppost was because it was near a tree. But upon closer inspection, there seemed to be no lamppost or home to which it was attached. I brought this to my parent’s attention, and they did notice this oddness too, but did not think much of it, as we went around the bend of this hillock. This light was not very far from us, and it did not move at all, or seem to have any adverse effects, on us or its surroundings, our « encounter » ended when we left this strange object behind.
