{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-12 21:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513754","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3384,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/754/mufon-5513754.json","updb_database_id":5513754}
(GS) I about crapped myself.

My name is [Name removed/cms/tg]. Today is the 12th of December 2012. The approximate time of the sighting was 9:50 p.m. PST. The location was [Address removed/cms/tg]. And I was on Oak Avenue, almost exactly half way between Santa Juanita Avenue and American River Canyon Drive. I have no photo proof of this incident, beings as it happened so fast, but I am going to draw what I saw with pencil and paper and hopefully be able to accurately depict the object in question.

On my way home from Ts house like a usual night. Turn out of her gated community and drove to the first stop sign. Took the normal left towards Oak Avenue like always. At the stop sign to turn left onto Oak, I waited for the only other car on the road to go before I proceeded to turn left. I was just passing by the Vic1s supermarket, about half way between the stop sign and the stop light just up the road, when my car started to act up. At first I thought my car was going to die because the battery was failing or something. The dashboard lights started to dim out and come in and out. Also my radio, which at the time was playing my iPod music not using any Radio station signal or anything, started going in and out. The volume went down and up and the dashboard lights went dim and then normal, and then dim again and then normal. And then I just happen to see it out of the corner of my eye. I looked up as fast as I could, still driving down the road, at what looked like a flying saucer. All I could make out was a slightly darker circle in the night sky (around 9:50 p.m.) with a bright, neon-green ring coming from it. Inside the bright, green ring was another light, a decently sized white circle light in the very center of the ring. The ring and the light inside it flew across the sky faster than I have ever seen any plane go across which makes me think one of two things1 One, it was pretty close to the ground when it flew across the sky. Which it appeared to be that way with how bright the lights were and how clear it was for me to actually see it anyways. It seemed so close with how much the lights lit the sky up1 Or two, it wasn1t that close to the ground, but it was going extremely fast. Which again, I have never seen any plane at a good distance away go this fast across an open sky. 

My thoughts are it was just really close to the ground. It was only in the sky for about 5 maybe 6 seconds before it was gone out of sight behind trees and the roof to the supermarket. After the circle was gone and out of sight, my dashboard lights and my radio worked perfectly fine. It was almost like whatever the green circle was, it was interfering with my car1s electronics. I1m not sure what it was or what it was doing. All I know is it scared the s**t out of me.
