{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502754","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3138,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/754/mufon-5502754.json","updb_database_id":5502754}
{cak} Abduction?

I was a small child maybe 3 to 4 years old. I awoke to see 3 small beings at the end of my bed. They were 2 1/2 to 3 feet tall and a dark blue/purple color. They had long arms with 3 long fingers with possible ability to use suction. They did not look like any drawing I have ever seen of aliens. I could only see the tops of their heads and their arms. There did not appear to be any neck, and the head was wide and somewhat pointed on the top. I could not move, I was paralyzed while they communicated with each other. They seemed to be communicating using their minds. When I thought, "why are my parents not helping me" I got an answer in my head "they cannot sense that we are here." It was almost like they were working in a different dimension, or they had altered the regular world's ability to sense them. There was a very bright door shaped light in my room. I could tell that they were going to take me somewhere and I had no control. I also could sense that I would be returned, and I would not be hurt. When I thought that I was scared, and I did not want to go, they made feel that I had no choice, and that it was really for my own good. I remember thinking that I was lucky that it was not the "other one's" like there were a different kind that would hurt those they took. It was almost like I was somehow being marked as property, and I had been chosen to be saved from the "other ones." I slept in the middle of my double bed every night after that because they were so short that I thought if I laid in the middle of the bed, they may not be able to reach me, and they would not take me away again. 

I have always said that if aliens are real than I was abducted by them when I was very small. If they are not real, then I had one crazy realistic dream. There were concepts I could not have imagined or known about as a small child such as communicating via telepathy, alternate dimensions, and levitation. It is hard to know what this really was because I was so little at the time. 

As weird as it may sound, I am skeptical about aliens and that memory. It is so much different than anything I have every heard reported, that I do have to wonder what else it may have been. 

I have only ever told this to a few family members. I am curious what others may have to say about it. My family all thinks it was the active imagination of a small child or a bad dream. 

I don't know the exact date or time since it was numerous years ago. I don't really want to be contacted, I am a very private person.
