{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-18 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485754","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2637,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/754/mufon-5485754.json","updb_database_id":5485754}
{rjl} A bright orange light fading in and out

Around five-thirty p.m. on January 18th, I was at work and a co-worker went out back to smoke a cigarette. I was in the middle of prepping food when I hear him yelling my name from outside. He opens the back door, looking at the sky and says he just saw a bright orange meteor and was coming to grab me but it was already gone. I make a joke about wishing in a star, and he goes back outside; I go back to what I was doing. 

Just a couple minutes later he comes running back in saying it's back, and that he doesn't think it's a meteor. I run outside, and he points to sure enough a really bright red-orange light, almost like a yellowish because it was so bright. It was like a star. Even though it was getting close to sunset it was still quite bright out, and whatever this light was was bright enough to easily stand out in the sky. It was hovering above the cloud line. It seemed round, but as far away as it was it was hard to tell what shape it really was. It was like a fireball, but there wasn't any fire or tail around it. We were facing west, I'm estimating the angle was fifty-five or sixty degrees above the horizon.

What was really weird about it was it was like it was fading out of existence. I mean it was like the light was going off, but it was more than just an on and an off effect. It literally looked like it was phasing in and out of reality or time. It hovered in the sky then started moving at an inconsistent pace, seemingly ascending and descending at points. It would fade out, and after a minute or so would reappear at a different point in the sky, once again with no clear linear path, but seemed to be generally moving north. After about ten minutes of this it faded out and didn't reappear. 

I honestly thought I was just going to see a meteor, and I didn't even think about recording it until we were back in the kitchen explaining what happened to everyone else. I feel like there could be a reasonable explanation for what this was, but I have no idea what.
