{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-09-01 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527754","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3090,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/754/mufon-5527754.json","updb_database_id":5527754}
Lights Only - Rotating multicolored lights stretching to high triangle colors of rainbow light bend and flash at bend point

While driving North on 96th street somewhere between Port Sheldon and Filmore Street (I think between Baldwin and Bauer) with a passenger witness we observed from my vehicle, which I was driving, lights moving in a circular fashion. The lights were slightly to the north and west of our location. I would estimate them to be 3-500 feet in teh air. The lights appeared to move in a manner similar to a multi light spotlight used to draw attention to a community event; as if the spotlights were on the underside of clouds. However the evening was not cloudy. At first I thought the lights were indeed a spotlight. 

The lights at first moved in a manner as if around the circumfrence of an oval or circle. The lights then began to criss-cross within the circle. The lights then then turned multicolored (I can not exactly recall teh colors, but my memory indicates they were blue, red/orange and green. Then 4-beams of light were pointed towards the ground as if to create a 4-sided upside down pyramid. The lights then moved very rapidly around the circumfrance of the oval/circle again. This shape lasted no more than 5 seconds. The pyramid them inverted and stretched very high into the sky such that it appeared to be only one beam of light. At this point I disticntly remember saying "the colors of the rainbow". My passenger and I were then holding hands, my right and his left. At some point during the process I commented with excitment to him.

The light apex of the pyramid stretched very high such that it now appeared to be only a single beam of light and appeared only as white light. The light beam flashed and bent about 2/3 of the way up the light beam. The bend in the light appeared to be about a 60-degree angle and moved to the north west sky and it was gone.

The event was sureal. I travel to a party that was wrapping up near the college campus of Grand Valley State and my passenger and I told several persons. I was so shocked I called the Ottawa County Sheriff. The desk sargent laughed at me so I hung up.

I have tried to estimate the height of the light beam and also the distance the actual pyramid was from out car. I had difficulty with it at the time, but best estimate was that it originated about .25-.5 miles from our road of travel. As for the total height of the light beam - it could have been several miles, I just could not tell.
