{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525754","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29969","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2703,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/754/mufon-5525754.json","updb_database_id":5525754}
Bright Reddish-Orange Glowing Object

I1m not sure what I saw tonight but I was out watching the local fireworks this evening when a bright glow caught the corner of my eye that seemed out of place. It was a bright reddish-orange glow to the northwest high in the sky. At first I thought maybe it was a pyrotechnic but the glow stayed suspended in one spot and didn1t seem to move. I continued to watch for about a minute when it started to dim slightly. After another 15 or so seconds more it completely disappeared. I compared it to the other stars that were out and it definitely had a reddish-orange hue, glowed much brighter than the other stars and seemed to pulse for a few seconds before going completely away.

 One thought was that it might have been a meteorite burning up in the atmosphere; however, I1ve seen meteorites before and this one didn1t have the characteristic streaking and didn1t seem to move at all. The only movement I noted was at the end before it disappeared, at which point it took on the shape of a straight line about three to four times the original width, then blinked out. From my vantage point there seemed to be a slight discernable shape of an L. Aside from this brief instance of 1.25 min., I1ve never witnessed anything like this before. I1m figuring maybe a falling object burning up in the atmosphere except for the fact that it just seemed suspended in mid air.

 It happened at approximately 2230 PST on Monday July 4, 2011. The object was spotted to the NNE of Hermiston, OR and I would say it was directly due east of Kennewick, WA. The fireworks had just ended in the Hermiston area and I was heading into the house when I noticed a bright orange glow between the leaves of a tree in our front yard. When I stopped I continued to stare at the glow and went to the side of the tree to see it more clearly. What I saw from that point on is what I just described above.

The picture that I'm attaching is my recreation of the incident and not an actual photograph.
