{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43996","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2904,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5514233.json","updb_database_id":5514233}
{cak} Having cigarette, heard buzzing, saw object through trees, grabbed camera, went to shore, took photo, watched it fly off

I was out having a cigarette in the morning and heard a buzzing sound. I walked around my house trying to find the source of the sound and noticed something strange through the trees towards the lake I live next to. I went inside my house, grabbed my camera and went down to the shore to find this amber-ish (copper??) object hovering below tree-top level but over the lake, about a hundred or so feet in front of me. It was reflecting light but wasnt blinding, it was like a dull reflection I guess. It looked to be about the size of a small car but Im not very good at judging sizes. Its the closest I can get to a size comparison though. The buzzing sound had definitely been coming from this object as the sound was louder down by the shore. It started angling upwards so I took a photo and Im glad I did. As soon as I took the photo, the object angled just a little more and then shot off into the sky. I was not able to get anymore photos as it had gone out of sight but I did get this one. Ive heard of these things before obviously, who hasnt, but have never really believed any of it. Now Im not so sure about my previous skepticism. I guess it most likely is man-made, perhaps a drone, but why it would be here is beyond me. There are no military installations around here (to my knowledge) and Im sure they don't make RC toys that size and that fast. But Im no expert on any of those things, so I guess I don't know, there could be a secret military installation around here or maybe some place out there makes really big RC UFO looking toys. The thing is, Im a beginner photographer and this object ruined what may have been an otherwise really good landscape photo, perhaps one of the best Ive done yet. Now that I think of it, I wasnt scared, wasnt bewildered, in fact I seemed to have been void of any emotion during this really short event (maybe five minutes from the time I heard the buzzing sound until the time I took the photo). I guess Ill never really know what it was but Im glad I had the chance to get a photo and share it with anyone who may be interested.
