{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2878,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5503233.json","updb_database_id":5503233}
{rjl} In 2007 subject observed white ball of light cmming over the mountains

Bristol, Tennessee
one night subject went in back yard and looked up. the sky was clear no clouds. 
subject saw this brilliant ball of white light coming over the mountains behind subjects house.  it approached subjects house and hovered for seconds no sound no vapor trail. subject called son and we saw it moving away towards the east over Volunteer parkway. while over Volunteer parkway the bright ball turned a dark red and then formed into an elongated oval with points at end still in red. then it became a red ball again in an instant. Then the red ball turned into a red ring and disappeared.

Six months later while walking dogs at pm, subject saw a boomerang shaped object coming towards him at about 1,000 feet.
Boomerang had no lights and looked to be colored battleship gray
it flew east, had no sound and no vapor trail, it was close.

Subject was a combat air traffic controller in the Air Force and knew this 
was not a plane.

Since that incident subject has seen several balls of while light that don't seem high in the atmosphere and vanish.

Three years ago, in the morning, subject saw a Bell Shaped object over the mountains. it was hovering ans slowing moving toward the west.
Subject called son and both witnessed it for ten minutes before subject had to go to work. The next morning the Bell was in the same spot, same slow movement towards the west. Subject watched Bell until he had to leave.

Reunion at Lynnbrook, Long island, New York. Labor Day in 2008
saw a brilliant ball of white light hovering in the sky 
Eight people also witnessed the ball of light
It then shot down a light in three phases, the light traveled at a constant speed. Three phases of light. Then in an instant it turned back into the big ball, turned into a ring and vanished. when it did a wisp of humidity went through the spot where the ring was.
While subjects were discussing UFO they saw a passenger jet from JFK with a ball of light next to it, it stalked the passenger jet for at least 15 seconds and then turned off.

The last object I saw was November 2013 in the evening, subject observed ball of white light for 2 to 3 minutes. It was at 2,000 feet. It simply blinked out.
