{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68336","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5491233.json","updb_database_id":5491233}
We saw what we thought were stars, forming an equilateral triangle in a part of the sky we were familiar with that we had never seen before,suddenly shoot off in different directions at meteoric speeds!

We had bought a century home and we had been doing a long drawn out DIY job of renovating the old place as it was in desperate need of being done. The old wood and burnable trash we would cart down to the back of our long thin property and burn it on summer and fall evenings. We left it to grow wild down there and a small stream runs through, so it was a pleasant way to spend the evening. We would watch the fire,listen to the coyotes yipping by in packs,the frogs croaking and the toads trilling, crickets and bats, and of course, gazing in awe and wonder at the magnificent stars in our amazing universe. There was a lot of wood to burn so this had been a regular activity for us for the last 2 yrs. We had a unobstructed view of the S. , SE. and SW. sky. On one beautiful, clear, cloudless evening, Sheila had put the our baby girl to bed, brought down the crib monitor so we could hear if she was in distress and she joined me down at fire. At one point in the late evening I was looking straight out the back yard up at the sky when I spotted 3 bright stars, forming a perfect equilateral triangle. I immediately found it VERY strange that I had never noticed this formation of stars before. They stuck out like a sore thumb in this section of sky that I had observed on so many previous evenings. They were bright, but not unlike the very brightest stars. They would also appear to contain elements of yellow, orange and red but predominantly bright white. I pointed them out to my wife. She said something to confirm that she saw the formation too and no sooner had the words left her mouth (they formed a triangle with point at the top and the bottom 2 points parallel to the horizon)the bottom point to the west shot west from a stand still to instantaneous high speed. and I don't mean jet fast. I mean meteor fast. leaving what i assume is the same visual "streak" that you see when a meteor streaks through the sky and disappeared, too fast for our eyes to follow or perhaps really disappearing? Then another one would shoot off in another direction and then the other one did the same thing. At the same time one of the other crafts/lights would suddenly appear as a streak and stop dead in the same place it took off from soon forming the triangle again. Then they they would streak off in different directions and one by one zip back, stop instantly only this time forming different formations. Inverted "L" Front facing "L" laying down "L" and straight 3 dot lines, vertical. horizontal ,45 degrees. and back to triangle again. This went on for 15 minutes or so, finally they simply zipped away and didn't return. During this event I'm sure I was standing there with my mouth agape. I was awe struck. We both were. At one point I remember asking Sheila "are you seeing this too?" she replied in the affirmative. I also had strong feeling that this was a show, just for our benefit. That the only purpose was for a display. I felt no fear but my wife admits to feeling apprehensive. (Being an amateur pilot I am some what familiar with planes and G forces.) At another point during the event I said to Sheila "We don't have stuff that does that."(meaning so obviously advanced technology) Any human would dead instantly if not on take off for SURE when they stop. These things were going from zero to thousands of mph and thousands of mph to a sudden stop . I had never had much interest in flying saucers and space men and such since I was a kid. They just sort of faded away with all the challenges of life down here on earth. When that 15 minute episode happened, 20 some odd years ago , our life and world view were changed forever. We have never had another encounter. I often wonder if there was a reason they showed for us or if we just happened to be in the right place at the right time. From then on you'll notice I'm always looking up,keeping my eyes on the skies! I hope to have DISCLOSURE and an end to the TRUTH EMBARGO in my life time. It is the biggest,single most important discovery ever made on earth and people have a RIGHT to KNOW the TRUTH. If those stupid, iron age, terrorist, divisive, superstitious, fairy tale, death cult religions can't handle it. TOO BAD!!! Where are the main stream scientists? The proof is overwhelming at this point! Yet I'm still scoffed at by people when I tell my story. Most people are just like I was, consumed with the utter nonsense of the economy and world politics. Head placed firmly in the sand. Kept in the dark. The odd light news story presenting "both sides" temperature inversion, swamp gas, weather balloon indeed!.....BILGE!.
