{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-06-14 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72436","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2604,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5487233.json","updb_database_id":5487233}
close incounter

I was standing guard duty on a top secret base on Eleuthera Bahamas in 1970 when I noticed a yellow/white lite just off the water down range from the gate shack, I was concerned because there are reefs in the area where I though it was a boat and thought it would hit one. In watching it I noticed that it turned inland over the school house going towards the road going to the base and the guard house I was at the time. It continued at tree top high towards the gate shack. It slowly continued toward me until it was directly above me and stopped. This was at 215am, I went in and called office of the day and documented the time and told him what was happening, but he dismissed it as I was drinking or on drugs. I went outside and stared up at it, and it seemed like only minute or less and it started to move south down island, so I went in and too my amazement it was 230am.Now, I told all the people who would be standing watch, as I had 16 section duty to watch for it and let me know. Nobody saw anything, but the next time I came on gate watch it appeared again from the same place I saw it again, this happed 4 times again and only on my watch, but because there were people with me who were there to see if I bulls**tting and they saw it as well and one of them chased down island, but could not find it again. It did not come back again the next time I stood watch, the next time I stood watch, the hair on my neck stood up and walked up over the top of the hill and watch one move at top speed just over the top of the water. I have 3 children now and all of them have some find of sighting or encounter. I need to put this to rest, as I have had a all knowing feeling cense then that I know how these crafts are powered on electrical magneticfield power, but cannot put it together. I myself have
found blood spots on my sheets and no marks on my body anywhere, lately a bad pain in my right eye and no marks. 
I would like to have a uffon hypnotist put this to rest for me please in my area.
