{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-14 04:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2556,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5490233.json","updb_database_id":5490233}
{cak} 113 degrees SE of my home in Brighton NY. Currently happening right now but I can't get video on my phone to pick it up. It is just hovering in a circular pattern and has been for at least 15 minutes

I came outside to sit on my back patio as I usually do at this time of the morning. It was approximately half an hour ago when I first came out. I looked up into the sky and immediately saw a shooting star. Then I looked to the left of where I had seen the star and I saw three lights very close together. I thought at first it was the Orion constellation because it was three lights but then I realize that the lights were far too tiny and close together to the part of the constellation. As I continue to want it, the lights started flickering and I saw more lights. And then knew that it was not stars.
I thought that was quite strange so I continued looking at the object and it started to move around in a circular pattern just hovering in place. This is actually happening as I am writing this. I'm watching the object and the lights appear to be coming on in a triangular fashion looking almost like a Christmas tree with all of them are lit up. The object is still hovering in place. Since I saw the object I have seen one other shooting star in to clean the house the object but seem to route themselves around it while Jack is still pretty much in the same place it was when I first came out that was approximately half an hour ago. 
I must say that I've never really believed in UFOs so it's strange for me to be even making this reports that this object has caused me some concern and I am interested to find out what it actually is. 
As I said, the object is still in the sky but I am going inside so I don't know what is going to happen to it. I have posted on Facebook to see if anyone in my neighborhood is up, hoping that someone would have a camcorder or camera Who could take a picture of what's going on. I have not gotten a response yet.
