{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-08 23:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3768,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5290233.json","updb_database_id":5290233}
While looking in the sky hoping to see something because something else caught me and my friends attention some minutes before in the s. Skies.

While sitting in my back porch on 3rd floor sky gazing. Something which looked like a fireball was glowing in the sky at first I thought maybe some Chinese object ppl light on fire and let in the sky. Then I thought that’s getting bigger in size and I never saw it come up it was as if it had been lit in the sky. Then I noticed it was headed in my direction and then I noticed it was much higher than I originally thought. I ran to get my phone and on video is what I saw with my own eyes fly over my house without as much as rumble. This was a big object as the red glow which I thought to be a fire ball was giving off a reflection on what it seemed to be affixed too, the underside of what i believe to had been a craft. As I had this on camera and it flew over my house I lost sight of it with my eyes but not my phone until ll it was over the lip of my roof as I extended my hand off the porch in order to record this as much as possible after losing sight both visually and digitally I stopped recording and the excitement of what I had just witnessed overcame me I ran inside to find all three of my dogs very riled up barking running back and forth and growling. Keep in mind my dogs are very docile and have been living here together for almost a decade. I ran out to see if I could see it out the other side of the house This was to no avail for the object had completely disappeared in all directions I can no longer see it. I immediately called my friend Billy who had first seen the primary object in the sky minutes earlier, before the second sighting which I was able to record on my phone. As I showed him the video because he came to my house knowing something we saw at first was odd and hearing I had caught something on video he was very curious and ready to dismiss this like he dismissed the recent phenomenon we saw together as “Mars” which I said to him really cause Mars is moving towards us then as he looked he noticed this and I just left the car because I didn’t like his idiotic rationale without first looking for the evidence before letting the words come out his mouth that it was Mars. In my experience most people are dismissive about these things in the dumbest of ways. I like to deal with facts and proof not [removed profanity/ CMS/fgc] assumptions without basis or proof. I then posted it on my [company name moved to Legacy Field section/CMS/fgc] channel.
