{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-25 17:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52572","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3102,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5506233.json","updb_database_id":5506233}
{cak} Triangle UFO with Enormous Center White Light

First let me say that we are in a no flight zone as we are very close to a Nuke plant. 5:44 pm EST November 25, 2013. My husband called me to come outside to the back yard. Every day and into the night he has an hourly smoke on the back porch, so he is very familiar with the skies and flight paths ect. Anyway, he pointed out a stationary UFO which had blue and white or very light yellow flashing lights around the perimeter. It was about 8 to 10 miles away in the south and 400 feet above us. It was hovering above a forested hill and was there for at least two minutes.
Within 4 seconds it was over us. There was a VERY bright white light underneath and you could barely see the blues on the edges anymore due to its location to us. However the smaller lights around the large white one almost seemed recessed as it flew above us. The back lights were more distinct in their outline. My husband believed it to be triangular in shape. He had been outside in the dark longer so his eyes were able to see edges better than mine.
It was difficult to determine size due to the fact that we could not see the elevation. However, given the following perhaps you could make a calculation of how high it was: Our property is 150 feet long, so looking up from underneath the UFO, it was covering at least 75 feet of the property and the probably 35 feet of the 45 foot width of the property. It seemed to come directly from the mountain south of us which is a good 400 feet or more above us and 10 miles away from us. It moved south to north and its acceleration was not uniform as it was stationary over the mountain and then was upon us in 4 seconds (so 10 miles in 4 seconds), it slowed when directly over us, it didn1t hover but it slowed enough for us to get a good look and be able to agree on a uniform description. It accelerated again, however it was slower than a jet but much faster than a small plane or copter. 
I cannot emphasis enough how large the center light was in proportion to the vehicle and how white and brilliant the light was, it was amazing. If we had stared at the light itself for any time we would have been blinded by it.
At 6:35pm My husband witnessed another similar object move to the Northwest and he only saw its edges which were also rimmed with lights. This moved so fast that he could not yell for me to come and see it.
