{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-28 06:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61014","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2718,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5498233.json","updb_database_id":5498233}
{dr}Both cylinder and triangle moving rapidly across the sky

I had just gone outside to take my dog for her morning potty routine. I live in an apartment and walked across the street. For some unknown reason I just happened to look up as a long white cylinder object was moving side ways across the sky from north to south. At first it looked like a cloud or chem-trail because it was white like it was picking up the city lights on the bottom like a cloud would, but it was moving way too fast and maintained its shape the entire time. There was no noise, vapor trail or anything.

No more than thirty seconds after I happened to look up again and saw a triangle shaped object, white in front, like there previous object, but angled like a triangle. The middle section was pitch black, because it blocked out the stars as it moved. It was moving the exact same speed, had no lights, or tangible features like windows, and was absolutely dead silent as well.

A commercial air line came in several moments later as I live in the flight path of the local airport. These objects were at the same level as a plane coming in for a landing, but they were obviously not planes. They moved way faster and like I said had no visible lights and made no sound.

My reaction to the objects were like, "Whoa ... that's weird." Ive been seeing weird lights in the sky here recently that don't blink, they just move steady across the sky, but these had absolutely no lights and could have moved over easily without me evening knowing had I not looked up.

I have always been fascinated with this subject and have seen lights before, but this was way different. When you see a light, that's generally all you see, but these had shape and appeared solid.

Several weeks before this I also witnessed what looked like a long chem-trail moving sideways across the sky. I only realized it was moving because when I first saw it it was on one side of the moon and then a few minutes later it was on the other side and I watched it from there. I realize it could have been high winds moving it, but at no point did it change shape or disipate.
