{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87161","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2450,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5473233.json","updb_database_id":5473233}
{dr}Cigar shaped , stationary in opening in trees in front of my house

The house next door burned down a few hours before, emergency personnel could not approach house fire due to ammunition firing off .
As nighttime approached my wife and myself met with my other neighbor to tell them about the fire. 
We were standing in the front yard , we live well off the road at the edge of a mountain.
There are 30' trees across from my house as we were talking in the opening in the tops of those trees a cigar shaped object sat stationary in an opening in the trees. It was long 12-20' in length about 6' tall. It had three windows in the front but it had No wings. There was a small amount of light coming from the front window. 
The most impressive thing other than it being stationary and had No wings were the fact a white water like exhaust sprayed out the rear , which seemed to be like like water but thinner and gassier.???
I watched it for a few seconds my wife and my neighbors back was to it. I said loudly "What the ??!! Is that" as soon as I said those words the light went from the front window to a second one then third then off. Leading from front to back in a quick succession. My wife turned around as I pointed , the object was still about 25' off the ground but it had excelled so fast spraying out the white , water like spray and moving at an extreme rate of speed!!
I said again what was that my wife making fun of me went O my are you going to say that was a UFO . The whole time it sat stationary it was pointed at the house fire. 
I have no idea what else this could have been?? It was about a week before Thanksgiving an exact date probably could be attainable due to the house fire. It made absolutely No sound and put off No wind when it left!! I've thought about this for years I just thought I would let someone know. Thanks
