{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-21 20:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2670,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5505233.json","updb_database_id":5505233}
{rjl} When pulling into driveway, noticed a very slow and low flying craft just above the trees and houses of the neighborhood. Craft was dark triangle shaped with 3 lights blinking in their own kind of sequence, unusual and irregular to planes etc.

As I was pulling into the driveway this particular evening, I noticed a very slow and low flying aircraft just above the trees and roofs two houses down from mine. It seemed unusual so I stayed in the truck and watched as it slowly turned and flew over the neighbors houses and also noticed the irregular light blinking pattern which seemed atypical to that of other planes and helicopters. During this time I searched for my cell phone to take a picture and then it was over my house and I stepped out of the vehicle and realized that there was absolutely no noise or emissions coming from this craft either. I was able to obtain some kind of video, but by the time I was able to gather myself, the video I captured did not show all of the lights and their distinct pattern. As the craft flew over, I noticed it was the clear shape of a triangle and was a combination of black as well as a grey, with somewhat of a pattern or what seemed like lines which met in the center of craft out to the corners, and within each of those triangles had lines connecting the edge of the craft to the lines coming from corners to meet in the center. As mentioned earlier, I did obtain some video, but it unclear of the shape and all three of the lights blinking pattern, but as soon as I got back into the vehicle, it was higher in the sky and it seemed to by flying at a faster rate that before when going over the houses. I then got back into the vehicle to try and follow the craft. I was able to for about two or three miles, turned onto an upcoming street, and then it just disappeared and could not find it anywhere, in any direction nearby or off in the distance. I then went back to the house and kept watching out the window every so often to check if it would happen to be out and nearby again, but that was the last I saw of the craft.
