{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-31 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29465","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2849,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5526233.json","updb_database_id":5526233}
Look up towards the West and saw a UFO which first looked like a star, but it was moving back and forth from North to South, South to North.

I looked to the west at around 8-8:30 p.m. and saw what looked like a star, but it was moving. It had a redish-orangeish hue to it and there were no lights blinking, no sound. It moved zig-zig across the sky in a linear fashion, from north to south, south to north, then it would fly up straight and disappear, then reappear. Then it would stop and just sit there and after a few seconds, it would start to move again across the sky...again, no flickering lights like a plane or jet, no lights/search light from a helicopter (it was up rather too high to be a helicopter; however, couldn't tell you how high it was), no sound. At one point a small plane was heading toward its direction and as it do so, the object moved away from the plane in a linear fashion. After the plane was gone, it moved back toward the north without turning. It just moved back to position in that linear/straight fashion. It moved, disappeared, reappeared...and then it turned to a bright, white light and took off at a high speed to the southwest - I said OMG. It wasn't a plane, jet, or helicopter..that's all I know- definitely not normal.

I have seen meteors and "falling stars" (which it wasn't), and this was not a plane, jet, or helicopter, or satellite (unless satellites are able to move back and forth across the sky in a linear fashion like that). It looked like a reddish light (as bright as a star; no blinking light, no sound), maneuvering back and forth from the north to south, south to north, and then would hover for several seconds (looked like it was over the Everglades - that's how far west I live), and it was intelligently controlled, as when the small plane headed toward it, it moved to the south at a high speed to get away from the plane, so....like I said, it was a UFO in my opinion, and after my being on this planet for 52 years - have never seen anything like it - makes me wonder what or who is flying around in our skies at night and for what purpose (my roommate also witnessed it, as I called her outside to see it, too). It was there for approx 10 minutes, then took off at high speed to the SW.
