{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-28 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3686,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5480233.json","updb_database_id":5480233}
{rjl} A massive skipping disk that dematerialized

2012 I summited Mt. Adams with 2 friends. After arriving at camp at 8645feet we decided to set up two go pros to film the sunset, one go pro 2 the other a gopro3. We placed the 2 on time-lapse and the 3 on video 25 feet apart from each other. The time-lapse was accidentally set on 1 minute intervals, the other 30fps 1080p HD video. While we were eating dinner we observed a object that looked unfamiliar and even in the video two of us are discussing what it could be although neither one of us had remembered the conversation. In the video we start to eat and stop watching the object toward the end which is the section of the video the object dematerializes. We continued to summit the next day and return to Portland. For 3 years the video sat on a hard drive. I was cleaning up my hard drive when I first discovered the object in the video clip. I was very confused as to the conversation we had in the video as someone asks me if the object is a airplane and I reply, "If not its a ufo". I had no recollection of ever saying that. Examining the video, and running it thru basic filters on iMovie, it became quite obvious to me that what I had recorded was a disk in a slow spin which appears to be skipping but I believe the skipping illusion was caused by whatever powered this craft because the object skips along in the video, and its is a solid disk in the 3 photos captured by the gopro2. I believe the illusion of skipping is caused by a distortion by whatever powers the object. All 3 photos taken show a solid disk with a light upper and a dark lower. I have 3 photos and one 5 minute video with a 2 minute 50 second sighting. On December 31st 2014 at New Years, roughly a few days after I had discovered the video, my wife, my climbing partner and I were on my porch celebrating New Years eve. At exactly the change of New Year, a disk illuminated 500 yards above the Broadway Bridge, the disk was stationary and had a bubbled center with a tracer type light circling the disk before it went dark. I saw a clear bubble shape in the lower center and the disk was completely stationary. After 5 seconds the disk slowly started moving west toward the coast and as it got directly over Portland a "orb" came around the side of my building, 8th floor, and stopped directly in front of all 3 of us for about 3 to 5 seconds. The appearance of the "ball" looked like a rock, there was no smooth surface, and the movement was irregular like if a nickel was put into a blown up balloon and tossed. It then shot up into the air and went directly toward the disk. I lost sight of both as the went over the hill behind Portland toward Beaverton OR. I will upload a photo taken, but the video file I will only give to someone who takes interest. I have tried other resources getting help with this and have had no luck, no one has the photos or video file. The video I put together was recently shown at the Roswell UFO Festival 2016.
