{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-22 12:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2715,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5470233.json","updb_database_id":5470233}
{cak} Star like light during day flys in, hovers, then changes directions, and disappears

I was taking a break smoking a cigarette near the parking lot of the building I work in when I looked up in the sky an object which looked like a star. It was about 12:20pm when I first saw it. It flew in from the east to the west, towards the area of Marina del Rey or Santa Monica, and was north of my position about 75 to 80 degrees above the horizon. It flew in a very straight line, slowly, then suddenly stopped. It sat there, hovering, for nearly a minute it seems, and the began to fly what seemed like straight up, gaining altitude. Then, suddenly, it seemed to change direction and made what seemed to be a right angle turn and began heading east again. It flew in that direction for a little bit, maybe twenty seconds, then suddenly made another right angle turn and began to look like it was descending, losing altitude. Then again it stopped. It hovered there for about a minute again, roughly about NNE of me, in the direction of Hollywood. Then suddenly it took off, no acceleration, just immediate speed, towards the NE, it what seemed to be an acending direction towards, I guess, the Valley and disappeared. That event lasted very short, maybe only 3 or 4 seconds at most.

I would like to say that this is the third time in the last 6 or so months I have seen the same/similar object while at work. This was just the first time I could take a picture clearly enough to see it. My work is in Culver City next to the Fox Hills Westfield Mall, just off the 405 freeway exit for Slauson and the 90 freeway, about roughly 5 or so miles north of the LAX exit. Lots of planes and helicopters around. I am a fan of aircraft of all types and can tell different types of planes, and their livery, from each other. This was not a plane or helicopter.

My picture was taken at 12:25pm according to my phone.
