{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-20 19:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467233","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93438","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2705,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/233/mufon-5467233.json","updb_database_id":5467233}
Multiform object very bright at first. Rotating erratically but with fixed ground oriented red light beam.

The weather was pre-stormy with some wind created by the rain falling not so far. At the time of the event, only few drops came from the sky.

My friend and I have a background of flying as we have been doing paragliding for more than 15 years. We are used to look at the sky and quickly identify what we see. In addition, I personally have an aerospace culture and it is rather unlikely I can be badly confused between plane, rocket, drones, etc... although it can happen anyway !

At the beginning, I was inside the apartment and my friend was outside on the phone when he called me as he was watching a strange bright point in the sky.

When I came outside, I saw white point in the sky being quite high and I was believing it was a para-glider at about few hundred meters high, coming in our direction. Given the strait path and the rather strong brightness of the "object", I changed my mind and identified it rather to be an helicopter coming down the mountain with a strong white light at the front of it.

As it came to us, I realized that no noise was produced by the "thing". After 30s the object came almost above us I clearly saw a white object rather bright, in rotation over changing axis. The outline shape was rather awkward, very irregular, changing constantly.
Except the rather white color of the object, it could have been confused easily with a plastic bag flying in the lee of the wind about 100m above the ground, but:

When the object came at the closest point I could see a discreet but clearly visible red beam light on the edge of the object pointing vertically to the ground. The beam was perfectly vertical, stable despite the erratic movement of the main body.

Then I rushed into the apartment to get my phone in order to film.
The object continued straight, maintaining its elevation above the ground and finally vanished in the distance (see video).
