{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-09-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488375","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71270","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2298,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/375/mufon-5488375.json","updb_database_id":5488375}
Driving from Puertp Penasco to Phoenix. Craft apppeared. Came to sun coming up. In another place.

On Labor Day weekend in 1995 three if us, myself, girlfriend,and other friend decided to go from Phoenix to the tip of the Baja gulf....Puerto Penasco. We left in the morning, and arrived at about noon. We were surprised to see a throng of dune buggies, sand rails, and the likes were there for some kind of event. We stayed on the beach having a good time. Later that night my friends got tired and went to sleep in the SUV of my girlfriends. I decided to just go ahead and drive back to Phoenix. In the darkness if the desert I accidentally made a wrong turn, and wound up heading towards Tijuana. Some time passed, and I remember looking across the desert seeing a light of a ranch house. There's thing I remember is a bright light over the passengers side of the car. I mean a blinding white light. I was stopped. I couldn't move, but remember trying not to laugh. It sounds weird. These " midgets" as I have told the story came around the car. I rolled down the window as one came to the window of the car. My friends didn't wake. It was dark out. Desolate. The next thing I was on the outskirts of Tijuana, and the sun was up. I woke my friends, and they were angry at me for going the wrong way. I've looked on maps, and you must go through Mexicali to get to Tijuana on that road. I never have been through,around, anywhere near Mexicali. I have recently told thus story to my mother. I've been keeping it to myself all these years because of doubters. Including myself. Each time I close my eyes I get a knot in my stomach. I know what I saw. I know it was real. I've never been the same since.
