{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-16 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527375","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3025,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/375/mufon-5527375.json","updb_database_id":5527375}
4 lights in the shape of an isoscoles trapezoid flew over the local high school, the white lights blinking irregularly, heading west to east, flying low and slow with no sound.

At approximately 7:15 to 7:30 PM TONIGHT, I had just let the dogs out in the backyard, and I went and sat out in front where I have some benches under my front porch canopy area. From there I can see 1/4 of my valley here with no houses blocking the view. The sky here is very clear, and I was looking at a constellation directly in front of my view, up in the sky. That constellation appears west, from my vantage point, of what appears to be the Little Dipper. So, as I was looking at this constellation, I suddenly noticed a flashing white light. I looked at it then noticed two more blinking white lights. I realized, as I had seen once before out here, that it seemed like 3 lights forming a gigantic black craft, accentuated by the lights. I ran inside and got my cheap video camera, and went out to film the lights (nothing showed up as I later viewed the video). I will consider this one giant object as opposed to individual lights, based on how they were moving. The 3 lights blinked erratically and moved at the same time as the others, and then I noticed a fourth light, no sound coming from the object, and with the fourth light in view, it appeared at this point to be an isoscoles trapezoid. A rectangle with the bottom half larger than the upper half. This object was not very high in the sky, and would have looked like stars unless you were watching it for more than a second, as I was, and it was gigantic.

I would say, holding my hand at arm's length, the entire object was twice the size of my hand from that view, at least. So I would guess it was the size of several football fields. It flew relatively slowly, and it came from the West and headed East. I watched and tried to film it for about 4 minutes until it was out of my view. It appeared low in the sky, at about the height of the helicopter which often lands at the nearby hospital, so it was not high up at all, from what I could tell, and it was probably only several blocks away from my house, directly over the school area. I tried to point out to a neighbor who was driving by to look up, but the car kept going. No one else was around. It is amazing to see these lights, blinking erratically but moving in the same direction simultaneously, on some kind of gigantic craft.
