{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-11 21:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285375","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118032","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3301,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/375/mufon-5285375.json","updb_database_id":5285375}
Four cigar\projectile objects flying in parallel

While doing astrophotography of the skies over Bend Oregon on 9/11/21 - 
I was adjusting my camera which was in video mode and was using a passing plane to make adjustments on the settings. I let the video continue for a little over two minutes during which you can see the plane pass overhead at the beginning as well as several satellites throughout the video. The sighting of the objects was not actually made with the naked eye but only while looking at the live viewfinder of the camera. 

A little about my camera setup: I was using a Canon M60 Mark II with a 32mm f1.4 lens. The camera was pointed almost 90 degrees towards the sky in video manual mode. 

At the 1:04 mark of the video there are four distinct objects that enter the frame from a south direction. They appear elongated and fly in parallel to each other moving north. During the time they are in frame they all appear to be performing a slow arc with one of the objects sharply breaking formation towards the end of the clip. In the last few frames of the video you can also note the remaining objects appear to split from each other. 

I have significant experience with aviation and modern aircraft profiles. I'm also an astrophotography hobbyist with plenty of experience seeing satellites, space junk, meteors, drones and the occasional space station cross or night skies. 

Observations: 
1. They were not visible to the naked eye, only with night photography equipment.
2. I do not have a clear idea of the altitude of these objects.
3. There was no perceptible sound that I heard during the flyover.
4. The objects appear to be four independent objects. If you watch frame by frame you will see the stars in the background in between each object. 
5. The objects are flying in parallel which is not typical for satellite clusters like Starlink. They also arc across the sky and perform a sharp maneuver within the frame of the camera. Which doesn't lend itself to space junk or meteors which normally fall in a generally straight direction. 

I did report this to a local observatory in the Bend area but am waiting for a response. I've also had several aviation friends take a look at this. None of them have an idea of what common objects these could be. 

There are two videos uploaded. The original video and copy of the original video with the contrast adjusted so you can see the objects more clearly.
