{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477375","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82781","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4181,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/375/mufon-5477375.json","updb_database_id":5477375}
{rjl} Encounter with Grey Aliens

I was about 7 or 8 years old visiting my brother in Linden, Ca at his group home roughly around the summertime. I woke up to flashing lights and the dog barking at something, and I thought at the time it was like police lights outside, the bedroom, so I looked outside. I saw a cylinder shaped object in the front yard, with bright multicolored flashing lights and spinning around the top in a circle. It was hovering, close to the ground if I were to guess now probably 10 feet off of the ground, and I remember a strange buzzing noise. My brother was sleeping in the same room, so I tried to see if he was awake but he didn't wake up. Time was very slow, almost like everything stopped, but I could still move. I saw a bright white light coming from the hallway, in the room my brothers Group Home Mother slept in. The light was so bright almost like a big spot light almost blinding, and I thought I was dreaming, and being curious I walked over toward the door to see what the bright white light was down the hall. What I saw I will never forget ever in my lifetime. I saw a tall dark skinny almost human shaped body, figure come out of the room and stand by her doorway, it was not dressed it had no clothes, no genitals, it had dark charcoal grey skin, long fingers but it only had two or three fingers. The figure had a strangely large head, no hair, but the shape of the head was round with a point on the top. I remember the dark black eyes the most like black mirrors, that where teardrop shaped, they slanted up on the right and left side and they did not close, it also didn't have a nose, just 2 small slits below the eyes and a small mouth. I stood there trying to figure out what I was seeing and it stared at me. Then I saw 2 more and they looked at each other, they didn't speak or make any noises at all, and then they started walking toward me, at first I froze, I was so scared, I panicked. Is all I could think to do was to run, so I turned around and jumped on my bed, and put the covers over me and crawled into a ball, and closed my eyes, I was shaking so bad, I prayed that it was only a dream, and that they would not come. I don't remember anything after that. 
I also remember I wasn't scared at the site of the first alien it kept tilting its head while it was looking at me, I was trying to understand what I was seeing, and I was curious as we just stared at each other for about 1-2 minutes about 8 feet away from each other, I did have the urge to walk towards it but never did, something initially was comforting to me, I cannot explain that feeling. It seemed to somehow report to the others without talking that I was awake and that is when they came. I did get spooked when the other two of them came towards me, and I remember not feeling the same way about them, I felt an uncomfortableness with them. I remember feeling like time stopped or slowed in some way, and everything around was completely oblivious to what was happening around me. 
The part that I find odd was that the group home mother later had Tumors, and deceased because of them. I always wondered if that was the cause, or if they were there to help her. I have only shared this story with 2 people, only because I don't know what to make of it. I usually questioned myself if it was just a dream, but I can remember everything, the feeling, the lights, slow movements, the encounter, the fear. I of course do not have any evidence also another reason for not really discussing it with anyone because I thought people would accuse me of making it up.
