{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-05 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289375","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113982","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2200,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/375/mufon-5289375.json","updb_database_id":5289375}
Two lights , almost see through like . Floating slowly away in cloud cover

Sitting and noticed a few stars starting to pop out through the clouds . I spotted a satellite . I remember thinking just how peaceful and beautiful it was . 

To my left all of a sudden there was a straight white light , pointing from the ground behind a house up into the sky . We couldn’t figure out what it was coming from behind a house and then it moved side ways as if it was a real bright torch and someone had changed the direction of it and then the light swoooped right around in our direction Then there was a really bright light that looked like a car light . We just thought that so weird , and sat back down puzzled and decided it was a car but the first light facing straight up we weren’t sure as a car light isn’t that bright and couldn’t go straight up . Shortly after sitting back down I was looking up to My right and noticed two lights , red-orange on colour , one lower than the other but close together . The we’re moving in a nice steady pace . They were oval , almost looked like they were see through but not , they gentle disppeared into the cloud . They were close enough not to be a plane and not far away to be mistaken for something else . I’ve never seen anything like this in my life and had a real strong urge to share this information. I really feel I witnessed something out of the ordinary and feel so strange . There was a girl with me and she spotted them too . She also thought it was really weird and felt like something was going to happen when I arrived and she was in edge a little .
