{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468375","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92199","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/375/mufon-5468375.json","updb_database_id":5468375}
{rjl} Saw flying object above VA OUTPATIENT CLINIC in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. Saw species in my room. Following me. I feel movement in my stomach and legs.

Witnessed Government workers pretending to work in local area of Longview, Texas. The species of Extraterrestrial life form is usually invisible to the untrained eye. The species uses telepathy to control the mind of hominids. They feed off of negative emotions as well as other hominid emotions. They are parasitic. They are flesh colored. They cause people to use narcotics and alcohol. They cause people to be racist and abusive. I advise the use of a bodily system cleaner. They cause people to believe that they are schizophrenic. They steal money and food as well as other objects. They lie. They cause humans to speak words that they would not normally speak. They have a high pitched noise. They want people to believe that they are computers. They say derogatory words to hominids. They are extremely intelligent and mean. They will try to force you to kill yourself or another. They will try to make you believe that you are only dreaming about their existence. They say that they are programs. They are similar to Stargate SG-1 parasites. They look like the species from the Segorny Weaver Movie "Aliens". They nest in groups. They spy on hominids. They call us batteries. They call us their pets. They call us hopefulls. They hide inside and outside of hominid bodies. They pretend to be Gods. They try to distract people. They can climb walls. They mimick the people around you by using the sound of their voices. They use people to infiltrate the telephone systems. The local town's bell does not ring on time. Anyone looking to investigate this situation will need flame throwers, sticks with sharp points at the end, night vision goggles, UV RAY detection devices, something to sheild their thoughts, noise cancelling ear devices. They are also located in Lawton, Oklahoma and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
