{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493202","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66315","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2949,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/202/mufon-5493202.json","updb_database_id":5493202}
{nd} I've watched stars since age 6 theyre beautiful last night my nightly routine i saw a bright white ball appear it was bigger than airplanes by 7X it headed towards my left turned into a sort of

I have been looking up in the sky ever since I can remember... nightly routine since I have always refused to believe our society is true meaning of life it's just never been enough and I always felt like were so much more... Last Night i'm sitting on my bench in the backyard with my bunny and 2 chihuahuas looking up always only seen all kinds of planes which to me have always looked crazy like omg planes flyng in the air its crazy to me ... not last night !!! I looked to my left and suddenly this HUGE bright WHITE LIGHT appeared!!! about 7-10 times BIGGER than how big the air planes look like from my view and it had grown from this little light to huge in less than a second!!! then it started traveling to the left so fast it went from huge circle to a "line" shape of bright light and dissapeared !!! this was a few seconds no more than 5 seconds duration I stayed there 2 more hours until 2 Am and nothing came back or appeared I had a UFO dream for the FIRST time in my life 3 weeks ago and it was pretty real and intense all the ufo's coming at the same time and i'm just so freakin' happy that what I saw had NOTHING to do with me i have no idea what I would do if i saw an air craft just hovering over me or saw an alien i have always believed and felt something even without seeing shows reading books knowing nothing i just always knew they existed but im thankful that's all i have to report i have a 1 year old and a 4 year old and i just want us safe and if someone were to appear again and show him/herself to me i freakin hope its benevolent and help change our lives for the good but i live in a city where it's not a hot spot so it makes me wonder alot ... i did hear about the 1970's when a helicpopter reported the light following them up in the air in glendale and they called the bob hope airport and there was nothing on the radar ... well this is the same kind of light!! only white!!! like an LED white light and when it dissapeared to MY left .. it was heading towards the direction of bob hope airport i didnt tell anyone my boyfriend and friends shush me theyre to busy with society BS to care about real life like this!!!!
