{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-05 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284202","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119223","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2242,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/202/mufon-5284202.json","updb_database_id":5284202}
Triangular object observed

11052021 Craft witnessed. At around 0600 hrs I witnessed a brightly lit aircraft travelling from west to east towards Edwards Air Force Base. It was a few hundred in feet altitude and just creeping or gliding across the sky. It was triangular in shape according to lights on the craft. At that hour it was still quite dark so no detail could be discerned other that the lights on the craft. It had the usual red and green navigation lights as well as a dim white light at the front point and a dim white light along the left and right edge that were continuously lit. The predominate feature were three very bright flashing or pulsing lights along the trailing edge. I would estimate that it was larger in size than an F-16. It was making a very low level noise but the noise was so faint I was unable to make out what kind of noise it was. I first spotted it at around a mile or so away and it travelled directly overhead and eventually went over EAFB property at an extremely slow rate of speed. The craft was moving so slowly it could be described as creeping or crawling across the sky. It made no sound that I could sense that could be associated with a helicopter or anything else. All in all it was silent. At around 2100 hours I and my wife saw a similar appearing craft travelling west towards Tehachapi, Ca. at a great distance. It was so far away that we were unable to determine any detail other than the three flashing lights on the trailing edge and it’s extremely slow rate of travel. We have lived over the fence from EAFB for thirty years and seen many things but never an aircraft that flew like this one.
