{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-15 03:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492202","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/202/mufon-5492202.json","updb_database_id":5492202}
{jpg} Silent lights dashing through the woods

I am bringing this up in the event if someone has had any type of similar situation. Can't say what it was but thought perhaps this could be helpful if there has been.

1. First in bedroom of home. Then Kitchen for husband. Bedroom and then bathroom for wife. Daughter age 12 observed from upstairs bedroom.

2. Horrendous sound of Coyotes like we have never heard in 19 years of living in the woods on the north side of Holland, Michigan which woke all three of us up from sleeping. We had the windows open as we usually do. In all these years I have only seen a coyote twice during the day but often hear them at night in the distance.

3. Had no idea what it was. 

4 & 6. After we had been awakened buy the Coyotes, I sat on the bed and looked out of the bedroom window while sitting on the bed which faces north. To my right (east) I observed blinking lights far off in the distance through the woods. (There was never any sounds after we had heard the coyote's originally.) It was a very dark night. I had thought of turning the flood lights on in the backyard but my wife said not to do it.

The lights then got closer and several dashed extremely fast through the woods. The woods to the east and north in our area are parallel tall pine trees planted during the depression times. West is much more dense and hard to get through. They continued off to the west. A final light turned out of the woods from the east over a corner of the basketball court and down the drive westward much closer to the bedroom window.

I ran to the kitchen on the other side of the house to see if I could see anything more. Westward I saw nothing. To the southwest I saw a flashing light in the distance far enough out that I presumed in was on 160th. Then in an instant it was in our flower garden in front of the kitchen window. To move to the kitchen window it would have to pass through thicker random woods which would be hard for anything on foot to do. I felt like it knew I was looking that way and came towards me. Then it moved to my right and out of view after standing still for 15 seconds in front of the kitchen window.

Meanwhile, my wife was looking out of the bathroom window eastward into our backyard. A light moved toward the tree and then down our driveway westward. She also thought I had run outside because she thought she saw a bare torso of a man in the backyard which she thought was me who had gone out to see. Later she did not see this and it certainly was not me.

5. Evidentially my teeth had been chattering because my wife told me they were. My wife did not what to turn the lights on outside because she did not know what was going on. For two months she would not take the dog out at night. It can be very dark here at night and we still do not like to walk around in the darkness at night.

My daughter we did not discuss this with and we did not know she witnessed this until just recently. She is now age 16. She saw the lights and thought she saw something in the back yard. Her bedroom is directly above ours with windows facing east and north.

Here is where a possible explanation comes in. A bit later it was not as dark and there was a hound dog that was walking outside our bedroom window with a red light flashing light. (Not a white flashing light as we had seen before) Even weirder is he started clawing at the side of our house off to the side of the bedroom window and howling.  

So, maybe it was just a pack of dogs all wearing flashing lights running through the woods in the middle of nowhere making no noise. Conceivable, but I have never seen a pack of dogs out here in 19 years. One occasionally during the day. Nor have I seen any dog around here with a flashing light other than the hound dog. To me these lights seemed very bright and made no sound even though the windows had been open. The speed they made it through the woods I have also never seen any animal do out here. And why no noise? I can even hear squirrels running through the woods and deer certainly make a noise.
