{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-06-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463202","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2658,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/202/mufon-5463202.json","updb_database_id":5463202}
{rjl} A large fireball crossing over a building very slowly

Dodge City, Kansas, summer, 1966. I was 12 years old and a bunch of neighborhood kids were playing "ditch em'" which is kind-of like tag, played after dark. I was running up the street in front of my house toward the north. I was chasing a friend who was about 20 feet ahead of me trying to tag him. It was after dark. Avenue A was not a through street and it ended at the north end of our block. There was a hospital there called "St. Anthony's Hospital". Our block had brick streets and both sides of the street were lined with large old trees. As my friend and I were running up the street we suddenly saw coming over the trees from the west up ahead and above the hospital, a huge silver/blue ball that appeared to be surrounded by flames. It was moving very slowly and bits of flames seemed to be coming off the back of the ball. It shimmered. We both stopped, kind-of frozen and watched it as it slowly crossed the sky above the hospital and disappeared over the trees on the east side of the street. I remember vividly that it was very quiet and made very little sound as it moved across the sky in front of us. Although it seemed to take forever to cross the sky above us, it probably all happened in a minute or so. When it passed over the trees and disappeared, my friend swung around and said, "Jesus! Did you see that?" and I said, "yes, what the heck was it?" He said, "I have no idea!" Then we realized that we were in a game and resumed playing. I didn't think about it again until years later when I read in the paper about the Jimmy Carter UFO sighting in Georgia and the description sounded very similar to what my friend and I had seen. It's funny but my friend and I never discussed it after that immediate sighting and I haven't seen or heard from him in probably 45 years. This may be insignificant but after learning about Mufon, I thought I would tell you guys about it. I have never seen anything like it before or since and it was just a few hundred feet ahead and above us.
