{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-11-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549202","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5542","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3306,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/202/mufon-5549202.json","updb_database_id":5549202}
bolt of energy came out of ground, to about fifty feet, huge energy ball then scattered

On or about Thanksgiving 2004, I was on my deck. I saw what appeared to be a lightning bolt come out of the ground, then a huge ball of electricity then scattered particles of electric. It was split second so I can1t be sure if the ball was first then the big bolt then the scattering. There was no noise. I was kind of freaked out and did not know what to think. I had seen a few bright lights going acroos the sky that night, kinda thinking these were strange. I did not go out into the field for approx two weeks until after learning of the meteor showers we had on approx. the first week in December. My wife and I witnessed a flaming meteorite on halloween 2005,there were also lots of falling stars that night so I know the difference between the two and what i saw was not this. This was very strange. 

The flash was only approx 50 yards away from me and approx 50 1100 feet in the sky. I went out in the field probably the second week in Dec. and found some strange looking rocks. All of them attract a magnet

I did bring one of them to the geology dept at Univ. of De. The geologist seemed to think it was slag. . I went out in the field in October 2005. We had just cut the corn down and the soil had been turned. I went to the spot where the flash was and found a black shiny rock, approx 6 inches by 3 inches, weighs approx. 2 pds, very strong attraction to magnet. 

I am baffled at what I saw that night. I have been researching meteorites. I have looked at meteor wrongs. I did bring this rock to the geology dept at Univ. of Penn. They said that they believed it was a piece of glass not fully melted down, but they said it has garnet in it.They weren1t sure how garnet would have gotten in there. They also said that meteors don1t have garnet in them. 

I sent the rock off to get it analyzed and sent it to a man at Nasa. He stated he did not believe it to be a meteorite, according to the analysis. He did not identify it with any hematite or magnetite either. I am at a stopping point and do not know where to go. I was wondering if you would know where I can find out what this rock or whatever is. I sent you the analysis if that would help and some pictures.

Thank you for any assistance you can be for me.

ps having problem sending all pictures. if you would like to see them i will send them
