{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-08-15 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496833","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62546","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2774,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/833/mufon-5496833.json","updb_database_id":5496833}
I observed a luminous object at night streak up about 3 miles away. It came within 1/2 mile, was flying saucer shaped about size of aircraft carrier.

I cannot remember the exact date as it was so long ago. I think it was in 
1971 sometime maybe summer as the weather was good,clear and no rain.
At the time I was living near Camberley in Surrey. I was just going to bed when I noticed a luminous object about 3 miles away streak up almost vertically at very high speed, perhaps about 2000mph.After it had ascended to
about 3/4 mile it suddenly turned almost at right angles. It became much brighter as it turned and was clearly in the shape of a classic flying saucer with a domed top.It then travelled horizontally, nearly in my direction,but losing speed.It passed within about 1/2 mile of my line of sight.It was about 750yds high when it passed over a house about 500yds
to my side.By then it was travelling at about 600mph.It was oval shaped about the size of an aircraft carrier. I did not see any structural detail and no dome but it may have been moving at an obscure angle to me. It was
luminous,looked metallic and silver in colour.It was opaque with clearly defined edges,not fuzzy. It made no sound and left no trail.It continued in
the same direction which was northerly, perhaps magnetic north.
I was looking out of a window so I lost sight as it passed my house.
If it maintained the same direction it would have gone over Bracknell, a
large town, a few miles away, so maybe others may have seen this UFO.
The object did seem to be under intelligent control but I wonder
if it could have been an earthlight? However the fact that it was
of a silver metallic colour with sharply defined edges does not seem
to be consistent.I was lving in the Camberley area for about 12 years
and was not aware of any seismic activity.
There were two other sigtings of strange objects I had before and after
from the same address but not as dramatic. Many years later though I
realised that they all travelled in a similar direction which was or close
to magnetic north.
Apart from these sightings I have not seen anything else.
I will forward details of the other 2 sightings later.
