{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-20 18:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452833","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108803","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3131,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/833/mufon-5452833.json","updb_database_id":5452833}
Silver or reflective sphere moving in unrealistic directions and high speed

On May 20, 2017, I was driving south on State Route 83 from PA to Pembrook, VA, when around Buchanan, VA 
the highway was overtaken by a horrible thunderstorm.  The storm was so bad that every car had to pull off the freeway because it was impossible to see and drive. I sought shelter with many other cars at a small Shell gas station. During that time I took a video of the storm and a screenshot of a weather app at around 5:15 pm. I was worried it would become a tornado or have large hail, so I used the video and screenshot to show the location and conditions of where I was to my family hoping they would provide additional information about the storm's direction. After the storm passed enough for slow but driveable conditions, cars headed back out on the freeway but the speed was reduced with several rain showers continuing. 

At around 6:05 pm I noticed the sky looking very layered with cloud striation. I was worried about the weather, so I kept looking at the strange cloud movement. Then I saw what appeared to be a silver or reflective object in the sky. It appeared either spherical or close to it. Perhaps oval a times. My first thought was "how is something flying through this?" It was moving the way a helicopter would, then it rapidly switched direction without appearing to turn. It then continued to zip and zag at unrealistic speeds and with no apparent curvature to the turns. It would also remain completely still in one place despite the active cloud movement. It then began going in and out of the clouds, before moving faster and further away from them. This went on for some time. It was a long enough time for me to watch it and realize how strange it was and that it might be a UFO and then to reach for my phone. I was driving behind a big truck in bad weather and couldn't get the video to work while balancing the phone on the steering wheel. As I continued to fumble for the video it then shot off extremely fast to the right and was gone. I am including a photo that I took when trying to capture it that shows the time, a weather map that shows the location, and a short video of the storm about 30 mins before it appeared.
