{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490833","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/833/mufon-5490833.json","updb_database_id":5490833}
{jpg} This was a beam of blue w/ white edges

​Sunday night, after 11pm, I was checking one of my water lines outside because there was a lot of air the faucets. I walked out the back slider, around the lanai to the left, and then came back the same path to return to my back door. 
When I was just about up to my patio, I looked back over my yard, over my right shoulder (looking west), and about 20ft away, I could see this beam of blue that was maybe 12 ft tall was surrounded by a white haze. It stretched from the ground up, but was not touching ground - maybe 6 inches from the ground. Now, this was only maybe 3-4 maybe 5 inches wide. It did not illuminate, as in it did not light up the area around it, it was self contained. It was like someone taking a deep blue crayon, and drawing a line down a black sheet of paper so that it came up clearly, or maybe a painted line deep blue.. solid, yet liquid looking, and on either side lightly shading a slim area of white haze. 
As I took notice of it, I kept asking what is that? and was trying to focus on it, wiped my eyes, to make sure they were clear, trying to make sense of it, even looked back at my house to see if something was shining though the doorway or window, and it just kind of disappeared, not all at once, but like how a vapor cloud de-materializes/evaporates. From time I first took notice of it, to time it was completely gone, was approx 5 full seconds. 
I stood there staring at the space that I had JUST WALKED THROUGH, thinking what the hell was that? 
Then I started to really look and break it down:
It was in the middle of the yard. No trees, no furniture, no anything, just open space. 
There are power lines along the back property line, 30 ft beyond where I saw this beam, for lack of better way to describe it - I dont want to call it a light, as it didn't light up the space around it. 
It was not raining, so it couldnt have been a glare, 
There are No lights on the back side of my house, nor do any lights from any of my neighbors reflect into my yard. 
Although I had lights on inside my house, my windows have a brown tint to them and blinds were down & closed (horizontal), and the brightness does not reach that far into the yard. My back yard is very dark. When I was trying to determine what it was I look across the lot behind me (Apprx 120-'average size lot, a street, and across the property on the other side. There was a street light visible there i focused on that I would use later to check myself. 

Feelings- No fear, just confusion as I tried to make sense of what I was looking at. Very aware of my surroundings.
I did not notice it as I returned to the house, but I wonder if maybe I did because I looked back so quickly, maybe something caught my eye? But for now I am just going to say no. 
My dog was at the back door, she did not alert to anything. 

Weather- Overcast, no storm or lightening of any kind. 

Monday (Following night) I checked my yard multiple times, looking for light sources etc. The neighbors were outside, and their lighting on their lanai did not reach much farther past the property line, due to trees/ shrubs, and their screened lania The lighting on their patio is the normal white lighting. 

Tuesday night I went out again, once around 930, and it appeared too light out yet, my yard was not as dark as it was Sunday night. So I went back out at 1030 -11pm and my yard was now full dark, I could not see past 15 ft. Same as Sunday night. I stepped outside and looked around. I checked for the street light, same spot, no difference there, I looked at my house, nothing reflective, same lights on inside, checked to make sure there was nothing that could cause a reflection on backside of lanai knee wall. I retraced my path that I had walked Sunday night. I would have walked right to the right of what i had seen. Repeated the same actions I took, looking back over my shoulder at the same spot... There was nothing that could have created what I saw. . 
When sharing with a friend, she asked me if there was anything in the sky? How far up the light went, I did not look up into the sky, I was focused on the area right in front of me, its location. 

Over a week has passed, and every night I go outside and look around. I reviewed the ground where i saw the beam, nothing different. I have walked out past my property line into the empty lot behind my house, and observed my house for lighting etc, nothing reflects against my house, I have no yard lights. I have researched this, I have emailed the State Director, as well as other MUFON Field Investigators. I am also a member of MUFON.
I am attaching a picture that I found online that closely resembles the Shape, consistency,color, & fading of what I saw. 
The blue was darker, much denser- I could not see through it. 
After 3 full seconds it appeared to just evaporate, losing its straight edges. What i saw was vertical, straight up and down. 

I do not know what I saw. I am reporting this should someone else have a similar experience. I tired to include as many details as I could.
