Case No. 1750 240122022

Date: January 23, 2022.

Approximate Time: 16:16:17 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: R. H. A. M., 50 years old.

Description: The informant reported having seen and filmed what he considered two
aerial anomalies at "03:30 hrs" on Sunday, January 23, 2022, from San Esteban, in the
Valparaíso Region.

He stated that for over a minute he observed a rectangular, white object, from which
he did not indicate the size. This would have been observed by 2 witnesses, moving
from east to west.

The user ended his testimony by writing the following (sic): "I observe a
white object flying in circles over the peak of a hill, appearing and
disappearing at different points, but always in the same sector. Then
I observe that it appears from a location that does not match the expected
given its speed of movement, so I infer that there are more than one.
Unfortunately, I was unable to continue recording, but the object moved towards
"Moving west at a speed similar to what one would expect from a small plane or aircraft. Just before it disappeared, an object similar in appearance moved in the opposite direction, above the one heading west, both disappearing at that instant, without being seen to descend or ascend to a higher altitude. This observation took place while I was at the San Francisco Lodge premises in the town of San Esteban, approximately 20 km from Los Andes, V Region."

The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 32° 45’ 26’’
South Latitude 70° 28’ 57’’ West Longitude, and at an altitude of 1,268 meters above sea level. (Figure 1)

                                     Figure 1

The information recorded by the Motorola Moto G9 Plus smartphone, which captured the video, was analyzed, correcting the reported time to 16:16 (HL).

The 4,403 frames that make up the video were extracted and studied, allowing for the comparison of the surrounding topography with what is visible in the video.
The images and determining where it was recorded. Figure 2 shows what was reported.

              Figure 2. What was reported (celestial circle) in frame 2275.
As shown in Figure 3, the take was done towards the north-northeast of the user and the peaks of the scene were approximately 10.3 kilometers away.

Figure 3. Direction of the filming.

Upon studying the potentially visible air traffic in the aforementioned footage, it was determined that a Pilatus B4-PC1 glider operated
about the locality of San Francisco and the nearby ridge of hills (Figure 4).
Figure 4
Additionally, it was found that there was a possible presence of a second
glider, a Schempp-Hirth Ventus B, since little before the filming
it was operating in the Rinconada de Guzmán sector (Figure 5)
Figure 5
This is consistent with the witness's statement that indicated "then"
I observe that it appears from a location that does not match what was expected given
"Based on their speed of movement, I infer there are more than one."

To verify this, on January 28, 2021, a telephone contact was made with a representative of the Vitacura Glider Club, to which the two previously identified aircraft belong. Although he promised to ask the two pilots and three emails were sent on January 28, February 4, and February 9, 2022, no information was received.

Images: Along with his report, the user provided a video sequence.
Contained in a file in MP4 format sent via WhatsApp. At the request of SEFAA, on January 26th, it sent the original 2:27-minute, 4,403-frame MP4 file.

Conclusion: According to geographical, forensic, photographic, and air traffic studies, it was concluded that the footage captured was of a Pilatus B4-PC1 glider flying over the town of San Francisco and nearby hills. There is a very high probability that a Schempp-Hirth Ventus B aircraft was also sighted.
Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Probably Explained."
