{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-27 03:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525389","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30367","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6006,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/389/mufon-5525389.json","updb_database_id":5525389}
I consciously hoped, then soon saw this... possibly twice... maybe thrice, last night

This is a report about something I could not identify in the sky. All times are in local EDT.

I have been increasingly interested in this epidemic as of late. I have also been sending out thoughts and hopes of contact more and more, as I have been moving more towards love. Last night (26Jul11), just before midnight I was with 2 friends, at Buttonville airport in Markham. One of my friends noticed a satellite moving west though the big dipper, and tried to point it out, saying that as she did, she lost it. I noted that I had never seen a satellite in that much light pollution, and she agreed it was very rare and difficult. I thought I saw a flash for a moment as I was looking for it, but dismissed it. 

About 1/2 hour later I was in the office doing paperwork (working overnight ground crew for Buttonville airport), and took a moment to send out some positive vibes, and hope. As I did, I noticed that there was a plane taxiing in, and my co-worker (friend #2 from before) was working on the ramp. I considered that if my "call" had been "heard", witnesses would decrease probability of any possible response, and the thought came to me, that the cessna might, but my somewhat like-minded colleague and friend might not, as much.

At just after 0200, now 27Jul11, We put the movie, Falling Down, on and watched it to completion (it was a slow night). Afterwards we went out for a cigarette at 0440. We were just finishing our smokes, when my friend asked if the bright star in the east, near the moon was Venus, I shared how someone had actually told me it was Jupiter, during last year's August meteor shower, when I saw a shooting star go just above that "star", from south to north. I verbalized my experience, as my friend said "what's that?" I started about the shooting star, and he said, "No that's not a shooting star, it's blinking! Look!". He was looking at another spot, further south, by maybe 2 feet at arms length in the night sky. I looked and saw a blinking, clear white light. We immediately thought it was no airplane as we are used to looking into the night sky for inbound aircraft, and the time between flashes was maybe triple what we would expect from any aircraft, and the blink lasted too long, fading in and out, too slowly as well (maybe 3 seconds between flashes lasting 1/4-1/2 second each). It was moving in a southerly direction, sort of up and to the right away from "the bright star" in the east. I looked back to the bright star describing my shooting star effect, and he said he saw that it was a bug, moving in the airport beacon. As this exchange took place, the flashing stopped. 

We went to perform some of our duties, to prepare for morning, and I thought to the cosmos that I would try again, when I am in New Brunswick, soon, and hoped what I might have seen, would appear again. As I was fueling a plane, a few minutes later, which was from 0404-0422, 3/4 done, or so, I stopped for one last look into the sky. I was facing East again. I looked at the bright star, and then was drawn to another one to the right. When I looked what I seem to remember is a light that was slightly taller than it was wide (1:2), about 1cm long at arms length, which extinguished in about 1/8 of a second, immediately as I looked towards it from the outside in (top/bottom to center), as if moving very rapidly, directly away from me, as I personally analyse, now. This was comparable to watching a light bulb filament swith off. Perhaps an optical illusion after being fixed on the other star, but didn't "feel" like it, and I couldn't "see" it when I closed my eyes. I chuckled and said, out loud, "Now you're just [playing] with me". I have been in a state of excited joy ever since.

I met back up with my friend, and asked him what he thought that first light was, not sharing the second, so we analysed. In addition to the blink pattern, he, who watched it longer than I, said that it seemed to move faster with the light off, than on, as we could see aircraft like movement in the light, but it seemed to move too far for that speed, before blinking again. We think that may be an illusion based on the pattern itself (Our eyes are trained to look for the next flash of an aircraft at a certain relative point). We ruled out civil aircraft, as it stopped blinking, essentially disappearing on such a clear night. I asked him about what shape he saw, or multiples, and he remembered a typical flashing bulb as did I, but something told me it was more of a hollow circle. We thought of military aircraft, but the light seemed to be very bright, and clear, suggesting it would be close, and any military aircraft we know of, we presumed we would hear, at the distance that that would suggest (maybe 20000 feet at 20 miles? We heard nothing). We looked up the location of the space station, and noticed it might have been in the vicinity, but was moving in the wrong trajectory (what I found online, might have just been the nearest satellite at the time, com to think of it). We also noted that we wouldn't expect flashing lights, like those, from that, or any other kind of satellite. We tried to think of other explanations, but came up empty.

This is going to bother me. If nothing else, I hope someone can convince me of what it was I saw. "Normal", or not.
