{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-09-13 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481389","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78629","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3246,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/389/mufon-5481389.json","updb_database_id":5481389}
{rjl} Bee-hive appears in sky, day time sighting.

September 13, 2001. Two days prior the world changed. All flights were still grounded, and no one was sure what was going on. My friends and I got together in the afternoon at my home to talk about what had happened. We were sitting out on the deck in the backyard. Weather wise, it was a typical, bright yet overcast day. My friend J. was looking up at the evergreens on our property and noticed something grey and dull. I looked up and saw it as well, It was very similar to a hornets nest, that is what I first noticed. In fact, that is what I first thought it was, but things didn't make sense. I asked allowed something like, "If that is a giant hornet's nest, how come there are no branches holding it up there?" My friend K. responded, "It's above the trees." 

We watched mesmerized by this thing. It hovered there, it didn't make a sound. It had gotten oddly quiet as no birds could be heard at all. For being within a metro city area, we had already noted how the lack of flying airplanes over the area, and the limited amount of people traveling with everyday traffic, made the world feel as though it was holding it's breath. 

The craft just hovered in the sky, it was easy to see, where the surface of an actual hornets nest will have a horizontal texture, this had a smooth, metallic appearance, sectioned off in 3 parts. The center was larger than the side sections. The longer we watched it, the more we could see. We moved throughout the yard to try and make sense of it. It never moved. 

Where it hovered, If it was any known aircraft, it would have been obvious. It appeared to be floating no more than 250ft above the ground. Even at that distance, if it had been a hot air balloon, you still would have been able to identify it as such. No basket, no sound. Smooth, dull metal, with no visible windows, doors, or creatures. My friends and I tried to find the number to the Portland International Airport, as we wanted to alert them to something in the sky, as we didn't ever get the sense of danger, and we didn't want to call 9-1-1, as to report a ufo as police and first responders were for real emergencies, like what had happened on the east coast. But it was the fact that, when there was suppose to be absolutely nothing in the sky, here was this craft, defying logic, physics, and current military and civilian protocol, during a point in time where anything odd, would just cause a panic, that craft will stay in my mind, as clear as looking at a picture, for the rest of my life.

After am easy 20 minutes of trying to figure this think out, it blinked out of sight.
