{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-01-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511389","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46980","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2585,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/389/mufon-5511389.json","updb_database_id":5511389}
Several orbs in distance, moving around each other then two large tranlucent objects flew directly overhead

My brother was staying with me and was in the back garden having a cigarette when he asked me to join him in the garden to observe some weird lights he noticed.
I just thought he was being daft but humoured him and went out to the garden.
He directed me to the horizon in a NW direction where I could indeed see 4-5 small white orbs moving around each other and phasing in and out of vision.
This went on for approximately ten minutes or so while we stood and watched the orbs.
Then suddenly out of nowhere a large almond shaped object passed directly overhead with no sound and the skin of the object looked almost translucent. It made no sound and was maybe only 200 feet above the house. It was very big, maybe 200-300 feet in size and moved very slowly as if looking at us. It disappeared behind the neighbours house.
Immediately after that one disappeared another one exactly the same flew over this time much much lower and all of the air and sound felt like it had been sucked out the area.
It too disappeared behind the house.
Whilst my brother and I tried to take stock of what happened, a white/blue streak of light with a loud shriek flew from the right end of my house into the distance. The sound and light lasted for less than a second, but it was quite profound and startling. This was no firework.
Immediately after that another of the same flew passed the house in a north to south direction and disappeared behind the neighbours opposite at the back of my garden.
My brother and I were immediately left feeling quite scared and apprehensive. There were no more incidences of this type but there were several more sightings of orbs over the following months.
We had no equipment to film or record this event, but we both know what we saw and having just watched the disclosure project I feel it is time for me to talk about this overwhelming and life changing event.
