{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-06 05:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455389","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106220","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2780,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/389/mufon-5455389.json","updb_database_id":5455389}
{cak} I saw a long formation of star like objects in the dark morning sky.

5:15am, I was in my kitchen when our two dogs began wining and scratching at the back door. I told them to stop. They then ran wining to the front door and scratched at it too. They kept wining and running back and forth between the two doors. It was about 5:20am Feb. 6, 2020. I walked outside to my backyard with the dogs to possibly see what was bothering them. They immediately began barking and running all throughout the yard. I didn't see anything unusual. I then looked up to the sky towards the left and I instantly noticed a long line of what looked like stars. I first thought it was an unusual formation of stars that I had not noticed before. I quickly saw the whole formation was moving in a straight line. I was stunned at the number of the objects i was seeing. They were moving in a south, southeastern direction. I looked at the stars all around them to verify that the objects were the only ones moving. I felt excited and calm at the same time. I quickly began to study the formation and noticed something real weird. The objects were appearing from what seemed like a black spot in the sky. The sky was crystal clear showing a lot more stars than usual. As I looked at the objects appearing suddenly from that one spot, they just kept coming out. They seemed to be in groups of two & three objects close together in a line. Every now and then one would appear by itself in the line. Only a few of them would suddenly move out of formation and then move back in. I kept thinking to myself that I needed to record this but I kept saying to myself that they would be gone by the time I went into the house and grabbed my phone. I kept looking at the objects come out of that black spot for at least another 20 seconds. I then ran into the house and into my room and grabbed my phone. When I got back outside they were still there. I began to record with my phone but I zoomed in to try and get a better look but it affected the recording. It came out with a lot of static. After about 30 more seconds or a minute the objects stopped coming out of the black spot. I looked at them fly out of sight.
