{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-02 22:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460389","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3089,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/389/mufon-5460389.json","updb_database_id":5460389}
{jpg} Bright light at about 85 degrees in the sky about 11 O'clock position in sky from my position about directly above me.

AT appx. 10:04 PM on june 2nd 2019. I was going out on my deck for a smoke. I noticed a bright light in sky and thought it was a star. I know the nighty sky in my area at 10:04 the big dipper is just north of my position up in the sky. this object was very bright just south of Big Dipper. I watch the sky frequently as I was an ex air crew in army spec ops intelligence, I am a trained observer. I went back inside the home for a minute when I came out the light (star) was still there. Then I noticed it moving in a slow Easterly direction. I looked for port and starboard lights (red and Green) but did not see any blinking (which was strange) all aircraft have to have port and starboard lights on. The craft started to move and I noticed it was moving but not steady it was fluctuating speed (Which I thought) strange. I compared the movement with the stars that aligned with the object at times. At about 15 degrees due east on my East horizon the light just disappeared or went out. this was strange because there was almost unlimited visibility and I noticed other aircraft flying from about 15 degrees and seen their blinking Port and starboard lights with no problem. this craft made no sound. I also thought it may have been an aircraft landing about 50 miles away. but the landing lights would not have been in my view, plus no sound at all dead silence. I would have herd the low roar of an engine or turbo prop plus no blinking lights..before i made this report i did a lot of checks and balances and comparisons. Last Year I seen an object over Mossy Bank state park in bath with 4 bright lights about 100 to 300 FT. over trees. It was not a helo cause it was a lot bigger than a CH47 Chinook and no noise CH47 are noisy as heck. with no blinking lights. at first I only seen 2 big lights aiming down but no glow on the trees??? when it turned due south I then seen the other 2 lights on the other side. really wide apart too wide to be a helo. also what messed me up was another help following it about 500 FT? behind it. that helo had blinking port/starboard lights and noise?? only told a few people and my wife but never reported. It was a dark night and the sight kind of interested me so much I did not even think of getting my cell phone which was not going to do anything in a super dark moonless night. That sighting was about 1 mile to 1-1/2 mile away.
