{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283389","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120050","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/389/mufon-5283389.json","updb_database_id":5283389}
UFO/UAP sighting late night to early morning

I was awakened in the night at 2AM by all the animals on this farm crying and freaking out, both wild and domestic. there are 3 outside dogs, an inside dog, a range of cows in the field, coyotes and birds who live around here in the area and the trees. I thought someone was driving into the farm driveway and got up to investigate. the inside dog was scratching at the door, so i let him out and he ran to be with the outside dogs who were also barking into the field and the sky. when i walked outside, there was a bright orange/rose gold light that passed my house from the north about 50-100 feet from the ground and it was spooking all the cows. it was bright, and it was "star like" but it did not give off any rays like the sun would. i wasn't able to see any kind of surface, though it was about the size of two Volkswagons put belly to belly and a spherical shape. after making a weaving pass 5 times over the entire property at about 80/90 MPH it abruptly acended into the sky from the SSW corner of the property, fast like lightning, to an altitude that was perceived to be higher than local commercial aircraft in the area and began to fly a tight circle directly over head where it remained until the light of dawn made it impossible to see it or the stars. along with this light, in the next field to the east there was another orb of the same size and color that was slowly bobbing/undulating in a north/south pattern and periodically dropping down and then ascending to its original altitude at a speed of about 75/80MPH, and continued this pattern until dawn with the changing light preventing further observation. high above in the sky, there was also a 3rd light of the same color that was so high i would have thought it was a satellite, but it stopped in its path of travel going north from the south across the constellation Bootes or a star thats been marked "M3" on google skymaps and then accelerated across the sky to the west. not fast like lightning, but faster than the jets that I have seen coming out of lackland AFB.

I do not know if it was magic, aliens, ball lightning or pan dimensional hyperintelligent beings protruding into our universe- all i saw were lights. they have been frequently appearing around bed time for the last couple of weeks and can be seen through the night with weather permitting.
