{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-27 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519389","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37527","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3438,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/389/mufon-5519389.json","updb_database_id":5519389}
Flying triangle shaped object drifting past

I was getting out my car after visiting the gym and Sainsburyss after work it was about 9.30pm in the evening. The sky was clear the stars and the moon were out I parked round the back of my house unloaded the car had my gym bags and shopping bags in hand glanced up at the sky which was amazingly clear and there is no light at the rear of my house it is pitch black. I looked up at the sky and something came into my line of sight. The only way I can describe it is a flying triangle shaped object drifting past with a single light on every point making it a clear visible triangle shape. Also the darkness of this object and shape could be seen against the night sky, it drifting over without any sound at all. The whole experience was very strange, there were planes flying in various directions at cruising altitude speed approximately 30 thousand feet up; there was no sound coming from the plane engines as they were so high. I saw it for a few seconds in the clear night sky, then it went hazy as the lights were barely visible until it disappeared, the only way I can describe it is it faded out an vanished in clear site as I dropped everything out my hands and my bag from my shoulder and tried pulling out my Blackberry to take a picture I don't know why I attempted this as there is no way a photo would have come out it was just a quick reaction. It looked like it cloaked and the only thing I can say is that it vanished! Very strange, but exciting. I don't know what it was I can only speculate, but theres nothing I can relate it to or associate it with. There was no sound, you couldnt even hear the planes at cruising altitude they were so high; it was strangely silent thats the weird thing. It definitely was some kind of craft as it looked mechanical and constructed, but no sound. It was a triangle shape with one orange light on every point to the triangle shape. I don't know what it was, all I know is that I saw a flying triangle shape about a couple of thousand feet high fly from left to right not very fast either until it vanished. I am not sure at all what it was, I could not even hazard a guess! From where I was stood there was a three story town house in front of me, it looked to be just left of the ridge line drifting over to the right. I don't know the size probably about the same size as a large commercial airliner at that altitude; I really don't know. Because of the dark and the amount of time I saw it, there was no time to judge it with objects in fixed positions on the ground, that coupled with the night it was literally there then it wasnt. It wasnt enough to see it for a few seconds my mind was left without an answer or conclusion there was no time to figure it out.
