{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-17 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503389","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55555","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/389/mufon-5503389.json","updb_database_id":5503389}
{cak} Black helicopter follows 2 orange lights

I was sitting on my bed with my laptop when suddenly I heard a low flying helicopter. This is common in the area and I often like to check out helicopters or planes flying low. So, I stepped outside on my porch, listened for the sound of the helicopter coming from the southeast. I waited for 5 seconds before seeing a blacked-out helicopter with a red light on its tail and a strobe light on its nose. My first thought was: "seems strange that it looks as if it's trying to be incognito"
Then I looked at an orange light that was in front of the helicopter. I immediately stepped into my driveway to take a better look. In front of that orange light was another orange light only more faint. The two orange lights were moving at the same speed and direction heading northwest. 
I watched this for 4 to 6 seconds and the whole time I was stumped on what it could be. I see aircraft fly by day and night around here all my life and can detect planes and helicopters real quick, but these orange lights really baffled me. For the duration of the sighting I felt like the helicopter was escorting something or following it closely. 
After 6 seconds I lost sight of both the 2 orange lights and helicopter as they dipped behind a tree line. Once it did that, I instantly ran back inside and explained to my mother what I just had seen. I couldn't stop thinking of what it might have been, and I would keep looking out the door at the night sky. So, I drew a picture of what I saw right away. I'm willing to show this picture as well.
I trust MUFON can shed some explanation to this or the possibilities of what it might be. I just want to know what it was I saw. And very strangely enough was there was NO sound coming from these lights at all. There was only the sound of the helicopter. These lights never flashed or anything. They just moved straight toward the northwest at a constant speed.
