{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-22 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467969","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92664","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2995,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/969/mufon-5467969.json","updb_database_id":5467969}
it looks exactly like black triangle ufo described by David B Marler. It shows up every night around northern part of Seoul and Kyonggida area

About a year ago around at 9 p.m, i happened to look up the sky to see the stars. then, out of nowhere i came to notice one blinking flying object coming to where I stood from southwest. at first I thought it may be a helicopter or something but to my surprise it didn1t make any noise and when it was flying just right over my head I could barely hear humming like electric fanning sound and see it has three blinking lights at each corner with small red light in the center. then, I made a contact to and consulted Korean UFO expert Heo Joon and many video clips about UFO on YOUtube so finally I could confirm it is Black Triangle UFO. Since then I have filmed it several times on my cell phone and witnessed it almost every night as long as weather is clear and Chinese don1t emit off polluted minute dust skies over Korean Peninsula. 
Now I am quite used to it and I got a hunch, well, you guys may think I am crazy, to see it coming. After I have witnessed Black Triangle UFO, in addition, I also see sometimes light ball UFO - it looks like precisely stars. I really WONDER and WANT TO KNOW why they show up every night about for five consecutive years ESPECIALLY AROUND JICHOOK AND NORTHERN PART 1EUM PYEONG AREA-OF SEOUL. Even it was witnessed during Korean mass scale candle light demonstration over Korean White House and U.S Embassy. The rumor has it that some ufo crashed on the mountainside and this event is classified confidential so they can1t report on this so the public don1t panic. But the fact is it is flying every night over the military facilities, highways and cities with apartment complexes with high densities through massive neglect and indifference or severe ignorance regardless of weather rain or snow or freezingly cold.
