{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-15 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495969","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63447","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5530,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/969/mufon-5495969.json","updb_database_id":5495969}
Bright flash of lights outside the house and humanoid beings inside home

This event occured on the night of February 15th at approximately 2h30 in the morning. Roughly one week later this incident, I've decided to openly talk about it, even if I don't feel really comfortable talking about it.

I am a 47 year old guy, living by myself. My house is located in the northern area of Sainte-Brigitte de Laval, a small and calm town located at about 40 kilometers from Quebec city. This is a really calm area without any neighbors. It's basically a dead end. The house is surrounded by forest, mainly pines and regular trees. This is not a suburb. This is the woods. The house cannot be seen from the street and there is no street lamps nearby. To reach my house, I need to take my private access road (less than 100m). At night, the whole property is pitch black as I hate leaving the exterior security lights on all night long. Since I had bear issues in the past, I installed four motion detection halogen flood lamps that are pointing at each corner. 

I live there alone. My typical weekend night is to watch movies on my laptop computer in my bed. I also drink a few beers, maybe half a six pack. I normally start watching the first one at 9 PM. When I feel like watching a second one, I start it right away. If I don't fall asleep and I feel like it, I'll watch a third one. But sometimes I'm too tired and fall asleep during a movie. That's what happened the night of the incident.

That night, I started the first movie at 10:30. Nothing unusual. Did not feel sleepy at all. The movie ended at 12:30. Perfect for a second movie. I started it right away. It was a long movie and if I closed my eyes, I would fall asleep almost instantly. The movie was so boring... Eventually I felt asleep for good and woke up during the ending credits. I tried to rewind the movie back to the moment when I fell asleep. But I kept falling asleep and waking up. Then I woke up and my laptop has died (forgot to plug it to it's power supply). There was no lights on inside or outside the house so I tried to grab my phone and use it as a flashlight: couldn't find it. Then I saw what I can describe as a flash of bright yellow and white light outside the window. My heart started racing because I've never seen lights other than my motion dection lights over there. Since my bedroom window is looking at my backyard, this could be a city truck or any truck with rotating yellow strobes. Plus I did not hear any sound. I approached the window and looked closer. For a split second, the flash or light came back and all 4 motion detection lights powered up at the same time. I rapidly checked out every window of every corner of the house but couldn't see anything that was moving. Needless to say, my heart was beating hard and fast. I went to check out if all the exterior doors were locked when the motion detection lights turned off. Checked out the time on the microwave oven, it was 2:30. I could regain my bed and put my laptop aside. Trying to figure out what could have caused this, I fell asleep again. I was too tired. Then, it happened. I could describe it exactly like when you stare at the sun or a bright light with your eyes closed. You can see a reddish-orange glow even when your eyelids are closed. I was awoken by the bright light that was covering my entire home. My eyes seemed sealed shut but I could see a powerful red-orange glow through the eyelids. At first, I though that I was dreaming so I did not bother opening my eyes. Rapidly after, when I began to see dark figures blocking the light for a second or two, I woke up and realized that I was not dreaming and that my entire house was indeed lit by an unknown light source. I could hear what I can describe as a humming noise that I could not hear, much like a vibration my head was picking up. I then opened my eyes and was shocked to realize that there was three short humanoid beings, about 4 foot tall, with big heads, big slanted black eyes, a slit for a mouth and a really thin neck, all surrounding my bed and staring at me. Their arms, hands and fingers were long and slim. I was terribly scared, and felt like every hair of my body had risen. I tried not to look at them because their head traumatized me. I couldn't stop looking at them in fear. The last thing I remember is hearing a high pitched noise inside my head and then, nothing, gone, it's the morning already. Looked outside and noticed that snow in my backyard is now lower (at least 1 feet).

My experience induced me great fear but now I know what many people have been through. I am currently not okay with what happened, so for now I stay in a motel room until I am ready to go back.
