{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-03 21:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508969","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4431,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/969/mufon-5508969.json","updb_database_id":5508969}
Driving home from cottage saw four lights in the sky moving slowly in a line and sometimes vertically stacked

We were driving home from our cottage in the Whiteshell Provincial park on highway 44, heading west towards the city of Winnipeg where we live. It was around 9p.m. August 3rd. and the sun was setting with a few clouds in the sky. 
I saw a light in the corner of my eye that initially seemed to be reflections on the hydro power lines, witch can be seen in the photos. The lights then moved a bit higher and I could see they were well above the sight line of the power lines. This is when I noticed there were four lights in a row moving at the same pace as we were travelling, 105km/h (approx. 65 mph.) At one point, the 3rd object appeared below the 4th, and continued to keep this pace for a short time. I never actually saw it move or change position, it just seemed to be there. 
My wife was taking the pictures through the side window and windshield of my truck with my cellphone, but unfortunately we didn't get a shot of the 3rd. and 4th. as they were "stacked". We never stopped as there was other traffic and the road is quite tight and winding. I had my two daughters along who are 3 and 5, and the 5 year-old saw the lights and said they looked like shooting stars. My wife also saw them and she was taking the pictures as I drove.
The objects gave a very brilliant metallic shine that seemed to be reflected sunlight and not produced by the objects themselves. There were no lights of any kind visible. It appeared that there was what seemed to be a small contrail in front and behind the most brilliant centre section of the objects. Other than when 3 appeared below 4, they seemed to keep even spacing and pace.
The objects then lined up again and started to move toward the western horizon. They never actually seemed to be moving , it was not like watching an airplane cross the sky. They were beside us for a while and then just seemed to be getting further ahead to the west but not moving like an airplane. My wife also noted the odd, seeming lack of movement even thought they ended up going over the western horizon.
About 40 minutes after we first noticed them we turned on to highway 15 witch goes pretty much directly east-west. We were heading west towards home and this is when they started to go over the horizon. At about this time I noticed an airplane heading in a southerly direction. It looked very different from the objects, much less brilliant and producing a long puffy contrail. It is hard to see in the photos while the objects are still quite visible.
We were all very interested and amazed by the objects. There was never an uneasy feeling or any fear, we just watched them as long as we could and took it all in. I showed my brother, in-laws and some friends the pictures and they all thought it was pretty wild.
The only thing that came to mind as a possibility was maybe a line of military helicopters?? Military aircraft don't reflect light like that, and there were no navigation lights. Also, I have lived here all my life and we do have 17 Wing air force base here, but I have never seen a line of helicopters travelling together.
