{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-13 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514969","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43214","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/969/mufon-5514969.json","updb_database_id":5514969}
Bright white light, became yellow then orange then red, then invisible.

My girlfriend and I were having a cigarette in my back garden when all of a sudden she pointed out a strange object to me (I have had many sightings and she has been seeing them too). This particular one appeared to be star-like and about 500 feet off the ground. It started off as solid white and relatively large looking, then it changed to yellow and then orange and then red. As it was changing colour it also shrank in size as it was flying across the sky. We saw it remain red for about 5 seconds then slowly fade until it was invisible to our eyes.

We have both been seeing relatively low, large white lights quite frequently, some of which have given me a very unpleasant feeling. About 3 years ago a triangle ship that slowly rotated as it travelled forwards flew directly over my head(and house). It had an orange light on each tip of the triangle and an undulating white/orange plasma-like part in the middle. It emitted a low undulating hum and I felt transfixed and unable to move while it was flying over.

About 2 weeks later I had a 'dream' that felt as real as reality in which I woke up with what at the time appeared to be a rather attractive woman on top of me. I then realised that I could see a metallic dome above my head and that I was not in my room... I looked back at the woman and noticed she had the ears of a stereotypical elf. I looked down lower to see what it was doing to me and the bottom half was mechanical. I began to panic and tried to break free but was unable too. 3 entities that I do not clearly recall ran over to me and I felt immense pain as they swung at me. It felt like this event lasted about 5 minutes and after they stopped attacking me they looked at each other and nodded, then I 'woke up' and I was in my room again. My eyes became brown after this experience and I felt like I was in pieces, I have only just started to feel normal again and I want answers.

The above experience is why I always check the skies and I am concerned about the increase in strange activity for the past 3 months. This fear has led to me making this report.
