{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-20 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519969","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4974,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/969/mufon-5519969.json","updb_database_id":5519969}
Large bright starlike orb hovering over Read Mt., Roanoke, VA!

At the urging of a Mufon Investigator, I am reporting my sighting of a large, bright star like orb of lights hovering over the southwestern side of Read Mountain, which is located in Botetourt County, Virginia (area is adjacent to Roanoke County) on March 20, 2012, around 10:30 pm. 

I "accidentally caught" this particular "UFO" hovering in the sky over Read Mt. when I looked out my living room window to check to see if it was raining before I took my dog out for his late evening potty break. It wasnt, and the sky was basically clear. As I looked out the window, I saw what I first thought was a very bright "star", somewhat like the brightness of Venus of late, but much bigger. I thought it was unusual for this time of night for Venus to be shinning so brightly and large, so I watched it for a minute or two. It seemed to me to brighten and dim a little, and sort of change color from blue white to yellowish orange and back several times. I wasnt sure about this, so I went to the family room and got my binocs to check it out. AND OMG, soon thereafter, the large, bright orb of light began to slowly descend straight down toward the mountain in the same general area as previous UFO sightings. I knelt down into my Queen Anne chair and balanced my elbows on its top to make sure I wasnt causing the movement. I patiently watched as the large orb of lights hovered for awhile. Fairly soon, I noticed that a small blinking light (perhaps an airplane??? no sound at all) flew rather quickly from my left to my right below this "object" and just above the mountain top. (Please note that this small blinking light (???) later flew quickly back across the mountain top from my right to my left just after the "object" had completely disappeared.) In total, I observed this "object" for about 12 minutes (from 10:30 to 10:42 pm). I estimate that from the area in the sky that I first observed it hovering, this object slowly descended in total about 8 to 10 inches from my vantage point over this time span. It hovered at brief intervals, and near the end of the sighting, I watched it go down below the mountains ridge line, then ascend up above it, then down, then up, then hover, then down again and that was that - - it was gone. As usual, I did not hear any sound coming from this object or the smaller blinking light which I took to be an airplane. (However, after giving this some thought, Im really not sure if it was an airplane.) I ask this question: "What in blue blazes could these entities be interested in on this mountain???". (I know that there are high voltage power lines stretched along the northwest side of this mountain, as well as surrounding areas throughout the Roanoke Valley, so perhaps that might be of interest to them, but who knows??!!)

I have witnessed many sightings in this area (along with family members and neighbors) over the past five months, and even now I get cold chills and shivers when I realize that I am witnessing yet another UFO. Well, I have to admit that last night, after sitting down in my family room and pondering the "Why" of these visits in our area...I got pissed!!!!! Quite frankly, I am sick of these things invading the tranquility of my community and causing fear and concern amongst people that are just going about their lives, not bothering anyone or anything, and having to deal with this type of "impunity"! I read on Mufon.com that a man witnessed a very large triangle shaped object flying over the Bonsack Walmart complex around 3:43 am on March 13 or 14 (??) (last Wed or Thurs??) while he was outside taking his "lunch break". I live up the hillside from this complex in a subdivision that is located on a plateau just before going up the steep part of Read Mountain, and Im quite sure that this "large triangle" craft may have actually flown over my property or at least close to it. I believe he stated that it was traveling southwest to northeast, sort of following the valley as others have done in the past months. This too, is disconcerting!!

I found it hard to get to sleep last night because these sightings have really bothered me. I acknowledge it is probably pointless to get upset, and quite frankly, I am beginning to believe that having more frequent sightings may be our new reality.
