{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-05-09 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485969","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4105,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/969/mufon-5485969.json","updb_database_id":5485969}
{nd} Blinded bythe light with grandmother

In "1998" I was walking home from work around 9:00pm 
I got to the front Door of my Grandmothers house and walked into my bedroom to change out of my dirty Chef Uniform.

My Grandmother was still up at that time and she had asked me if the Pony keg store was still open (that was right across the street from our house)
I looked out the front window to see if there was any lights on in the store and they were closed. I asked her what she needed and she said that she wanted a couple of root beers to make root beer floats. Just outside the store was a soda machine so I got some change and walked over to the front of the machine and began to drop my quarters in...

the street lights started to blink off and on Radically!!! And so did the machine and when I looked to the East of these Apartment Buildings ( tucked in behind houses) I saw something just hovering over them. I knew right away that nothing that big cant make a sound, so I knew right a way what I was dealing with and as soon as I wanted to jolt back across the street to get my grandmother this huge blueish/white spot light Lit me up and everything around me, I could even see the colors of all the flowers in my grandmothers yard, just about 25 steps away from her front door. BUT I couldn't move and it was getting closer to me in seconds. The only thing that I could say is "I know what you are and who you are and tonight I am not going to see you guys by my self!!" As the Beam of bluish white light continued to light me up I remember that there was not One car in sight off this really busy road. Nobody was out walking their Dogs, NOBODY!!! Then it got really quiet....like my sences was shifted to such a whisper of nothingness, its hard to discribe people,,.

As soon as this Beam of light was taken off me I ran across the street and boletd inside screaming and crying and the first thing my grandmother asked me is "where have you been?" I looked at the clock from the kitchen wall and the time was 10:15. I took hold of her hand and sked her to please come see this thing. And we did .. by the time out feet hit the front lawn , There it was.. right above her house, the Roof was lit up as well but not beamed, the lights turned violet this time..SOOOO.... we stood their in Awe and disbelief .. this U.F.O. was MASSIVE!! rectangular in Shape. it had no color really so i guess it was black. it then started to take its time going south/west over another major busy street.. it just floated away very slowly.. very odd.. INDEEDY! after the show was over, we felt like we were in a dream state of somekind.. just such a floated feeling inside and then we sat down on the couch together, and the teleivison just came on by itself and made grandma jump!I remember that the air looked foggy in the whole place as well..all of a sudden the 11 0' clock news came on and the first thing the news lady said was, "Are we alone in the tr-state?' and that FAST 200 or more people saw the same thing we did , seemed like minute ago...we never got to those root beer ice cream floats, as a matter of fact we don't even remember getting into bed that night either` spooky isn't even the word to describe how we felt..if you need to know more get in touch. Thank you so very much for taking the time out to hear my story.. I wish my grandmother was still Alive to tell the story in her words, she passed awayin 2012-December 23. god bless her sweet soul.A night we will never forget.. xoxoxoox
