{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-01-01 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546969","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19540","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2675,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/969/mufon-5546969.json","updb_database_id":5546969}
A bright round light in the sky that was hovering then slowly started moving upward vertically until it vanquished.

My friend Laura and I were on our way home from Waukegan, Illinois. I cannot recall the exact day or month, I only know it was some time in 1979. We had been out at a night club (but were not intoxicated). It was about 4:30 a.m. and we had just crossed the Illinois/Wisconsin border traveling on Highway 31 (or Green Bay Road) in Kenosha County near Springbrook Road. Either Laura or myself spotted something in the sky. I was driving and I pulled my car to the side of the road and bother her and I got out of the car and stood in the road looking up. In the sky in the southeast side of the horizon was a large round light about the same size as a full moon, but much brighter (sort of if you were looking up at one of our spacecraft when it is first taking off). It was not moving in any direction, it just hovered in one spot. Laura and I were totally amazed and could not believe what we were seeing. Other cars and stopped also but I don't recall how many. We just stood there in the middle of Green Bay Road watching this object in the sky wondering what it was. All of a sudden it started moving, slowly at first. Not horizontally like an airplane moves, but upwards. All of a sudden it turned into a very bright light almost like looking at the sun and one second it was there and the next it was gone. Poof! Although we did not actually see anything mechanical like a flying saucer, etc., there had to have been something behind the light that was creating it. Afterward we just kept talking about it and how unbelievable it was. I remember feeling very excited. Now it is the year 2009. I have not seen Laura for awhile, but if I were to and asked her if she remembered she would say yes! At the time I thought that if it had been a UFO maybe they were just observing and checking out our power plant. The Pleasant Prairie Power Plant was fairly new. Back then there were lights all over the place and I can imagine what it must have looked like from up above.
