{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-19 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488969","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70667","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/969/mufon-5488969.json","updb_database_id":5488969}
{rjl} About 9 days worth of Multiple Triangle Sightings at different Alts. and Lights - Video Attached

Dear MUFON,

I am reaching out to you with some information and evidence that may prove to be of some value to you. We are located in Central Ohio.

Sept. 10th of this year, the sky was mostly cloudy w/a few breaks. Shortly after sunset, I was certain I spotted something that looked like a very slow moving Triangle UFO at an est. 1 - 1 mile straight overhead. It quickly, was hidden by clouds.

Sept.12th, at 9:15P EST, I clearly spotted an identical Triangle at an est. 1 mile directly overhead. Two red lights, and one white headlight. My wife and I watched this craft make IMPOSSIBLE 901 and 451 maneuvers, in very short distances, directly overhead. Several minutes later, a 2nd Identical Craft joined this one, and the first craft existed the area. 10 1 15 minutes later, an incredibly bright and very low light appeared from the north. It was moving very slow and I thought it was a jet on approach. Big mistake. Minutes later, our power was shut down for about 10 seconds, and I TOTALLY missed seeing the craft, which, most likely was right overhead, again.

Sept. 12th, 10:05P EST, I observed the SAME bright light approaching from the North, and again, I had NO camera with me. I boldly stood as the craft centered directly between my eyes and came overhead at an est. 15 1 20 mph. It presented what appeared to be a Full Display of lights, including a Ring of Brilliant Red Individual Lights, dead center in the belly of the craft. It was lit like 1Times Square1 and utterly silent. Again, a Triangle. This time, left light red and right, green. The head-beam was brighter than the moon, cast for a couple miles forward, at least, and came over at an est. 1251. They allowed me to see the entire craft. I was in awe! AND 1 I wasn1t the least bit frightened. I think the light mesmerized me. If it were any lower, I could have hit it with a rock. As it was about to exit our property, the only sound it made was a low crackling sound. The back edge was trimmed with yellow oblong ports. I got a GREAT look at the craft, but missed a sensational photo op! This struck me as an Anti-Gravity mode, as the giant craft barely moved through the air, with no wind being generated.

Next couple days, I spotted a couple high altitude Triangles, but nothing that I could photograph.

Sept. 18th, another Triangle came over just before 11P EST moving at an est. 200 mph and only displayed the three lights; white, red, and green. I literally had just taken my cam in 3 minutes earlier to protect it from condensation. It was at an est. 1000 feet. Sounded like a jet.

Sept. 19th, I GOT IT ON VIDEO! Moving at an est. 200 mph and only displaying the same light configuration. The video is hand-held (sorry for the jerkiness), but you pros should be able to view it frame by frame. We lost power again this night at an est. 4:30A AND just before 11A (SUNDAY).

We have had a history over the past 10 months of VERY peculiar power surges and ringing phones, simultaneously. I have every reason to believe it is some form of an EMP or EMF, at least, that is being directed at our home, from these crafts.

As you are all aware of the Aurora Project, the Aurora does NOT move at 451 or 901 angles, nor can it fly at 20 mph and stay in the air. I have EVERY reason to believe these are all Alien Space Crafts. If you will, IMAGINE the $100s of Billions ONE Aurora would cost to build 1 AND 1 then 1 there are 2 of them over my property AT ONCE?! I don1t think so. These Triangles are being seeing ALL over the globe, hence, there is NO WAY the US Govt. could afford to build and operate 100s or 1000s of these incredible machines. I HAVE to believe, something bigger is going on here.

Respectfully,
[Nickname removed/cms/tg]
