{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-14 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501969","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57055","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/969/mufon-5501969.json","updb_database_id":5501969}
{dr}4 unknown lights 1 red and 3 smaller yellow orange

Traveling south on route 29 and 100 in the Zionsville area of PA with my Wife and 12 yr. old grandson we observed 4 bright lights in a loose formation. This was approximately 2230 hrs.

They appeared to be almost stationary and my first impression was they were Japanese lanterns. But then they started changing positions and picking up speed. They rapidly appeared to be moving away from us.
One was red and circular about the size of a small plane. The others were yellow/orange in color. They seemed to be smaller but the size of the glowing circles could not be determined due to the distance. They went from being real bright to just star like dots in a short time.

My wife thought they were a formation of planes but no lights were flashing on any of them. I began then to think they may have been UFO's due to the yellow orange ones changing positions which each other as the red one stayed the course SE. My grandson thought to capture them on a Sony tablet I owned but zoomed in making it impossible to to see all 4 at the same time. In a freeze frame I can see 3 of the 4 lights.

The video while zoomed in gave the lights a jerky and stretched appearance but in real time they were not. They were quiet and very smooth changing positions near the red light. We lost sight of the objects as they moved rapidly away and got lower to the horizon eventually being obscured by trees and low clouds. 
Afterwards I felt amazed at seeing something so clearly that I only had read about before. My wife felt they were UFO's My grandson wanted to know who was inside them and felt a little fearful. The digital video can be submitted later once the table recharges if anyone wants me to post it.

I did read the report from Jonestown and noticed the top formation of his pic looked like the same formation when I first saw it.
