{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-07-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489718","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69891","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3025,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/718/mufon-5489718.json","updb_database_id":5489718}
{jpg} Stationary, glowing, orange orb hovering at edge of highway.

At 11PM, in the Summer of 2002, my friend and I were driving north on the Great Highway, along San Francisco's Ocean Beach. At about the point where Ulloa Street meets its west end, we spotted a glowing orange orb, about the size of a basketball (or slightly larger), hovering about 30 feet from the ground on the west side of the road, to our left. As there were no other vehicles on the Great Highway as far as we could see, in either direction, I told my friend to slow down as we got closer and then stop. He opened the sunroof so I could stand up and get a better look at the object. As there were still no other cars, I told him to turn off the motor for a moment so I could listen for any sounds coming from the orb. The object was silent. Then, it appeared as if the object was dropping a second orb that was transparent, but of identical size and color, from itself. However, as soon as this begins to happen, the second orb fades and vanishes before it finishes dropping completely from the first. At that point, and before lowering myself completely back into the vehicle, I told my friend to just start the car and drive. After I was back in my seat, I watched the orb remain where we found it, but now there was a second orb that seemed to be sitting stationary in a nearby position, maybe 50 feet apart from the first one.

We drove on to the Cliff House so we could talk about this over coffee. Before going in, we looked back south over Ocean Beach and the Great Highway, and observed approximately 5-7 orange dots of light along the same area we observed the first orb. We went into the Cliff House and found a table by a window that overlooked Ocean Beach and the Great Highway, and we observed the orange dots of light disappear, one-by-one. Then something else started to happen. It looked like bonfires were appearing and disappearing and then reappearing in different places, within seconds of each other, down on Ocean Beach. After a couple of cups of coffee, I asked my friend to drive back down near the beach so we could get a closer look at these bonfires. We parked and walked up to the breakwater wall. Directly in front of us, on the sand, about 40 feet away, stood approximately eight half-naked silent people wearing black pants, all surrounding a fire inside of a black garbage can. We'd seen enough and my friend took me home.
