{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-09-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500718","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3148,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/718/mufon-5500718.json","updb_database_id":5500718}
{rjl} A very brief observation during a cursory look to the sky.

It was midday. The sun was out on a very clear day and the atmosphere was fresh and pleasant. My wife was present with me in the carport, while I was dusting off the car. It happened that I looked toward the back opening of the carport and my eye caught a very tiny but very bright light flickering off and on midair and halfway up from the floor to the top of the carport. I became transfixed to it, trying to understand what was happening. I told my wife to look and she saw it as well. The experience continued and I resolved to find out what this was. Together we approached the area, and to my great astonishment I discovered it was nothing more than the narrowest almost invisible thread of a tiny spider hanging loose at the lower end, while the wind gently swayed the thread causing it to cast that brilliant reflection of sunlight.

I say all this, because it was the cause that made me look up in the sky in some form of relief from my intense curiosity. But, lo and behold another surprise was awaiting. Just as I looked up toward the southeast about sixty-five degrees above the horizon, it is then that for a very brief moment I saw a rectangular three-dimension object motionless hovering in the sky, while on its left end (relative to my position)it projected four equal bands of what seems to have been exhaust or smoke; and all bands ending in a a curl-like form not far from the object. The strange thing about it was that the bands were well-formed without any dispersion, as though they were a fixed part of the object. In addition, there was no vapor trail beyond the curled endings of the bands. The object, in what I saw, had a smooth light greyish exterior surface and could be compared in overall shape to a cable TV box with no protrusions. I could not judge the distance, although I believe it was about five thousand feet up. Yet, it could have been closer, because the clarity was so strong. In fact, the environment around the object appeared to me to be very clear and real, as though an enhancement to the sky. I was alone to experience this, and I only related it to my wife.

I like to add that I experienced no psychological reaction after the event. Yet, my thought has often been: Is it the mysterious, so to speak, spider luminous reflection that preceded rather than followed the event, that prepared me or set me up to experience the sighting?
