{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-03 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459718","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101766","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3689,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/718/mufon-5459718.json","updb_database_id":5459718}
{rjl} Large yellow and orange UFO seen by three witnesses above Northern Idaho

This event occurred on July 3rd in Northern Coeur d'Alene, Idaho

It's important to note that many people were setting off large fireworks in the area ahead of July 4th. What we witnessed was a flying craft that hovered for at least 10 seconds, flew along slowly for another 15 seconds or so and then headed north a faster pace covering 4 to 6 miles in distance before diving and fading into the horizon over another 10 seconds.—give or take. Based on how this object moved, we do not believe it was a firework but wanted to be clear that was the day before the Fourth of July and people were setting off fireworks that go up about 100 feet or so. We saw about 4 to 6 arial fireworks on our way home. 

Here's the summary:

Last night my sons and I were driving home after fishing and we had what I would call a significant UFO siting. All three of us witnessed a large craft for at least 30 to 45 seconds. It was a beautiful orange yellow craft that was hovering on the right hand side of our car at about 500 ft in the air at least 400 yards away. We pulled over and simply gawked at it. After about 10 seconds it slowing started moving north at the same elevation and then moved more quickly as it was speeding up. It went down to the horizon and then the lights dimmed but we could still see the outline in the distance. It was quite large, best guess might be over 100 feet in diameter. My youngest (10) thought it changed shape and my oldest (14) said it rotated and looked like it had something like antennas on the sides. There was no indication that this was a commercial aircraft. There were no blinking lights. No sound that we could tell. And it It covered around 6 miles in a few seconds once it got moving. All three of us saw. We gave chase, but it was long gone. It took us two minutes just to get to the horizon where we might have seen it better. We each retold our stories separately to my spouse once we got home to see how our own perspectives differed, but they were quite similar. Each of concurred on the size, the color, and the movement. We also concurred on the dimming of the light and seeing it as a darker shape on the horizon. Individually, we saw: the craft turning before moving forward, a perceived change in shape, and two antennas like features. Our emotional state was that of excitement and a gradual acceptance of something that we wanted to explain as something you typically might see in the sky. But over a period of 30 to 45 seconds it became quite clear this object was not moving the way a normal object would move. In addition to a sense of excitement, there was a peaceful feeling. As if this craft was just coming by to check out the fireworks or something. Those emotions are hard to quantify but they certainly seemed legitimate at the time. 

As the person who is submitting this report, I am of sound mind, have no history of mental illness. I try my best to look to evidence and facts first. I, along with my sons, sincerely believe what we saw was a UFO.
