{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-30 19:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522718","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33306","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3155,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/718/mufon-5522718.json","updb_database_id":5522718}
3 stationary objects like sea jellys. They changed position twice. Sky is dark and with northern lights (depending on the picture).

I'm from Mexico and took my family on a surprise vacation to Iceland. The main purpose of my visit was to see the Northern Lights. We were ther for 8 days and we were lucky enough to see them in Reikjavik the first night there. The rest of the nights the weather was cloudy and it was raining most of the nights, so we couldn't see them anyomore. On our last day we decided to visit the Blue Lagoon. We were in the water for 5 hours and we decided to have dinner at the Lava restaurant of the Blue Lagoon. It was like 7:10 p.m. on October 30th, and that day it started getting dark after 5 p.m. We ordered our food and I decided to go upstais to a very big terrace to take a couple of pictures of the Lagoon. I took 4 pictures and then I notice that there were some lights, in the sky (they looked like aurora borealis). I had my tripod with me and I took several pictures of the sky with my tripod. I was around 25 minutes upstairs taking pictures. I had a very nice feeling at the moment because the pictures appeared to be very nice. I felt very happy and satisfied. I went downstairs and showed the pictures to my wife and we saw the UFOs. The first one appears in 1 picture that I took of the Blue Lagoon. The camera was on automatic and you can see the object on the dark sky, it looks like a jellyfish made out of light (white and purple light mainly). I have 3 more pictures of 2 objects over an orange sky. These pictures were taken using the tripod; the camera was set manually to have an exposition of 20-30 seconds. You can see the objects clearly. The sky is orange because of the Northern Lights. In the last of the pictures one of the UFOs has changed its position and you are seeing it from beneath. They are really spectacular and no one has been able to explain what they are. I had my dinner and went upstairs again. I took more pictures, but this time you can only see 2 lights with a circle around them, but it appears that they are leaving and they are far away now. I'm sending you pictures of the pictures (taken from the computer monitor), not the originals. The original pictures have a great resolution.
