{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-30 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282718","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5268,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/718/mufon-5282718.json","updb_database_id":5282718}
Saw flashing multcolored orb out of my bedroom window. It made rapid impossible movments

I was laying down in bed getting ready to go to sleep. As I was laying I was looking out the window at what I initially thought was a star. It was just above the overhang of the the left rear corner of the roof of the home. I closed my eyes and then had this sensation to open them again. When I reopened my eyes the object was then below the roof overhang. It was flashing white, red, orange, gold, green and blue.

At this point i began to focus intently upon the object. It would move just out of my sight to the right, to the point where I would have to sit up and lean backward on my side to keep my eyes on it. Then it would dart back to a location where I could view it easily. I had an incredibly deep sensation that it was playing with me. It felt playful...I really don't know how to put the feelings into words. Everything I've recounted thus far took place over the course of maybe ten to fifteen minutes. The object then just vanished. It didn't speed away, it's like it just disintegrated.

I closed my eyes and within a few minutes was jarred. I opened my eyes to see the blinking orb again but much closer than before. Maybe like 400 yards. Then a much larger blue orb appeared just beyond the trees on the ski run. I was staying at a life long friends home in Mountain Village Telluride, CO that has direct access to the ski hill (ski in ski out). The blue orbs distance from me was no more than 150 yards. It must be know that at no time during this entire experience was I ever frightened. Not even the slightest bit of fear. My heart was accelerated from the excitement but fear wasn't a part of it.. 

At this point the thought crossed my mind to go get my friend down the hall in his bedroom or get my phone and video, but somehow knew if i did "they" would leave. I intuitively knew this display was for me and me only. I was focusing on the blue orb so intently that I could feel it. I felt it knew I wanted to see more. As I continued to focus on the blue orb a light began to emit from it in my direction. It's impossible for me to describe the light. The light was incredibly fuzzy. That's the best word I can come up with. It seemed like it was pixelated/foggy. I felt an overwhelming sensation of peace and what I can only describe as a disassociation with my body. What follows is incredibly hard for me to put into words. I felt as though I was dreaming but I know I wasn't. I have a horrible habit of dipping tobacco snuff and I had one in my mouth the entire time...this is relevant later. The part that felt like a dream follows.

The following events all felt telepathic and that is why I believe it felt like a dream. A being, that if I had to guess was about three and a half feet tall appeared in front of me. I was no longer in my bedroom and am still unclear as to where I was. The being was with no question a female and while not human had a very similar phenotype. Her head and eyes were shaped a bit differently, body was much more diminutive, but as my memory serves she had blue eyes and such blonde hair that it was almost white. I don't know how to explain it but I felt as if i knew her. She was incredibly sweet and it felt really good to see her again. It felt like I was seeing her again, as if I've known her for an eternity. She was childlike and as I previously stated was so incredibly sweet. I have zero recollection of any type of communication beyond that. My only further memory of the event was seeing a craft speed off and just disappear with a trail behind it...it was classic ufo disc shape and that part all felt telepathic as well...and the perspective my memory serves was not from my bedroom as i witnessed the discs departure. I'm not too clear where I was. This entire event is hazy and some of my memories are far more clear than others. I then found myself laying in bed trying to make sense of what happened, took the snuff out of my mouth and eventually fell asleep. My dreams that night were consumed by the being I came in contact with but I have no memories of what they were about.

Also, the skin around my lower torso is incredibly rough and itchy since my experience. I have no idea if there's a correlation with that or not. 

I am in high hopes that I'll be able to talk to someone w/in the MUFON organization about my experience. I know only three people in my life that wouldn't think I was absolutely crazy if i shared this with them. Thank you so incredibly much for taking the time to read my story and am so hopeful someone can reach out to me and further discuss my experience.
