{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-31 22:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505718","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53126","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2693,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/718/mufon-5505718.json","updb_database_id":5505718}
{rjl} Sitting in car and saw 8 lights; 3 in triangle formation, 1 released an object, 4 hovered and zig-zagged in the sky

I saw the first object at around 7pm. I was pulling out of my driveway and saw a star jolt side to side. The other passengers in the car saw the object as well, and it did appear to jolt to them. It was glowing orange very brightly. Then after a couple of hours(10:30pm), I was sitting in the car, waiting for my sister to come out of a new years party that she was at (we were party hopping) and I looked up at the stars; it was a very clear night. Then as I glanced over at the home which she was coming out of, I saw 2 very bright lights (like a light on top of a cell phone tower) flying very slowly at a 30 degree angle going up, flying north. The lights pulsed bright orange. I grabbed my camera in an attempt to film the objects, and filmed the scene from here on, but it is hard to see the objects in the video. They were flying side by side. After watching them for about 1 minute they just disappeared; then 3 reappeared just below where the 2 just disappeared. The 3 lights flew in a triangle formation quicker than the 2 that I had seen before. They were flying North in the West sky. I then thought that I was seeing meteors or jets of some type. I looked across the sky and saw an individual light flying North in the East sky, but then it just stopped. It sat in one spot for about 2 minutes and then a glowing object was released from it but the object stopped glowing after about 100 feet of descent. Then the object jolted side to side very quickly and continued to fly north for another 20 seconds before it disappeared. Later that night(11:30pm), I saw a very bright orange star move suddenly across part of the sky and stop in a formation of stars that appeared to form a V. It stayed there in the top corner as long as I checked (still there at 1am). 
I really do not know what these were, but I want to know. I don't know how they disappeared in a cold, clear night like it was. It is very odd to me. I did not drink alcohol; it was not an hallucination.
