{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-29 20:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499718","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3114,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/718/mufon-5499718.json","updb_database_id":5499718}
I see Obs all the time 7th one this week Some have landed on my roof others come within 20 feet and one did hieroglyph maneuvers that my wife/neighbors saw.

Tonight the Orb just flew south.I see them almost nightly. But one night my wife and I saw an orb doing Hyroglific maneuvers in the sky for 30 min's and the next day the neighbor said he saw it too then it stopped and stayed in the same spot for an hour then slowly moved off to the east. Another night I went out for a cigarette at 3AM because I couldn't sleep and saw a laser like beam of light(about a foot wide and white in colour) come from the side of the house. It crossed the neighbors back yard across the street and the next neighbors back yard. At the time just thought it was the neighbor with a flashlight but thick cedar trees surround our yards. went around the corner of my house and didn't see anything so I went back to bed. The next morning My wife and I were having morning coffee on the deck and she finished and went to water the front garden. She came to the back yard screaming my name because she saw the remains of the neighbors pet rabbit spread all over our 2 lawns. The bulk of the fur was right where I saw the light come through the trees just 6 hours earlier. The neighbors white rabbit wasn't in it's cage and the type of cage it was in the door was in the top and they had a 5lb rock on it to keep it closed. The rock when I took the pictures was still on the cage or put back? The funny thing is there was white fur everywhere but no blood on anything? The white fur/grass,nowhere! As I followed the trail of fur from their yard to ours(20-25 feet) at the end of the trail in our yard found the rabbit's lower jaw bone with the teeth.(Still have some fur and the jaw bone.) The funny thing is the neighbors weren't around and the next day they packed up and left without a word to anybody! Being their ground floor bedroom window was 3 feet above the rabbit's cage I wonder what they heard or saw that spooked them so bad?
