{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-01 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485030","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3086,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/030/mufon-5485030.json","updb_database_id":5485030}
{rjl} A friend and myself observed a orb over the skies of newark N J airport and lower manhattan hudson river area

In the last week of March 2011 I was relaxing at home smoking a cig after a small meal when I notice a bright object in the sky over Newark airport NJ. At first I studied the object and observe closely because of its brightness. I was expecting a plane. What I saw was a large orb in a circular shape and extremely bright acting in a bobbing motion and what it seem to do was move in a very short distance fast. I thought It was a plane at first but it's speed and movements planes can not do.It was to big and to bright. It then moved a short distance further north and closer to Manhattan in the sky of 14th street and the Hudson river. Its movements were unlike any plane I see fly at night. Bobbing at times and at times staying completely still. No sound what so ever. I was a little excited but focused enough to realize this is something I have never experienced before. I live in a 24 story building with an open view of lower Manhattan east to west skyline. My windows face approx 270 degrees south west. I can view the open skies over Newark airport N J and lower Manhattans Hudson River. 14th street east to west view. I asked my friend who was standing behind me to view this light and its large bright circular orb shape. It seem like it was completely still. No sooner then I asked him what can it be it moved straight up counter clockwise and stopped at ten o'clock. It moved in a large space of the sky in a moment. To describe this in seconds is to much time. That's right, It made a large question mark in reverse in the sky of NJ. What seem like just over the sky of 14th street Hudson river. I was jumping in my apartment realizing I had no recording device. It was parked at 10 o'clock bobbing slightly. It then moved from 10 o'clock to 5 o'clock releasing a ashy light before stopping. This ashy light glowed and slowly faded into the clear no cloud sky. At this point it started to move like a stone skipping on water moving very fast going east toward long Island. It came over west 14th street toward east 14th street' over the east river toward Brooklyn and all the way out toward Long Island. I lost sight of this UFO as it passed directly over my window. I GOT A EXCELLENT CLOSE UP VIEW AS IT PASSED MY WINDOW GOING EAST. my windows face West only. The duration of this experience lasted about 3 to 5 minutes wide awake with company. I KNOW WHAT I SAW.
