{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524030","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/030/mufon-5524030.json","updb_database_id":5524030}
Star Like Orb - Unusually strong pulsating light - numerous colors/patterns

Extremely bright, star like objects seem to appear out of nowhere on the Western Shore of Lake Harris FL. Have been watching for some time. Sightings occur at random, most always after 10pm. My P.O.V is approx. 3 miles from object. First sighting, object pulsated like strobe light, hovering north to south, then to and fro. Object also hummed, as electricity (you could almost feel it, and no, it wasn't an air boat - extremely electric). This particular sighting (late august), the light instantly deadened into laser-like, non directional bright red light (not a boat light, I see thousands of them) and disappeared for the night. It is alligator hunting season on the lake right now, and I know a spot light, (or air boat) from something unusual, as this light is not directional, and perhaps many thousands of watts - something unlike of even the strongest spotlights. It also appears that the when light gets excited, nearby dock lights and street lights nearby on the mainland began to pulse and flicker, as if a magnetic field is being disturbed. The luminosity of the light is also not of a typical indacacent, or led lamp - just too dammed bright and mesmerizing. Light is extremely bright, sharp and clear, changing many colors as a morning star, pulsating from a small flicker to a ball of electricity in milliseconds. Light suddenly appears and disappears at random - maybe 10 minutes, to several hours, sometimes moving, sometimes not, (it doesn't seem to have a schedule). Another unusual aspect of these sightings are the location of the phenomena - always on the west shore, where development is very scarce, near Yalaha (doesn't seem to enjoy human company). Object appears to be "smart", as every time I walk to the dock for photo's, and vid's, instantly vanishes to reveal faint, small, green/blue, and red lights, appearing to synchronize in unusual patterns, only to reappear once I walked back away from it (very spooky). I have also noticed that overhead OIA, Leesburg air traffic, and passing boats seem to make it hide until the coast is clear.  On one particular occasion, light was instantly joined by several other lights - some appearing to "wind" down the hill to the shore, and then hovering above the lake, sometimes disappearing and reappearing in different locations immediate to original location. I have lived on the lake for over five years and have never seen something quite so seemingly un-human. I decided to file this report (I couldn't "nah,it's probably a boat" any longer. - 9/16/2011 - as this particular sighting, I studied the sky to find that overhead lights that I though were stars, were moving very erratically at very high altitude, if not LEO - very strange to say the least, as if the overhead lights and lights on lake were working together. As fore-mentioned, it is hunting season (I hunt myself) and I have been wrong before, although I have seen many hunting boats with spotlights that look like dwarfs to this thing. I suppose it may be wildlife officials, however, why the same location numerous nights, and with such erratic, somehow pointless and almost impossible behavior? There are many thousands of acres of water here. I seriously doubt that law enforcement would patrol just 1/1000 of the water coverage. Just doesn't make sense. I will update mufon on future sightings, as I will research (and watch) a little further. I hope someone else has seen this phenomena. I really don't feel like being the village idiot ya' know. As a note - the particular location of phenomena happens to be the deepest point of this, and all connecting lakes, and is also home to a few fifth magnitude springs. I found this to be a interesting. Peace!
