{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-11 09:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529030","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3246,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/030/mufon-5529030.json","updb_database_id":5529030}
there and gone

At 9:48am EST, travelling southwest on i70 past the Indianapolis International Airport. (I drive this route 20+ times a week for work) 

The GPS coordinates for the location were approx 39.42 N x 86.17 W  with a wide south/ southwest viewing area.

The sky was clear and near cloudless with the sun out of visual area. The white ellipticle disk shaped object was hovering in the air, seemingly near the treeline. There were no other objects nearby, as this is just outside the flight area for the airport.

I was not sure at first what it was. This did not resemble any planes or helicopters and was hovering in steady fashion. It was a flat white shapeless color, non reflective, unlike a plane which gleams in the sunlight.

It suddenly increased its elevation a great distance. Then from a dead hovering stop, it moved latteraly to the left quite a distance, stopped, then shot straight up and out of sight.  The entire visual and movement experience lasted only 35 seconds. 

I was in disbelief at first, and spent the next 10 minutes watching the actions of the planes as they left the airport. This object, while at a similar altitude of the banking planes, did not move as they did, nor did it leave a residual vapor trail. The planes that I had watched took near 2 minutes to get out of visual range. Unlike this object that took only 35 seconds to vanish. 

As the object shot straight up into the upper atmosphere, it took only seconds to be completely out of visual range.


As being the founder and lead investigator for MRIPA (Midwestern Researchers and Investigators of Paranormal Activity) I have spent the last 14 years researching and investigating phenomena. For the last 3 years we have been working very closely with MUFON Indiana on joint efforts. (our credintials and information can be found at *(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg). 

We take great care and detail to ensure that as much information can be passed on to MUFON as possible.


Attached are a few pics of the area (taken ater in the day on my way back through).  I have *added* the respective motions and locations for a clearer visual with a black dot, even though the object was white. The treeline is over a mile from the airport.  POV was open and clear with almost no clouds at all. In respect to distance seen, I tried to make the dot as close to size viewed at each location.
