{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-28 16:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472030","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88407","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/030/mufon-5472030.json","updb_database_id":5472030}
{jpg} two black circles together, the bottom one swung like a pendulum while flying north at the same time

I was at home today out in my backyard talking to my son on the phone and noticed a strange object flying towards me but west of my house going north. It was two circles connected together with a pulsing light, it was black and not reflecting light. The motion of this was bizarre, flying forward, but also the bottom circle swinging like a pendulum.

 He is a science student at a university so I began to describe this to him, stupified as the bottom circle would swing from the 8 o'clock position to the 4 o'clock position while flying from the south to the north . First it was lower and I thought it might be a drone, but I realized as it came closer how fast it was going and the size and it was not reflecting the sunlight but had a light pulsing. The circles looked solid and were dark in color, matte. 

The object was in my sight for at least 2-3 minutes and then just vanished. There were no clouds, blue sky, clear day. I was so speechless I called my dad who is retired Air Force to ask what that was, too low for a satellite, and did not reflect the western sun. He had no idea what could fly forward but swing like a pendulum at the same time. 

He suggested maybe NASA was flying something new.  I was completely dumbfounded by this experience.  It was NOT a normal aircraft, not a weather balloon, not a regular aircraft.  When it just zapped out of sight, I really wanted to find out what it could be?

My son had no idea what it was as I described it to him, then got off the phone to call my dad. I knew my cell phone camera would not be able to capture it clearly, and I did not want to take my eyes off of this. 

I am a highly educated person, 2 master's degrees, and not prone to mis-identifying things, and I am telling you this was NOT normal.
