{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-11-22 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291416","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111920","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/416/mufon-5291416.json","updb_database_id":5291416}
Dark boomerang the size of two football fields glided silently approximately 500 feet above us. No discernible lights, but appeared to mimic stars

It was the second full moon of November, 2003 and along with a clear sky, a full Lunar eclipse was scheduled for that evening. My friend and I took along my husband to the local cemetery to do some ghost hunting. None of us had any thoughts of UFOS. As we pulled into the cemetery, we noticed how bright the moon was and noticed the eclipse was beginning to occur, so we stood there, marveling at the sight. Slowly we noticed movement in the sky to our left and turned to see the most enormous craft. It was the size of two football fields and was gliding silently along at about 5 to 10 miles per hour. We could see the outline because of the brightness of the moon, but there were no observable lights on the craft. As it glided overhead, there appeared to be an attempt by the craft to fake or mirror the pattern of stars above it, but it just didn’t look right. We all stood there, cameras in hand, but too shocked to think of taking a photo. As the craft glided toward the moon, it appeared to increase speed and “fold” up upon itself. We quickly checked with each other to see if we had seen the same thing. Two of us saw what I described above, but my friend didn’t seem to be able to see quite as much, even though it was directly over our heads. We also checked our watches and looked at the moon to make sure we weren’t missing time, which we weren’t. I have seen UFOs before as small lights in sky, but this was completely different and amazingly huge.
