{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-04-20 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517416","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40592","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6373,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/416/mufon-5517416.json","updb_database_id":5517416}
(gs) Dogs upset,pictures taken at night,objects caught in flash, sometimes lighting up, can see over camera, Multiple sightings/photographs/witnesses.Going on for years now.

The entire story is online at [link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]. I type with one finger. It took months to relate what is there. Many, not all of the photos are there. I was at home,my dogs were freaking out, I took some photos. I got pictures of these things, I thought it was camera trouble but I did not erase the photos. I wanted to think about them. Then the next night on a hunch I went outside to the same area and took a photograph. In the first photograph there were dozens of these things. Eight seconds later in the next photo they were all gone except two. one was hiding behind some indian corn and another was hiding just around the end of my home. By taking note of where they were and letting them calm down (wait an hour), I was able to get many incredible photographs. If I could get close enough to one and surprise it....It would light up. After the first ambush/surprise photo they would generally not light up brightly again. however the insides of these objects seemed to be full of smaller objects like themselves. These smaller objects would often light up even when the larger object was trying to remain dark. Neighbors have also seen these with their own eyes.My wife has seen them with her own eyes. One man saw two of them up in the air on the night of a full moon. He had time to get his telescope and camera and took photos of them. I did not see his photos but he has seen mine and I asked him if what he photographed was similar. He said yes. Another neighbor told me that he sees them with his own eyes in the daylight and in and around his home.This neighbor is a well respected member of our community. I am not nearly so respected and neither is the man with the telescope. You know you are in the weeds when your wife and yourself sit around foe three weeks talking about,"These things". When there are not even words to use...you are in deep ####. I have a dog that chases these things around at ground level and yet I have photos of them over my house. Are they playing with my dog? When she would chase them, I couldnt see what she was chaseing. But she would tear out in a big circle and I photographed her at a dead run, leaning into a turn and looking directly at one. I have photos of these things flashing brilliantly. I have photos of them refecting in the window of my truck and the window of my house.I have photos that show them streaking away in mid photo.  I took my photos to the chairman of biologocal science at a major university. I took a disc of photos to our local TV station. They called within five minuts said they couldnt see the photos and asked me what they were. They could however see the graphics that had my name and phone number. So I took them a hard copy and they threatened to call the police on me if I ever returned. They werent taking any chances though. They called the police on me preemptively. The other TV stations in my area wanted me to give them my photographs. They didn't offer to put them on the air, they just wanted them. I said hell no. They said if I really had anything that I would just give it to them. I called CB# network news division and spoke to a nice young man there. I sent several photos there. He told me that he would like to see more but his bosses wouldnt show them. They wouldnt talk to me further and told me to take it up with the local affiliat. I have emailed photos and called the ASSO. Puss to no avail and I have shown the photos ,still on the camera to five foresty dept. officials. They suggested That I put them on a computer for a better look. I gave a hard copy to a state Biologist and he intimated that they were indeed sending photographs of these things back and forth to each other. They may have actually been my photos because I gave a disc to the chairman of biology near where there offices were. I contacted the photo editor of the major newspaper in my area. I sent an email to the chairman or ex chair of Cal Tech JPL. I even tried to call NASA. Only could get to a personell number...Of course no reply. I have sent my photos to wikki leaks and the Guardian Newspaper in UK. Even though we can sometimes/not always see them with our own eyes over the camera. NO scientist has made the 14 mile trek to my home. only a couple of friends and a couple of neighbors and my wife have seen them. Finally, I have seen one at arms length in broad dayight. If I lose this email I will have to start all over. Thats plenty for now. Let me know something. Over and out.  PS I only can upload at 2.7 kbps. My photos are online please look there. Thanks
