{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-11 11:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527416","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28212","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/416/mufon-5527416.json","updb_database_id":5527416}
~3 minutes of unidentified sound in sky and ~5 seconds of unidentified metallic egg shaped object in sky

I was doing fieldwork on the Middle Yuba River with my co-worker (we are biologists for a private company). We were located ~2080 river feet upstream of the Tahoe N.F. Oregon Creek Day Use Area (see file 1). It was a clear day except for isolated clouds. We were wading along the north bank of the river, when we both noticed a sound to the south of us. I thought it sounded like a flock of geese at first; my field partner thought it was a murder of crows. The sound continued for about 30 seconds, not changing location, pitch or volume. But then I noticed that the sound had a discernibly metallic tone to it, and it started to slowly rise and fall in pitch. At this point we both stopped wading to try to figure out what the sound was and where it was coming from. The sound continued for ~ 45 seconds/1 min, not changing location but in my mind it started to sound like a metallic monkey or banshee, and it had a "diffuse" sound to it, like it was moving in a cluster around a static point. I was scanning the sky to the south/southeast, trying to locate a group of birds when I saw a shiny metallic, white, egg-shaped/oval object move from west to east, coming just above the treeline on the hilltop to the south. It was moving east. See file 2. I know this sounds like "Mork and Mindy" but that's what I saw! If I had to guess I'd say it was no bigger than a hang glider in length. It looked seamless, with no windows, tail, or wings (although I only had a profile view of it). It was moving relatively fast and did not deviate from the horizontal axis that it was on. It passed in front of, then through a cloud and did not re-appear on the other side of the cloud . I had no more than 5 seconds to view it; my field partner did not see it at all. The sound continued for another 30 seconds to a minute before abruptly stopping.

I can't say I felt scared, maybe a little creeped out, but mostly I was just confused as to what was going on. I didn't specifically ask my co-worker what she felt, but she didn't seem too freaked out by the incident. After the sound stopped, we both said "what the hell" and carried on with our work.

It should be noted that there is a large Lockheed Martin community in this part of California, and there is a Lockheed Martin facility approximately 2.25 miles SE of where this incident occurred. New aeronautical technology? Regardless we could not identify the sound and I can't identify the flying object that I saw.
