{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-24 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529416","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3782,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/416/mufon-5529416.json","updb_database_id":5529416}
Witnessed 4 UFO's in under an hour, the first was like a triangle with a tail, that disappeared and then reappeared hovering over my backyard

At approx. 6:45 pm at dusk in LC,Louisiana my husband and I were in the backyard of our house, when I noticed something moving over the treetops and pointed to my husband, we did not know what it was . It appeared to be a black object with a tail below , and it was moving sideways slowly. The tail did not look like typical fire, it was a glowing white substance and it would flow beneath it for a few moments and then disappear. We watched the object, along with our children as it sped up slightly and moved toward the East and then disappeared suddenly. We were able to take a few photos and tried to film it , but it did not show up on video. We thought that it was over , so I went in the house to get my shoes as soon as I went in the house my son called that it was back and I ran back out , My husband said that in the few seconds that I went in the house , he was talking to the kids and then casually looked up in the air and the object was silently hovering directly over him and my stepson, it was so close that he and my son got a pretty detailed look at it and it was definitely a craft of some type, he was shocked and tried to get the camera to take a photo , but oddly the memory card was full( which has never happened) when I got outside it had already begun to move back toward the East and the tail started appearing again. We watched again for a couple of minutes and it disappeared once again.
A few minutes later we noticed several aircraft (planes) circling our house in an unusual flight pattern, more planes started showing up, I was about to go into my house for a moment and my husband yelled and we all went back to the yard and looked up there was a large white,bright ball of light that was not flashing , just solid, It was moving very fast across the sky, there was a plane behind it trying to keep up and a plane coming from the other direction and then suddenly it grew dim and turned red , then disappeared. The planes were left flying around as if looking for it. At this time there were about 10 planes in the sky. We then saw two more "chases" each with a fast moving solid ball of light that disappeared. The planes started to all head south in the direction of the Gulf of Mexico. Once in the house I had my husband and son draw what they saw hovering above them and I have included the drawings, which turned out very similar. 
The strangest part to us is in a matter of seconds after we first watched it disappear, it reappeared over our backyard, like it knew we saw it or something, we live in a large neighborhood with lots of houses, and of course not a word on the news , it's as if we were the only ones that saw it, please report it if you saw this in our area.
