{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-08 20:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505416","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53443","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/416/mufon-5505416.json","updb_database_id":5505416}
{cak} Large boomerang with clould-like mist/haze/heat wave around it, flew straight line NE over Ankeny, IA

It was October 8th at 8:55 PM and I had been outside on my deck for about 20 minutes watching the Draconid meteor shower when I caught movement in my peripheral to the Southwest. My initial reaction was that it was one of those large spotlights but in the time it took my eyes to move to the object and adjust it was clear thats not what I was seeing, not to mention there was not a single cloud in the sky for that to reflect off of.  

It came directly over my roof so I was looking straight up at the bottom of the craft and it was heading just slightly North-Northeast. It was a large boomerang shaped craft, with fairly defined edges like a "V". One of the more strange aspects of it was the haze that was around it, the best way I can describe it was a white mist that was wavy, like heat waves coming of your car or the street in the summer. Ive even described it as looking more like something gliding through the ocean than it did something flying in the sky.

As I mentioned it was a crystal clear night, and the craft was completely silent so there was no point of reference to gauge how high/close it might have been. If it was as high as a jetliner, then this thing was thousands of feet wide and moving at thousands of mph. Either way this thing was definitely huge, and ungodly fast. Its worth noting that I grew up and have lived within just a few miles of the Des Moines Intl airport for all my 29 years, and am well versed on different types of planes and their flight characteristics, including the F-16s that were stationed here, and stealth bombers that often fly over from Missouri, and I can say without question this was not a conventional aircraft

It glided smoothly and silently with the same trajectory until it disappeared on the horizon, which took about 20 seconds to do so. Thats compared to the several jets I had seen before and after the sighting that took 4 to 5 minutes to do the same. 

I was in such awe that I didn't even consider getting my cell phone out to try to get pictures or a video, and I don't think it would have picked up much anyway, as cell phone cameras do not handle the dark well at all. Whether this makes lose credibility I don't honestly care, but I have been interested in UFOs for quite some time and have never heard about one with this kind of mist around it before.

I don't know why I didn't do my part and report this to you guys right away, but I got on a kick about the sighting again and was google image searching for something that resembled it, and found this blog that had a link to your site, the second picture down with the purple writing on it is a very very close depiction of what I saw: 

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

Thanks
