{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499416","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/416/mufon-5499416.json","updb_database_id":5499416}
Multiple white objects very high, one close encounter

My daughter and I first witnessed between 20-30 objects way way up in the sky. They at first appeared to me as stars but then we noticed that they were moving. A plane flew overhead, the objects were both below the plane and above. I had wondered if it was waste from the plane but then we noticed that one was slowly decending lower and lower. We followed it until it was tree top height. It was a super dense, hovering and rotating cluster of bubbles. It was irridescent and not falling nearly as fast as I felt it should be. We saw a neighbour walking his small dog. I called him and showed him the object now about 20feet in the air. He was just as dumbfounded as I was about what it was. 

My intention had been to follow it to the ground but another dog came bolting at us. My neightbour protected his dog and I looked after my child as I watched it go over a roof top. Once the stray dog had left I walked around to the front of the house but found nothing. Looked breifly in trees, groud and sky. It was gone. 

We continued on walking as we were en route to my parents house for dinner. I called my dad freaking out. He was outside with his binoculars when we arrived. We were able to focus in on one of the remaining objects still very high in the sky (approx 5 were left). It looked like a cross or a cloaked angel. White, flowy, twirling, falling like a leaf. Slowly they all disappeared. I took some horrible photos with my iPhone, none of the bubble cluster of course. I spoke with Tim Wilson tonight, also of Burlington. One of your investigators has already spoken with him. He encourgaged me to contact you.
