{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-05 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504416","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3156,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/416/mufon-5504416.json","updb_database_id":5504416}
{nd} Pulsating orb with ring, changing colors rapidly. Moving short distances rapidly in all directions.

While bringing trash cans to end of driveway, I looked up into the night sky and observed the constellation Sagittarius. To the left of the constellation I noticed what appeared to be a very bright star. However it pulsated and changed directions very rapidly. I moved into the road, which was very dark with a clear line of sight away from tree branches, and noticed that it continued with this color and travel pattern. Several aircraft flew in different directions, at what appeared to be much lower altitude, during the entire time of observation. 

I am convinced that this was no plane or helicopter, due to the rapid ability of the object to change directions constantly and stop. I then came inside my home and told me wife to accompany me to observe the UFO. We continued to observe the object for approximately 20 minutes. A neighbor came out to place his trash cans at the curb, and I called him over. He claimed to be a military pilot in the past and tried to explain it as one, at first. But when I pointed out the rapid direction of travel while not following a flight path, he couldn't explain it. 

I had my cell phone with me and for the first time, decided to try out the video taping function. At this point in time, I'm not sure that it recorded, but it enabled us to zoom in on the object. It was at that time that we could see the vivid colors pulsating on the surface of the orb, as well as in a ring that appeared around it. 

I came inside to get my video camcorder, but found the battery was not charged. At the time of this report, I'm not sure if I have the video on my cell phone, but will try to find out how to retrieve it by checking on line (its a company provided cell phone - Motorola Droid Razr). 

I should mention that I had observed multiple UFO's in 1967, when I was 14 years old, which rapidly changed flight paths before bursting at high speed into space. I've often checked the night sky and haven't seen anything resembling a UFO until this point. 

I have prior law enforcement experience, with extensive observation and investigative skills while in the corporate security profession for over 35 years. This includes report writing and court testimony. So I have established total credibility throughout my career. I have also been a certified NJSP certified security officer Instructor since 2007.
