{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-01 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485416","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74321","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":19433,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/416/mufon-5485416.json","updb_database_id":5485416}
{dr}Observed 15 flashing colored lights, solid white orbs and domed-shaped flying discs. Two discs morph into black triangles. Military jets fly by. Entity contact.

We live in Kirkland near the shore of Lake Washington. The west side of our home faces the lake and is covered with floor to ceiling windows. From all three levels of our home we have an unobstructed 180 degree view of north Seattle, from the NOAA facility at Sand Point in the south, all the way up to Sheridan Beach in the north. On the night of 1 April 2015, my 11 year old daughter decided to sleep with me in my room. The bedroom lights were off and we were ready to fall asleep. After a moment or two, my daughter noticed an aircraft flying south in the sky over north Seattle and she asked me if what she was seeing was an airplane. We both agreed that the aircraft in the sky was not moving like an airplane. Seconds after that, we noticed that there was a solid white orb higher in the sky to the right. We were commenting to each other about how bright it was and wondering what it was because it was stationary in the sky. It looked like a tiny full moon. As our eyes were fixed on the orb, an object deployed out of the bottom of the orb. The object descended vertically and rapidly for a distance and then without decelerating, it made a 90 degree turn and began flying south. Once it began to fly south we could see it was a domed-shaped disc. The bright white orb began moving around the sky but no more discs were deployed. A moment after that, multiple domed-shaped discs began to appear in the sky, but I do not know where they were coming from. They began appearing out of nowhere. 
My daughter and I began to realize that there were also bright colored lights flashing in the sky. They flashed and moved rapidly, changing location frequently, disappearing and then reappearing. We determined that there were three distinctly different types of objects in the sky1domed-shaped discs, bright white orbs and flashing colored lights. Soon there were up to 15 objects in total flying in the sky. The time that elapsed from seeing the first object until seeing 15 objects in the sky was about 2-3 minutes. It began to occur to me that I couldn1t hear any sound, so I slid open our large windows and listened. There was absolutely no sound coming from any of the many objects that were in the sky. I was surprised to not hear anything with all the flight activity in the sky. We are accustomed to seeing and hearing commercial aircraft in the area, as well as smaller private aircraft and seaplanes, and you can hear all of those whether our windows are open or closed. After noting that there was no sound, I asked my daughter to check the time, it was 2217. I also asked my daughter to go get binoculars. 
My daughter and I continued to watch as the domed-shaped discs flew around the sky. I viewed them through binoculars, she through her naked eye. The crafts and their lights could be seen well with naked eye, but seen extremely well with binoculars. The distance from our shoreline in Kirkland, to the shoreline in north Seattle, is approximately 1 mile. The discs were flying approximately another .5 mile to the west of the north Seattle shoreline. So we were witnessing this from a distance of approximately 1.5 miles. The discs were smooth and metallic silver. There were two large bright white lights, one on each 1end/edge1 and red and green, and occasionally blue, lights flashed both rhythmically and randomly at three tiered levels of the central area of the craft. 
Some discs flew a flight path from Sand Point to Sheridan Beach and back, repeatedly, in an elongated oval flight pattern. Other discs flew randomly. My daughter made a comment that some of the discs1 flight behavior gave the impression they were searching for something or mapping something because of the precise patterns they continually repeated, and other discs appeared to be playing with each other in the sky because of their seemingly random and playful maneuvers while interacting with each other. At one point, three different discs were coming in from three different directions heading on a collision course towards each other at an extremely high rate of speed. If they would have continued further they would have collided, but instead, they reached a close range from one another and then abruptly stopped dead in the sky, forming a triangle formation, pausing for 10 or 15 seconds and then breaking formation and resuming flight, accelerating rapidly from a standstill. 
We observed discs frequently change directions during flight. They did this by rotating while staying on the same horizontal plane, in other words, they did not bank or tip to turn. When they would change direction they would not decelerate. We witnessed discs making 90 degree turns without decelerating, and once the directional changed was accomplished the disc would sometimes accelerate even more rapidly, disappearing from sight in an instant. Of all the discs flying in the sky, two consistently remained stationary. The first static disc was positioned over the NOAA building at Sand Point, the other was just to the left of that and further away in the distance.
About 5-7 minutes into this amazing flight show, things really got interesting. I had my binoculars fixed on one particular disc as it was flying south. My daughter was also looking at the same disc, but with naked eye. We were having a conversation about that particular disc. I could see this disc VERY CLEARLY. All of the sudden the disc began a slow bank to the east. Prior to and while initiating its turn it appeared as a disc. Then mid-bank, it morphed into a black triangle. As it was tipped fully vertical I could see that it was an equilateral triangle. A complete triangle, there were no notches, and it was low profile, no dome. My daughter and I both gasped at the same time when this happened. It was incredible. She too witnessed the transformation, but with her naked eye. The disc literally morphed into a triangle in front of our eyes. The shape was not the only thing that changed. The lights were different too. The triangle began flying east, towards Kirkland. Once it fully turned heading east, its distinguishing feature became an extremely bright singular light located on the right of the triangle, just back a bit from the front tip. At a distance of approximately 1.5 mile, the light was very bright in our eyes, like the brightness of a stadium light. At a distance of about 1 mile, it was difficult to continue to look at the craft through binoculars because of the intense brightness. As the triangle continued east, at a slow pace, the light intensified and became too unbearable to view through binoculars and I had to drop my binoculars and put both my hands in front of my eyes. I positioned my hands to blot out the light, but still be able to see the underside of the triangle. There were no lights on the underside of the triangle. There were no lights anywhere else on the craft except for the singular light on the front right that was blinding us. This becomes important to note because something very interesting occurred as the triangle passed the shoreline of North Seattle and began flying east over Lake Washington. With my hands above my eyes I couldn1t view the entire triangle. I could only see the underside of it and the geography of land and water below. I knew the triangle had passed beyond the shore of north Seattle because a bridge of light appeared on the lake. The light appeared on the lake directly below the position of the aircraft, not in front of it, never in front of it, but only directly below it. So, because of this, I could gauge how far across the lake the triangle was coming based off of the bridge of light on the water. But there was no light being emitted from the underside of the triangle that would account for the bridge of light appearing on the lake directly below the craft. The bridge of light was an amazing color of white. Very bright white, but a cool white light, easy to look at. The bridge of light was straight-edged and the same width running the entire length. Imagine a ruler. There was no diffused light or fading out of light onto the water beyond the left and right edges of the bridge of light. Only a straight edge of light, total darkness of the lake on the left and right of the bridge of light. The width of the bridge of light was three houses wide. This bridge of light was directly underneath the central area of the triangle. So, the central portion of the triangle was three houses wide. So, in estimating the total 1wing span1 or width of the triangle from left tip to right tip, my guess would be in excess of 300 feet. As this triangle continued to fly further east, the origin of the bridge of light continued to touch, or maintain contact with, the shoreline of north Seattle and never faded in intensity from its point of origin on the shore even as the triangle continued to fly east while the bridge of light beneath it stretched east in following the path of the craft. There was definitely no light emanating from the underside of the triangle, only a bridge of light being created on the water. It gave me the impression that the central portion of the triangle was electrically or chemically interacting with the surface of the water. Based on the distance the bridge of light extended east across the lake, I could see that the triangle had flown half way across the lake. So I was now viewing the triangle from a distance of .5 mile. The triangle was nearly completely straight ahead of us, it was just slightly to the left of dead center of our house. The light coming from the front of the craft was so intense my eyes were watering. My daughter couldn1t stand the light any longer so she turned around and sat on the floor and covered her head with her arms. She was very upset and felt like she was in danger. I remained standing in front of my open window with the craft continuing on a slow approach directly in front of me. This triangle was enormous and there was absolutely no sound. The triangle then made an abrupt 90 degree turn on a horizontal plane and accelerated to the south and was completely gone in an instant. Even upon acceleration, there was no sound. A few seconds after that, a disc that was flying over north Seattle also began to morph into a triangle and fly across the lake too, but this was occurring further south near Sand Point. I believe this was a second morphing disc. I do not believe this was the first morphing disc just reappearing in a different location. This second morphing disc didn1t make it very far across the lake before it instantly turned 90 degrees and flew south and was gone from view in a flash. 
At that same moment, my daughter and I began hearing a high-pitched sound originating from the north and closing in fast. It was auditorily obvious that the military was coming. Two jets came from the north, flying south straight down the center of the lake. They flew below the tree line in a front to back formation. They were flying so low I could see the side of their jets without tipping my head to look up. The jets were dark grey with no markings and there were no lights. They showed up at approximately 2230. They ripped down the lake and just kept going. All the objects flying in the sky above north Seattle, the domed-shaped discs, the flashing colored lights and the solid white spheres, did not alter their behavior. These objects seemed unaffected and/or undeterred by the military fly-by. Likewise, the military did not linger, it was as if they just zipped by to get a look. 
My daughter and I watched the activity in the sky over north Seattle for about another 15 more minutes from my bedroom. My daughter was tired and shaken. She wanted to sleep but did not want to leave my side because her nerves were shot and she was frightened. She would not lay down in my bed because she did not want to be far from me, but I wanted to continue to observe from the window. We compromised to move down to her bedroom on the main level, which is directly below my bedroom. Her bed is much closer to the window. We moved to her room and she got in bed. I continued to look out the window and watch until the last object disappeared from the sky. The last object to leave was the disc that was stationary hovering over the NOAA building the entire time. The duration of these events that I witnessed was from 2215 to 2325, 70 minutes. I got in bed with my daughter since she made me promise her I would stay in her room all night and sleep with her. I fell asleep in bed next to her. I was nearest to the windows. The entire west wall of her room is windows, with no window coverings. At some point later I started to wake up. I began to consciously become aware of the room. I was lying on my back with my head tilted toward the windows. I began to open my eyes. My eyes were fully open and my mind was fully aware when I saw the center window begin to change. The first thing I noticed was that there was light 1dancing1 around the outside of the window. Brilliant jewel-toned blue, green and red lights were flickering outside the window. The lights began to intensify in color and movement, it seemed the lights were coming closer to the glass. There began to be white twinkles incorporated into the colored lights. Then I saw a gentle ripple-type effect on the glass and the glass seemed like it was watery and vibrating and then the glass opened up like an aperture on a camera. I could see the colored and twinkling lights so clearly, swirling at the window opening1it was like looking at a mini universe. Then four small beings walked through the opening and into the room and positioned themselves at the foot of the bed. They looked like stereotypical 1greys1. They were nearly identical in size and all were about 41 tall. They were humanoid, with large heads and large black eyes and long thin arms and hands. Their integumentary system was grey and appeared thick with some areas of their face and body having deep creases, giving each one individual character. They took up position at the foot of the bed with two standing very near each other on the right, one standing more to the left and one slightly behind the others in the gap between. There was a definite hierarchy/job division amongst them. The one in the back was in charge of the group. The pair to the right collected data and the singular one on the left recorded the data. The two data collectors wore a device on their left wrist or possibly held it in their hand. It was hard to tell which because the device twinkled with colored light so I couldn1t quite distinguish if the device was attached to their wrist like a watch or if it was being held in their hand. The device did not make any sound. Their presence in the room was totally silent. The singular data recorder being was not holding any type of device, it recorded data in its mind that was transmitted to its mind from the pair of data collectors. 
I was lying on my back but couldn1t move my body. It was like my body was shut down but I was able to breathe and my eyes and mind worked. I knew my daughter was asleep because I could hear the way she was breathing. The greys did not speak to each other through spoken language. They communicated with one another through their thoughts and I could clearly hear and understand their thoughts. The first communication among them was initiated from the pair of data collectors when they looked at us. They seemed surprised. I heard 1There are two.1 They were referring to my daughter and myself. I got the sense that they were not surprised by finding two people sleeping in one room, but rather that they were surprised by finding two identical people side by side. This discovery seemed to intellectually stimulate them. The pair on the right began taking readings from us at a distance with their wrist devices. I was able to understand what type of information was being relayed from the pair collecting the data to the singular one recording the data. Just by pointing the device in our direction they instantly knew everything about our biophysiology. They read our vital signs, the size and weight of our body and individual organs. They read our body mass index, blood type and PH. They knew our blood and tissues were healthy, our system was free from sickness or disease. They knew our age. They knew I had reproduced and that my daughter had not. They knew our eye color and read our dermal ridging. They took particular note of the length of our hair and fingernails. They read how fast our synapses were firing. They measured our brain waves. They were able to ascertain EVERYTHING about our biochemical-electrical system from a distance. Then detailed information began to transmit about our DNA. Not long into the DNA scan, something was discovered about our sequencing that led to an interesting conversation between the pair of data collectors and the one in charge that resulted in all of them immediately ceasing and leaving. I do not want to share that conversation publicly here, but I will share that information privately with a MUFON investigator. When they left the room I was able to move. I am guessing the duration of this entire event was less than 5 minutes. I was shaken and could not go back to sleep, I stayed up the rest of the night. My daughter slept through the whole thing. 
The domed-shaped discs, flashing colored lights and solid white orbs returned in the sky every evening for the next 6 nights, from 2 April to 7 April. But on those six nights the only thing that occurred was flight activity over north Seattle, there were no more triangles flying over the lake, no military fly-bys and no more visits by greys. I have amazing video footage that I shot that week and also footage from 27 May (which involved a fly-by along the Kirkland side of the waterfront by a huge black helicopter on the morning of 28 May). Also noteworthy to mention is that every night for the first half of April 2015 there was a very large, very bright, very colorful sparkling ball in the W 1 NW sky. It was a long distance away in the sky. It was a large sphere that twinkled blue, red, green. It was very, very bright. In one of my videos it appears closer in the sky and one of the flying crafts flew close to it and there was an amazing interaction between the two. It was phenomenal. I am submitting one digital photo. If you zoom in you can see along the central horizontal portion of the pic there are two objects, a small spec of yellow/green light more to the left and on the right you will see a large disc.
