{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-26 02:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528416","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27163","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/416/mufon-5528416.json","updb_database_id":5528416}
B-2 shaped aircraft covered with lights hovering in one spot

I was driving home from work on the sunday morning after christmas 12/26/2010 at 2:25 am and it was snowing lightly.I was traveling on matowomanbeantown road going from 301 south to rt 5. i was aprox half way down the road, where the park and ride is located at, when i saw a huge aircraft about 200ft in length emerg out of the clouds about 100 ft over the tree line. The first thing i noticed when i saw the craft coming out of the clouds was that it had an unusal amount of lights on the front of it to be and airplane. Being that I am in the aerospace industry i see large aircraft on a daily basis and none of them have that many lights. Nevertheless i was just thinking it was a large plane flying low. i continued driving slowly and watching it and shortly after it came out of the clouds, it banked a hard right maybe 60 degrees or more and at this point i could see the entire shape of the craft. it had lights covering the entire priemeter of the craft and what seemed like what would be the cockpit/fuselage it had lights surounding that part too. in the center of the craft where the fuselage would be at there was a red blinking light ontop of the craft and one on the bottom of it. this is what is called and anticollison light required by all aircraft flying in US airspace. i got excited at this point because i thought it was a b2 bomber and i have never seen one before. being that ive never seen one before i was not sure of the light pattern of the b2. it had the exact same shape a b2 has except the tail of the craft cut straight accross from wing tip to wing tip. the b2 has several triangle shapes on the tail of the aircaft. once the craft came out of its 60 degree bank and leveled off it just sat in one spot and did not move. at this point i pulled over because i was amazed that it stopped and hovered. i did not think this was a UFO, but was just some sort of aircraft that didn't exisit. so i pulled over and got out of the car expecting to hear a very loud enging running because the craft was hovering and it takes alot of power to hover an aircraft. i got out and i heard nothing but silence. thats when my heart started to beat really fast because i had an idea of what i was seeing. i went to grab my phone to take and picture and the lights just went out. i could still see the craft in the sky being that it was no more than 75 ft from me and it was snowing so it was easy to see. the craft was dark almost black and i could still easily see it hovering. i watched it for about 5 mins with its lights off just sitting there hovering. after the 5 mins it just started to slowly move out of sight and that was the last i saw of it. i did not hear any jet aircraft in the area which i thought was wierd because i was just outside of andrews airforce base and you cant get near that place with out setting off some sort of alarm. i know of 3 aircraft that can hover and two of those are stationed in the area i work and live. those being the osprey and joint strike fighter. both of these make alot of noise. this craft made absoultly no noise and just sat there and hovered. i havnt the slightested idea of what i saw that night. not sure it was man made or not of this earth. im leaning towards man made because of the anticollision lights located on it. but i know of no aircraft that is 200ft on length and can hover with out making any noise. i will truly never forget this expierence.
