{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527321","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28310","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3798,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/321/mufon-5527321.json","updb_database_id":5527321}
I saw close to what Cliff Thomas saw

I do not have a date but it was 1997 or 1998. I was with a friend who will know. I do not want to contact her for specifics so it doesn't look like we set anything up. I drove her up the Northeast extension of the PA turnpike to pick up her last check from a supermarket she worked at. We went to high school in Warminster but after high school she moved up there with a boyfriend. She can tell you where I have no idea where it was.They broke up and she came home so I drove her up one day to wrap up loose ends.On our way home heading south on the northeast extension we saw way out in the distance a very tiny blue light squiggling around. We acknowledged it and started talking about aliens and stuff but it really seemed like it could be anything it was so far away. After seeing the other story on your Bucks county episode her name was *(Name deleted--CMS/sg) I feel like i remember a stationary red light way out in the distance next to the dancing blue light. I can't say that the red light was definite but the blue one was. We began to talk about weird things and basically disregarded the strange lights until the real sighting happened. I was driving, it was about 15 or 20 minutes after seeing the blue dancing light, there was a bright light casting a dominate shadow across the turnpike. I thought it was a light on a power line or tower. I thought nothing of it until the road changed. The light went out making the road much darker. I instantly said what happened to the light. We both were looking up out the windshield when we saw it. I said what is that. She said that's a plane. I said that's not a plane. She said again that's a plane. I said that's no plane. She said that's not a plane. I instantly pulled on the shoulder and we both jumped out. If I had to bet I would say it was man made. It is very close to what Cliff Thomas saw but smaller. Maybe one of the segments of his bigger UFO. No sound just hovering above the tree line 4 highway lanes away. We were close almost under it. It had a light in the center of the underbelly but it looked like a spotlight nothing special and it was shining down but it looked man made. It started to slowly move forward with no sound when I said lets get out of here and we ran back in the car and took off. About a year ago I sent her an email after I found her on facebook just saying do you remember that night and she responded when we saw the UFO. I never want to get in detail with her so I know she saw what I saw.I'm sure I have the email and I have not since contacted her. She can give a year and month i'm sure since she had a big break up and her employment is on record somewhere. I know Bucks has had a lot of sighting and even special UFO events at the Community College but I never felt the urge to tell my story until I saw something that was similar to what I saw. Cliff Thomas, looked man made completely silent and the rendition gave me chills cause guess what i'm in Bucks County too. I was closer than him and it was just night no rain or lightning just a normal night. The two of us saw it up close. It wasn't as large as Cliffs sighting but I know I saw something from the same maker.
