{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492321","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67227","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4431,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/321/mufon-5492321.json","updb_database_id":5492321}
{rjl} Disc shape with concave outer edges dome like structure on top

This happened a long time ago yet I remember it like it was yesterday. I was about 12 y/o.and my friend about 15. After watching your Hanger 1 show many times I felt compelled to file this report.
One day after dinner a friend and I went fishing on the beach at low tide. When it began to get dark (about 8pm) we decided to go home. We walked about a 1/4 mile to the opening of the sea wall to our street. As we walked up to exit, we both looked up to see a large craft hovering feet above the wet beach sand about 1/4 mile away. 

The craft was very large I would say about 6" - 8" wide from our perspective. I would guess that would equal nearly 75'-100' in diameter. 
It was disc shaped a dull grey metallic color with concave outer edges which sloped inward making it wider on the bottom than on the top. On the top deck there was a smaller dome like object in the center. The outer edges of the craft had port holes like structures that pulsed with yellow/ white lights that flashed sequentially around the craft. The dome on the top had smaller lights and there was a much smaller dome beneath the craft with lights. 

It seemed like several minutes that we observed the craft, but in reality it was more like 5-10 seconds. Without a sound it rose higher to about 100'off the ground shifting position several hundred feet now facing east. as it continued to rise the front of the craft tipped to a 45 degree angle and what looked like a lightening bolt of bright light ranging from pure white to yellow to almost orange the craft vanished. The entire process of departure took maybe 2 seconds. 

We looked at one another with amazement and fear. We ran home (100 yards)and told our parents. Naturally they laughed at the prospects that we saw a UFO. We were insistent that we saw something we had never seen before. We knew it was a UFO. I remember my father reading the news paper the following day, and in the paper there was a report of a police officer further away wrote that he saw something that evening. I believe he took a photograph (which was in the paper) as it departed which showed up as a negative because it was so bright. Our parents retracted what they said to us the night before since a police officer saw it too. 

This part of the beach is used by many people at all times of the day. There were over a dozen people walking that area at the same time we witnessed the object. It would be highly unlikely that they did not see the craft since most were closer to it than we were. I believe some were within yards of it.

After that encounter we(many people)sitting on the beach at night would see small red balls of light streaking across the surface of the ocean almost nightly. It became the thing to do at night. Go to the beach and watch the red balls. The orbs would cover incredible distances (about 10 miles) in mere seconds. They would then join up to form a single larger sphere and rise into the night sky and become a bright star.
indistinguishable from the millions of others. This occurred many times for many years. One night we(5-10 people) sitting on the beach having a bonfire witnessed a very large brilliant object rising behind Eagle Island about 2 miles off shore. It was about 9ish and getting dark. One of the adults said it was the planet Venus. I was about 14-15 at the time and knew better that it wasn't Venus. As it rose above the Island it became obvious that it was larger than the Island was long about 1/4 mile. It too rose slowly into the night sky and within a few minutes looked like another star, yet it moved with incredible speed and made several sharp angular turns. We never saw the lights again after that.

I do not have a any drawing of the craft, but as a trained artist I could easily do one.
