{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-12 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475321","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84975","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/321/mufon-5475321.json","updb_database_id":5475321}
Brief observation of high-speed unidentified aerial object above Fort McMurra

The time was approximately 5:30 AM. The date was approximately November 12th, 2016. I seem to recall having trouble sleeping that morning, so I stepped out onto the back deck to check the weather and have a cigarette. The deck of the house provides a view of the NW, North and NE areas of the sky. It is a residential neighbourhood so a view of the stars is somewhat obstructed by other houses and some light pollution. I recall the air feeling a bit crispy but warmer than usual that time of year. I feel it may have been just above freezing. The sky was relatively clear and stars easily seen. 

I was looking at the sky to judge cloud cover and look at the stars.  When looking north I noticed movement to my right, in my peripheral.  I looked towards the NW and saw a faint object moving in a straight line approximately 351 above horizon, more or less parallel to the horizon. I focused on the object about 401 to the right of north and visual contact was only made for approximately 301 of the sky. I lost sight of the object before it was in the east. It was very faint and, i believe, I lost visual contact with it because of light pollution and houses blocking my view. 

The object itself had a slight whitish/ grey glow. It was a dull slight glow with no bright intensity whatsoever. Lengthwise, it was about half the width of my fingernail held out at arms length. It was shaped like a grain of rice on its side. What I remember most is the speed at which it travelled with no typical "shooting star" characteristics. Visual contact was 1-1.5 seconds. I thought it may have been a meteorite or a piece of space junk. I did notice it moved as rapidly as meteorites I've seen in the past, but with no intense glow, tail or other similarities. 

I delayed in reporting because I felt that, if it was a legitimate sighting, it was not significant. However, I eventually did report it because who is to say that any testimonial to this phenomena is not significant!
