{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-02 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290321","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6030,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/321/mufon-5290321.json","updb_database_id":5290321}
Observed bright pulsating light south of my location

I believe it was December 30, 2020 (give or take a day) when I first observed a bright red pulsating light over Washington DC. I know the relative position of the Washington Monument (WM) and can see its indicator light blink in the distance. This bright red light just appeared suddenly what looked to be West of the WM around 8:30pm. After several minutes, It seemed to fade into the distance rather quickly and disappear. I’m a private pilot and aviation enthusiast and I’ve not seen anything like this before. 

For reference, I live in MD northwest of DC about 10miles and from the rooftop of my building I can see the top 1/3rd of the Washington Monument. 

Tonight, January 2nd, I happened to look out and there it is again at ~9:35pm. A bright red pulsating light at almost the same location as I previously observed it days earlier. I watched this red light pulsate then suddenly seem to speed off into the distance arcing in the sky slightly to the east and increase altitude but was still barely visible. Much to my surprise I saw a bright red streak flash in front of this red light and it disappeared and reappeared at the end of the red streak of light which disappeared within about half a second. The red light then began blinking rapidly, two identical lights then appeared and all three began moving east to west rapidly, then they became 5 seemingly buzzing around each other rapidly then suddenly come to a full stop. 5 became 3 and then 3 became 1. I was just stunned by this and I didn’t think to grab my camera. This event lasted about 2min. (9:35-9:37pm)

At 9:38pm began taking pictures with my iPhone 12 showing nothing in the sky and suddenly the bright red light appeared again and I have sequential pictures taken merely a second or so apart showing nothing in the sky and suddenly it’s there right where I saw it initially. The light continued to pulsate and then it seemed to fluctuate in brightness. For 5-6 min I recorded video of this red light. During that time it seemed to fade but then began moving west to east at what seemed a speed not much greater than a jet. Given all the controlled airspace around DC and the maximum allowed speeds...this light was definitely moving faster than these speed limits. 

I continued to observe it move west to east and eventually fade and disappear. Moments later, after i had stopped recording, I saw a fast moving aircraft flying from southwest to northeast and maintaining its altitude. I could see it’s indicator lights flashing and this suggests it’s heading was north northeast. Suddenly it appeared to roll over and maneuver to a lower altitude which appeared to be about that of the bright red light I’d seen moments earlier. This aircraft then headed east as I could only now see one indicator light flashing. It was moving very quickly across the sky. I believe I heard the faint roar of a jet engine, which sounded like a fast moving fighter plane. 

A few minutes after seeing the aircraft disappear behind a building, I looked to the southeast and east of DC and saw one stationary greenish light, not terribly bright, and then a bright red light slowly flashing just above it. I began filming again. Their altitude must have been thousands of feet in the air (maybe 10-15 degrees above horizon) and these lights remained stationary. As I write this at 11:44pm it’s been well over an hour and they’re still there. I don’t believe they are towers or stars/planets, etc. I don’t know though, I’ve not seen those lights in that direction before. Perhaps one is a star/planet and the bright red flashing light something else entirely. 

That first sighting tonight before I got my phone to record was something else. I’ve never seen anything like this in the sky before. I can’t say I’ve ever seen a UAP before and after seeing the same phenomenon on two different days, and the incredible movement and action this red light took... it’s hard for me to discount what I saw. I’m very scientifically minded and and am very familiar with aeronautics and physics and what I saw I don’t believe can be easily explained. 

My father was a nuclear physicist, pilot, and worked on the Star Wars program while in the AirForce. I was on the phone with him during this event and he was just as mystified as me. 

2021... here we go...
