{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-19 11:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501321","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57740","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/321/mufon-5501321.json","updb_database_id":5501321}
{nd} A fleet of 10+ white orbs in alternating formations moving from northeast Manhattan southbound.

I was at work, and as I was talking to another employee outside the establishment. I happened to look up into the sky. (Looking back on it, I believe it was by instinct or a feeling that I looked up) Then I saw a small white dot about 1+ mile away, well over the treeline, slowly move in a horizontal line, in broad daylight. 

I said, "What is that?" I had to hold my right hand to block the sunlight, and then I saw it slowing down to a near stop (that's when I noticed an orb shape and said to myself that I had to run inside for the company camera) It was there for a few more moments and then it continued on in a southbound trajectory until it simply disappeared.I knew that an airplane couldn't slow down that way, and it didn't look like a helicopter or aircraft, or balloon (pretty typical sights in Manhattan) 

As I was observing, a strange looking old lady, who happened to be in the park adjacent to the facility asked me what I was looking at, and I said, "I think it's UFO!" The other employee and another passer-by were all saying,"Wow!" and she said, "Oh yes, a UFO, They're looking at us..", or "They know we're here". That made me uneasy. I shot 7 quick photos. The most interesting part is that when I went to check them on the computer, it wasn't only the single orb that came up, but several others near and far, basically scattered all over the picture. 

I didn't bother sending it to the news or calling ATF at LaGuardia, even though many people told me to do so. The white speck is in the center/left, moving from left to right. To the immediate left of the main (closest)orb are two more orbs in the background next to it. Images 5714 and 5715 are the most compelling to me. I never thought I'd see a UFO sighting period. Especially in Manhattan, and especially a mass sighting in broad daylight. Truly fascinating. I'd really like to see if the image can be rendered more to see the object more clearly as it is a little pixelated as I zoom into the image.Please let me know what you see if you clean up the image, I'm extremely curious. Thanks.
