{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-01 19:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513321","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3411,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/321/mufon-5513321.json","updb_database_id":5513321}
{dr}nighttime- was extremely bright in sky which caught my attention & after it went over me it turned abruptly a 90 degree angle upward & vanished

I was driving down a neighborhood street at night on my way somewhere and I saw an extremely, noticeable light in the sky. I knew it wasnt a plane because it was too large of a light and did not blink but was a steady white color the same size as if you were looking at a streetlight from afar. I also, at first glance, thought maybe it was the north star until I saw how big it actually was and that it was moving. As I drove to the traffic light at the end of the street, I was at a red light so I was able to actually get a good look at it. It turned toward my direction and as it went over me I realized it was about as low as a plane who was getting near its landing destination (but not as low as a plane landing). It had a bright light in the front of a white color, but was a round blunted point in the front and circled around in the back. Its perimeter seemed to have a few neon colored lights (red-blue-green) but not very noticeable. Also, the front seemed to have lights around the somewhat pointed parted. It went over head where I could not see it any longer, and my traffic light turned green. I started driving and turned right as I was going to, and turned my head completely around to see where it went after I had turned, and this object in the sky turned abruptly upwards in a 90 degree angle and there was a pathway of light in the sky with doted neon lines leading up to an opening of yellow-white light in the sky which the object disappeared into and vanished and the light opening quickly closed and it was all black again. I know what I saw and was instantly freaked out. I am not sure what it was, but it was nothing normal. Afterwards, I had an eerie feeling that it knew I saw it and that was not a good thing. Very strange. The pictures I have attached are of two views. One is the actual view from down the street (before it went over head and was close enough to see well) and you can see the white light at the bottom at the end of the street is a street light (not object) and the object is above that higher in the sky. Notice the relevance in size. A plane in the sky cannot even be compared to a street light from far away. (the bright orange/yellow light is only a streetlight by me) The second picture is not much of a closer view, but rather me zooming in on my iphone 4s camera. I wish I had gotten a video or picture when it was flying overhead, but I was far too amazed at what I was seeing and did not want to miss a thing.
