{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-01-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481321","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78699","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2230,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/321/mufon-5481321.json","updb_database_id":5481321}
I observed an object howering from my backyard then move off gradually

I observed a yellow, orb-shaped object from the backyard of my house as I went to the clothesline to get a shirt that I had hung there previously that morning. It was about 4pm.
The object did not change colour or make a noise and I knew right away that it was not a helicopter as helicopters are noisy and have flashing lights. Right away I thought to myself that this was a UFO. 
The rest of my family had had a UFO sighting before in 1980 when they were chased by a UFO for about 30 minutes, as they drove from Perth towards home, and now I could say that I had seen a UFO as well. Prior to this experience,I was a UFO doubter myself, and I made fun of my family members because of the story they told me - but not any more. 
I estimate that the object was about 2 kilometres away from me when I first saw it.
The object hovered at about 40 degrees from the horizon for about 30 seconds as I looked up the hill. It moved slowly to my left, then it hovered again. It stopped moving to my left and headed directly away from me. It continued heading off in the distance away from me for another minute or so, then headed off slowly to my right.
All up I observed the object for about 3 minutes in all until it became just a tiny dot of yellow light in the distance.
The next day I went on the internet and reported it to a guy at Curtin University who was collecting information about UFO sightings.
I heard back from him sometime afterwards, and I was surprised to hear that no one else had seen this object or reported it as it was during the afternoon and visibility was good.
