{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-07-05 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498321","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60920","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2945,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/321/mufon-5498321.json","updb_database_id":5498321}
{rjl} Mom sighted MIB Agents in Houston Texas

My hmmm, recently passed away from cancer at a very young age. This is unfortunate because I never asked for too many details from her regarding a sighting she had if a radar in a crop field and then a confrontation followed with MIB Agents that and I quote "Came out of Nowhere. All I remember is that she had come to some sort of dead end in a corn field while lost on her way back from work going home. I can't ask her the exact location anymore because she is obviously deceased. I guess I should also mention that she only came forward with this story while we were talking about UFOs together and she seemed genuinely frightened. It took her around twenty years to tell ANYONE this story at all. She got very tense whenever I would bring it up to talk about it. Again, my proof to you that this was a very intimidating and scary experience for her. Back to the story: she was on her way home when she came across a dead end near a crop type of field. Before turning around the vehicle she noticed a pulsating light and rotating radar type of machine that had the grass perfectly cut out from underneath it. Some sort of machine, from what she observed at that time. She said to herself something along the lines of "What on earth is that". She then looked up and saw a black SUV, that "came out of absolutely nowhere". They warned her that she should jot be in this area and that she needed to leave. She tried explaining that she was only lost and they cut her off and gave her very quick and concise directions to get away from the vicinity. These men in black as she described them were very pale, we're wearing sunglasses, and had black suits on. Again this is all going off of the memory I have of my mom telling me the story. They had no identification whatsoever which really baffles me. If they were government why didn't they identify what agency they were from? All these questions are still weighing very heavily on me. I wish I could have asked her more about this story but she just seemed so frightened whenever I would bring it up so I learned to avoid it, she was also afraid no one would believe her. Please, if you guys can investigate this further for me. Any sightings similar to this please forward to me immediately. Thank you for your time reading my report. 
[name moved/cms/rjl]
