{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-06-10 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469171","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91375","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2495,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/171/mufon-5469171.json","updb_database_id":5469171}
{td} UFO was extracting or exchanging energy via three beams enclosed in a sheath from cloud to ocean.

I was fishing in a open rowboat on in coming tide about 100 feet east of Peanut Island in the mouth of inlet. Suddenly with no sound a magnetic like transparent sheath about three feet diameter appeared about 30 feet from me ( Towards the shore) to my half left.. the sheath extended from the surface of the intracostal water way to the underside of above dark cloud.
When I first noticed the sheath of energy, I thought to myself that I am surely dead.
Inside the sheath there were three smaller shafts about 9 inches in diameter the full length of the outer sheath. The three shafts were solidly filled with broiling energy interminggaling with itself like a mixing of ying and yang in colors of black, orange, red, yellow. It was hard to distinguish what direction the energy was flow was taking.
While looking at he event a school of bottlenose dolphins , about 8, had gone through the inlet and were heading north in the intracostal to my half right.
First seeing all that energy so close to me, I was sure I was going to be incinerated. I looked at th hair on my arms to see any static, there was none. Turning back from looking at the dolphin, the energy shaft was gone and between me and the location of the shaft, a killer whale and her pup swam about ten feet from the land ward sid of rowboat and slowly swam alongside of my anchored boat. I tried looking into her black eyes to see my reflection to no avail. The two whales slowing swam north, following the dolphins, who at this time were about 1000 feet north.

I bring this up now after reading about the navy pilot reporting seeing a UFO hovering over the water with no visible prop wash on the surface of the water.I believe that what 
I saw was the part that the pilot did not see and way there was no wash on water surface.
