{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1958-06-10 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501171","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57903","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/171/mufon-5501171.json","updb_database_id":5501171}
Visitation from the age of 6 to the age of 12

This may seem like a weird experience to anyone who reads it, but I have been thinking about this all my life, and it's time to tell it to someone, before I die. Unlike other people who think that UFO's are an imaginary phenomena, I know they are real.
As a small child, I used to spend a lot of time alone. My mother worked at a Tobacco factory, in the nearby town of Cidra. My father was out of the picture, and my brother's and sisters were married and gone. I was the youngest and was left alone in the house while my mother worked.

Around the age of six years old, I started to have these experiences. We had a small farm of ten acres, and I used to spend a lot of time out in the woods exploring, collecting bugs, and catching river crabs. I know this sounds weird but in the 1950's in the Island of Puerto Rico, this was common place for a child to do. 
My first experience came as I was looking in a marsh near my house for water hyacinths. The marsh was deep and full of mud. I walked into the water to try to get one of the flowers which I loved so much. It only took a second and I felt myself being pulled in by the mud. I was up to my head in mud and I knew I was not going to make it. Everything went dark. The next thing I remember was me laying on the grass on the side of the marshy pond. Covered with mud from head to toe, and a small figure of a man or woman, standing by my side. The small person was wearing something extremely light reflective, so much so that I could not make out facial features or sex. As soon as it realize that I was ok, it disappeared in a flash of light.
I went to the river on the other side of the house and washed myself and my clothes the best I could,I told my mother when she got back from work what had happened, she laughed and said it was probably an angel (although I think she did not believe me).
After that, like clockwork, at least twice a week, I was taken from my bed around midnight, taken to a place full of blinding lights and then dropped back in my bed shortly before daylight. I can't say with any certainty what was it that they were doing to me. I could never remember anything except for the bright lights, before and after. Every time was the same, a beam of what appeared like a slim tornado composed of mostly a fiery substance would engulf my body and I would feel my body bouncing back on to my bed after it was over.
There's only one thing I know for sure, they increased my IQ. My understanding of school subjects was such that the teachers were amazed at my progress. I graduated from high school as the highest grade average of over 400 students. And even at my age I still know and understand a lot more than most people.
While I was still alone and playing in the woods, I knew I was being followed, I would look back when I heard food steps and I could see the branches of the trees parting as if someone was making way to walk through. I was never afraid for unknown reasons. They used to leave me small messages or treats; rounded cones that looked like big rooster talons,filled with a yellow substance that when placed in water would produce a blue light, akin to the flash of an old camera flash. Sometimes I would wish for simple things and somehow they would appear, like a glass of water, a blue butterfly, a colorful iguana. I don't have an explanation for those things, but, they were I guess their way of keeping me entertained. My mother would tell people that I had a very active guardian angel, which thinking back now, I find very amusing. She was a very catholic woman and her belief in angels was strong.

One day after I started elementary school I woke up with the chicken pox. The teacher said I better stay home. So I did. During that time, three small figures, covered with small black cloaks appeared at the foot of my bed almost every day. I could never see their faces, but, I knew they were there to watch over me. During this time, they talked to me, well, not talked but communicated with me. I could hear their thoughts. They told me many things about the many civilizations of the cosmos, and how many of them were like us, just beginning to see the light. They also told me about how many were so advanced that even they revered and respected them. Growing up it always seemed unnatural to me not to believe in extraterrestrial civilizations. But I became very aware of how close minded many people of my time were to the concept. So I mostly kept it to myself. I didn't want to be described as crazy.
As I grew up the visits became less and less frequent until they stopped all together when my sister's children came to live with my mother and me.
During the many visitations I learned a lot from them. They told me many times that I would never be alone, and I'm not talking about angels here. I'm talking about the assurance that there were many more civilizations in the stars, and that they would watch over us until the right time came.
I was also told that we had much to learn before we could meet the others.
 This year I was diagnosed with a rare blood disease, which could cause a stroke at any time, and I didn't want to go to my grave without telling this story. I don't know if it would be of any use to anyone, or if anyone will believe me, but I knew I had to tell it.
