{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-07-10 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493171","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66350","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2400,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/171/mufon-5493171.json","updb_database_id":5493171}
A 'star' started moving at high speed

Our home was near downtown Montreal. My father and I were sitting on our balcony. The sky was unusually clear that night. Normally, skies in large cities are not clear due to lights. I have always loved looking at night skies.I was looking at the heavens when directly above my head I noticed two stars very close together. I had never seen stars so close together,nor have Ithe decades since. I kept staring for about a minute because it puzzled me. I finally asked my father to look at them. He noticed them to. One of the stars started making a circular motion around the other star. Obviously, it was not a star. We were dumbfounded. Halfway around, it pulled away and moved southeast It was moving very fast. It continued looking like a star.Unfortunately, a building was in the way and we lost sight of it. We both agreed that it was not of this earth. A week later,I happened to see a short article in a large Montreal newspaper. The president of an aerospace company was having a vacation with his family in England. They were walking along the cliffs of Dover at night.He happened to see two stars unusually close together. One started making the same motion as I have described. He kept looking and an astonishing thing happened. It abruptly moved at what appeared to be a ninety degree angle to its trajectory and then moved forward. A bit later it repeated the exercise,all this at a high speed.He stated that after what he saw he had no doubt that there is intelligent life in the universe. It is possible we saw the same thing thousands of miles apart. He was fortunate that his view was not obstructed.Unfortunately, I never contacted him.Stupid on my part.Decades later, it remains solidly in my mind and for an unknown reason the sight has always troubled me.
