{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-06-20 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488171","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71480","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3816,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/171/mufon-5488171.json","updb_database_id":5488171}
{cak} The main craft was triangle black which was like the night sky. But there were lots and lots of them

My cousin had moved to Louisiana, from California. I rode with him to get the last of his belongings from California. We had drove what seemed like forever. We were on the desert hwy headed to into California, and we started seeing search lights east of the hwy. we were on lots of them. I guess when entering into California you stop at a checkpoint. My cousin had been through this a lot of times, I've never heard of it. He made the comment how deserted it was as we pulled up at the checkpoint, one was open with a man standing there with no expression on his face, was just going to wave us through. I leaned across from the passenger side, and asked about all the search lights off to the east. He looking at me never raised his eyes to see what I was asking about, like you could miss them anyway? And simply said what search lights. We drove off. 
  We are driving maybe 5 mins. And it hits the fan there are 40 to 50 maybe more crafts like I've never seen all different shapes and sizes, moving in every direction seemed to me that they were looking for something. Then we see it a small craft lights still working blinking, rotating no noise though It had crashed dug in the dirt nose first, it was I guess egg shaped ???? I told my cousin to pull over he did reluctantly. I got out and started back down the east side of 4 LN. Hwy with a median where the craft had come to rest. Then I came to my right mind, the crafts were all around the crash site still looking for something. 
So I turned and started back to our car. At a good jog speed, out of the dark in the median of the hwy. this I don't know how to describe it humanoid I guess, comes shuffling with it's arms outstretched to me, I remember it seemed for some reason to me to be adolescent it was 10 to 15ft. Away from me and I'm sure looked as afraid as I know I was. 
  It shuffled out into the pavement still coming toward me as if it expected me to protect it, all of the sudden a very non- described black car with what I could tell 2 men in it wizzes by from out of nowhere and hit this, thing never even tried to stop or avoid it. In my opinion. 
I turned and now at full run headed back to car and cousin who was now at this point fit to be tied. 
   Now this huge craft triangle shaped covered both sides of hwy. it looked like the night sky lights that looked like stars in the night sky descended down 50 ft. Directly over our moving car and stayed over us even if we slowed down or speed up it stayed right on top of us. Made a light buzzing sound was all the noise it made. And I don't know how to explain it but smelled like a fuel but no fuel smell I've ever smelled before or after. 
  And now I'm thinking it's occupants in the big craft are thinking I had killed the crashed Being I also noticed there are no other cars except us on either side of Hwy. 
 There is lots more but I feel silly telling the whole thing I've told a few people and always been laught at. But swear it's true and goes on longer than where I stopped just have kept it to myself along time but I see why others look at me like I've lost my mind.
