{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-25 09:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511171","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47201","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/171/mufon-5511171.json","updb_database_id":5511171}
{cak} Object was traveling in straight line until I put my flashlight on it then it changed direction toward me !! Ended up doing an s shape and when I started to my door it just dissapeared !

Ok here I go again !!! 4th sighting last month , outside with my dogs again , when out of the north west comes an object the color of a soft white lightbulb , so I do my usual thing and shine my maglite on it!! This time this object slows turns towards me making a c pattern while doing so! When it gets closer to me it is barely moving, I happen to have a walking stick with me and I took it and started pounding on my deck steps, trying to get my wife to come outside!! The object starts turning back away towards se direction and finally is just s bound towards the top of closest mountain!! So , I started up my steps in a quick walk without taking my eyes off of it . When I got close to the top step the object just dissapeared !!! I don't know what happened it made me mad too ! Because my wife missed it by about 15 seconds , I was so mad I cussed her !!! Where were you? I couldve been having a stroke or broke my leg down the steps!! The object couldve just shut its lights off and stopped to watch me ? It didn't cross the hill , it wasnt close enough!! The lights on this or the whole thing changed shape,3 times!! As soon as I got in the house I wrote down everything , the shapes time date , direction speeds , anything that might help ! Ive done this on the big sightings , like if they fool with or interact with me , it has paid off in the past, on one case mufon confirmed that about the same time just one county over, someone reported the same thing !! I was told someone would come from mufon to see me , that never happened, sorry guys but its the truth!! If you don't believe me check out sightings in Minnie and McDowell ky!!! Thats me!! Somthin strange is going on in the bluegrass state, and nobody cares???????
