{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484171","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75666","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/171/mufon-5484171.json","updb_database_id":5484171}
{nd} Witnessed 2 BRILLIANT white lights approx 20 ft apart: thought tthey may be drones but silent; then after coming close sped off and out of sight in seconds

My husband, 11 year old granddaughter and I were enjoying a warm summer evening out on our deck when we (all) witnessed 2 brilliant white lights in the sky flying at the same speed and direction and coming closer to us. At first we thought it was a small plane as an airport is about 2 miles away, but as they got closer, we thought they might be drones. It was an amusing situation at first. After moving in our direction, we realized that they (at the same time) stopped and seemingly hovered for several seconds (though it seemed longer at the time) over some close trees at which point I said "hey maybe they're aliens"... and we had a good laugh - for just a couple of seconds. I started jumping up and down waving my arms toward the lights still thinking they were drones (except that after the fact, we realized they were absolutely dead silent) and my granddaughter and I were yelling "hey - here we are!!". Only a couple seconds later, they RACED off at a VERY HIGH speed and away from us in slightly different directions; one seemingly following the other and in LESS than 4-5 seconds, they were completely GONE! It was at this point we all looked at each other in disbelief and were like "oh my god - those were UFO's!!". Excited at first but after telling the story to my daughter, she sort of thought we all crazy (or making it up!), so we have kept it to ourselves as "our SECRET" until I decided to tell the story here. Ever since that night, I look up at the sky every clear night I can, and wonder what they were and where they went and hoping they'll come back! It was SUCH an amazing experience but yet I have also been plagued by strange and very realistic dreams and some nightmares about the incident and what might have happened! I am so thrilled to have had this experience in my life, even though I don't dare tell people I know for fear they will think I'm nuts!
