{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-07 16:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284171","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119255","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/171/mufon-5284171.json","updb_database_id":5284171}
2 Black Metallic circular crafts hovering over my city.

Standing in my back yard, my little nephew looks into the sky and was like, what in the world is that. I looked up and saw 2 UFOs hovering in the sky. They were side by side, round, dark metallic objects. I immediately took my phone out, which is an iPhone 12 Pro Max, and recorded 8 total minutes of these objects in 4k video in a total of 3 videos. The video quality is exceptionally good but the objects were still far away and at times looked blurry almost looking like they were trying to cloak or disappear in a way. At first they were close by and then moved a ways apart and then back close together before heading west towards Fort Polk military base. During the event, a passenger jet flew right underneath the two UFOs. In the video you can clearly tell these things aren’t jets or planes or drones or anything like that. I’ve seen things like this plenty of times before in my life. I instantly knew what this was or have some kind of idea what it isn’t. They definitely weren’t stars because of the time of day. They weren’t satellites or drones. I’ve seen like 40 to 50 starlink satellites in a row before just like the video that y’all have up. I have a star and satellite tracker app on my phone and nothing showed up on my app. Also, I served 6 years in the Army and 18 months in combat in Sadr City, Baghdad, Iraq 2008-2010. I know what drones look and sound like. The event happened at 4:45 pm a day after daylight savings time changed. The objects at points were glowing bright in the sky almost like stars. The sun was just starting to go down, so I’m sure the objects were some kind of dark metallic reflective metal because the sun was reflecting off of them. That’s the only reason we saw them was because of how bright they were shinning. Other than that, they just looked like black balls hovering in the sky. They looked to be rotating at times. I’ve seen things like this in the sky before. I’ve seen triangles flying faster than anything I’ve ever seen in my life twice within a 2 week period. My first experience witnessing UFOs was in 2006 just getting out of basic training and AIT for the Army. I was at my moms in the same city as I am in now. It was 9:45pm and there was an F-18 fighter jet circling my neighborhood. It was so loud that it was rattling the pictures on the walls. I walked outside to see all of my neighbors standing outside staring up at the sky watching this jet fly in circles. My mom walked outside and as soon as she did, the F-18 flew in the center of the circle towards what appeared to be two bright glowing stars at the time. When the jet got closer the 2 stars took off from a dead standstill. You could clearly tell that these glowing starlike objects weren’t planes or anything else of that nature. The object on the right side appeared to fly upwards into outer space and disappeared and the other object flew West then SW and the F-18 chased it until we couldn’t see it anymore. I had never seen anything take off from a dead standstill and fly faster than a fighter jet. Every hair on my body stood straight up and at that moment in time, I quickly realized, we are not alone in this universe. That moment changed my life. Since then, I keep my eyes in the sky and I have witnessed several things that are unexplainable. I always try to logically explain things or debunk things before assuming it’s UFO or UAP. The 3 videos are in order as to what we saw. The 1st video is 0:14 seconds then the 2nd video is 4:17 and the 3rd is 3:21. The 2nd video (4:17) is the one where the jet flys underneath these 2 objects @ 1:16. I’ve zoomed in and have taken a few screen shots which I will post also. Nothing really crazy happens in the videos. It’s just something unexplainable and I would love to know what exactly they are and what are they doing here. I try to keep an open mind about everything because there’s so much out there that we as humans have no earthly idea about. We assume things but in all reality, we actually don’t know. Enlightenment would be nice.
