{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527171","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28468","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/171/mufon-5527171.json","updb_database_id":5527171}
This is more about a tag on my left wrist

*(Wit's name, email and phone number removed--CMS/sg).
DISCLOSURE

  I've got to tell you that I'm sceptical about much of the world and the information we receive from or about it. But from time to time something happens that, even if unexplainable seems to be undeniable. I have experienced just such a series of the unexplainable, maybe you can help me with this ongoing series of incidences and the evidence I bear from them. I now even doubt what is in my left wrist but it is there. For some reason I have gleaned that it may be a tag - tracking device. Maybe you can help and we can learn together.
  Twelve years ago I was working on a fellow film students post graduation first project designed as a portfolio builder. Durring the production I men a man who I became friends with, not only because of our film aspirations but we had much more in common. More than we knew at the start. 
  After the productioin was finished we continued to pursue friendship. I therefore invited him over to my house to not only show some of a mutual hobby but to share a meal over the "barbi'. As we sat in the summer sun enjoying the meal the conversatioin turned to me telling of one of my script ideas. It was based on a fictional "Alien Abduction" from the "Alien" POV. During my telling "Lenn" the outline he stoped me and started with a story of his own, one he apparantly believed in.
  He pointed at a bump on a meridian of the left ankle. As he told me his theory about it and how it felt and what it was I was chilled to the bone as I quietly listened...not an easy thing for me as I like to engage very much. But there was so much more, I had an identical bump in the exact same spot of the left ankle. The symptoms and feelings in it were identical to his. He stated profoundly in his belief that he had been abducted and had received an implant. He liked it and he still has it to this day.
  I however felt extremely violated and wanted it gone. But before I continue on what came next let me describe this "tag" in me. I had discovered the bump on my left ankleat about two inches above the joint several years before. I, at that time felt that I had cought a sliver and felt a hard lump inside. So I was determined to remove it with a very sharp pair of jewers tweezers. It had never festered so having previous experience with metal slivers, that is how I approached my attempt to remove it.
  But the moment I tried to open the bump to extract it I was struck with intense and very sharp pain. Never in the removal of other metalic ar wood sliver had I ever felt somethng like it. And unusually the pain did not subside for three days. I mad a few more attempts all to the same result. I stoped trying and decided thare was no harm as when left alone, it never bothered me. That was until my conversation with Lenn.
  So I wanted it out even more and since I knew someone who claimed to study the subject much more than myself I approached this person and recanted my story. He wanted to see it and became very exited upon seing the bump. He knew another who he claimed was more of an "expert" on the subject and asked if I would meet and discuss further the item and offered just the option I had hoped for, the removal of the item. I agreed and a meeting was arranged.
  The meeting was set for the folowing saturday, six days later.  So I woke up and went to the meeting. The story was once again told to eager ears. I was asked to display the bump, when I pulled down my sock, to my shock and their dissapointment it was gone. What remained could be described as a cleanly removed top half of the bump but there was what reminded me of the calous left behind from metal slivers which had a shape like an arrowhead. Exploring by hand revealed nothing left any deeper. It was gone, whatever it had been in there.
  My new acquantancee told me that this was common. Both were very disapointed. I rushed over to Lenn's house and showed him. Very weird! 
  I did not loose interest though and retold the story frome time to time over the years. Strang thing though...I met even more people with the same or similar "objects" in the same or different locations. Speculations abounded. Through the conversations I started figuring that 6these were placed on acapuncture meridians. I've had treatments and studied on it a bit. Then it evolved in my mind that this object undiferentiated the local tissue and formed a ganglia about itself, hence the extreme pain when probed or messed with. Just a theory.
  When I tried to write this story once I stored it to a floppy, the next morning the disc was blanked. I made several more such failed attempts. Then, as I am an experienced professional photographer I decided to try an experiment, I shoved it ind an X-Ray packet used for safekeeping film through airport machines. That worked and the copy was "safe". It's still around here somewhere.
  But the story continues....
  Four years ago I discovered a new bump on the inside of my left wrist. No memories on how I could have received such an injury to the even more sensitive area of the wrist. It was the same though in all ways to the previus "tag".  I want it gone! But there is even more to this story.
  On April the twenty second of two thousand and nine, ten - twenty P.M. I witnessed an usual object pass directly over my house. It was at about twelve hundred feet because it was under a lite scattering of small puffy clouds that still allowed viewing the stars and constelations. As it approached over the local small town of Junction City Oregon it appeared to be strange. The city lights weren't quite able fo catch a real reflection off it. As it left the lights it became totaly black. As it approached I shook my head as looking away as I asked myself if it was real.
  I am a lifetime member of the astronomical society and know the sky. It blocked the clouds and stars. So it revealed to me it's oultine, a huge triangle slightly indented at its apparent rear end. So I held up my hands and bracketed it, it was big enough that if I tried to hold a basketball that I couldn't have...maybe a larger ball though. As it passed over I heard nothing, observed no change in its slow pace or course. Stranger still...the bump on my wrist seemed to tingle. The object left due west and the entire viewing was approximately two minutes.
  Later as I tried to estimate conventional jets that passed over I guestimated the triangle must have been about five hundred feet wide by three hundred feet long. But back to the "tag" in my wrist.  Last year I was working on a sheetrock project with a bro and scraped it very roughly. It scabed over and as it healed, it left an outline similar to the calous on my ankle. But it is still there and still visible. I would so like someone to take a serious look at it. When going into a surgery through the V.A. last year the radiologist who was sweeping me for any potentialy dangerous metals in my body could find nothing. Maybe it is silicon based. What do you think?  I invite contact and further discussion.
