{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1902-01-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"l50mjp","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182517,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Large flying disc, smaller discs & triangle startles police dogGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
Jewel Valley, California
January 31, 2002

Animal Reaction Feature:
At 5:30 am PST, a border patrol officer was sitting in his car with his male
German Shepherd protection dog in the back seat. The back windows were
1down a little bit so he could get air.1 The witness head a rapidly
oscillating humming sound that became louder, and he was thinking that something
was wrong with his truck. His dog 1got startled, and he jumped up and
was looking out the window.1 When the witness looked to see what the
dog was looking at, he saw a large disc that flew directly over him going
west to east. This disc was followed by more discs, and embedded among the
discs was a large boomerang- shaped object. Aside from the oscillating
hum, the witness also referred to a vibration that could be barely felt.
He estimated the objects were 300 feet (or yards) overhead, and commented
that if they had license plates, he could have read them. He compared
their speed to that of a Cessna.
Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
An INS Agent on the California/Mexican border near Boulevard, CA, alerted
by a sound and by his dog, saw a domed disc fly over his vehicle, followed
by many more similar discs (estimated 20 to 30 of them) with a boomerang-shaped
object embedded among them, which he compared to a military bomber. (Peter
Davenport, Director, National UFO Reporting Center, who took the report, assumed
he is referring to the B-2 Bomber). The witness got on the radio, asking
if anyone had seen aircraft, but he received no reply. At that point
he 1killed all my lights and I hit my overheads.1 When he did that,
the objects started to ascend, became star-like, and were lost in the night
sky. Davenport reported that the witness1s impression was that the discs
were responding to the motion of the boomerang. Although their speed
was compared to that of a Cessna, when they ascended, the witness reported
they became smaller quickly.
The description of the discs was that they 11had a domed top and had circular
lights around the base of the dome11 Davenport1s NUFORC report describes
this as fluctuating illumination around a flange. The lights were described
as different shades of white, from bright yellow to beige, and the discs themselves
were a gray or bluish-gray color. The witness went on to say these discs
did not appear to be high tech machinery to his eye. He compared them to hover
craft made 20 years ago. He thought their diameter to be equal to 2-3
bus lengths.
It was calm and quiet, and other than the oscillating sound and slight
vibration already described, the witness commented that there was no disruption,
rumbling, shaking, or air movement that one would expect for that many jets
flying that low. The duration of the sighting was about 1 minute.
No EM effects (other than the fact that the witness received no response
to his radio call) or physiological effects were reported.
Sources: Report by Peter Davenport, Director, National UFO
Reporting Center (NUFORC). Reported on 1/31/02, posted on 3/11/03.
Peter Davenport, on Jeff Rense Radio Program, aired February 12, 2002,
2nd hour of program. Includes tapes of witness1s initial telephone report
to NUFORC, which occurred the same day as the sighting. This is available
in the archived programs at rense.com.
