{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-31 22:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497102","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2703,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/102/mufon-5497102.json","updb_database_id":5497102}
{dr}Was out side to have a smoke and then it was there. It first was coming from the pandhandle of Florida and then went very fast blink of and eye to the area of McDill A.F.B.

I was standing in my front yard when I observed the light and this is not the first time I have seen this. I was out having a smoke when I saw an orange pulsating light about 1000 to 1500 feet in the air. I then watched as it went from the area from the pandhandle of Florida the north west to the area around Tampa from my self and then a couple of right angle moves and then disappeared going toward McDill Air force base to the south west of my self it went too fast for any normal plane or any thing like that unless we had one single fighter jet that can go faster then any thing I have seen in awhile . It changed direction a couple of times while moving at a very high rate of speed and then it just seemed to disappear in the direction of the Base I have mentioned. I have seen these objects a few times before in this area going close to the same area. I have seen a lot of objects that I just can not explain and this really bothers me a lot. I am an ex military person and I worked on helicopters. I can tell the difference between different planes and helicopters and this is not any thing I have seen in awhile and the color of the lights are just to bright and are to bright . I don't se any thing in orangeish red or colors like that and it was really moving from about a 200 to 400 mile's ion a blink of an eye this is too fast for something that I know of that we have that they tell us about any way. I see these lights and objects a lot and in the last couple of years living in this area I have seen things that would make your skin crawl and I can not explain them. This really bothers me that there are things out there like this and the government does not say any thing about what they are or if they are even ours. I think they owe us an explination about what these objects are or if they are even ours. I know we can take it we are not cave men we can handle it so tell us what is going on . I want to know >
