{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-21 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482102","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6348,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/102/mufon-5482102.json","updb_database_id":5482102}
{jpg} twin UFOs over the Blue Diamond Hills in Summerlin Las Vegas and another on the following night

My husband and I went outside into our yard with our dogs for last walk before bedtime at approximately 11:50 Thursday 7/21/16. We had seen a UFO 2 weeks previously on 7/8 and 7/9/16, so we look up at the sky all the time now. On the night of 7/21/16 we looked up at the sky and saw a very bright, shiny, rapidly twinkling gold colored object - that also showed sparks of other colors, predominantly red. It was over the Blue Diamond Hills again, but in a different spot - further southwest, and further away than the UFO we saw on 7/9/16. The planes from the airport had stopped flying by then. We can only guesstimate at the distance we were from the UFO(s) - perhaps 5 miles? You can not see the hills at night. Google Maps measures our house as approximately 2.5 miles from the beginning of the hills where the UFO appeared. However, we believe that the UFO(s) were much deeper into the next range of hills.

I ran and got our 7 year old Canon SX210 IS PowerShot camera/video with a x14 optical zoom. I dug it out of a drawer after we saw the first UFO. We had put the camera away when our cell phone cameras became so advanced. My husband used his cell phone with a x8 optical zoom to film this second UFO on 7/21/16, but his photos and videos didn't show any color and the object was much less distinct. I took videos using the PowerShot with full x14 zoom. We were so surprised when we saw that the object on the Power Shot screen was actually 2 objects. It/they pulsed rapidly, changed size, changed color, changed shape, spun, hovered in approximately the same spot - sometimes side by side and sometimes one above the other. One often disappeared and then reappeared. We could see one that looked like a ring of lights fading in and out. Frankly, we were just blown away - they were so beautiful and so amazing to witness - we felt honored to see them.

I filmed them from approximately the same spot in the yard the entire time - as close as I could get to the fence to center them in the camera screen. My hand shook during some of the videos, so later I rested them on the fence to prevent that. I shot videos for probably 15 minutes or so, went inside and then back out to check if it was still there, and shot some more videos. I went back inside again and downloaded the videos we had just filmed and watched them with my husband. We went out the last time at 12:50 and the UFOs were gone. I don't know at what time they actually disappeared, or in which direction, or if they just faded away.

Last night, at midnight on 7/22/16, I saw the UFO again in approximately the same spot in the sky but at a greater distance. My husband had gone to sleep. I tried at least 2 dozen times to take still photos and videos with my camera and only ONE of them turned out - the rest were blank except when I tried to focus on street lights to see if the camera was working. Most have audio on them - primarily traffic noise. I had a very hard time finding the object on the camera screen, and when I did the videos and photos were just blank. I got so frustrated and just kept trying over and over again to capture it. I changed position in the yard, moved up and back, side to side and just couldn't capture it. I reviewed the videos and pictures constantly and I'm afraid deleted some. I did wonder if perhaps they didn't want me to photograph them.

It wasn't until I downloaded the videos today that I saw one has something on it. This video is short and the first half is blank. When it does appear on the video it is very small. First it appears as a red and white orb, then as a red and white craft(smaller than the orb), then back to a red orb, and then it disappears.

Strangely, a huge jet flew right over my head while I was filming and you can hear it on one of the videos. It came over the Blue Diamond Hills going west to east. I have NEVER seen a plane flying on that course before, especially at that time. I don't know if it was a military jet or a commercial jet. 

The strangest thing of all however is that at the beginning of one of the videos, you can hear electronic music. I have ABSOLUTELY NO idea where that came from. I wasn't listening to music, music was not coming from any of the houses around us, and there was no one walking the trail at that time. I can't imagine anyone listening to that kind of music. I really doesn't sound quite like music anyway - it sounds like electronic sounds - it has no real melody - sounds like an electronic message, if that makes any sense. The visual in this video only has street lights that appear briefly flying across the screen as I try and find the UFO in the sky. It sounds so strange that it kind of gives me the willies, but it's exciting too.

The videos are too large to send as files. I am attaching Onedrive links so that you can see them. There is a link for multiple videos and 2 photos from Thursday night 7/21/16. There is a link for the one video which turned out on Friday night 7/22/16. I am also sending a link to the video where you can hear the electronic music. Lastly, I am attaching photos (taken with a cell phone) as files. They are photos of our yard during the daytime and nighttime looking at the hills to show you where the UFOs appeared. 

Onedrive links:

[Links moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
