{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-08-14 20:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288102","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115267","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3581,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/102/mufon-5288102.json","updb_database_id":5288102}
Followed tree line, pulsed color lights front an back strobe white ports, silent, slow forward movement slow turn NE, saw it was cigar shape as turned

I look up from the TV to the window behind it, to see strange light’s over the tree line. I went out the back door, the see what was going on. I just stood transfix on what I was looking at, the time was about 8:pm, the tree line was silhouetted about 50’ feet away. The sky graduated from deep purple with pin point stars to light blue in back of the tree’s. Looking across the field to my neighbors 200 hundred feet away, the same tree line ran in back of their house. The lights very slowly cruising towards me, above the tree’s. It stayed on a course parallel to, and above the tree line, till it was almost in front of me. It took about a minute to reach me, The lights were in a horizontal line, the lead light was Magenta, pulsating like the opening and closing of a fist. Next a row of white evenly spaced, strobing quickly down the row and constantly repeating itself. The rear again pulsating light was Purple. I noticed the white lights were the shape of window’s in a passenger plane. It was completely silent, just drifting suspended in the sky. It couldn’t be a blimp, I would have seen the shadow of the body, plus hear the propellers. it certainly wasn’t a helicopter. I figure it was maybe 60 feet in length and 200 hundred feet in altitude and 4 hundred feet away from me. 
As it started to approach the back of our barn, I ran in the house to get my Browny Star Flash camera, which was useless, like trying to take a picture with a rock. This effort took about 4 minutes, And when I came back out, it was just passing the barn and started to turned away from me deeper into the woods until it went below the tree line. I could tell the body shape because I could see the strobe lights on the other side which made it’s width, very narrow. It certainly wasn’t circular or triangular or ball shaped or any other shape. More like a tube. It was heading in the general direction of Fitchburg, So I called the airport there. Being small you had to have a reservation and time you would come in. The tower answered and I asked If they had anything coming in tonight. The guy said no, why are you asking? I hung up. I just didn’t 
want to be thought of as a nutcase. This is the first time I’m publicly telling this story. I was 20 years old, and a highly trained artist, pay attention to detail with a photographic memory. Now at age 76 I've kept 
the secret long enough. There were several more, in that same time period, on the beaches of South Dartmouth MA.
