{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-08-15 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516102","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42033","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2505,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/102/mufon-5516102.json","updb_database_id":5516102}
{nd} UFO Entering Atmosphere

I observed this UFO between school years in the summer of 78-79. From my parents home in a residential neighborhood. I was outside late one evening enjoying the cool night air and I heard a loud rumbling noise overhead. It appeared to be a large fireball coming down near my location. As I watched I could only think of a large meteor impact and I would not be able to outrun the blast. I watched as the fireball slowed as it grew nearer to the ground. Still traveling fast, at about 100 yards from the ground, the object inside the fireball made a sudden 90 degree turn out of the smoke cloud and floated away from the cloud at a much slower pace than its decent speed. I noticed that the smoke cloud and trailer were not being blown around by the object like a jet engine or prop would do. The object glided without a sound, at a slow steady speed. I observed wisps of smoke still coming off the apparently very hot object. It was a dull gray metallic disk, with no color or sound. As it was moving overhead my line of sight on the object was blocked by the house so I ran inside to get a better look from my second floor. Inside a paused for a couple of minutes looking for a camera. Unsuccessful in locating a camera I quickly moved to my room on the second floor and out the window and onto the roof. From that vantage point I could see the object about a block away now had started to glow a vivid violet blue color. It seamed to pause a few times as it moved further off to the northeast. After a few more minutes it turned to the northeast and began accelerating until it was out of sight. Since Tinker Field air force base is close by I always wondered if they had picked it up entering the atmosphere on their radar. About a year later I saw an article in Omni Magazine asking if you had ever seen a UFO and I wrote in with the details. I never saw or heard anything else.
