{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-04 22:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527102","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28543","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2455,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/102/mufon-5527102.json","updb_database_id":5527102}
Saw weird object in sky seemed to pulse change shape and colours saw outline went in and out and then disapeared

I went outside to smoke a cigarette on our upstairs deck. I was looking up at the sky like I usually do when I go outside and noticed something different about what I thought was a star at first then thought it must be a plane. It seemed to change shape like splitting into two objects but they looked connected. As I was watching I thought it must be a plane coming into the local airport - we live close by, but it didn't move along a path. I thought if its a plane it will pass over the treeline close to the house, but it didn't then I thought it was strange. It had colours that are a little hard to explain but I think they were kind of green / blue and white and I thought I saw red at times. As I looked at it I thought it became a triangle because I could follow an outline of what looked like lights along the sides then the shape shifted and I thought it was going away, then it looked like it came back again and I saw the outline again. I thought 'oh it must be a UFO' and I kept staring at it, and I began to have an image in my mind of a blue line going out towards it and I was not scared or anything. It faded in and out and at one point completely disappeared, then came back and then disappeared again. At that time I put out my cigarette and came in to my husband and told him I thought I had seen a UFO. I then went to my computer to check my email and then our tv which was on began to buzz and the sound from it became distorted then went normal - my husband and I looked at each other and then the disotortion happened again. I told my husband that I thought I should call the police and report it, but decided not to in case they thought I was a crazy person. The whole event was over within about 10 minutes including the tv event.
