{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-05 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468102","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92511","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3491,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/102/mufon-5468102.json","updb_database_id":5468102}
{jpg} Steady bright light flying very low with absolutely no sound at all. Recorded on phone

It was about 10:30pm on the evening of June 5th, 2018. I went out on to my back deck to smoke a cigarette. I always like to observe the night sky when it's clear and the first thing I noticed when I went outside was a perfectly clear sky and no moon in sight to drown out other lights. As I looked up and noticed the clear, star-lit night sky, I seen a very bright white light flying very low. The first thing I did was pull out my phone and start recording. There have been multiple times previously at night that I had tried to record lights in the night sky on my phone, but they would never actually be visible on my phone due to being too high up or not bright enough. In the video that I recorded you can see that the only thing visible is the unidentified object. You can not see any stars or any other lights on the video which is normal when using my smartphone camera. I've tried before to take pictures and videos of stars, planets and aircraft at night using my smartphone camera, but it never works due to them being too high and not bright enough. My smartphone camera is very basic, 8mp, and doesn't do a good job with night time pictures. Therefore I was a little surprised that I could actually see the light from the object on my phone screen when I started recording. The object appeared to be either very low or very bright, or a combination of both. It definitely had to be very low or very bright due to the fact that my camera was actually able to pick it up. This was an extremely clear night with a ton of stars And planets visible to the naked eye. But if you notice in the video there are no stars visible through my smartphone camera which is always the case when I try to take pictures or videos of the night sky. This is what made me believe that the object was either very low or very bright or both. The object was coming from the Northwest heading Southeast. It was a solid bright white light and did not have any blinking lights at all which made me believe that there was no way it was a plane or helicopter. It also didn't make any noise whatsoever as you can see in the video. I have seen many planes at night from my back deck, and I always here the sound from tbem which also gave me reason to believe it was not a plane. My back deck is surrounded by trees which limits my view of the sky to a small portion.i recorded until it hit the treeline, at which it wouldn't be visible through the trees. I will also provide a video of a plane that was recorded from the same location but you will see that it's very loud. Unlike the unidentified object that I witnessed.
