{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-28 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285102","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118309","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4050,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/102/mufon-5285102.json","updb_database_id":5285102}
Saw (3) consecutive UAP with short bright orange flame trail, and (3) after burner type flames underneath.

On 09/28/2021 at 7:30 pm I decided to go outside and look up into the sky. Early that morning as I left for work there was a beautiful dark sky and many stars were visible. It was so beautiful. So this evening as the sun was going down, still light outside and the skies were clear and visible, I looked up into the sky over my house (I'm facing the home), and I observed an aircraft that resembled a fuselage plane shape, but I could see no wings. It was flying from the southwest. It was several miles up, higher than normal plane traffic in my area. At that height I would estimate it appeared to be at least the size of a semi truck and trailer. There was no discernible engine sound. All I could hear were vehicles passing on the road behind my house, but no aircraft sound at all above. It was traveling faster than a normal jetliner. A trail of bright orange flame twice the size of the craft followed it, but no smoke, and no contrail. Found that very unusual, it was very clean burning. As it passed above, I observed (3) circular flames underneath the aircraft that formed a triangular shape. The (3) bright orange flames underneath the craft would glow very bright at 1-2 second intervals. It reminded me of fresh lava spewing from a volcano, then they would just stop glowing displaying no flame at all. The (3) flames underneath grew in intensity at least (3) consecutive times as it passed, like it was pulsating, or like someone turning up the flame on a gas grill, then the flames went out underneath, but not the one at the rear of the craft. As I lost sight of the craft, about a minute later, a second identical craft coming from the same southwest direction the first one came from, flew over my house and it followed the same path as the first craft. It also did the same thing with it's flames underneath the craft, intensified the glow of the round flames situated in a triangular or pyramid shape. I also watched that craft flying north east. I'm in awe of what I just witnessed so I ran into my house to grab my phone to see if I could get a video of it flying. Weird cause I'm pointing my phone in that direction but I can't see the image on my phone, but I can see it with my eyes. I watched as it flew out of sight. Then about (1) minute later, there was a third craft flying over my house, coming from the same direction the previous two came from. It did the same thing with it's round flames underneath as it flew over me. I watched that one fly in the same trajectory as the previous two until it was gone. Another thing, all three were visible as they flew, but all three disappeared from sight and then re-appeared several times and they re-appeared clearly as they flew northeast. There were no visible clouds, clear skies from where I was looking. I love aircraft, military jets, commercial jetliners, I can name many of them by sight. This was no aircraft I have ever seen. I'm a retired law enforcement officer from Tampa Florida, (30 years of service), so I'm not a mental case, and I'm very much in my right mind. I don't normally post anything on line other than when I had FB, just social stuff, but I cancelled that over 3 years ago. So here is my witness account of what I saw. Hopefully someone else out there saw the same thing I did. I'm truly just in awe..............[ Item moved to F I Report {tjd}
