{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-26 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284102","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2842,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/102/mufon-5284102.json","updb_database_id":5284102}
I stepped out of my house with my dog and looked up, i saw dozens of lights maybe 30 or 40 flying all over the place.

On Sept 26th @ around 11 pm MT. I took my lunch and took my dog for his walk, I stepped out of my front door and down the steps. I looked up into the sky and saw a huge "light show" It was about 30 or 40 or more light orbs flying from a singular spot out to different directions in the sky. At the same time, up to 40 or more other orbs, where flying toward that same spot. I couldn't see exactly where it ended because it was out in the horizon farther than I could see. But the whole thing had to cover 20 or 30 miles of sky. The lights were flying mostly in a north south direction, but they were flying all over with no pattern that I could see. Suddenly after about 1 minute and 30 seconds, the lights stopped and I saw one final light that shot to the north right over my head and the roof of my apartment building. Then a huge perfect ring about 20 or 30 miles wide formed in the sky and pulsed outward once, then everything just disappeared into a single point. This all happened above the clouds, it was extremely over cast and it had rained earlier that day I believe. The lights looked like they were in the clouds. When it was all done, about 5 minutes later, I saw a couple sitting in a court yard to the front of the complex and asked if they saw the lights they also couldn't explain what it was and they were sure it wasn't any kind of spot light from the ground, it was coming from above. About 2 minutes after that, the military planes flew over exactly in that spot and to the south. I didn't see the planes but I could hear they were fighter jets, not passenger planes. I have included a link to a video that is as close as I could find, [link moved to Investigators report section/cms/LLL] the best video I could compare it to has since been removed from YouTube. In this video you will see a light flying slowly through the clouds. The lights looked similar to this one, but there was no aura or halo around the lights at all, they were solid and they where moving as fast as bullets and there was anywhere from 90 to 100 of them total. It was the biggest most amazing thing I have ever seen. It was life changing.
