Date: 24-06-2025 / 26-06-2025
Case No.: 2127
Report: Anomalous aerial observation
Resolution: Closed

Location: Colbún
Region: Maule
Classification: Closed

He reported what he considered an aerial abnormality seen at "07:25" hours on 23 June 2025 in Colbún, Linares Province, Maule Region.
Summary: The reported sighting was described as a light, with no specified coloration or size, but visible in a clear sky for 1 to 5 seconds, always to the west of a witness.

Finally, the user indicated (sic): "It was like a shooting star but yellow, thick, and slow in its descent, after it disappeared into the air another light appeared that I presume was a plane or a helicopter due to its..."
"Color changes and direction, I don't know if they saw it."
No audiovisual file was entered with the report.

As shown in Figure 1, there was no image to study in this case.

Figure 1

For statistical purposes, a representative location was georeferenced in the city of Colbún.
Based on the correction of the timeline of events (Figure 1), the investigation analyzed the air traffic situation between 19:00 and 20:00 (HL) on June 23, 2025, near Colbún. No anomalies were detected that could have caused the reported incident. At 19:34 (HL), flight JAT160 operated by JetSMART flew over the area between the La Araucanía (SCQP) airport in Freire and the Arturo Merino Benítez (SCEL) airport in Santiago (Figure 2).
Figure 2. Situation at 19:34 (HL) on June 23, 2025.

Due to the lack of audiovisual materials to study, the investigation was concluded in accordance with the Technical Instruction on Procedure, Research Times, Reception, Preparation of Executive Report, and Archiving of SEFAA Reports.

Based on the analysis of the testimony and in the absence of audiovisual materials to study, the investigation file was closed in accordance with...
Numeral 2b (Only cases reporting original images, audio, or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instruction on Procedure, Investigation Times, Reception, Processing of Executive Report, and Archiving of SEFAA Reports. Case classified as a Report.
