{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485372","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74369","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/372/mufon-5485372.json","updb_database_id":5485372}
I was driving taxi cab taking 5 people to bar when I spotted the orbs comingh over the town.

Hello there once again. Yes I have submitted a video of a siting that Not only I but five other people with me at the the time. yes there has been speculation because some lady does not beleave in such such things. Now I also know that from what this lady had said about my sitings she was not telling the truth for husband a week later was telling people the actual truth. I will only give up names in person. Now today on the net I see that you have supported another fella's video and it only shows one in-counter. in the video that I show you once again you will see that there are nine and they are coming from all directions and lining up in a row. Not only that at the same time other sitings where taking place all over the NWT. So because of this what this lady says is not the truth. But what I show is actually the truth i have five name and witness that where there with me. ...So once again I am sending you a copy of what I saw on the 10th and later that night I and 5 others spot them at
12:30 am and once again between 4:00 and 4:30 am all taking place between the night of January 10/2015
and the very early morning of January 11/2015 now Yes I live in Ft. Smith, NorthWset Territories Canada. and yes what I seen was real., I what for your call.

Hello there, as for directions well they came in mostly from the north, then there where two of them that
also came in from the northwest and fell in line with the first four and then at the same time as the one's
coming fro the northwest there where also two coming in as-well from the north east and them as-well 
aslo fell into line with the rest of them. they all seem to be going south east towards Ft. Chip which is in
Alberta, Canada. At the same ttime just before I started to vidio tape the orbs or ufo's I called my friend
to go out side and look. she also has on her phone two coming off from the north east which in that 
direction of the river that runs alone the town of Ft Smith. All this took place at around 12:30 am .
when I started to vidio tape the ufo's I parked in the fields store parking lots and got out of my taxi cab. 
I also told my passengers to get out look up and watch. There where 5 passengers that I had at the time.

I also found that these orbs or ufo's where spotted flying over thet town around 10:30 earlier that night and 
at the time I seen then they where also spotted around 4:00 to 4:30 am. 

Now I also found out that they where also seen out on Highway 3 going sought and the they where spotted through most of the northern communitties through out the Northwset territorries. I also had it on the cbc
Norhtbeat news cast while that was on some lady tried to say that they where just chinies balloons set off at her birthday but at the same her husband said on face book that they did not do that for her birthday. so the next day I tried to go back into northbeat to see t5he vidio i came them and it was gone. If you want I can send you another copy of that night for I HAVE IT STILL. I also made copies of it. this is something that I will never forget. and i work mostl at night. I am 46 years of age and i am not crazy. I know wath i saw and so does the 5 passengers aI had in my taxi cab. I also have there names aswell. I thank you for your time and hope to here from you again. right know I am trying to find a huge tv so I can enlarge the vidio.

it would be nice if someone would actually came to see me. I am no fool.

[Name and phone number removed/cms/tg]
