{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492372","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67166","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3058,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/372/mufon-5492372.json","updb_database_id":5492372}
{rjl} week long event that took place inside & outside my apartment was in contact with Yvonne Smith and Bud Hopkins during that week and Called Yvonne Smith at home while entities were in my apartment with me & she stayed on the phone with me to help me

This is a very difficult story for me to talk about, Ive kept it hidden since 1988.
It was a 2 week long event in June of 1988 that started out with me waking up around 1am to go into my kitchen and stare out the window at a certain spot in the sky, I would see a light but I was unsure if it was a star or something else.
I knew what I was doing there at the window but would not consciencely admit it to myself( Its difficult to explain)Almost as tho I knew what was coming and what I was looking for.
This 2 week event is too long and too involved to type the whole thing out here,but it involved abduction, my physically seeing the ship, physically seeing 2 entities in my apartment twice and also a hooded figure that appeared at the foot of my bed and did something to the bottom of my foot that was very painful.
During this 2 week time I contacted Yvonne Smith, she and also Bud Hopkins worked with me to help me thru this 2 week period. I also called Yvonne in panic the 2nd time the entities were in my apartment.
Also the morning after the abduction I woke up with a bruise the size of a huge dinner plate on my stomach.( Dont know if this makes sense but after the abduction I was returned to my bed and I immediately knew something had happened to me.) Its just too hard to explain the details here.
Began having dreams about what was done to me during the abduction and also about the things they showed me.
Bud Hopkins wanted to make this more public, get it out there but I refused, I was too afraid and Ive been too afraid all these years to talk about those 2 weeks, Im almost 60 years old now and I want to finally make what happened to me known, its time.
Also I believe there was a connection to RocketDyne which was just a few blocks away from my apt. If I can talk with someone I can tell them why I think that.
Yvonne wanted to use hypnosis on me to get more details but I was too afraid to know more( I think I was afraid they would come back.)
Please, I just want to get this story out, maybe telling it will help me in some way and possibly help someone else. Ive lived with this a long, long time and it changed how I see the world and my life, it changed me as a person.
