{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-30 04:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526372","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29318","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4280,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/372/mufon-5526372.json","updb_database_id":5526372}
two white lights (one much larger than the other) with a lighted green haze around them and coming out of the bottom like a spotlight

First I just wanted to point out that I am almost 40 years old and up until this point I have never seen anything in the sky I could not explain. I am an educated professional and have never really taken the ufo phenomenon very seriously. However, I have witnessed two things in less than a week I cannot explain which were extarordinary. I observed a enourmous silent triangle glide over my house on 5/26/11. It defied belief, even as I was watching it with my own eyes. I have no explination as to what it was. I told a few close friends about the incident and made a mufon report. I considered the isssue over and put it to rest. Then on 5/30/11 at around 0415 hours my dog was scratching at the door to go out for a bathroom break. I walked out to the front steps to wait while my dog did his business. I looked up and observed a beautiful clear sky. I remember kinda thinking to myself that this was about the same time I had observed the unexplained triangle but figured my sighting was a once in a lifetime experience. It was rather chilly out so I went back inside and put on sweatshirt and returned outside. When I stopped on the top step I looked to the south and observed what appeared to be a long green streak of light coming out of two very distinct white lights at the top of the shaft of green light. The lights were near the front gate of the property aproximately one hundred yards away. The first white light was very large(much larger than a star, about the size of a basket ball) followed by a second smaller light. The two lights appeared to be moving very slowly a few thousand feet above the ground to the northeast. The two lights were aligned one behind the other in relation to its direction of travel. Between the two lights was a greenish haze which that appeared to arc outwards between the two lights. The greenish haze not only formed between the lights but seemed to somehow seemed to come together under the lights and pointed towards the ground like a spotlight. The greenish light did not hit the ground and appeared to be about halfway to the ground from the lights altitude. The greenish spotlight was what drew my attention to the lights to begin with. It was an unbelievable sight. I was half expecting to see the triangle again but I could not make out a size or shape but it appeared as though the two lights were connected. The entire thing moved silently across the road and was moving slowly towards the northeast. I did not hear a thing. I ran to my driveway and tried to snap a photo with my cell phone. I took two photos but i can see nothing in the photos. I remembered I had a pair of binoculars just inside the house so I ran in and retrieved them hoping the object would still be visible. When I got back outside a few seconds later, I could still see the object gliding to the northeast. I used the binoculars but could not make out any features. I could just see the two white lights and green shaft of light. The entire thing appeared to just fly away until it disappeared from sight near the mountains. I observed the object for several minutes. It did not change in appearance or have any blinking or colored lights. My preception was the object was much smaller, slower, and lower in altitude than the huge triangle I saw several nights previous. I would love to know what I have been seeing. I am not crazy and have always considered myself a rational person not prone to jumping to conclusions. I just wanted to report what I observed. I do not know what it was nor can I speculate as to what it was.
