{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-24 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522372","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33694","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2205,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/372/mufon-5522372.json","updb_database_id":5522372}
I seen the UFO walking out of WalMart in the evening. It was a clear night out.

I was walking out Wal-Mart around a quarter till seven in the evening on Thanksgiving Day when I noticed unusual lights in the sky coming towards my direction out of the North East. There were three large white lights and a center strobe light. The craft was black in color and appeared to be triangular in shaped. The three white lights were coming from the bottom of the craft. The first white was on the front corner of the craft. The second white light was on the bottom left corner and one on the bottom right. On the bottom center of the craft there was a strobe light. I could not see any reflection of any kind off the air craft from the strobe. 
I wouldn1t begin to be able to say how high it was. It craft mover slower than a Cessna air plane but faster than a hot air Balloon. As the craft was passing me I didn1t hear any sounds immediately. After it got a short distance away from me I could hear a sound that was a combination of a jet engine and the sound of hot air balloon when they use the burners to fill the balloon up. 
As the craft was heading away from me I noticed that it lifted the right side like it was going to turn left. Instead it slid to the left a little bit then back to the right. The amount of time that I watched the craft was only for about thirty seconds to a minute. The craft did not go directly over my head, but it wouldn1t have taken the craft much for it to go over me. The turns were more like a slide, not the way a normal plain would turn or slide from its left or right side while in the air.
