{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-13 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521372","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34887","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/372/mufon-5521372.json","updb_database_id":5521372}
I caught a star in full motion really moving

I had been watching this star periodically for at least two hours before i noticed why. It was the brightest star in the sky. On my last trip home around 7-8pm central time i noticed movement i immediately stopped my car to confirm and indeed it was moving. Pulled cell phone out but i was in city and lights from city made it hard to see anything hurried home got camera and started recording it became stationary. I felt as if it wasnt far away being that it moved only about a mile down so i drove further to get closer. This is where it got interesting. The star was no longer to my left but on the right. I knew it was the star because of its brightness it made some slight adjustments but the tree line prevented observation at that point of change it was making and my camera also died atvm. Drove another mile or so past tree line and it had came into view again only for about 15 secs and then it rerouted in a very casual manner off the highway to where i know i couldnt get to being that i was driving in unknown territory and it was very dark then. Time may be slighty off wish i had came here first. this is my second sighting so i wasnt too shocked but the first was a cloud ship HUGE like the size of a US carrier. It was completely cloaked though and this one being star just had me very excited. After review i noticed red lights as well in video but not quite sure if it may have been some type of lens flare but it was a string of 3 lights i think with some type of head to it. Videos will not upload must post to youtube disregard pdf files
