{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481372","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4155,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/372/mufon-5481372.json","updb_database_id":5481372}
{rjl} Triangle lights at very high altitude

On 08/18 an individual from Ohio reported three lights in a triangle shape while observing a meteor shower. I first viewed this...phenomenon, thing, whatever...in Blue Springs, Mo during Memorial Day week 2016, and it was witnessed every night that week. What struck me was that this formation appeared to be in geo-synchronous orbit as it did not move in the sky over a period of hours, every night, though its position changed just slightly a couple nights. The attached picture titled 1.jpg is the best view of the full formation. All of the pics taken in Missouri were taken with my LG G5 cell phone.

Here's where it starts getting weird (though the geo-sync part was pretty weird itself). The object that appears to be at the point of the triangle would, not pulsate, but the bottom of the object/craft would extend down in a white light and then retract back up into the object/craft. I kept trying to get a picture of this odd occurrence, and the pic titled 2.jpg shows the only thing I could capture. I have absolutely no proof of this, but swear I could see it emitting hundreds/thousands of very small, unlit objects (possibly orbs) that ultimately returned to the object/craft. It is at this point that I really started to question my sanity. I have at least a couple dozen pics taken with my cell phone while in Missouri.

I live in the Austin area. I watch this same formation above my house every night, clouds not withstanding. The "point" object tends to be the one to exhibit the pulsating activity (for lack of a better way to describe it) most often, however can be observed on the other two objects as well. The objects are bright white and seem to have a small red light on the top. They also appear to me to be outside of our atmosphere. The formation I view from my house does not stay in geo-sync orbit, but it seems to make a shift as it moves with the earth's rotation. I have never actually witnessed any of the objects moving.

There are at least two other such objects/craft that I see in the sky that don't appear to be part of a triangle formation...one of which ultimately seems to transform to a dull green light and move to a different location. This is truly surreal to me and the fact that its so obvious in the sky that it seems it has to be observed by thousands of people other than myself, and a few folks I've pointed it out to.

The objects are not visible in the daytime, become visible during late dusk and remain visible at dark. It is very hard to get decent pictures of this. Pics 1, 2, 3 and 4 were taken with said cell phone, all in Missouri. Pic 5 was taken in Texas with a Nikon D500 on a tripod with a 200mm lens. It is one of the "solo" objects and appears to show the projection/extension that I mentioned coming out of the craft, but you can't see the craft it is emanating from.

Has my imagination run away with me, or have I finally lost it for sure? These objects are so obvious in both Missouri and Texas...and apparently in Ohio as well. I'd love to know more about this.
