{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-11-27 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500372","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58737","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/372/mufon-5500372.json","updb_database_id":5500372}
Brighter than Sirius in wrong place like star, then after 10 minutes path East and split in 3 smaller objects moving near each other.

Everyday when I was 17 in 2007 after midnight I watched stars direction NE above the trees which were 50 meters from home, 10 degrees right and 15 up from Sirius. I was thinking myself, what a beautiful star, but after a minute I realized it shoudn't be there. I grab my telescope, which at that time was only plastic toy when I was young and tried to focus on it. I saw only it look like a star, but after trying to guess, why it is there, it started after 10 minutes from the start of the observation, moving from NE to the East slowly. It was white, blurry and pretty big. It was not burning, so it was no falling star - which I personally love to watch and cross fingers - neither it was some falling and burning satellite etc. After one length between ALgenib - Scheat from Pegasus constellation, it was split in 3 same pieces, going still slowly to the East and they didnt stopped at all for the time of splitting ... The whole event took about 10-15 minutes, in which there was a descent, minimal but it was.

Since then I am afraid of going alone to the forest which I really love the nature and dark, and I feel being observed there. It means I feel not alone. Sometimes I cry inside, why I am not there but on Earth.

Many times I go to the forest, even when I feel its scary for me and something is pulling me inside the forest, just like the forest is some kind of aphrodisiac and I dont mean the dark of it. It mesmerizes me whole time.

When I look at the sky I see alot of moving white light without blinking. I was thinking they are satellites, moving on the night sky, but wait, I shouldn't see them with bared, naked eyes.

Most probably it were 2 objects attached to one bigger somehow or one big made of 3 pieces, probably triangles. It was beautiful, so natural and flawless. I waited so many ears to be sure.
