{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-10 22:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490372","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69220","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3766,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/372/mufon-5490372.json","updb_database_id":5490372}
{cak} Square / cross shaped object in [location removed]

So I was headed back from the dry cleaners. A close friend has a dry cleaner. I have the keys to the store so I usually take and pick up my dry cleaner during off hours.

I'm heading home, and I stopped to fill up the tire at the local gas station as my low air pressure light turned on. Anyways, I jump on Route 80 West to start heading home. I'm driving fine, and ready to jump on the [location removed] which is route 20 and 21, my direct route for home. So in the process of my getting on the exit lane to jump on the Parkway, I notice something hovering over the sky. At first I though it was an airplane, then I notice it was not moving. It was an unusual shape, this object looked like a cross, but all four wings if we want to call it that had a circle light towards the edge of each wing, four lights total.. The size of the wings were even, the lights on them were bigger then average aircraft lights (well at least the one we are use to see). The object appeared to be very dark, maybe black in color. The only reason why I could tell the shape is because the entire sky had a purplish color to it, and the shape was outlined and definitely stood out in the sky. So as I'm taking the exit, I want to be safe driving, there is a guy tailgating me because at this point I'm slowing down trying to find a safe spot on the shoulder to park so I can take a picture of this object. I can catch the object in between the tree lines now, and can barely see it... As I find a good spot to park, I look at the sky, I have full view of it, NY skyline and all, and the object is not there anymore, it just disappeared. I could not tell where did it go. There was absolutely no trace of it. The eerie part about it is that there was no other flying objects (helicopters or small planes) in the sky, I mean you can tell other commercial jets on the horizon, but none around the air space that this object was located in.

Now, I know you get thousands of report a day... I am 41 years old, I am a System admin, and work with computers all day. Personally, I have always loved the skies and stars, so I enjoy glazing up from time to time. I have never filed a report in no shape or form.

This to me, was a truly unidentified object. I wish I can tell you that it was a helicopter or a plane, but I have lived in this area almost all my entire adult life, and I am very familiar with the air traffic, and I have never experienced something like this. I was an amazing and scary feeling at the same time. 

You might just shove this report to corner, but I just needed to get it off my chest, because that butterfly feeling you get when you don't know what's going to happen is still in full effect as I write this, and needed to get it off my chest.

I really hope I wasn't the only one that saw this, and I hope it can help you in some way or other.

Thank you for your time.
[Name removed/cms/tg]
