{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-12 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29607","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5526100.json","updb_database_id":5526100}
evenly spaced white lights on v shaped craft hovering over cell towers

I was leaving a friend of mine's home June, 12th 2011 and I turned right onto SH 99 from Mason Rd. in Pecan Grove. Literally right as I turned on the highway I watched what I thought to be an airplane flying in a southerly direction (due to the road traveling east/west in the area) but I then noticed more lights than a conventional aircraft that remained on, no strobing or anything.  I then could make out the shape and noticed it was a v-shaped craft almost identical to one I had seen before during hurricane ike. I watched as it traveled slowly towards and eventually stop entirely to hover over cellular towers that lay directly east of my location (or right in front of me as I traveled down that particular part of SH 99.) It sat there for not even a minute when at the very nose of the craft a red light the same color as the cell towers flashed twice in almost a pulsing manner (like the cell towers themselves do). Upon the second 'pulse' all the lights on the craft began to dim dramatically until the only light visible was the red one at the nose which then remained illuminated and disappeared last.  The whole sequence of events played out rather quickly or I would of attempted to take a photograph with my phone. I remember thinking it was an ordinary airplane during much of the experience like my thoughts on my hurricane sighting until I watched how it could stop and hover, then the adrenaline got going.  I continued to watch to catch it again after it had gone to no avail. It was a clear night and it wasn't until I had gotten home and was telling my brother about the ordeal that I realized how truly strange the experience was. I also found it quite interesting that I've seen an object almost EXACTLY like it before over Houston's skies. Nasa has got to be experimenting with some sort of craft, that or Lackland/Brooks are testing said craft in this area of Texas. It might also explain the over abundance of black hawk, chinook, and apache helicopters that have been flying over Houston as of late.
