{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93573","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5467100.json","updb_database_id":5467100}
Hovering lights dividing from first white light

I was walking the dog on a clear warm night whilst I was on holiday at Seahouses, Northhumberland. I looked out to the southern harbour rocky headland and saw a small light on the rocks to the edge of the sea. The sea was calm. I thought it must be a fisherman with a headlight on. Then the light became bright. I thought no more about it than the fisherman Must of turned towards me. Then the light suddenly shot about 50 yds in a Northerly direction, stopped, hovering and increasing in size. Then from it came two red lights to its left and right which also increased to the same size and brightness. One of the red lights then shot to where the white light was when I first saw it. increased in height to about 20-30ft, moved to just over the sea and kept hovering there. The other red light then produced a Yellow and green light which started quickly zooming around all over the rocky headland around the white light. They then faded but came back in different places and kept doing that for about 10 minutes. In the meantime The stationery Hovering red light also produced a blue light which I could not at first distinguish its colour because it was very feint but gradually got brighter. I was mesmerised by this display and was trying to logically work out what it could be. Then my wife wondering where I was came shouting for me and I had to appologised because I Told her I was looking at those lights which I pointed out to her. By then all the lights except the White and red which were stationary had vanished. She thought I was crackers and said they will be the harbour lights. I did not want her to think I was a nutter so I did not pursue the matter further. I know that there are no lights on that rocky headland which is covered when the tide comes in. It has mystified me and that is why I have contacted yourselves to see if others have witnessed similar.
