{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-13 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101280","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4966,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5460100.json","updb_database_id":5460100}
{rjl} Long thin cigar like shiny white tube in sky

I was on vacation at Lake Junaluska NC June 10-17 of 2018. On the morning of June 13th I believe (could be day before or day or two after) I went outside our rental cabin in the mountains to walk down to the lake with my family. 

I went out a few minutes early to smoke and waited for wife and kids. I was looking around at the scenery and looked up when I saw a very strange looking object very high in the air. It was about as high as the highest I’ve seen passenger jets get up to. 

The object stood out to me as strange. It had no wings, didn’t leave a vapor trail behind it and was a very reflective white that had a hint of metallic look. I had seen planes fly over pretty high and could easily make out the wings, tail and see they were planes. This one was different and moved different. 

It was like a cigar, tampon or long tic tac shape that was rounded on both tips and bright white. It appeared to be hovering some of the time and then moving slowly and then quickly to the west, Southwest other times. There were hardly any clouds in the area and I had a very clear view and watched it for several minutes. 

I do not remember now what specifically distracted me, I think my family arrived and we had to walk under several trees to get to the lake or something along those lines but I took my eyes off of it for maybe 15-20 seconds and it was gone. It had completely disappeared and was previously almost right above me in the sky and I don’t know of any aircraft that could move that speed at that height to be completely out of my view so quickly when I was on a mountain. 

I immediately started looking into the air again and spinning around trying to find the aircraft again but it was nowhere to be seen. I spoke to my wife this morning to ask her if she remembered me acting weird last year at the lake and looking at the sky.

This came up because last night I saw 2 new videos on YouTube. One was from 2 days ago in Louisville Kentucky and the other from 2 days ago it Wichita Kansas. The videos look incredibly similar to the object I saw and I had forgotten all about it until I watched them and then it clicked in my head. 

So this morning I asked my wife if she remembered me acting weird and looking into the air a little over a year ago on vacation. She said that I went into a parking lot and was just staring into the air in different directions and spinning around. She said she asked what I was doing but I didn’t tell her and that we went for a walk around the lake but I kept looking up and turning back to look in the air and wasn’t paying attention to where I was walking or the kids. 

I told her today that I saw a weird white object and sent her the two YouTube videos. She thinks it’s silly and I probably saw a drone but this thing was really high up, big, no wings or tail and didn’t look like a drone or any aircraft I have seen. 

I remember when I saw it I thought it was very strange looking and I tried to find anything else flying nearby to compare it to. The only UFO stuff I ever remember seeing were triangles with big lights or disc shaped objects and this thing didn’t look like that at all. Several months ago I saw some videos released by the military about tic tac flying objects and nothing clicked in my brain about what I saw. 

Those videos put out by the military don’t look like natural video you would shoot with an iPhone and have black and white, numbers and boxes everywhere with weird colors. It didn’t remind me of the thing I saw. Then these videos just came out with natural colors and it clicked. I went and watched the military ones again and they are definitely similar. Cigar, long tic tac, tampon looking flying object. 

I don’t know why I didn’t take pictures. Can’t remember if I tried and it was too far away or too bright. I just have my memory and then my wife giving me more details this morning on the approximate date, time and my weird behavior staring up at the sky for over an hour. The rest of the week we were there I looked up all the time and saw multiple planes fly over at different heights and directions. Not a single one of them looked like the object I saw. 

Here are links to the YouTube videos that reminded me and look just like it. 

[urls moved/cms/rjl]
