{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-22 05:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3364,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5491100.json","updb_database_id":5491100}
{rjl} A dark black disk in the sky with smaller white disks hovering around and disappearing

I went outside to enjoy the rocky mountain view, when I noticed a cloud that looked out of place. I noticed all the other clouds were moving as they should across the sky but one in particular had a rectangular figure to it (the cloud) . I looked closer and noticed that there was a dark disk that embodied it. I myself am very interested in the thought of extra terrestrial life and have followed and watched Hangar 1 and Ancient Aliens. Have said that, I looked closer at the unusual pattern in the sky and saw what looked like a small vortex or more descriptive (little tornado) that lead from the larger black disk to a smaller white disk. This all keep in mind was at sunrise so to the average onlooker they looked like clouds. At this point I needed a second point of view. So I ran down stairs and grabbed my 17 year old brother and had him look. At first he said those are just clouds. Then I told him look closer. Right away he was astonished at what I was trying to show him. Together we watched the rectangular "cloud" with a dark disk inside feed what looked like smaller disk shaped white or silver ufos absorb a dark substance out of the larger disk shaped craft. I grabbed my phone, told him to do the same and took some pictures of what we saw. I have pictures of the dark disk shaped craft that I hope I can share with you. However the smaller ufos cannot be seen on the iPhone photos I took. To make things weirder which made my brother a believer, because he did not believe what I was showing him in the sky, was the sudden and abrupt lift into the sky from one of the smaller disks which caused a glimmer or a blink as it took off into outer space. We looked at each other and I said I told you! Now he's in the other room talking to his friends Online (computer games) convincing them of what we saw. Nevertheless I stood there watching this happen for a time span of about 20 to 35 minutes. The craziest part of everything, watching this all happen near the end was seeing 5-10 small white disks appear out of nowhere; almost as if in the Avengers, the Helicarrier cloaking device, come and cloak the large dark disk out of the air. This is as descriptive as I can be. Not only me but my little brother both saw this crazy event happen. I hope this helps and furthers your investigation. I cropped one of the photos. the others you have to zoom in.
