{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-14 22:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119330","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5284100.json","updb_database_id":5284100}
Shooting star-like object observed multiple times

So I was outside smoking a cigarette and looking up at the stars as I always do, and in a very specific spot, between stars, I saw what looked a lot like a very short and on the more dim side, a shooting star like object. It only lasted for what would be close to the same length as the full moon is wide. It appeared quickly, moved just as fast as a shooting star, started very dim, then quickly got brighter as it traveled, as if it were burning into the atmosphere, but went dim and out completely as fast as it started. Now I've seen what I think was the concord jet go across the sky like that, skipping over the atmosphere and burning in and out in short trails like that, just how they fly. So I kept looking in the same area to see if I was going to see it burn back in or skip again, then seconds later, I saw what would be exactly like the first sighting, but this time it stayed very dim this time, almost to where it was unnoticed, but started exactly in the same spot, and went out in the same exact spot, same direction and same speed. And I could verify this because of the stars around in the general area. So I kept watching this moon sized area, and it kept happening, no specific order, I think next was another very dim one, then a bright one, then only one dim one, then maybe 2 bright ones, then I think multiple dim ones before it went bright again. All this while starting and stopping in the same exact spot every single time, not moving further down the sky, and going the same fast speed every time. I was counting so many I told myself I needed to grab my roommate for another witness, but then I told myself that it prob wouldn't continue. But it did, after like the 7th or 8th one, I had to open the sliding glass door and tell my roommate to hurry and get out here, when he came out it only happened once or twice more. Then never appeared again. I have seen lots of abnormal things in the sky, but this is amongst the top of the most confusing and unlike anything I've ever witnessed. It was very convincing to me that there was multiple objects, cuz of how quickly they happened together, and it's almost like they were all flying in close to our atmosphere then going back out into space. I tried filming it on my phone but only resulted in a completely black screen cuz of the distance it was. I am very curious if you guys have any other sightings similar to this one. Also I will add I was completely sober and am a very precise person, I take careful note of everything I notice, especially if it's as rare as that scenario was. Thanks.
