{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-07-15 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56920","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3007,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5502100.json","updb_database_id":5502100}
It was a black V shaped object, with flashing lights that dropped flashing orbs

I was about 12 years old riding my bicycle with my brother and a friend of mine.  We were downtown Victoria and rode to the roof top of one of the parkades.  If I can remember correctly, it was a summer day and it event took place late in the afternoon or early evening.

We were only up there a short time when I noticed a low flying V shaped object.  It was solid black with what appeared to be windows that seemed to be pulsating different colours. It was travelling slowly in a westerly direction. It would stopped occasionally to drop orbs of some kind that also flashed different colours of light.

These flashing orbs disappeared a short time after leaving the object. Seeing this my brother and my friend quickly rode away leaving me to watch the object. I managed to see the flying object drop a couple of additional flashing orbs before I had to chase after my brother and my buddy. 

Because of that I did not get a chance to see where the flying object went to. To this day I regret not sticking around for a longer time.  I know for a fact that it was (in my terms) a UFO. Since it was flying object AND it was unidentified to me, it was and has always been a UFO. 

I recall the my brother and my friend were not comfortable with the object, but as for myself, I was fascinated with the object. For a long time afterwards, I began researching UFOs (and IFOs, EFOs, etc).  

This event has been with my for over 40 years and I never thought about telling anyone.  A number of years ago, I asked my brother if he remembered the event. He said he vaguely remembers seeing something, but he really can't remember what he saw.

I have no proof of what I saw, except for the visual images in my head. Therefore, I'm sure that many experts would simply say that I imagined it and my "dreams" have now become my reality. However, I know what I saw and I don't care what anyone else has to say about that. 

I know I should have reported this years ago, but it's only since I've started to watch some of the MUFON shows on TV that I thought I should report my old sighting. 

If the information is too trivial or the information insufficient for your records, I understand. I simply wanted to let someone other my family to know what I saw AND that I'm standing behind what I saw.

Thank you for your time.
