{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-13 17:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12460","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4113,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5548100.json","updb_database_id":5548100}
Brilliant spherical UFO flying between two solid white jets overhead

I was just outside looking up at the sky and saw a few planes flying really high. I went in, got my 20X binoculars and looked at them. The first one was a four-engine, solid white/lt. gray plane, which reminded me of a KC-135 to a degree. Off of its tail only, there was a stream of white spray coming out. Not out of the engines, but off the tip of the tail section. Keep in mind, I'd been outside for about an hour and had watched, without binoculars, several passenger and transport planes fly over WITHOUT any contrails. Just as this first, larger plane was moving out of the zenith position, a 2-engine, white plane, like a Boeing 737 maybe, was right behind it and it too had the white stream coming off of the tip of its tail. ALL OF A SUDDEN...a BRILLIANT WHITE globe/sphere SHOT right up out of the west right between the first and second plane. It came up to the right side of the first plane and then angled to the left side of the second plane and I mean it was VERY CLOSE to both of them. Then it very slowly moved further away from them in the direction that they had just come. After watching it for about 5 minutes moving slowly around up there it just ZIPPED OFF just as fast as it had gotten there. NO, it didn't appear or disappear into thin air, it just showed up very fast and left very fast. You could not see the UFO without binoculars though because it was so small, maybe 20 feet in comparison to either of the two planes, even in the binoculars it was just an extremely brilliant spherical dot. This is the first UFO I've seen as an adult and with TWO WHITE (Government?) planes laying out a thin stream of who knows what behind them coming through at the same time first? The streams were NOT leaving contrail marks in the sky, it was only a thin stream coming off of the tail tip section into the air. About an hour later I went back outside and through the binoculars again watched a few commerical planes fly over and none of them had any "streams" coming off of them. There were no contrails either save for a very feathery, whispy one in the area where the two planes described above had been. The contrail was about 10 degrees in width and took up about a 30 degree section of the sky, west to east. I've been around airplanes most of my life, including 4 years in the USAF...this was NOT normal. The planes came out of the EastNorthEast and flew in a straight line to the WestSouthWest point. The UFO came out of the West and slowly followed where the "chemical" trail would have been spraying and then after it reached about 60 degrees up from the ENE horizon, it flew off in a ZIP. I tell you this only as a matter of record. That's the quick of it, the time was between 17:00 and 17:15 approximately by the way, skies were mostly sunny with a few fluff clouds flying from west to east. Winds were gentle, but you could feel a breeze here and there. I live between Etowah, NC and Hendersonville, NC with a 360 degree panoramic view of the sky. What do I think about this event? I think that it was some type of government "spraying operation" with some type of spherical drone of sorts coming through checking the content of the air afterwards. Could it have been extraterrestrial? I guess, but it didn't seem to feel a need to stop the spraying, so... Me? I'm 47, have a B.Sc. degree, a wonderful wife and three children. I've been in R & D for nearly 20 years and am a "normal" person otherwise :-)
