{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-30 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2450,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5292100.json","updb_database_id":5292100}
lights, then shift from lights to a fog or cloud, moving south and then cloud faded. the fog or cloud looked like a bullseye.

We were sitting around a campfire when I noticed lights that appeared to be an airplane coming at us. There was no sound or flashing lights that you would expect from an airplane or helicopter. I mentioned it to our friend and my wife that it was a meteor. A week or so earlier was supposed to be the Persid meteor showers, which we never got to see. Anyway we teased each other after that, when we saw lights that it was a meteor. As we watched these lights coming at us, all of a sudden the lights looked funny and the next thing we knew, the lights went out and there was a round cloud or mist in the center, around the center you could see the night sky, then a ring, like a bullseye, and then another ring a little farther out from the second ring, but no more lights. As we watched, the rings kept going south for about 7-8 miles from where the lights from this object went out, and after that the mist just disappeared. We all turned to each other at the same time and said " what the F--k was that " and we all laughed. But this was not funny as none of us had ever seen anything like this in our lifetime. I'm gonna be 65 next week, so this is probably the only time I'll ever see anything like this again. My wife and I love looking at the stars and our friend and I have telescopes, so we are not new to looking at the stars, but this was definitely different . The rings I mentioned were going horizontal as was the object with the lights. I'm not sure, but it was liked he entered a time warp or something, and the smoke rings or the fog was left behind after his departure. that's the best way I can describe it. It was about 9-9:30 pm and the sun had gone down about an hour earlier, so it was definitely dark out.
