{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-06-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55862","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7351,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5503100.json","updb_database_id":5503100}
{kt}I went on a camping trip with my two older brothers and a friend that resulted in us fleeing from the campsite and encountering a bright light landed on a dark road and several hours if missing time.

I will have to give a brief lead up to the event in order for you to have a full understanding of it. I was 9 years old, the date was june 15, 2000, my two older brothers(one 18 one 10 years old) a friend(18) and I decided to go camping. The only reason I remember the date clearly is because during this perticular day there was a manhunt going on in Northwest Indiana for two men(Roy Harper and John Woolard) who had escaped from a prison down south, and my oldest brother was trying to scare me saying hes hiding in the woods where we are going camping, which was Willow Slough in Morocco Indiana. We left on a Thursday afternoon to fully get the benefit of the whole weekend.

We get there and have just enough time to set up camp before the sun goes down. We wanted to fish but figured well call it an early night and get at it first thing in the morning. Our fist mistake was thinking that we were tougher than all the other campers and setting up camp in an area that was isolated from the main campsite where you were not supposed to go. 

We attempt to get to sleep, hearing noises outside the tent, really just my oldest brother and his friend trying to freak me and my other brother out, but overtime it became apparent that there was really movement outside the tent. It got so loud we had to check it out, turns out it was some authority figure from the campsite checking up on us, at this point it was beggining to storm outside he had a flashlight and yellow rain suite on. He said campers have been reporting disturbances and to keep our eyes open.

We attempt to get back to sleep, some time passes. More noises happening again they get too intense to ignore, sounds of twigs cracking, fingers srcaping against the tent. Were not sure if were just freaking ourselves out or its real.

It got to a point where we came to the conclusion it was real and my oldest brother and friend (supposed to be the tough ones) said screw this lets get outta here. And so we whispered a plan and decided on the count of three my oldest brother and his friend were gonna pull out their knives run out and confront whoever is out there and me and my other brother are gonna grab everything we can and run for the car.

THIS IS WHERE IT GETS STRANGE

On the count of three, my oldest brother runs out first...all i can hear him say if "my knife broke" his friend says what do you mean? He says " it broke in half give me yours"..I watch as still inside the tent his friend pulls out his knife and it fell into pieces, it fell apart like somebody instantly removed the screws. So plan B grab everything and run while they confront whatevers out there. As im grabbing things and beggining to drag them towards the car which is about a half mile away throughs some light woods, i hear someone whistleing, we also hear someone call our friends name but cant see anyone. Is someone playing tricks on us? Has someone been stalking us? We dont know but were ready to go. We finally make it to the car and skid out of the parking lot.

HERES WHERE THINGS GET WAY STRANGER

In our hurried attempt to escape, my older brother driving, we found ourselves on an unfamiliar road. One we didnt take to get here. Its dark no streetlights, heavily wooded on both sides and straight as an arrow. It cant be any later than 9:30 pm now. We see a light a couple miles up on the road. It looks like a cars headlights coming at us we suppose. We are on a one way road though so we think either were going the wrong way or they are. A slight sense of panic sets in. My brothers friend says something to the effect of " pull off to the side let them pass"....theres much converstation here as we aproach this light in the road as it must have been quite a few miles in front of us. We begin to wonder is that a car? Theres only one light not two like headlights? Is it even moving? It cant be a motorcycle its far too big and bright. As we get closer we can see its hovering off the ground, this doesnt make sense. Were were about a mile away give or take and my brothers friend is like slow down, but my brothers like i cant. at that moment you can feel the car kick it into another gear we must have accelerated to around 80 mph it felt like. He took his hands off the wheel and feet off the pedals. He couldnt turn the wheel and the brake didnt work. We thought we were gonna die. We thought we were gonna crash head on with this other vehicle or object or whatever it was, but as we got even closer it was clear. This thing was not moving it was and extremely bright white light in the middle of the road. As we were about to collide with it we all basically said our prayers ducked our heads and screamed at the top of our lungs. At the point of impact it was like being engulfed in the whitest most blinding thick light you can imagine. So white and heavy it was like diving into a pool full of milk. I didnt see anybody or anything except the light. I pretty much just assumed i was dying.

THIS IS THE STRANGEST PART

Just as fast as i could snap my fingers the next thing i know is we are parked in the middle of the road, cars off. My oldest brother is slumped over the wheel passed out and his friend is in the passenger seat with his head tilted all the way back snoring at the top of his lungs! Im awake and my other brother is awake, so we wake them up. We wonder where did the other car go? Are they alright? Did they swerve off the road? Are they even alive? Are we alive? My brother starts the car and says no way, he looks at the clock...its like 2 or 3 am...4 or 5 hours passed in the blink of an eye! We pull away and leave i keep questioning what happened but nobody knows and they tell me to keep quite and never ever speak of this again. Once we left that road we never spoke of it again. When we got home my mother was surprised to see us and called us chickens for being too afraid to camp and we just stuck with that story and never talked about it.

Looking back on it now I have the insight to see that this has all the signs of alien abduction. I think they were trying to get us at the campsite but we fled and fell right into their trap. Though i cant remember what happened during the missing time, maybe if i get regressed i will, but i really dont feel anything negative happened. I think there was a greater positive reason for the abduction i dont know though.

Thanks for reading, would love anybodies feedback or ideas, also looking for somebody that will do a regression on me. Contact me here 
[Email removed/cms/tg]
