{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-31 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286100","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117321","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/100/mufon-5286100.json","updb_database_id":5286100}
Craft came from stars directly overhead

7-31-21 11:42 My friends came to see me again tonight. Knew it, (I think they've been talking to me, memories, words...long story), 2 sets of doves came by, some land on fence, some in the tree across the road and some pairs that just circled. This is 3 nights in a row. Last night, I ask them to mend hearts, (I speak out loud to them like a looney old man in the backyard talking to himself)...our agreement, "They" flash a star, another super diamond white KITE?STAR in the direction of the sky I was facing.  Tonight was amazing, I said OK...you confirmed your desire and agreed to mine, I asked for a tiny orb in my hand.... got tinker bell, (A twinkle bell I refer them as, sometimes my eyes will be directed to a certain spot in the sky. I get a tiny flash, like the Kite/Star's but much smaller and way out there. I have to use binoculars to then watch them closer and in detail. But they flash every 2 seconds and in different areas of my field of view in the binoculars). ...and a little later a star, another big bright flashing Kite like star! So I said if you can’t put an orb in my hand, which I was asking for, for confirmation, how bout planted thoughts and such. Oh, I get that in spades now! All day yesterday, b4 wife got home and after, in front of her I was recieveing messages/images. I had a visitor over today for 5 hours, and it felt good cause they stopped during those hours, the messages/images. Had a hunch this was going to be a big night. I start ce5 at 6, ask for something bigger, like beckoning them to come out of the clouds and closer...nothing, watch Olympics, go out at 10...ce5, I do everything in 3's when I perform ce5, meaning I do a series of dots and dashesinf threes.! <--  A bright light, diamond white appears over my right shoulder up in the sky, my 1st thought...satellite. Looks, acts, straight line. Traveling South to North, maintaining elevation. But then I notice the location. Not high enough at all, airplane height at best if that. Between me and an airplane's average elevation. Run in the back sliding door to tell my wife about the sighting after I can’t see it anymore. No sooner than when I get back outside into position the very same light appears from same direction, I had lost sight it from in the North it flew/glided and went off over my right shoulder till I couldn't see it anymore. North to South, the exact same line it was on when it traveled South to North.  I tell my wife, so that she can help me remember details. So suspicious.  I go out back sliding door after telling my wife, she’s watching t.v., when I round the corner of the back of our home where the Big Dipper is on my horizon. I see a bright light just like the two that flew by. I can’t believe my eyes! NO WAY! When nameless said they were shouting at me, they are! WTH is happening here?? I thought at first, it’s the big dipper arm star, should be right, then my eyes adjust and see the arm star I'm referring to in the background and this light looks like it's directly approaching me! Watch long enough to determine it is indeed flying straight at me. And it’s NOT a satellite. It’s blinking and shifting shape. I grab my binoculars and can see two elongated, rectangular bright light like windows, and between the lights is a blank black area.  I grab my somewhat better camera I’ve had for years and mounted on a tripod earlier. I hit record and held in my hand trying to capture what before you I have captured. (forgive me I was shaking, not in fear but in wonder and awe :) In the beginning of the video you can see the big dipper arm star faintly twinkling. Freeze frame it and Walla. Especially at the end. There’s a lot of dead space because I ran to get my wife, it was directly over us headed southeast. I’ve since edited and shortened that video and will share both original and edited copy. I yelled for my wife and she came running out the back sliding door. My wife looked up and saw it as it passed over the rear of our home. The entire time I was running to alert my wife I was getting a "hurry" feeling, like it was going to stay JUST long enough for her to verify. Soon as she was saying, oh yea, I see it right there, it started to fade. W saw it go out, my wife said she saw it flash a reddish hue a few times before she could not see it anymore, I did not see that but then I was looking at the wonder on my wife's face. I will upload the original first, then the edited version with slo-mo. Funny thing is, binoculars I could see a craft/ship. Camera it appears as a dot then an orb as it comes down and gets closer to me. It was SO awesome!
