{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-01-01 03:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473220","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87175","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/220/mufon-5473220.json","updb_database_id":5473220}
{dr}Bouncing glass Christmas tree ornament looking craft

This is a story that I am very reluctant to tell. I have kept it my secret for years and have only recently shared it with my wife, father-in-law, and children. It has been on my mind daily since it happened, and kept me wondering for the last 25-ish years. 
I awoke on a clear, cold night at 3:33am (remember it on my 1980's style digital alarm clock). I had a loft bed, and when I opened my eyes, I was watching a clear brilliant bulb floating in the field next to our property. I climbed down from my loft bed, and it was now in the back of my parents back yard (8 acres). I could not tell if if landed or floated (didn't matter). At the time we owned horse's and I remember them running into our barn area (iluminated), with their ears pinned back. I thought I was dreaming until I watched my horses see the same thing I was seeing. Thoughout the entire time there was a buzzing in my head, I still till this day am not sure if it was in my ears or Head. The object was almost clear like the old 1970's style Christmas tree ornaments. It was almost glistening like a wet jelly fish, and aluminating from within. I got the sense that it was pulsating to get my attention, my horses just watched side by side with their ears pinned back. Once I got to my window, words started being placed in my head (this is the part that makes me think about what happened every day since), it was almost like someone/something was searching my head like someone would search a hard drive for the correct word to say! The words; "this is good" "this is safe" "this is good","this is happy", "this is love", and as silly as it sounds, I think I remember, "this is "Christmas". The entire time this was happening, a buzzing was either in my head, or in my ears,,,I do not know the words to describe what I felt:(, but I am 100% possitive that whatever hovered in my back yard, wanted me to NOT feel threatened. It is still to this day so hard to explain how I was made to feel, I'm guessing that whatever it was that was in my back yard was at a loss at how to communicate, and simply searched my brain for words that would make me feel safe, and actually good about what I watched. I say good because my chest seemed to feel good with whatever the buzzing was. I still am not sure if the buzzing was in my head or ears.i wish I was more articulate to explain this story. There are some significant details that I have left out because I simply feel so foolish and I think people would not believe me. There is part of this story that I can't even share with my wife because I do not want her to look at me like I am crazy:( it's just too much for me to ask her to believe. I contacted your site because I can not stop thinking about why this happened. 
Thanks

Scott
