{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462220","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98786","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/220/mufon-5462220.json","updb_database_id":5462220}
Observed by 75-100 peole, flying over Stem Cell Technology Vancouver, BC, appears circular, very bright, slow moving, before disappearing

February 24, 2019 at or around 1500 taking place over the Stem cell Technology facility located in Vancouver, BC. 

This unusual craft was brought to my attention by a person passing by. I observed this craft with other witnesses between 75-100. I captured this on my tablet but it1s difficult to make out. It appeared to be metallic, circular in shape, no sound, it had what appeared to be white lights on the bottom of the craft that would illuminate the under airfoil 1 the lights looked like the large LED lights you see on the big screen TV in stadiums for say a hockey game, and it seemed to be moving incredibly slowly. 

This craft had no navigational lights (red & green), no tail, no wings, no visible landing gear, no visible windows.  
Their were other aircrafts in the area that we could identify and see that they were from Harbor Air & they were fixed wing float planes that appeared to be diverting from the area.

At or around 1504 the craft just disappeared. 

I have raw video in HD.

Some people who witnessed this event made all kinds of conjecture, saying it could be drones, could be 1demonic1 or 1inter dimensional."

It sure didn1t look like a helicopter & it didn1t have any wings, no markings (identifiable call sign, company logo), no sound & the other aircrafts turned the other way, literally! 

I am former student pilot from CZBB and I have experienced 1unusual traffic1 before but never have attempted to capture the event. Just happened to have my tablet available.

*In the videos the craft appears to be this flashing white circular small objet. It1s hard to see in the video but in person it was much larger & more visible. In the still images it1s hard to see but it too looks like a small white bright circular object. 

In addition to the original video I have edited them hopefully for better observation, while keeping the originals.

On the video with Stem Cell Technology in the background using the building as a reference at 12 o1clock & to the left of the cloud that1s located on the right side of the screen at around the 10 o1clock position, it1s difficult to make out but it1s a Flash white orb, looks like a dot on the screen due to the distance. I have attached a video with it being Stabilized, zoomed in, trimmed, added a reference point and slowed to 1. On my first inspection it looks like it disappears & then reappears, as if it dematerializes then materializes1I only noticed that when I zoomed in. 

Video #2 over the Warehouse looking at the highest cloud on the left side of the screen as a point of reference, at around the 2 o1clock position just a short distance from the cloud a white flashing light can be seen. Again, I have attached a video with it being Stabilized, zoomed in, trimmed, added a reference point and slowed to 1.

Unfortunately, for whatever reason it1s very small on the video, the images were captured without zooming in.

In both videos it1s about the size of pencil dot flashing white. 

Hopefully you or someone can get something out of the videos with an in-depth analysis.I would be interested to find out what conclusion & consensus you come to with respect to this. 

Witnessed by around 75 - 100 people working in the area, smoking, out for coffee etc.
