{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-08 02:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493220","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/220/mufon-5493220.json","updb_database_id":5493220}
saw rectangle object from my window near moon

I was lying in bed with all my light off, trying to fall asleep. I looked out my window and noticed the half moon shining bright in the sky - all I thought was it looked lovely. I looked at it again a few minutes later and it took a few minutes for my mind to process that to the right and a little under the half moon, about three to five miles away at cloud level, was a flat, grey, rectangular object hovering gracefully in the sky.

I stared at it for a few more moments before turning the LED light on on my phone and then going to the window to see it better. I thought it might be a cloud of some sort and that as I got up and changed my position in comparison to the object, it would fade away. I thought it was maybe a glint of light through my window from the moon. But as I looked through the screen of my open window, and not the glass, the object was still there. So it definitely wasn't a glint of light.

Also, the edges of the object were sharp and straight, and the rectangle was hovering evenly as if it were a levitating book. I immediately contacted some of my friends, telling them about it.

When I looked at it a few minutes later, it seemed to have been covered in shadows, but I still could see the light glinting off the edge.

Prior that night, around ten o clock, many people across the county (they posted about it on Facebook) had seen three orange/yellow lights hovering in the sky. My dad explained it away as being flares, a gadget used by the military over battlefields, as he said he used to drop them all the time when he worked in the military.

Perhaps he's right, maybe not. I haven't read into.

I stayed on the phone with my friend, after hanging a blanket over my windows out of a strange feeling and presence I got from the UFO, for about twenty minutes. When I looked out of my window, it was gone.
