{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-30 20:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453220","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108408","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2264,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/220/mufon-5453220.json","updb_database_id":5453220}
For the second night in a row I have witnessed these lights in the sky last night I counted 10 lights tonight I counted 43

For the second night in a row I have witnessed these lights in the sky last night I counted 10 lights tonight I counted 43. Just the same as last night I stepped outside I looked up and I saw them coming from the north west heading south east I counted 43 of them the difference between last night and tonight is that there were at least three that were flying side-by-side very very closely from my view they appeared to be like a centimeter apart from each other. One of the lights that was traveling side-by-side to another took off in front of the others and joined in next to another light they were all still traveling the same direction equal distance apart from each other and one other single light flashed at me but that is the only one that did. it was only one flashed its light at me or at least it seemed to. Last night I witnessed them at 8:35 PM. tonight I witnessed them at 8:11 PM. Again I reiterate the same as I did last night these are not airplanes and the one that took off in front of the others was moving way too fast to be an airplane. I live next to an airport I see airplanes all the time and there were other airplanes in the area and they were moving far slower than the speed that these things were moving and I counted 43 of them. I am so amazed! I can’t believe this happened two nights in a row And I have witnessed it both times. absolutely extraordinary! I wish that I had the capability to capture this on video with my phone but my phone is not powerful enough to capture those lights as they are flying by.
