{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-07-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509220","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49218","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3048,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/220/mufon-5509220.json","updb_database_id":5509220}
{nd} close up of craft in s.e. portland 1991

When i was about 11 years old a friend and i where on our way back to my house at about 10:00pm so i could get some stuff for a sleep over at his house. we where walking down the middle of my street when my friend yelled out for me to look up at the sky right in front of us. when i looked up i could see a extremely bright white light coming towards us. as it got closer i could start to make it out to be a Disc with lights around its edge that where slowly rotating. the craft got closer and closer and eventually it was hovering in the middle of the street at around rooftop level. i believe it would have gone lower but there was simply no room for it to land. as you can imagine i was like a deer caught in headlights. it was as if the hand of GOD! came down and i simply could not keep my eyes off of this thing.
by then my friend started SCREAMING! "GO GET YOUR MOM HURRY" i snapped out of it and ran up the porch and inside and yelled for my mom to come see. she and her girlfriend where getting ready to go out. so the both of them came out and also my deaf grandparents whom my mom and i lived with. so all 5 of us where out on the porch staring at this craft my friend was still on the street. i then noticed two of our neighbors out on theyre porch across the street as well. so in total there was 8 of us all hypnotized by this thing.
i don't remember any sound but my mom says she heard a low HUM. there was a short dome atop of the disc that had what looked like square windows but i couldnt make out anything inside but a white light. my mom yelled for me to go get my telescope which was more of a toy than a real telescope. so as quickly as i could i ran to get it. now with telescope in hand i ran back out to the street to get a closer look but it was too close to focus. my main attention was those "windows" but all i could make out was blur. right about then the craft started slowly ascending back into the sky until it was at a "safe distance" and all of a sudden it SHOT OFF! high into the sky then turned onto its side and rotated in a circular pattern then ZIPPED off into space! we where all standing there like WTF! just happened? the neighbors went back inn everyone just went about theyre business like they didn't know how to deal with this. it was a life changing event for me. now I KNOW THEY ARE OUT THERE! and this experience has shaped my life and beliefs from then on.
