{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492220","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67329","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4617,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/220/mufon-5492220.json","updb_database_id":5492220}
{jpg} Chrome orb in the sky completely still/hovering. Turned away for 1 min then observed impossibly far away

I was walking home from class on Roosevelt Street by the Smith & Wesson factory in Springfield,MA approaching the corner of Roosevelt and Bay Street when i looked up and seen a Chrome orb in the sky. It wasn't moving, floating or hovering meaning it was completely still or i couldn't see any movement from the distance i was at. It was lower than what a commercial plane would be maybe as high as what a single engine plane or a helicopter would fly at. I thought to myself "i'm having a UFO encounter right now". I tried to get as much detail as possible but i was also telling myself i must be crazy and kept walking like it was nothing. Then i glanced back up maybe 30 seconds to 1 minute later and it was gone. Then i knew i wasn't just seeing things. At this point (literally 1-2 mins since i first glanced up and seen the object) i was at the bottom of the hill and standing at the corner of Roosevelt and Bay street and i looked around in the sky for the object and spotted it off in the distant. I mean WAY off in the distance. It first looked like it was just over the corner of Roosevelt and Bay due south and now the object was MILES in the distance. I only stopped looking at it and continued walking for 1 minute, say 5 minutes max if i'm exaggerating or miss remembering but for it to go from a few hundred feet from me to the distance i seen it at after i looked away was impossible for current aircraft and amazing. There was also a skyscraper(commercial plane) off in the distance to the SW. This gave me proof of it's distance and what i was seeing was NOT a plane. It was chrome, spherical but more egg shaped than perfectly round, it was large like a plane like hot air balloon size. I have better than 20/20 vision, i've always been told by friends i have excellent vision. I was NOT seeing things. I was not on drugs, drunk or in any way impaired. In short, I saw a floating chrome orb in the sky and it went from right above me to off MILES in the distance (about as far as my eyes could see) within a matter of minutes. There was also a skyscraper traveling across the sky slowly which put the objects speed in perspective. It was sunny out with barely any clouds. **I am NOT saying i seen the object move it moved when i looked away for a couple minutes.** Then when i looked up again it was gone and i looked SW and seen it far off, still hovering/floating/just sitting there. I did NOT see it in motion. 

Also while i was writing this i just remembered....weeks or months after my sighting i was riding in to work with a classmate and he seen the object too. This time i did not. We were about a quarter mile north on Roosevelt turning onto Cottage Street while mid-conversation my classmate stopped talking and was looking in the sky to the north. I asked him what was wrong and he said nothing he saw something in the sky. I immediately though about my sighting and joked and said "What a UFO?" , he laughed and said "Yes actually", i asked was it chrome and Sphere shaped? He looked at me with a surprised look and said yes it was. This confirmed for me i wasn't crazy and what i saw that day was real. 

Why this is classified as a UFO and strange for me:

1. It was just a chrome sphere but big like a hot air balloon just sitting in the sky. But there was no basket, no movement AT ALL, and it looked metallic. 

2. How was it just sitting there? Not floating, not hovering, completely still

3. How did it go from right above me couple hundred feet away and up in the sky to off in the distance as far as my eyes can see in a matter of a minute or minutes? A skyscraper traveling a few hundred miles per hours was also in the sky inching its way across the sky like a turtle. This thing went from point A to point B after looking away for a moment like it teleported or something. 

4. What i seen was weird and unexplained and completely a mystery to me.
