{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-05 04:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485220","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74536","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/220/mufon-5485220.json","updb_database_id":5485220}
{cak} at first very high ,then descended banked, then hovered, then levelled out, then flew south very very slowly

at first very high ,then descended banked, then hovered, then leveled out, then flew south very very slowly, approximately 4:20 a.m. on October 5th 2015 I was alerted by my wife who was smoking a cigarette at the time.she called out a loud for me to come and see what she had seen up in the sky.At the time I was working in my shed. I suffer from chronic back pain and could not sleep. it is rare that we are up this early in the morning, but not unusual for us to be looking at the sky. this summer we had seen a lot of activity, mostly just lights in the sky , the majority of them were probably satellites.on occasion we had seen this peculiar flashy thing, which is what my wife nicknamed it.the flashy thing was not what we saw this morning.initially when she had called me out I thought she was teasing me so I was not taking her seriously .She told me that when she looked away to call me she had lost sight of it for a moment . Before I had reached where she was I turned back towards the shed. But just as I reached the shed door ,she cried out there it is babe there it is what is that ? I hurried back to where she was standing and pointing up at the sky.at first I did not see it then she stood behind me pointed her finger and told me to look straight down the line of her finger I finally saw it.by that time it was still very high in the sky like an airplane . Three lights and absolutely no sound.I ran back to the shed and grabbed a pair of binoculars.as soon as I had returned it began descending.it was almost as though it knew where we were and that we were watching it.it descended to about approximately 1000 feet above us and Banked towards us as though it was viewing us I handed her the binoculars and she said when she looked at it she couldn't tell what it was, so she handed me the binoculars and I took a look.it was very cold and fairly foggy at the time, but what I saw look like a triangular hockey puck with three lights.the structure of the craft was very very dense or dark and the three lights did not pulse or flash they remained constant. It then leveled out and headed south towards National City , Shula Vista ,Imperial Beach, San Isidro.as it got further and further away it did not seem to change altitude, the entire time I would say approximately 1000 feet was the lowest altitude it flew . we lost sight of it as it went past our home and into the distance. Had our home been on the southern ridge and not on the northern ridge we would have probably been able to view it the entire time it headed south. the entire event took approximately 3 to 4 minutes but it seemed like it took more like 20 minutes or more. strangest part of the sighting was that the craft seemed to expand or got bigger the further away it traveled. And as it was heading southward I then called 9-1-1. The 9-1-1 operator was a bit surprised when I asked if any other calls had come in about a UFO. she asked me if I felt in danger and then asked if I wanted to report a UFO. Since the object came about 1000 feet above us and directly in the flight path of Lindbergh Field I said yes I want to report a UFO . She then told me that this was not a life threatening event , so she connected me to a non emergency line for the police department who in turn told me a call brownfield or Lindbergh Field Airport. Since the police operator didn't seem like she was taking me seriously I decided not to make any more calls. After all of this my wife and I could not go back to sleep right away so we talked about it for the next hour or so then went back to bed . Since this sighting we haven't had but a few sightings and none of them were anything like this one. Mostly shooting stars or aircraft. But definitely no UFOs. My wife told me that when she first saw it , it looked like a comet or had a tail like a comet. I think what we saw was a hologram. we've UFOs are from another planet I think they're sinister like demonic and evil. honestly I believe UFOs are the Fallen Angels that are described in the Holy Bible.
