{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-07 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494220","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65265","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/220/mufon-5494220.json","updb_database_id":5494220}
{nd} Two large fire-like balls in the sky moved slow enough for many people to observe, then sped up and left.

My family and I were on our way to the local laundromat in downtown Irwin, when we noticed a very large red ball in the sky--it was pretty big, my boyfriend and I both thought it might be a meteor at first, and were a little frightened. It was bright red and the surface moved like fire, almost like a giant twinkling star. I kept asking him to pull off to the side of the rode to get a better look, but he decided to just wait until we got to the laundromat. The light seemed to hover in the same spot as we drove, but I suppose it could have been moving very slowly. When we finally got to our destination (just a few minutes away from when we first saw the object) we both got out of our car to get a better look. A woman and her grandchild were also on their porch watching this, as were a small group of teens on the sidewalk. I over heard the woman telling her child that there was another light behind the first one, but I could not see it from my position. My boyfriend also told me he saw two large lights independent of each other in the sky, but I personally only saw one. In just a matter of minutes of getting out of the car, the light seemed to change it's speed and move northeast rather quickly. It didn't 'zoom' away, just sort of looked like it had somewhere to be all of a sudden. It then disappeared behind clouds. I couldn't help but notice that there were a lot of planes in the sky during and after the light--i definitely felt like more that usual. This was not just an isolated sighting by my family only, there were various people who also witnessed this, and I am really surprised that nothing was on the news, or no reports have been made. I have been trying to figure out what these lights could have been since last night, and there is literally zero information.
