{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-10 01:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503014","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55958","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/014/mufon-5503014.json","updb_database_id":5503014}
{kt}Observed stationary black object with two bright red lights

I woke up at 1:30 AM for no reason. I looked around my room as if someone had just woken me up. I turned to my bed which has a window over it. I saw bright red light through the drape. I pulled the drapes back and observed the following: Two bright circular red lights in the sky coming from above the next housing development. The lights were not close to the ground and were stationary in the sky. I could see what appeared to be a mass between the two red light as it was connecting the two together. I will pause in my description of events to say what it was NOT. It was NOT an aircraft or helicopter. It was not planets nor lights from a tower. What I observed was a distinct, real, tangible large object hovering above in mid-sky. After about 10 seconds a white object slowly descended from the object heading straight for the ground. Just as the white object was about to hit the ground (or rooftops in this case)it turned sharply and moved parallel to the ground very quickly. Approximately 3 seconds later it turned toward the sky and accelerated very fast. In an instant it seemed to disappear and I was unable to observe it further. The main object was still in the sky in the same location it had been when first observed. The red lights seemed to "blink" or "flash" for approximately 2 seconds. After the object stopped blinking the lights became weaker for an instant and then disappeared completely. My impression: The thing looked like the wide end of a giant pair of binoculars, with red lights replacing clear lenses, and a black part in between where the focus would be. 

Conclusion: I witnessed a real event with unidentified objects performing turns and acceleration beyond that of a natural occurrence. Every move the objects made was so distinct and precise that it is my conclusion that intelligent thought was behind these objects.

Thank you and sincerely,
Pete
