{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-10 12:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466014","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94729","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3061,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/014/mufon-5466014.json","updb_database_id":5466014}
Wetaskiwin/Ponoka/Hobemma/Camrose

In the Central area Episodes, harassment, badgering have been legally recognized. They are recognized as criminal harassment, around a made up program and group. They have their own made up code language, that the RCMP and gang units have been investigating, how they talk like that. They use the alias a company, program out of Ponoka, Eastern Star group etc. There has been reported complaints of badgering and harassment by bitchy face and swass ass face with telepathy. They use a term, the mothership. There have also been recognized noise complaints regarding this. By law with the RCMP, gang units, Interpol. This harassment is also recognized by the medical community, with general practitioners, therapists. This by law is abuse, these professionals deal with front line abuse issues and interventions with the RCMP, provincial policing bodies, Interpol etc. If anyone is ever in doubt about someone trying to impersonate a legitimate police officer, they can ask for a badge number and verify this with the local police complaint lines. Growing up I was never harassed like this. I spent time with WW2 vets, what they fought against. The fundamental rights and freedoms the average Canadian has, they fought against white supremacy, I would agree. We live in a democracy not a dictatorship.This group has also been reported to the RCMP and other policing bodies for saying they go around hunting humans and animals. That's disturbing. I have also heard them saying they are going to be rich, talking about an empire? When that has to do with RCMP grant money? A cold case/missing persons case? That sounds more like exploitation. I have heard people saying to me they want to be believed. Or when this has to do with a missing persons case,the gov't issue, new legal definitions, it is called validation. The RCMP have also been trying to prepare for a press release, so has Edmonton. They have been working to secure safety concerns and issues first. In a case like mine and how young I was it takes someone who is qualified to deal with that at the age it happened, as a young child. Not the age someone was found. Just like I have heard praises for the Edmonton police in dealing with sexual assault issue, the sensitivity to those issues, hence with a sex crimes unit involved. The RCMP have professionals trained for that also. The Sexual assault center utilizes specially trained SART nurses for this also.
