{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-10-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485014","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74784","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2663,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/014/mufon-5485014.json","updb_database_id":5485014}
{rjl} watched a light in the sky slowly approach and hover then slowly move away

Hi.In 1978 me and 4 friends were partying , drinking beer and smoking pot in the Superstition mountains. 
Around midnight, "M", our driver,decided to crash out in his car while we keep partying. 
About an hour later,"P" and "K" decided to go hiking into the mountains to a place called Hackleberry.This is a place we had all hiked to before. 
Me and "E" stayed at our campsite around the campfire while "P" and "K" went hiking.
This is where our sighting began
Approximately 2 to 2:30 I noticed a white light way off in the distance. After about 15 minutes I remember noticing that the light seemed closer to our location and mentioned to "E" that it looked like it was getting closer to our location. He agreed with me.
It was moving very slowly and definitely coming in our direction and took at least 45 minutes to get to us. When it was about 200ft away and maybe 4 or 500ft in elevation away from us it hovered there for about 5 minutes. 
It was saucer shaped with white stationary lights at spaced intervals around the craft. It was around 100ft across . It was smooth on the sides and the domed top but on the underside was irregular and looked like the irregularities were covering up whatever was underneath .
Needless to say , we were very freaked out and scared.I remember asking "E" if he could hear anything from the object as there was no sound at all from the craft,he could not.I remember hearing the snap,crackle,pop of the fire trying to hear some type of noise. I also remember thinking 'I wonder if they are going to take me '.
As slowly as it approached us it left at a 45 degree angle away from us.
When "P" and "K" returned from hiking we told them what had happened and they just laughed at us . "M",fast asleep, saw nothing. 
I was only 16 when this happened.
As a side note, "E" whom I witnessed the event with, was arrested for murdering his own son years later on a New Mexico highway and given life in prison for his crime.
