{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486014","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73706","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4243,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/014/mufon-5486014.json","updb_database_id":5486014}
{nd} Rectangular. Luminescent,Yellow. Dashed RGB lines.

1. On Lake St. Clair in Anchor Bay heading West. Near entrance of Selfridge ANGB Heading West to dock boat. About 150 yds. from the shore. Setting sun in West. Late Spring/early Fall.(not sure) Looking East over Canada. High Cumulus cloud due East lit by setting sun.
2. Bright point of light due East in front of clouds.
3. Landing aircraft.
4. Grew in size over the course of 5-10 min. Rectangular. Ratio approx. 5:1. Sharp 90 deg. corners. Luminescent yellow with a fuzzy/crawley background similar to a TV that has no input. Red,Green,and Blue dashed lines in front of the Yellow.(yes, the primary colors) Dashed RGB lines ran right to left/ left to right that would also switch place with each other.( a Green dashed line would run to the right with a Blue run to the left with a Red dashed line run right. Then they would switch place with each other.) Only three lines of RGB. One above the the other.
5. Puzzlement.
6. Selfridge ANGB dispatched two F 106 Delta Dart. They flew in full after burner toward the object. About 2-3 miles out, the F 106's went Mach 1, and just as they flew beyond visual range, they went Mach 2. This was apparent by the sonic booms they produced. Within 30 sec. to 1 min. after the jets second sonic booms, the object seemed to blink out, and was gone.

On the the boat that day, was my Father, Stepmother, Brother, are guests,(recently retired USAF),[Item Moved/CMS/nd] (F 4 Phantom pilot with 3-4 Vietnam tours), his wife, and I. My Father stopped the boat, so as we could observe the object. 100 ft. or so from us was a Macomb County Sheriff's boat, with two Deputies observing the object, along with hundreds of people on the shore observing also.

We landed the boat about 5 min. latter at our usall dock, which was located within 200 ft. of the entrance of Selfridge ANGB. The gates were barricaded by the post MP's with displaced rifles.

I was at an air show at Selfridge ANGB in 1994-5 with a friend of mine. While looking at the parked aircraft we went into a hangar that had an F16 on display that was mounted on three tripods and lowered so as people could see the top side of it, and in attendance was a USAF Tech SGT.. My friend and I asked some questions about the F 16, then I asked the Tech, Sgt. as to how often does Selfridge have to dispatch aircraft to investigate UFO's, to which he just smirked. Then I started to describe what I had witnessed back in 1970. As I was describing the object, he stopped me and said that he was on the base that day himself with his father who was in the air force at the time, and stationed there, and that he had witnessed the object. 

Years later while living in Texas, I drove to Roswell N.M.. While there I stopped at the Roswell UFO Museum and purchased 3-4 copies of "Incident" magazine, and in the back of one them, there was 1-2 pages of people's various sightings. One of them describer something very similar to what I had witnessed. 

I was 12 yr.s old when I saw that THING over the lake. I'm 58 yr.s old now, and still don't know what it is that I saw. It could not be described as anything mechanical. My father was in the Luftwaffe during WW2, and inherited his interest in aviation, and grew up during one of the human race's greatest era of space explorations. When I look to sky, I do not see UFO's everywhere, and I know that a bright point light in the sky is Venise or if it's moving without blinking, it's a satellite, and discount 99.99% of what I see on the Internet. 

I'm hopping that your organization might help me with my search for an answer.

Thanx.
