{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-29 11:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282014","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121457","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3762,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/014/mufon-5282014.json","updb_database_id":5282014}
Daylight sighting of a fleet of UFO's

I left my house around 11:13 am on March 29, 2022 headed west when approximately 1/2 mile from my home I noticed what appeared to be a thin, whispy cloud directly in front of my car at the 12 o'clock position on a bright, sunny day not a cloud in the sky rapidly moving south seemingly coming to a certain point in the sky in which it appeared to instantly dissipate and disappear as if it was never there. I was intrigued but still didn't know what I had just seen. After driving another 1/2 mile from the initial sighting still heading west the phenomenon reappeared around 11:15 am. Around 50 white dots appeared in the sky out of thin air headed south coming from the northwest, only staying visible for 5-6 seconds at the time, taking a sharp right turn heading west directly away from me and disappearing as if going behind a curtain, leaving only clear, blue sky as if they were never there. I then pulled over to the side of the road to get a better look or at least see if I could see them again. In the neighborhood of 30-35 seconds later they reappeared in the same spot and position out of the clear, blue sky as if coming back into reality, staying visible for 5-6 seconds taking a hard right and disappearing straight in front of me to the west. At this time I got out of my car to make sure it wasn't some sort of odd angle of the sun hitting my windshield and causing the effect. Just like clock work 30-35 seconds later the cluster reappeared in the same position, for the same length of time and taking the same route as the previous times. I was so mesmerized by what I was witnessing I didn't grab my phone out of the car for fear of losing it's position and/or miss seeing this strange spectacle again. The cluster reappeared one last time much further west than the previous times I saw it and just as quickly and unexpectedly as it started it was over as if it was never there. In all the sighting lasted around 5 minutes in total. If the objects had remained stationary I would have just wrote it off as a flock of white birds. I would also like to add that I'm not sure if these white dots were cloaking themselves as to look as if they were disappearing and reappearing or when they took the sharp right turn they were moving so fast away from me and then coming back towards me that this could have accounted for the sudden disappearance and reappearance of these objects. Also these objects from my point of view seemed to be on a long elliptical flight path not circular. I live close to a military base with an airfield on it. These objects had to be picked up by their radar. Somewhere around an hour to an hour and a half later 2-4 Black Hawk helicopters flew over my house headed in the same direction as the sighting. In fact one got so close to my house that it rattled the windows. I thought it was landing in the yard. Right before dark they came back from the same direction they were headed earlier and went back towards the base. I can't say with any degree of certainty that they were involved in this incident. For all I know it could have just been coincidence, then again maybe not.
