{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506014","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52808","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2771,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/014/mufon-5506014.json","updb_database_id":5506014}
Fireballs and glittery objects far away that changed direction and vanished at the same point.

July 18 I returned at the same time, 12:30 am to see if I could see anything again. The second I got to the same place I had seen the others the night before; I saw a glittery shimmery white/green lights way up in the sky. Again, I thought it was a plane, but one that was properly 30,000 feet up in the air. I watched it. It went in a straight-ish line through half the sky, then just turned and went straight down. It was blinking/shimmering and it stopped in 1 area of the sky, and then vanished. A minute later another object came out of the sky in the exact same place, turned at the same place, stopped at the same place and then vanished. For the next 45 minutes I watched different lights zig zag all over the sky, all with the same kind of glittery lights of green and white.
they were so far away, that it was hard to tell really what they were. I wasnt afraid as they were so far, I couldnt tell if it was as far as a plane, or as far as space. they were just lights that were brighter than the stars, but i couldnt ever see a body of the object.
Then i walked a few blocks and I saw 4 bright yellow-orange objects over the houses across the field. I watched them for about 30 min. lets call them 1fireballs1. They hover over the houses and don1t seem to move much. They bob over and around the tops of those houses in that one area. The lights are so bright. Some of them get brighter and brighter and then just disappear. Some of them move like they1re floating but they always go off in the same direction and disappear at the same-ish spot in the sky. I see a few of them coming from the east to where they rest over the houses, but many of them just appear. I was watching 2 of them over the houses and then a third one just came and then a 4th one. They1re so bright you cant tell if they are super far away or really just over the houses. But they are at the roof levels. They are here every night so far. Different numbers of them. I left because it was getting late but they were still there. I didn't feel anything about them because they were just strange lights.
