{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-26 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486346","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73366","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/346/mufon-5486346.json","updb_database_id":5486346}
{dr}Over SF Bay/Ocean, Star-like lights move in tandem, fade, and ascend into nothingness.

I was standing outside in North Oakland, looked up at the sky toward the West, over the city of San Francisco (though The City is not visible from this vantage point) and saw two stars about as far apart as either side of Orion's belt, perhaps slightly further apart. The lights were horizontally arranged, on the same plane, and white. The two lights maintained a perfectly even distance from one another during the entire course of the event.

I observed both lights move in tandem, slowly to the South. The movement was steady, and scaled upon a backdrop which appears two or so miles away, they moved at least a half-mile. As a distant object, the actual object's movement would have been a much greater distance in that interval of time. I can only give comparison given my surroundings. The lights ascended, in perfect formation after moving to the South, and ascended slightly, a few degrees of arc. The lights faded from white to a fainter blue hue over this short period of time, as if they were moving up and out, and the formation was no longer visible. The lights indicated either a solid object, or two objects locked in complete tandem. It would have been an enormous object, and could have been out over the ocean beyond San Francisco, or in the upper atmosphere. Once again, the lights were as far apart as either side of Orion's belt, perhaps even further apart. There was no blinking or typical atmospheric distortion. It looked like two stars light years apart at even magnitude simply moved across the sky together horizontally, and then moved diagonally and away until they were unable to be seen. The disappearance was gradual, but very quick. The formation caught my eye immediately. I was looking at the stars, as I often do, and two stars in a horizontal bar formation moving across the sky is definitely out of the ordinary. Both lights ascended and disappeared from view at the same time.

Planes from the Oakland airport and San Francisco airport are seen at regular intervals, and an occasional drone and helicopter. Not only was this further up in the sky, but further away, and the light pattern of planes is utterly different. I am also able to make out the body of a plane, even in the night. I've already seen numerous typical airliners since the event. The object was miles away, and the further away the lights were from me, the further apart they would have been, so I am not able to estimate a size, if it was even a single object. My speculation is that the span of the object, if solid, would have cast a shadow over downtown San Francisco.

It would have been impossible to film or picture, but the event would have perplexed anyone. I've never seen anything like it. No substances were involved in this sighting.
