{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484346","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75490","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/346/mufon-5484346.json","updb_database_id":5484346}
Awoke in craft where Nordic-type entity worked with me. Awoke with mark on hand following procedure.

This took place the night of March 30th and early morning of March 31st.

I went to bed as usual and fell asleep quickly. It felt like a short time (but could have been longer), before I found myself awake in an area that wasn't my room. 

Description of the room: The room was well lit, despite no obvious light sources. I noted that the walls and floor had a matte grey-blue colour, with some areas that were a white-grey. There was a counter in front of me with some black rod-like tools and needles, and some storage compartments in the walls (sort of resembling cabinets). I was sitting on a bed-like bench that was fused to the floor. The last thing about the room I noticed were these mechanical looking arm-like tools coming out of the ceiling of the room. I could not discern any entrance/exit-way from my vantage point.

***

After I awoke I felt incredibly groggy and hazy, like I was dealing with a sedative. I looked up from where I was sitting to see a young man. He was facing away from me preparing something on the counter. He wore a skin-tight blue jumpsuit with a black belt around the waist, and he wore black boots. He had short light blonde hair.

I called out to him saying "Hello there", which got his attention. He turned from what he was doing and said "Hello", I wasn't surprised that he could speak English. I introduced myself to him, afterwards he responded saying that I already knew him, but it was ok if I didn't remember. I noticed his eyes as he drew closer to talk to me, they were a light grey-blue with vertical slit pupils. I wasn't bothered by his eyes, I was honestly quite intrigued with them. For some reason I decided to ask about him. I asked him where he was from, and he responded "around the area of Antares". After conversing with him, he told me that he had to do some work on me, and that what he would do will sting a bit, but he would try his best not to make it hurt.

He returned to the counter and grabbed a small white sheet with many holes in it, and placed it on my exposed back. It stuck there, between my right shoulder and my spine. After placing the sheet on my back he grabbed this device with several small needles that matched up with the holes in the device and poked my back through the sheet. It stung when the device was inserted, but the procedure was quick. He returned to the counter and observed the sheet as certain areas changed to a certain colour, and left it on the counter for later.

He came up to me and told me that what he will do next may hurt but is necessary for me. He grabbed a mechanical arm from the ceiling and brought it towards where I was seated. He gently took my left hand with his and held it so my index finger and thumb were spread. Grabbing the mechanical arm, the black head of it changed shape to form two long needles, about 1cm apart. He told me once again that he was sorry if this will hurt, and that it will sting. I watched as the two needles entered the space between my index finger and thumb. Seconds after the device being in my hand, I felt something similar to an electric shock after it was removed from my hand. Two reddish pink bumps rose from my hand where the needles were inserted. He released my hand and left me to go back to the counter. Just as I was about to ask what the needle in my hand was for, my grogginess got the best of me and I blacked out.

I awoke in my bed feeling very heavy and with a slight headache. I was surprised to see the two raised bumps on my left hand after waking. They were numb to the touch and stung. They stayed on my hand for 2 weeks before disappearing.
