{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-01 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524346","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31516","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3764,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/346/mufon-5524346.json","updb_database_id":5524346}
Hovered and seemed to change shape and color. It had another object that went to it and then sipped off.

Sept 1st 2011
5:30 am - remained visible until the sun rose. 

I live in Thompsons Station, TN. I awoke at 5:25 am to get my 11 year old ready for school. As I exited my Master Suite, I noticed that my roller blinds were up on one of the three living room windows. I also noticed smudges on the windows, which concerned me, because I had heard 3 strange noises earlier that morning (around 3:00am that I dismissed as non threatening, and remained in my bed). I immediately, stopped in my tracks to evaluate these things, being concerned that we may have had a breakin. The roller blind was extremely concerning because we always close them because you can see in our house at night, when they are left open. Not to mention, I had just cleaned the windows the day before, because my family has been sick with allergies, so I know that the smudges where knew. 

As, I approached the window, the realization of the noises, that I heard earlier settled in. It was the roller blinds. Now that I realized that, it was apparent the three noises, where 3 attempts to get the blinds to that level. 

Once, I arrived at our window that faces East/South East (Murfeesboro Proper, I reached to pull the blinds down, I noticed a stationary flashing object in the sky. I watched it for a few minutes, and then noticed a smaller object to the right of it that appeared Red in color and remained stationary for that couple of minutes. 

Next, I went to awake my husband and asked hin to please come see something (not telling him what I had seen, seeing that he would have laughed and went back to bed). After much cohercing, he went to the window and confirmed that I was not crazy. That I was seeing these things in the sky. He observed them for atleast 10 minutes and I went to get the camera. I kept trying to take a photo or video, but had alot of difficulty getting my camera to work. Mostly, I attributed to being in the dark. I then went and woke up my 11 year old who also came down and witnessed the smaller object approach the larger object, then the smaller object changed direction, and zipped across the sky at a speed not even possible.

After, a few days I decided to Google UFO sightings near Nashville for that date, because certainly we were not the only people to see this. I also uploaded the footage from my camera and did find that I had captured images of it. They are shakey and I was really frustrated, however, they show it morphing and changing color.

It was quite remarkable. I tried to record it but everytime, my camera would turn off. I have seen many strange things in my life, and I have always been able to rationalize them out. This was different...This was "Unique". It was a larger object stationary with spiralling colored lights, then a smaller object near it that appeared red in color that went from stationary to a speed that took it across the horizon sky within a second. The speed actually was not as interesting as the direction, it went to the North quickly then reversed its position 180

at a 50 degree climb.
