{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-03 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469748","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90766","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4699,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/748/mufon-5469748.json","updb_database_id":5469748}
{cak} An equilateral, flat side forward, pointy end facing rear. Three goldfish, yellow, orange, white light. Then center light same color. Flat Black, Seemless. 40ft sides. 6ft thick

Was unlocking car door to leave friends house 2:30 am. As I was about to insert key, I looked up and I saw a grey alien staring at me. I froze for 5 seconds. Felt overwhelmed, I knew in an instance he/it knew me better than I know myself. Terrified, I turned right and ran back into my friends trailer. Told him what I saw. Had him escort me to my car, I drove home which is .01 miles away at the time, childhood home. I kind of erased it from my memory, not believing it myself. Then the next night or a couple nights later at the same address. [Removed slang and undesirable talk to Investigators section] I was on the walkway that led to the driveway. I looked up and saw two yellow goldfish orange white lights. 100feet away. As it approached 75ft, I then saw three gold lights. It kept coming toward me straight line. It was tree top low. It was lower than this massive tree right beside the trailer, the tree top didn't exist to this craft. So two lights at first, that's the flat side of equilateral. At 75ft the 3rd light came on. At this time i made out the black structure that had these lights on the bottom of it. Flat black, blacker than the night sky. 40ft sides estimated. 6ft thick. Straight crisp edges. It kept coming straight at me. Standing on the pathway, about 20ft away from the straight side (forward side) a middle 4th light turned on. The three main lights had observable light emitting around edges. Not a beam. Magnificent bright light yet soft on the eyes as in if you were turned sideways it wouldn't be the same as flashlight shining as u could see on the bridge of ur nose. The fourth light was the same color and also was circular, yet smaller circumference almost by half. The three main lights were probably 4ft in diameter. The 4th light was focused on me and I didn't break eye contact with that magnificent light. It went off after the center light went passed me about 15feet. The 3 other lights stayed the same. It was about 27-33 feet above the ground. That altitude was maintained throughout. The speed I would say was no more than 15mph, that also stayed the same throughout. At about 35 feet after it hovered over over me it turned slightly right 30degrees then continued straight. Hovering at 30 feet throughout right over people's homes I wanted to scream so people would come outside to see, but I didn't. My friend then comes out and asks what was that. I pointed and he saw the craft 100 feet away and was going out of sight. I was thinking about chasing it, it's low speed would've easily follow in a car, but we just stood there in shock. There was no heat from the craft or air movement, everything was still, not the slightest gust of wind. There was a slight humm, and and even slighter buzz to it. My friend said he heard/felt that hum and felt weird. No flashes of abduction memory. I feel I was analyzed by the center light. I had the final papers for the army I was about to sign, to be an infantrymen even though scoring high on asvab. After the event I wanted no part in the military. I felt lied to. So there was a good outcome to this, it was a real eye opener. This happened to me 5 years ago. There hasn't been a single day since I haven't thought of my experience. It stays with me. I'll always remember the greys black almond eyes staring into my soul. He was 6ft, spindly, arms at side. There was a street light emitting on him, metal halide type. It was overwhelming, thus I ran. Evil didn't pop up in my head. If a friend was beside me while locking eyes, I would not have ran. Sometimes I regret running. But nonetheless, I didn't join the military industrial complex. Please reply to any light you can shine on this encounter, I beg you. Even the slightest bit of info in return will direly be appreciated. Thank you for reading the pinnacle pivot point of my life, I will forever remember. Thank you for your time. The world is dark, and I'm scared.
