{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-07 14:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288748","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/748/mufon-5288748.json","updb_database_id":5288748}
4 white orbs/spheres with 1 leading orb/sphere traveling SE all at approximately the same speed

This is my very first UFO sighting. At 2:15pm, while eating lunch at work, I looked outside of our front windows and noticed a group of 5 white objects (white, spherical objects -- very hard to distinguish from an orb) in the sky at about 500-700 feet in elevation. At first, i assumed they were birds, probably seagulls. I kept observing them, and realized they did not travel like a flock of birds generally would. Next to me in the lunchroom was a coworker, in which I asked them if they saw what I was looking at. They confirmed seeing the objects also. We both walked out of the lunchroom outside to observe them with a better view. All 5 objects were traveling in the same direction (Southeast) at approximately the same speed. 4 of them generally stayed clustered together, while the last one was about a hundred feet or so leading the other 4 towards the southeast direction. I noticed each object appeared to be able to move independently as they traveled southeast, but they never collided, and they generally stayed together as a group traveling at the same speed. There were also no sounds emitted from the objects. As this was during the daytime, it was hard to distinguish if the objects were glowing white or if the surface of the objects was naturally white in color. They were far too large to be balloons. I highly doubt they were drones because their shape was perfectly spherical and no sound was observed. I am not aware of any drones that fly around in a group right by the John Wayne Airport. Another fellow coworker saw me from inside my workplace and came outside to investigate. I told him what we saw and had him look to the SouthEast to try and see the objects, but they were no longer in sight. What is crazy about the experience is that I have always wanted to see a UFO and more specifically, catch it on camera, as I like taking photos in my spare time. But not once during the entire observation did I even think about trying to capture a photo or video of the sighting. I was completely enamored by the observation. Truly an unexplainable, yet incredible experience.
