{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494748","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64716","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2977,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/748/mufon-5494748.json","updb_database_id":5494748}
{cak} across the horizon

I never wake up during sleep, but for some reason I woke up at 3am and walked out into the back yard, I looked up and instantly my eyes locked onto an orange sphere, the second I looked at it it shot off across the horizon at an incredible speed. I didn't really think that much of it so I went to back in the house and back to bed. The next night I woke up a second time , walked outside and again, I saw the orange light in the same place shoot off across the horizon at the same speed and dissapeared. This time I was like "wow, that's the same thing I saw the night before". I noticed it was the same time as well. I walked back in the house and went back to bed and went t sleep.. The following night, 3am I woke up , went outside and looked up and saw it again. Still to this day I have no idea why I woke up. I sleep good, I never wake up in the middle of the night. So I went back to bed except this time was different. Its still really fuzzy, but I have memory of being in a craft, in the water, it was daylight outside. I knew we were in water because there were windows in the craft. In the craft there was a fit women controlling it, and a man who was like me. He was just as amazed as I was. we didn't talk to each other from what I remember, The one thing that sticks in my mind is how I felt while in the craft..I felt what I would only describe as a heavenly feeling..I'd never felt so comfortable. I had no worries, no fear, I felt like I belonged there so to speak. I remember thinking that I never wanted to go back home. That about it. I woke up at home the next morning and everything felt really strange. I had a clean sort of pure energy. I never felt so healthy both physically and mentally. The next night was something I'll never forget, I woke up on the sofa and there were beings accumulating in my house, 3 of looked like your typical alien, but a little but different, they had small heads not like a big bulbous head. they were blue and kinda glowy or luminescent. They didn't speak, they use telepathy and I could tell thy were reading my thoughts. cuz they would answer me with a hand gesture and a thought without me saying anything. I could go on for a long time telling you about that night. Ive had a few experiences since then as well. I could write a book about all that happened but I don't have the time to do that right now.
