{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-30 21:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289748","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113605","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/748/mufon-5289748.json","updb_database_id":5289748}
Bright lights above Vegas that came from the mountains

Around 9pm, my wife and I took our dog for a walk. As we were almost back to our house, we saw a light come into view. The odd thing was this light came from the West, and everything West of us (Las Vegas) is uninhabited mountains, the La Madre Mountains part of the Spring Mountains. The light came from West to our point of view then appeared to stop. We ran into our backyard and could now see a 2nd light that also came from West. That is when we surmised that the lights must be moving away from us (and we also knew it was not a human craft because our craft do not stop and then hover in the air. if it was fighter jets, they would have made banked turns, not 90degrees like this did.) The two lights continued to move South, away from us, until the first one dimmed out. Before the second light dimmed out, two more light rose from the ground. We could not see where they rose from, but they came into our view in nearly the same location that the other two lights where in. Then, the second set of lights seemed to follow the same path as the first two lights until they also dimmed out. They did not move side-to-side, they did not turn or swerve, they just went straight South until we could no longer see them.
We live close to McCarren and Nellis AFB, so we see objects in the sky all the time. These were not fighter jets, or we would have heard them. And seeing it come from over the Spring Mountains (where there is nothing besides Area 51 NW of us) and come from the West really surprised us because all of the airports are to the East of us. We had never seen anything come from the mountains like that.

We will be moving from this house in a couple of months, so we would love to have someone come here so that we can have this documented! I took two different videos - one of the first set of lights and then one of the second set of lights. My wife took pictures so I am adding all of those here.
