{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-03 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283748","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119685","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2206,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/748/mufon-5283748.json","updb_database_id":5283748}
Identified Craft

On the day in question, I went outside to have a look in the sky as I usual do. I saw a twinkling Red Light in the distance some ways off. I thought it was Mars being red so I continued to look at it. As I observed more I started to think "Hmm is Mars that red?". It was a Laser Light Red that shimmered. It was a spec in the distance just sitting there, the sun was just starting to set but it was not dark at all and there were other stars starting to show. Then it moved!! It wasn't Mars..so I continued to watch. It would move 1 direction then stop instantly and move another direction then stop. I then realized it was coming my way as it started to get larger then take shape. At this point I ran to get my friends so they could watch also. We stood there in awe as this thing came closer and closer. When it got closer it started to look like a Power Pole that was Laser Red all over except for the middle section which was black mostly. The Red sections would sometimes turn completely off when it would stop in mid air then engage again as it moved sometimes alternating. The middle section had a Green Emerald Light that came on maybe 2 times over the whole incident. It was maybe 1-2 kilometers away from us at this point, and it had literally come straight in our direction. From this distance it must have been bigger than a Cessna Plane at least. It was definitely a Craft with shape, my friend described it as a Cross or Diamond. The Craft was like Vertical it had no wings at all and we all saw it. I have seen it a second time which I also have multiple witnesses 3-4 weeks ago. Thank you
