{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-08 17:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484748","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75058","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2615,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/748/mufon-5484748.json","updb_database_id":5484748}
{nd} Dark Ball-Shaped Object and Dark Wing-Shaped Object Flying Together

My friend and I were near the front office of the apartment complex when I commented on what I thought was two hawks flying from Nellis AFB moving our direction and headed southeast. As the objects got closer I saw a white light reflecting off the objects. I assumed it was a reflection from the sun, but it could have been something else. At that moment I ruled out it being hawks. The objects were about 10,000 to 12,000 feet high. The highest object was a dark-shaped ball. Another object was flying approximately 200-500 feet below the top object and appeared to be trailing slightly behind the top object. It was black and appeared to be wing shaped like a hawk would look, but wider, thicker wings. They appeared to be moving in unison as if they were "working" together. Of note, the wind was blowing opposite of the direction of where they were flying. We could tell that by the direction the flags were waving in the air. In fact, the objects appeared to be gliding or hovering. The sky was partly cloudy but as usual there is usually a "open hole" with no clouds in our area so we got a good look. Both objects stayed together and floated out of sight as they appeared to be headed towards the direction of Henderson, NV.

I have seen Black Helicopters flying the same general direction. This may or may not have any relation to the event.

This is my third sighting in the same area of similar objects. My first two sightings were not placed in the MUFON database. In Feb 2014, I saw a black box hovering as a black lady asked me about a black helicopter showing up in the location just minutes prior. It hovered about 15,000 feet directly under a commercial flight path and floated out in the direction of Henderson, NV.

Approximately one month ago the same friend and I observed a double facited diamond-shape black object that was rotating. As it rotated the sun appeared to reflect off it. It moved in the direction of Henderson.
