{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464748","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96081","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2772,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/748/mufon-5464748.json","updb_database_id":5464748}
{tjd} Extremely loud pulsating noise while 5 dogs freaking out, and everyone else in the house was asleep

I woke up to my dog, a puppy chihuahua, standing on my chest and barking towards the doorway to my bedroom. I looked over and saw what looked like the shadow of something leaving, but it stopped, like it knew I had woken up. All the while a very loud low bassy pulsating sound was blaring. I stayed in my bed and after another minute or so the sound pulsated faster and faster and got quiter and disapeared within a couple seconds. Then I got up, I could hear all the dogs still barking and running around upstairs from my room. I walked out into the hallway and into my Dad's room where he was asleep with his girlfriend at the time. So I walked upstairs and saw all the dogs going crazy ad I tried to calm them down. While up there I saw my Dad's girlfriend's son asleep on the couch and her daughter's bedroom door closed with the light off. So the dogs started calming down and I went back to bed. For the rest of my life after that I never really thought much about it and correlated seeing the shadow and hearing the sound as two seperate incidents and hardly ever thought about the sound, until a couple years ago. I was talking to my wife about the shadow I saw, which I always explained was a possible shadow person, and I mentioned the sound, then I said while laughing "Wouldn't it be crazy if it was an..." and I suddenly stopped laughing and froze in terror to a single dim image in my mind like a lost memory, of myself on my back surrounded by 4 or 5 silhouettes. I said "Why me?" which I know sounds dramatic, but I officially have PTSD from the original incident described above, even though no memory of any extreme trauma. I was around 7 years old at the time. There was another time as an adult seeing a triangle UFO. It was about 50 to 100 feet above the tree tops, had 3 big strange lights on its corners and a blinking red light in the middle. The craft itself was so dark it was as if it was painted with vanta black. It was drifting about 2 miles an hour and made absolutely zero sound. It was in Portland, OR around midnight in the summer.
