Case No. 1699 18112021

Date: 12 November 2021.

Approximate Time: 20:08 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Spring.

Witnesses: M. A. O. S.

Description: The witness reported having photographed an aerial anomaly at
08:08 on 12 November 2021, from the San Javier sector, in Peñaflor, in the Santiago
Metropolitan Region.

What was reported was described as amorphous and white in color, seen for
several seconds, always to the west of the photographer.
Last Friday, I stopped my van on the bridge over the Sun Highway (San Javier) km. 32 approximately to take a photograph, and I lowered the window, then, as I usually do, I cleaned my phone lens, looked at the sunset, aimed, focused, and took a shot; I observed the image and noticed the object; I looked at the phone lens, raised my head, looked at the sunset again, and removed my head to also look up (as Malloco is an air traffic zone), after a few seconds of inspecting the sky, I realized that it was not.
There was no plane nor the object in question in the sky. Immediately after, I took other photos of the sunset that I still have on my mobile phone. That's what happened.

Figure 1 shows what was reported within a white circle.

                                  Figure 1

As support for his report, the user sent a photograph that was analyzed with ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery), confirming that it was not digitally altered.
By studying the metadata information, it was verified that it was taken at 20:08 on the reported day using the four-camera system of a Samsung cell phone model (SM-A515F). More information is available in the
Third section of this report.

The photographer's location was georeferenced at coordinates 33° 37’ 22’’ South Latitude and 70° 51’ 38’’ West Longitude. (Figure 1)

Figure 2
As shown in Figures 3 and 4, the scene presents focal geometry, which
It identifies what was reported as a reflection caused by solar lighting. This optical object was caused by parasitic light incidence on the camera lens surface, its passage through the optical system until it reached the light sensor. Since it only existed within the photographic equipment, it could not be seen directly.

Figure 3

Figure 4

Images: The photograph of Figure 1 was received in the 20211112- archive.
200849.jpg, which was renamed as 1699-1.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the geographical, forensic, and photographic studies, it was concluded that what was reported was a parasitic reflection or "flare" caused by filming a sunset backlit.

This optical object only existed within the lens system of the equipment that captured the image, so it could not be found at the actual scene by the photographer.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained."
