{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-03-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456987","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104591","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3755,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/987/mufon-5456987.json","updb_database_id":5456987}
{rjl} Observed rectangular object rimmed with lights 1st night, 4 light orbs on same path, the next night

It was 3/96, during the time that Comet Hyakutake was visible, so I was looking up trying to see the comet, from the parking lot of my apt complex. It was around the time of the new moon, so stars were prevalent. What caught my eye was what looked like stars “moving”. It was in fact, the outline of a large rectangle, moving across the sky. It had lights around the rim, so what I was seeing, was the moving lights against the stars, rimming what looked like a perfect rectangle. I followed it gliding in a straight line, not sure what direction it was, until trees blocked it, maybe 30 seconds to a minute. It was not very high, in the sky, maybe the height of a 20-story building (I grew up in NYC). 
The next night, feeling freaked out by what I had seen, I had my roommate come outside with me, to “see the comet”, but I needed to face my fear. It was about 11pm, about an hour or so later than the sighting of the night before. Along the same stretch of sky, almost the same “path” as the rectangle, we saw 4 orbs, perfectly round, bright lights, descending slowly from pretty high up, maybe 20 to 30 stories up, higher than the rectangle from previous night. As they descended, they were forming geometric shapes & rotating. They’d form a circle, square & an elliptical, all while rotating slowly. Against logic, I moved under them, watching them form the shapes & rotate. They descended very low, maybe 15 stories, give or take; I grew up in a 17-story building, it looked like they descended lower than the height of the top floor of that building, directly above my head & still rotating & forming shapes. Directly beneath them, I could see the space between them, they did not look attached at all, but definitely more like 4 entirely separate orbs. After, what I’ve since described as their “showboating”, because that’s really what it felt like, making geometric shapes, slowly, in the sky over my head, about 3 or 4 minutes, they started to move, almost exactly along the same path as the rectangle the night before, still forming shapes (mostly squares & circles at this point) & still revolving around eachother, but each together gliding along that same path, until out of site, by the same trees, moving a little slower than the rectangle the night before. They were definitely not as high up as the rectangular object. But both nights, there was absolutely no sound from either one, complete silence. They were both low enough, that had they been an aircraft of some kind, we should definitely have heard something. 
At first my roommate corroborated my sighting completely, there were no other witnesses the first night. However, we were both quite spooked by what we saw & although she described the same thing I saw, for several months, she eventually started to say it “never happened” or that it was “explainable”. She never did give another explanation though, she just didn’t want to talk about it. We haven’t spoken in many years, I don’t know if she’d be willing to talk about it now.
