{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477987","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82156","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/987/mufon-5477987.json","updb_database_id":5477987}
{cak} observed 5-6 lights travelling west to east then stop in horizontal line unknown elevation, then observed them descend one at a time from middle of formation

During the summer of 2015, a friend and I were in the Richloam area of the Green Swamp in Central Florida riding around in my 4 wheel drive truck, conducting a Bigfoot investigation. At about 0100 hours in the morning, we were parked in a camping area on the Center Grade (probably Raulerson House Camp). I was using my night-vision monocular, scanning the area for any movement when I saw an unidentified aircraft to my north moving in a west to east direction. I could not tell how far away it was, but it appeared to be over the north side of the swamp, possibly near the high tension power-lines that run through the area. I had not noticed any aircraft in that area previously, so I decided to watch it with my night-vision. As I was watching the craft move in an easterly direction, it came to a complete stop and hovered in place at an undetermined elevation. I could not make out any shape to the craft, other that it appeared as a ball of light. As I was scanning to the west of the craft, I observed another craft or ball of light approaching the first craft. It came to a stop and hovered a short distance from the first one. I then observed 3 or 4 more approach from the same direction, stop and hover at what appeared to be an equal distance from each other in a linear east to west formation. I believe that there were 5 or 6 crafts in total. They remained in this formation for 15 to 30 seconds, when suddenly the center light or craft descended out of my line of sight due to the tree line. The other lights then closed the gap made by the first descending light and while remaining in formation, descended one at a time from the center position, closing the gap made by the descending light. It appeared as if they were descending into the same spot below the tree line. I watched the area for a few minutes after they descended, but saw no further action from them. I gave the night-vision to my friend so that he could observe the area, and he stated that he could see a glowing light coming from that direction. I observed no further crafts or movement after the initial sighting. I initially felt that the lights could have been helicopters, but I doubt that they would remain in a linear formation and land in the sequence that they did. I got the impression that they were descending in the area of the power-lines, and I doubt that helicopters would risk a dangerous maneuver like that at one o'clock in the morning. I have not seen any further formations like the one in this report during subsequent investigations in that area.
