{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493987","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65512","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5360,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/987/mufon-5493987.json","updb_database_id":5493987}
{cak} Disc had a center, and it had an outer disc rotating the center. Gold. Very bright and radiant. No heat. Hovered. Then, quickly flew away. Also, before and after, hundreds of faint beams from sky kept beaming to Earth. Very, very faint beams.

Mid summer of 2013, my husband noticed very faint verticle beams of light on a nightly basis. Every night, we would go outside and observe them. 

One night between 9 and 11 pm, we took a blanket outside and watched the beams together, as they were particularly more active this night. Sitting on a blanket, watching these beams of light, we found ourselves confused as to their starting point. Were they coming from Earth and beaming to the sky, or were they coming from the sky to Earth? We couldn't distinguish. 

As we were sitting there, we called our son (10 years old) outside to see if he could see them. We told him nothing of our observations. We simply asked that he look around and tell us what he saw. Initially, he saw nothing. We asked him to continue. Finally, after about 3 minutes or so, emphatically, he exclaimed that he could see several beams of light. He, too, however, could not distinguish their starting point. 

As we were all sitting there on the blanket discussing possibilities, the three of us looked up toward the tree line because we noticed that, there too, were beams of light. As we looked up, we all saw a bright, gold disc. 

In that moment, not one of us can readily recall or identify our feelings and thoughts about what we were witnessing. It was as if we were, literally, in a state of complete shock or, perhaps, inexplicably victims of deliberate and well-designed mental captivity. Only afterwards, have we been able to consider the occurrence. With that said, in that moment, we all, without doubt or question, knew that we were witnessing a genuine UFO visit. We knew that the craft was not of human construction. 

In our recollection, we remember that the gold seemed to be a very bright light. Very bright. The light, for some reason, though, didn't light up its surroundings. The light was confined. It didn't spread like a normal light.  

The object seemed to have two main sections. A center and a revolving outer disc. I could observe that the sections were separated by a relative small space. Each section seemed to have an extremely fast rotating movement. Each section, however, moved in the opposite direction of the other, yet equally fast. 

The disc was hard to scale. Our perspective was distorted due to the black, starless sky this night. However, within the view of our vantage point were trees. 

The disc was slightly above the tree line, but our perspective, or lack thereof, made it difficult to gauge if the size was as we saw it to be (size of a normal, above-ground swimming pool), or if its size was considerably larger, yet further away. With lack of backdrop or other known and measurable objects around it, it has been impossible to properly approximate the size. 

Within the course of a minute, the disc propelled itself to the Southeast leaving no trace of it ever having been there.

A few things that my family and I noticed and discussed following the sighting:

The object seemed to provide its own source of energy from the two moving discs. 

The gold color didn't seem to be the color of the object, but rather the color of the energy it produced.

When the object propelled itself, there was no sound. There was no light path. There was no observable propeller. The movement could almost seem like that of a swiftly changing mind-quick and mindful.

The object was hovering in one place. In an instant, the object seemed to slingshot across the sky. 

Though we could see it move away, we could only see a small fraction of a second of its movement before it was no longer observable. 

Once the moment was over, my family and I, in amazement, sat in utter silence while still in the same place outside. While trying to conceptualize what we witnessed, we each observed the faint beams of light become more frequent and closer in distance to another. 

Finally, while grasping for clarity in our state of utter bewilderment, our confusion turned to suspicion of our government; for within the following five minutes of the object's appearance, a small plane began to fly in a triangular pattern, repeatedly, around the area of the sighting. From where the small plane initiated its flight and the location it ultimately retired, was Charleston's air force base. For the next hour, several planes, of comparable size, flew in various, yet repetitive, flight patterns.

To this day, we still look back at this perplexing experience in hopes to understand what happened. Still, we are left bewildered.
