{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527987","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/987/mufon-5527987.json","updb_database_id":5527987}
mother ship 30 ft in air from ground appro.

my ex- husband and i were coming from elpaso to pick up my things i had left in lovington n.m. i wasnt to familiar with the route to elpaso since i spent most of my life in lovington and left to midland where i married my husband. from there we moved to mexico near elpaso tx. so then we separated and decided to give it one more try. so i had gone back to him. so we had to pick up somrthings i had left behind and he'd ask me what was the fast way to lovington and i stated i didn't know i said maybe thru artesia n.m. "we came thru carlsbad " so he said ok and as we traveled to lovington thru artiesia we arrived at loco hills just shortly leaving loco 
hills we seamed to have problems with the truck as seen on movies but i thought he just wanted attention he said to me "hey something is wrong with the truck i step on the gas peddle and the truck seems to be going by itself " i thought oh well its still going everything should be ok and then he says "hey whats happening to the music the radios going crazy" so we just turned it off. well a minute later he said hey am i dreaming and i said to my self no this is a real nitemare cause i didn't want to back to him. but i said no why and he said don't be scared and pinch my hand so i did and he said this is not adream and he pinched my hand and he said look outside my window and tell me what you see. and sure enough i cant explain how i felt but there it was a ufo as we know it. a silver disc on my left side to his window. it was sightly bigger than the mini truck we were in. it made no noise had no markings and followed us for a few minutes and then disappeared. well we were stunned and dazed. well afew minutes later iwas looking for it and torwards caprock there it was i thought floating over the mountains a huge disc hovering as we drove. well i kept watch at it and we entered maljamar it got closer as we went on top of the hill the curve as we went on the top to the left side to my eyes a great huge mothership by the road not sure maybe 30ft or less in the air a gait ufo, no lights no noise, no letters or markings. a silver color although it cameflaudged from the plains of the ground. it just stood there for a few minutes then just dissapered.
