{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-09 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470987","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89498","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4104,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/987/mufon-5470987.json","updb_database_id":5470987}
{cak} Aircraft carrier sized object with white and red lights fore at altitude of 500 to 1000 feet moved slowly form se to nw

On the evening of January 9, 2018 at 8:45 pm our German Shepard began barking insistently outside our NE bedroom window. My wife and I both heard a deep, low, muffled, pulsing sound that grew louder within several seconds. My wife went out the NE bedroom door and I went out the south door. The sound we then very loud and sounded like an electric turbine, similar to a hydroelectric turbine, but pulsating.

I looked directly up and saw a very large object moving slowly from the NE corner or our house towards the SW. The object appeared to be about 500 to 1000 foot above the ground and there were two lights and one pulsating red light on both the fore and aft ends of the object. The weather that night was a bit overcast but with some stars visible except between the two sets of lights where the object blocked out any view of the stars or light reflected back off of the low cloud ceiling. The outline of the object was vague and hard to discern but you could clearly see a physical object extending between the sets of lights. I first thought that it was two aircraft moving in perfect tandem however the rear set of lights was directly behind the first and moving in perfect harmony at a slow but steady speed and much to slow for the objects to be aircraft and I could clearly see some physical object between the two.

My wife joined me and we both observed the object moving slowly towards the SW. The pulsating sound was very loud and muffled but we could almost feel the energy as it receded as the object moved over the hills to the SW about two miles away. Our elevation is 1300 feet and the nearby hills are at 1800 feet and I got the sense that the object was only 500 to 1000 feet above us. I held both hands out pointed at the front and back and my arms were at a 90 degree angle which gave me a sense of the size. There is a major highway climbing the grade and we are able to see the lights of vehicles as they ascend and descend the grade however no lights were visible as the object passed over the highway.

It took about one minute for the object to reach the hills to the sw and we viewed it the entire time. My wife had grabbed her cellphone and attempted to video the object however was only able to get some still photographs which do show distinct light patterns and vaguely show the shape and size of the object which I estimated to be about the size of an aircraft carrier, 1000 feet long. As the object reached the hills it appeared to hover for about 45 seconds to a minute then slowly disappeared out of sight.

We were amazed and a bit in shock but were absolutely sure of what we saw and heard. As we recalled what we had seen we noted that the cloud cover had lifted slightly and stars were very visible which reinforced for us that it was a physical object that blocked our view of the stars above. As we were recapping we both heard a very high pitched wailing, screaming sound that we had never heard before. We do live in the country and there are coyotes, flocks of geese and other animals but this was unlike any sound we had ever heard. The sound seemed very unnatural and I described it to my wife as similar to the sound heard in the movie Ghost where the bad spirits come to collect the ghost of the men who had killed the lead. Very strange and unsettling especially as we had just witnessed something we had never seen before.
