{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-11 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530987","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24472","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3461,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/987/mufon-5530987.json","updb_database_id":5530987}
Two orbs, red and orange, over Manhattan, Kansas.

Last night, July 11 2010, I stepped outside to watch the fading twilight at approximately 9:15pm central time. I reside in Manhattan Kansas and have a porch that faces out west. Watching the early night sky brings much enjoyment; this evening brought a great shock. I am standing on the sidewalk in front of my house. 

After 10 minutes, a strange color and movement caught my attention at the tree line in front of me. At approximately 9:25pm, a small orange orb appeared over the nearby tree line. The orb measured approximately 1 inch and was low in the sky, not much above the trees and appeared to be close in the sky. It slowly pulsated, going from bright to very bright and back to bright again. The color of the object was rich and seemed to encompass the entire object. The orb appeared from the north and moved south over the tree line, moving slowly. To my vision it then began moving out west. As I stood in shock I noticed a glimmer over the tree where the first orb appeared. A second orb, more red in color was now moving in the same direction as the first orb. This orb was the same size and appeared to move at the same speed. The only difference was its red-orange coloring. It also pulsated. At one point I could see both orbs and could contrast color. The first orb continued moving south and west and eventually my sight was impeded by trees. The second orb continued on the same course. Before reaching the trees that blocked the sight of the first orb the second orb began to flicker and then dim. It went out and all I could see was a dark speck moving in the sky. The total transit time for both orbs was approximately 3-5 minutes. I stood in shock for a few minutes and ran in to check the time. It showed 9:38pm.

It may be important to note that Manhattan is approximately 15 miles east of Fort Riley, the local army post. On the east side of the army base, nestled between the base and Manhattan is the Manhattan municipal airport, roughly 10 miles outside of town. 

I have never seen anything like this in the skies around here and was shocked to see something so strange. I1m from an Air Force family and have spent time around military bases and air shows 1 this was like nothing I1ve ever witnessed and instantly created uncomfortable feelings and a strange sense that these things didn1t quite belong. The color was strange and slightly diffuse, more like an aura than a light. My eyes were glued to the orbs and I was restless, warring with whether or not to risk running inside for a cell phone or camera. I judged they1d depart too quickly and stayed. During their appearance all I felt was that these didn1t seem like aircraft I had ever known. Afterwards I1m still uncertain what they could be. I did wonder during the event if this was rousing either the airport or Fort Riley.
