{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-19 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499987","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59132","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/987/mufon-5499987.json","updb_database_id":5499987}
{rjl} My daughter and myself witnessed 5 UFO's flying silently above our home

At around 9:15 PM I went outside to my backyard patio to smoke a cigarette. I do not smoke in the house (wife). I was watching commercial aircraft going to Midway in Chicago. I am in an area that is part of the final approach path to MDW. These planes always fly at around 1500 ft and from a SW to NE flight path as they approach MDW. I turned around to call my dog to come to me so we could go back into the house and I saw a huge flame orange light fly above my neighbors house at about the same altitude as the commercial aircraft fly. The light was as large or slightly larger than any plane I have observed from this viewpoint. It was flying slightly faster than the commercial aircraft and was on a NW to SE flight path which is on a collision course with the approaching aircraft. It seemed to fly in front of a commercial plane and then went on until it disappeared. Now somewhat in disbelief as to what I had just seen, I noticed another UFO on the same flight path as the last one. I opened the back door and called my daughter down to see what was happening. I should note the time between these two sightings was about 3 to 4 minutes. Both my daughter and I watched the second UFO fly along the exact same flight path almost intersecting another commercial aircraft. We thought there could be a mid air collision, but thankfully that didn't happen although it looked very close. My daughter was surprised as was I. Then about 3 to 4 minutes later another UFO was observed along the exact same flight path. Same color light, same triangular shape. My daughter and I saw a total of 5 of these crafts together all about 3 to 4 minutes apart. My wife then returned home and came outside to join us. She witnessed two UFO's with me and my daughter. There were a total of 6 UFO's that I witnessed. My daughter witnessed 5 of the 6 with me and my wife witnessed 2 of the 6 with both me and my daughter. These UFO's seemed to fly with complete impunity and did not seem to have any regard for the commercial aircraft in the area. I would also think one or more flight crews witnessed a UFO from the air. I would think at least one or more pilots thought there were going to be involved in a mid air collision. They had to see these objects. If they saw the objects, they should have inquired to the MDW control tower for confirmation of an air space intrusion. They were large and bright. I would also think there should be many more witness' to this event. It was a clear night, minimal clouds and no wind. These crafts were silent and flew on the exact same path. I kept looking in the sky for about another 45 minutes but saw nothing else unusual.I did not sleep well that night as my m gt bind was too active and excited by these sightings. I have no
idea what they were, but I do not think they were in contact or communication with the commercial aviation tower because they seemed to be crossing directly in front of the airplanes. Although it was dark, these objects appeared to fly very close to the commercial aircraft. I have looked every night since the first sightings, but I think it may have been a one time event.
