{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-23 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481987","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3528,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/987/mufon-5481987.json","updb_database_id":5481987}
{jpg} 2 loud booms to the north and west

On Friday I disclosed my spiritual distress to 1100 people on a community board after crying walking down the street. Friday morning my security camera went down about 4 am. 8 am the police showed up knocking at my door. The post on the community board contained some legal disclosure. Saturday my camera was still down. This camera is inward facing in my home so that it captures both entrances and most of my home. Because I couldn't access it and I knew it was still live, I pulled the plug. The alarm system continues to function. I have not had any sort of ping on the sensors or an alarm trip but it did fail to disarm on Sunday morning. Saturday night at about 10:30 pm, there was a loud single boom to the north, followed by a loud single boom to the west. These did not sound like fireworks. At 10:41 pm, I received a text message from a man sleeping in his car. He told me he regretted leaving the homeless shelter. That's why I'm pretty sure he was feeling uneasy, too. I think he heard it but I didn't ask him. I had really uneasy feelings after we texted back and forth about some options (he did not come to my home). Sunday morning when I got up the drain plug for the kitchen sink was in the living room. When I went to do laundry, there was bleach all over in the cupboard. The bottle was upright and intact. My post on the community board had some responses with some flagged for violation. I did not read any of the comments. I don't intend to read them. For whatever reason, I feel like this relates to your group. I don't know what makes me feel that way. I think I would like to express to this group that on Saturday, I stopped taking Cymbalta which is a drug which is notorious for it's withdrawal side effects. It would have been too soon on Saturday for those sounds to be a side effect. I started having side effects on Monday and I am experiencing them now. They are very intense today with some vertigo, stomach cramps and I am experiencing some audio hallucinations as well as insomnia. Some sounds are amplified, like with a migraine but I don't have a headache. I keep thinking I hear a guy's voice. I started writing down the phrases I am hearing. I'm charting them in an excel document because it's the weirdest thing I've ever experienced. I never thought I would talk to myself in a man's voice but Cymbalta is some pretty nasty stuff. I have no hallucinations with my depression. Cymbalta isn't used for that. I haven't attempted any recordings. My security camera is working again. I'm asking for no contact and no follow up. If these issues I am experiencing are related to you in some way, please stop. Why do I feel like this is you? Withdrawal from this is scary stuff. I don't really feel like being the name on a bill for requiring drugs to list withdrawal side effects. I'm asking for some human decency for the next few weeks while I recover. Thank you!
