{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-15 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500723","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58367","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/723/mufon-5500723.json","updb_database_id":5500723}
{rjl} For 6-9 months, black triangular object appeared in the same location every night below ceiling in my bedroom, after I turned off the lights, motionless. Its triangular shape blocked the blue illumination from an LED night light.

For 6-9 months, black triangular object appeared in the same location every night below ceiling in my bedroom, after I turned off the lights, motionless. Its triangular shape blocked the blue illumination from an LED night light that faintly illuminated the off-white ceiling. 

As I stared at the object and my eyes grew adjusted to the dark, I could see it was right below the ceiling level at approximately 9-feet above the floor of the bedroom. (My ceiling is smooth and painted off-white.) When I turned on the light it wasn't there, but when I turned off the light it was there again. This occurred between the hours of 10 pm to 4:00 am (approximately) every night for 6-9 months starting in January 2012 (approximately).

Fear kept me from standing on the bed and trying to touch the object. It was perfectly triangular in shape and flat. I would stare at it until I fell asleep, wake up and stare at it again. I look at the ceiling area where it hovered now, and get goosebumps. When I turned on the light, I wondered if it was still there, invisible. I couldn't understand how something with apparent depth and mass could become completely transparent and invisible in light.

One night after 6-9 months it simply vanished. What gives me even more goosebumps and recalling this experience, is that when it vanished, the ceiling above it faintly glowed from the night light at the same ambient level as the rest of the ceiling. That made its former presence even more pronounced and real.

This is my observation of the phenomenon, which has not recurred since. I do recall the triangle was so dark and featureless, that I wondered if I could have stuck my hand through it, as if it were a triangular opening to somewhere. I was tempted to try but afraid of what might happen.
