{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-15 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282723","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3197,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/723/mufon-5282723.json","updb_database_id":5282723}
Moving cylinder of lights regenerating and dissolving back into each other as the beam/cylinder itself moved straight ahead.

At first I thought that I was witnessing a spectacular ‘shooting star’ moving straight toward me from directly due north. It was late dusk on a crystal clear, crisp evening. After a moment I thought it strange that it had not burned out yet. At the same time I began to see that this was not a meteor. As the phenomenon got closer I could see that it it had distinct balls of dim light that moved forward within what appeared to be a cylinder or tracks of similarly dim light walls. The balls of light moved within the cylinder all as one directly toward, then over me in a southerly direction. As the event moved as one i could help but think that this is what some type of ‘space portal’ must look like. I was watching this in awe thinking that by the time that I reached in my pocket, navigated to camera and began recording that it would dissipate/disappear, but it just kept moving toward me. With all this I finally grabbed my phone out of my pocket and began filming. I captured a full 30 seconds of this phenomenon as it rather slowly moved over me, and then out of sight over the top of my tall two story home. As it moved directly overhead for so long I got the best view of it. The balls of light within the two walls of similar light seem to regenerate and move forward within the “cylinder” as they also seemed to fall back and be dissolved into the lights further back. The last observation is the two starlike pins of light that hovered and poked around at the front of the cylinder and at the rear moving like moths to a flame, but they looked like and were the relative size of stars. I have seen two other strange things in the part of the sky that I first noticed this, but have no footage. The reason that I am submitting this is in hopes that your video experts can find the phenomenon. At the time that I recorded I could not see what I was recording on my phone screen. I thought that that I held pretty steady, but the only things that I can see on my phone/iPad is probably an actual star and not one of the moth-like lights that accompanied the cylinder. At the end of the video the big brote lights are just my neighbors house across the street. Please let me know if you can get any visuals from this footage! Also, I have had some phone issues and the mic mostly does not work so there is no audio to my knowledge.
