{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467723","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/723/mufon-5467723.json","updb_database_id":5467723}
{td} Stationary star suddenly takes counterclockwise orbit

I was standing outside at the edge of my driveway/street stargazing... just letting my thoughts go for a bit. Looking toward the eastern sky, I witnessed a "star" suddenly begin to make a counterclockwise orbit... said orbit following a general 3:00 to 12:00 path, then heading back down to approximately 5:00, where it eventually stopped. Total elapsed time from start to stationary was less than a minute.

As a rough estimate on perspective circumference/path of said "star," if you were to hold a large pizza at arms length and trace the edges with your eyes, you'd definitely be well inside the ball park. For the size of the object itself, I would suggest a strongly-lit satellite as a good reference. Please keep in mind that said orbit was not a perfect radius... more spiral.

Besides the obvious, one thing that immediately struck me as odd was that the object appeared to position itself in a direct line with two other stationary stars. An initial thought was, if this object was stationed outside earth's atmosphere, then it must have been moving at a tremendous, unheard of speed. Another thought was, after turning my gaze away from the object to check out the surrounding sky, and then looking back at it, and even knowing that what I witnessed was real, this object appeared to be nothing more than a star. And then a tingling down the spine as I contemplated the true nature of the two other sister stars mentioned above. Could it be that what appears to be three stars in alignment is really three intelligently operated objects?

I continued to monitor the object(s) for approximately 15 minutes and witnessed no further movements. I did hear the distant roar of a military aircraft approx. 5 minutes after the object became stationary. By the sound of the engines, I would estimate it to have been an F-15 with afterburners engaged, or something equivalent.

I should mention that the town I live in is located on the northern edge of Holloman AFB, so military jets, helicopters, and drones are a common sight/sound. And as I grew up on/near AFB's, I have a lot of firsthand experiences with military aircraft.

Now the story takes an interesting turn. Approximately one week later, I was talking with a former neighbor who lives across town. This guy is retired DoD... straight shooter and open-minded. So in the middle of our conversation, he hits me with: " I know this might sound weird..." He went on to describe a very similar chain of events as I described above. The big difference was that he witnessed a "star" performing zig-zag movements before becoming stationary. Based on what he stated, I'm certain that we were witnessing two different objects on that same night around the same time. Also note that he too heard the roar of a military jet around this time.

The weirdest part of his story, for me, was how closely his thought processes matched mine regarding how we perceived the surreal aspect of this object transforming from a normal star in the sky into a moving object, and then back into just another star mixed in with so many others.
