{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491723","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67833","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3317,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/723/mufon-5491723.json","updb_database_id":5491723}
{dr}father saw object overhead stationary, ran in house for handycam and filmed object emitted 4 smaller objects 1 went up and 2 down with one separating into 2.

I live in Alamance NC just south Of Burlington. Back of house faces NE Father, daughter and myself were sitting down to July 4th dinner on pool patio out back. Time was around 8:10 pm. Sky clear blue with very small, very few low scattered clouds. Father saw bright round object stationary almost directly overhead. I quickly recognized that this wasn't a plane or meteor. I ran into house to get Sony handycam to film and called my wife, stepmother and daughter's boyfriend outside to witness.

Object still overhead but slowly moving after 5 stationary minutes. Moved in a East SE to a North NW direction. Object distance seemed very high and higher than passenger jets with jetstreams. Filming was shaky as it was hand held with some filming with my arms on table for some support Object distance was very high which made filming seem more shaky. 2nd problem was that its a new camera and I was not familiar with the auto focus and how to turn it off while I filmed and fought trying to manually focus.

Object was stationary overhead for 5 minutes and then traveled for 20-25 minutes spanning from 90 degrees overhead to about 45 degrees from horizon with occasional wispy clouds but mostly blue sky as film will show. I did put the camera down once to view through my night optics goggles which wasn't very successful in the light. Picking back up the Handycam, the object was still in the sky and then I got the suprise that my daughter could visually see. Please excuse the couple of curse words I said in my excitement in the film.

Object then seemed to release a smaller object around the 8 oclock position, that I was able to view, go out and up visually. I then looked back in my view finder to see 2 more objects coming down out of the emission and the lower one then separated into 2. After I lost sight in my camera screen of the objects I looked up and they were not visible however I saw a dark jet flying about 2000 ft up but in the distance and could not hear the engines but did not record it as I remained searching for the objects.  Film is condensed as I edited out the very shaky and blurred parts. I checked and there were no rocket launches from Wallops Island or Canaveral nor could I find any High Altitude balloon launches recently either. Your thoughts would be appreciated. Total sighting lasted 35 minutes approximately.
