{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484723","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75086","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/723/mufon-5484723.json","updb_database_id":5484723}
Small object that hovered for 5-15 minutes before it...

I was participating in a village rally, actual rally. Where I was, where a stop and the participants had to complete a task before they could take off again. It was out in a forrest next to a road in a clearing. It was a beautiful day, sunny, blue skies. 

I was boored and I walked about when i spotted it hovering over the trees crossed the road. It just sat there, no sound, no movement. 
I looked at it for a few minutes before I decided to run back and get my brother. 

I saw him and approacched him, shouted he had to ccome see this. But he was busy and dismissed me whitch he regrets today. I didnt want to loose time so I didnt stay to persuade him, instead I ran back to look at it again. 

It remained at the same location just hovering, silently. I cannot be sure how long i watched it, perhaps an additional 5-15 minutes, it was a long time and I studied it, gazing, trying to understand. At this time of my life I had never really reflected about UFO's. I had seen E.T that was about it, but at this point I knew something was odd. 

Then it started to move, from my point of view it hoverd slowly to the left, perhaps a couple of meters before it stopped. Then it hovered back to the right, all in a straight line. 
At one point perhaps an additional few meters it just out of nowhere bursted in a massive amount of speed and directions. It Zic zacked downwards perhaps 3-4 turns in straight downard lines, left right left right left and then it dissapered behind the trees.

At that point I freaked out and ran back to my brother. 

I know what I saw, I saw it for a long time. 
It was some kind of flying object and with what I know today I cannot realy explain what it was or how it was able to fly like that, because nothing could fly like that.

If I could change one thing, It would have been running to my brother, I should have run into the forrest and looked for it, with that speed it must have landed or crashed or flewn down along the horizon. Because It never left.
