{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492723","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66804","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2953,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/723/mufon-5492723.json","updb_database_id":5492723}
{rjl} El Toro Marine Corps air base, special weapons training unit California.

The siteing took place at El Toro Marine Corps base in California in 1963 while I was on active duty in the United States Marine Corps. While on guard duty one of my fellow Marines told me to look up at the sky to confirm what he was seeing. He said he saw three bright stars that appeared to him to be moving. I looked up and did witness three bright stars but they did not appear to me to be moving at that time. We were both stationed on top of 15 foot towers with flood lights that were at opposite ends of the special weapons training unit pirimeters. He called to me once more and said look they are moving, I looked up again and did observe the three bright objects moving in a very fast direction across the sky. They appear to be getting larger and closer as we kept observing them.
They cut across the sky in a 451 angle towards our direction and were getting larger and brighter as they approached the Marine Corps base. They hovered over the base for approximately one minute. I got on the phone and call the sergeant of the guard to come and see what was happening. Shortly thereafter the three objects, (one at a time) shot across the sky in another 451 angle ( again one at a time ) going through a cloud leaving a round disc shaped hole and  As they went through the cloud they turn themselves into a round donut shaped light that spread further and further apart until they disappeared.
We had an unofficial guard dog at our location, a German Shepherd who was going crazy barking and yelping and scurrying about the perimeter during the entire incident.
Please note that the El Toro Marine Corps air Station was a Marine air base with many types of aircraft that we were very familiar with but these three unidentified flying objects were not aircraft we were familiar with and did not appear to any of us to be man-made.
The sergeant of the day called the officer on duty who came in a jeep with three other Marines a rolling across the perimeter heading towards our location as the three flying objects were in the process of disappearing.
No further mention of this incident was ever made by any of my commanding officers. 

PS
For any further details and elaboration please feel free to contact me. 
Respectfully 
[Name, email and phone number removed/cms/tg]
