Case No. 1801 18072022

Date: July 16, 2022.

Approximate Time: N/A.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: A. M. L., 41 years old.

Description: The informant reported the presence of what she considered an
aerial anomaly in photographs and a recording she made on July 16, 2022, in the
Las Lomas sector, in San Clemente, in the Maule Region.

What was reported was described as circular and white in color. No estimate of its
size, where it was first seen, or where it was heading was provided.
She lost sight of it, but it had indeed been visible for 11 to 20 seconds by two witnesses.

The user testified that (sic): “We were traveling home, from the mountains to Talca, our city, and took photos and video as we thought the afternoon was beautiful, upon arrival and reviewing the photos and video, we noticed the presence of this form that moved in an odd way, and when zooming in on the same photo, we realized it was not something known, even apparently it would appear to be”
"Around 9 points of light, the truth without technology is difficult to appreciate."

Along with the report, five files were entered consisting of four photographs and a video sequence.
For statistical analysis purposes and based on the user's report, the case was georeferenced at the coordinates 35° 24' 35'' South Latitude and 71° 23' 14'' West Longitude, at 287 meters above sea level, in the Las area.
Lomas, Maitenes, San Clemente. (Figure 1)
                                          Figure 1
Along with her report, the user provided five audiovisual files that were
perused using computer programs, confirming that they had not been visually
altered.

Although the analysis of the information contained within them confirmed they
had been altered during their transfer through WhatsApp servers, it was
decided to continue considering the photographs as study material due to the
nature of the report and their sufficient graphic integrity to be analyzed.
Figure 2. Optical aberrations caused by the windshield through which the photograph was taken (yellow arrows) and what was reported (orange circle).
As Figure 2 shows, both the photographs and the videotaping were
They were observed from inside a vehicle. This involved optical alterations due to the interaction of lighting and the windshield.

The geometric study of the images determined that what was perceived by the observer was not what was actually there.
The user reported parasitic reflections, or "flares," and identified the sources of light that caused them. (Figures 2 to 5)

                     Figure 3. Parasitic reflection in image 1801-1.
                  Figure 4. Parasitic reflection in image 1801-2.

Beyond the photos previously shown, a video was received, which was examined frame by frame, with 23 frames in total. Figure 5 shows what was reported as seen in frame 19.
                  Figure 5. Parasitic reflection in video 1801-3.
Images: The case was studied based on the available audiovisual material that was altered by WhatsApp servers.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report and the results of the geographic, forensic, and photographic studies, it was concluded that what was reported were parasitic reflections, or "flares," caused by incident light on the camera lens used, which resulted in the light sensor imprinting them on the images.

Since these optical aberrations only existed within the equipment, they were not caused by external factors.
They were seen by the photographer. The movements that caught attention in the
recording are directly related to the intensity and integrity with which the
parasitic light beams reached the interior of the camera and the different angles
at which they touched its lenses.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained".
