{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-18 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524806","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31014","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6219,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/806/mufon-5524806.json","updb_database_id":5524806}
A large triangle shaped-obect with 5 circular lights.

As I was driving East On Highway 24 leaving Fayetteville, North Carolina on August 18, 2011 , I was heading home. The time was late after 9:00pm but almost 10:00pm. After I reached the intersection of Highway 24 and Cedar Creek Rd, I traveled about a mile on the outskirts of Fayetteville, thru 2 intersections. By the time I reached the second intersection, I had passed a large machinery lot with tobaccos and CAT ,used in constuction, on my left. And, on my right lots of trees with a break and in the distance you can see a factory like establishment; there were trees also located on the left side of the highway. While I approached the second intersection, it was about 10:00pm, I didn't really have the radio turned up but I was smoking a cigarrette and I noticed a aircraft with 5 round-circular lights shaped in a triangle flying over the trees on the left side of the highway. At first I noticed that it was a large aircraft of some caliber, and paid no attention because I realized the Fayetteville Airport is located very close by, down highway 301. But, then as it was still on the left side of the highway still with the end of the flying object just coming over the trees, I began to realize that this flying object was in the outline of a geometric triangle with 5 circular-round lights and it was very large. 

My head exploded with questions, all dealing with airplanes or any type of aircraft that could have been in the sky and at that size and caliber and at that time. This obect was a very large triangle in the sky with 5 lights, what appeared to be located at the bottom. The aircraft seemed to blend into the night sky so it looked dark but still dull at the same time, but I can still clearly see a triangle outline shape with a solid texture of a blackish maybe dark grayish color. This obect looked maybe few hundred feet above the highest trees and it looked about a couple hundred feet for each side. The triangle had 3 equal sides so I believe it to be a equilateral triangle. Then the 5 lights on the bottom. You had one light in the corner of the point/vertices of the triangle and that was heading in the direction over the highway left-to-right on the road. Three more circular lights were located on the opposite straight-side of the triangle, with gaps between each light. Then the 5th circular light was located in the very center under the aircraft triangle. This light also seem to have a larger circumference then the other 4 lights. So, starting from the front bottom of the triangle to the back bottom, the lights seem to line up in a ratio of 1-1-3. These lights were round, circular and bright. They appeared to be a constant whitish glowing color, but they didn't blink, flash, or move side-to-side, but more seemed to have a sight blur on the outline of the circle; like looking at jet boosters and seeing the fumes comeout the exhaust. This flying triangle flew at a constant height above the trees and just casually flew over the highway in my sights. If I had to guess, this flying aircraft was roughly about a thousand feet to a few thousand feet away from me and in the air. I asked myself, "Can it be a regular US Airway's or a Delta airplane heading toward the airport, but just flying low?" I answered, "No, I drive down highway 24 all the time to go home and I see regular airplanes flying to the airport at night. The difference was that those airplanes i see normally were in the distant and looked like little specks of lights, shaped like a bird with a nose, wings, and a tail. I would also notice that those airplanes have a red flashing light under the bottom of the plane. But this flying triangle didn't have a red light, and no blinking lights." Then i asked myself,"Was it a fighter jet or stealth jet?" Again I answered no because I pointed out the immediate difference. If it was a fighter jet, I understand they fly low at night sometimes, but i noticed that this flying object made no noise at all. I had my radio off and the window halfway down driving down the highway at around 50-55 mph. Normally when I see a jet high in the sky and they pass over, they normally have a loud echo in the sky. And for this triangle to be so huge and appear so large at my distant, I would have expected hearing some type of engine or popeller. I discluded in my mind that it was not a figher jet or stealth jet, because it flew at a constant height and it seemed to hover like a helicopter flying at a constant straight path. But again, this flying triangle was still too large from any helicopter I have ever seen, so I don't believe it to be that either, and I do not think a jet or any airplane that large and visible to my eye, can fly that low without making any sound, and by not going that fast. Also to mention the large circular lights on the bottom. 

The flight of motion of the triangle seemed to come from the left side of Highway 24 over the highway and onto the right side towards the factory side. I only saw the flying triangle for about 10-15 seconds. As it was flying over the right side, it instantly shocked me, why don't I take a picture. I should have taken a video from the beginning but it didn't click to try and video it. But, I did take a picture. You can see 5 lights in the sky, but since I took it over my dashboard while driving down a highway, the picture is smaller in the distance and set at 1x zoom. You can only see the lights but if you traced a triangle it would be a exact match. I lost the flying triangle after it passed over the right side of the highway.
