{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-05-19 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286806","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/806/mufon-5286806.json","updb_database_id":5286806}
Round peripheral rotating lights while the unit stays stationary. I was young I remember being very afraid I was alone in the house.

This is something I have never forgotten. I recently found a Richmond Times dispatch article that chronicled a similar sighting from another kid my age at the time in the same space. I should say same county. I was alone in the house that evening while my parents were at a cocktail party right down the street. I remember looking out the window for some reason at the back of the house and seeing a huge large round craft. It was silver metal but it was dark outside so I can’t tell if it was really reflective or not. It had Lights facing down from the bottom on the periphery that circled while the object remain stationary. They were of a light yellow beam sort of light. I don’t recall much of a sound perhaps a hum. This was in 1967 before a lot was out about UFOs and as I stated I was a pretty young child at that point about 10 or 11. I remember being very afraid that I should try to call my parents to run into my room and close the door. I was too afraid to stay in their room which is where I was watching the subject to make the call so I ran into my room and I remember nothing after that. I don’t remember them coming home I don’t remember telling them about it I’ll just never get the picture of this thing out of my mind. I don’t know if something happened to me that night or not it has always been a question in my mind I know what I saw, and I have no doubts as to what I saw. And stumbling upon that article and the picture sketch that was in the newspaper pond the description of the other kid that was my age and his recollection was almost identical to what I saw. That prompted me to proceed with filing this. The article was Richmond Times dispatch dated June 11, 2018. Titled from the archives: UFO sightings in Virginia. What I witnessed was the Henrico County incident. As I said the picture was pretty darn close not exactly what I saw. My lack of memory right after the incident has always made me wonder what happened. It’s like I remember the object so crystal clear… But not what happened after it. I don’t even remember my parents coming home but I know they did.
