{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-17 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487806","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71848","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2657,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/806/mufon-5487806.json","updb_database_id":5487806}
saw bright orange lights in sky like a parade passing they did different formations 9 total

I have a home in La Mision, Baja CA. I was outside in the backyard looking up at sky to see if it would be a good night for star gazing. It was about 8-8:30 pm. There was the typical "marine layer" of clouds because we live right on the beach and it makes any star gazing impossible. I looked to the east because a bright orange light got my attention. It looked like maybe a helicopter, then 2 more joined it and they flew SSE and formed a backwards "C" then 3 more after them formed like a boomerang shape. While the second set was forming the 1st 3 shot away into the cloud cover. The second set did the same thing traveling in formation then disappearing into the clouds. Then real a big one by itself flew along the same path as the ones before, and another single one following the one before it and one more after that. they flew in a horizontal line went up sharply like 45 degree angle then disappeared into clouds too. The last 3 did not do this at the same time but followed the same path each alone but following the same path. When I first saw them I yelled to my brother who ran and got binoculars. When viewed through them you couldn't make out anything but a round orange light.We couldn't see any light source, or craft of any kind. We knew they were not any kind of mexican aircraft like helicopters because baja calif no one has reported this thats why I am doing itsimply does not own 9 of them. Ever since childhood when our grandfather introduced us to the wonders of stargazing my brother and I are always looking up into the stars with anything we can get our hands on or just with the naked eye. We have never seen anything like this. We ruled out balloons of any kind, chinese paper lanterns, aircraft (no blinking lights) or noise plus flying below cloud cover so fast, satellites, lights reflecting off satellites. From beginning to end lasted about 30-35 min. The last 3 were about 5 min apart. I have been looking to see if anyone saw this but
