{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-01-07 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492806","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66721","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/806/mufon-5492806.json","updb_database_id":5492806}
{dr}A single high intesity light projecting a cone shaped light on the ground.

I was driving to work at about 5:30 AM on a clear, cold, starlit morning on Interstate 90 near Forsythe MT in the winter of 1981-82.  About 1 mile away from the Colstrip interchange I observed a bright light on the left side of the highway about 100 feet off the ground. I took this to be a new gas drilling rig which usually have a light on the top of the rig, shining down. 
As I came to the interchange the light was directly across the highway from me about 100 feet in altitude and a distance of about 200 feet. The light appeared to be a high intensity search light scanning the ground, and it was moving slowly, maybe walking speed, to the west, parallel to the highway. It was very similar to a search helicopter but there was absolutely no sound. To make sure about the sound I turned off the vehicle and exited the car into the subzero morning and listened intently. No Sound.  Then I noticed that the stars were not observable for a radius of perhaps 300 feet or more. I shaded my eyes from the bright light but still could not see any stars except at the extreme horizon.
Presently another car came up and parked. The guy jumped out and said, "What the hell is that?" I replied that I didn't know and asked him to turn off his car and listen. He did not hear anything either. We stood there in the cold until he said, "I gotta get to work", and headed towards to the Colstrip Powerplants where I was going also. I stayed for another 15 minutes or so. The light turned to the north while scanning a coulee and the width of the light was about 100 feet on the ground. 
I don't recall specifically thinking anything except maybe wondering what or who this was. Maybe I thought about the object, wanting to communicate, but I don't recall.  It seemed clear to me that this was not a terrestrial object. 
The strange part is that I began having prophetic dreams shortly thereafter and they continued until 2007, always coming true.
