{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-21 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490806","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68770","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/806/mufon-5490806.json","updb_database_id":5490806}
{jpg} Appeared out of NE moving quickly, caught our attention and was horizon to horizon in less than 2 mins.

The craft did not look like any anything either my wife or I have ever seen from our location. Object initially looked like it was more vertical structure like a human hanging from a jet wing but flying completely vertically in an upright position with level horizontal flight path and then changed to a disc like object.
I did start video on phone device. Both my wife and self are heard asking 'what is it?' The video was poor quality as I was so flustered and knew it was passing so fast I was trying not to miss the event. I forgot to get foreground and reference points. The object was too small to find thru the camera so I only captured it on video 3 quick flashes. I did shoot a couple pictures before it was out of sight 2 of which had images of the object. In the 2 pictures one was quite pixelated but the last is clearer and has a roof top vent as reference in the frame. 

1. My spouse and I were on our patio.
2. Speed and odd appearance caught our attention. We are located near   DIA, Buckley AFB and a smaller Regional Air Field. We are use to the busy air traffic and enjoy watching and identifying aircraft. We have never had a UFO sighting from this location or anything to catch our attention as out of the ordinary.
3. We had no idea what it was but it was the odd appearance and speed that caught our full attention. the object did not take off from any of the areas air fields and remained at the same altitude. The flight path was not normal from our location compared to normal traffic patterns.The object remained at the altitude and speed from the beginning of the sighting.
4.The object didn't do anything remarkable other than appearance and velocity with complete silence and no exhaust.
5.We spent time after the event trying to figure out what we saw and settled on it was a UFO with unknown origin.
6. Our sighting ended when the object disappeared behind our home. 

I am willing to share the video and pictures but was unable to upload here at this time.
