{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501806","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57229","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7933,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/806/mufon-5501806.json","updb_database_id":5501806}
{dr} Vectored UFO / ETV using Dr. Steven M. Greer's Contact App using his CE-5 (Close Encounter of the 5th Kind) Initiative - Awesome Light Ship - FOUR VIDEOS

The most interesting part of this whole contact experience was that just prior to my husband going to have a smoke outside and seeing this craft at eye level, he and I had just had a brief exchange /squabble about ET's. Ironically or not, below are the details of our discussion just minutes before our sighting. In a nutshell, I am a huge, HUGE fan of Dr. Steven Greer- the founder and father of The Disclosure Project Movement and the awesome Sirius Film Documentary. I had recently downloaded his ET contact app on my cell phone. I had performed the meditations using Dr. Greer1s CE-5 (Close Encounter of the 5th Kind) App to vector an ETV (Extraterrestrial Vehicle) to our location for several hours earlier in the day. I was now in our bedroom listening to a PODCAST with Dr. Greer explaining the details of his near death experience and I paused the PODCAST to find my husband in our living room, to tell him about it. I told my husband, unsolicited of course, that I too, like Dr. Steven Greer, believe that when we die, we go to where we are, consciously and cosmically. So, I was nagging my husband for the 100th time, that I wanted him to increase his conscious awareness, start meditating immediately because I was now four years ahead of him in learning to do so, that he needed to quit smoking yesterday and be at a higher level of consciousness today, so that by the time we both die, we might have the chance to know each again in another dimension, pending that he cultivate his cosmic awareness. He was NOT very receptive to my thoughts, especially since I had made him listen to recordings that had come out of a crop circle, known as "crop circle tones" via Dr. Steven Greer1s Contact App, earlier in the day. So after lecturing him, I walked back to our bedroom to resume my PODCAST with Dr. Steven Greer and my husband walked outside and into another dimension. Below are the details and our four videos of this sighting attached. The third and fourth videos are the best of the ETV. Thank you ET and thank you to the most cosmically conscious man on our planet, Dr. Steven M. Greer, to whom we will be forever most humbly grateful. 

At approximately 8:00 pm, my husband went outside our front door to smoke a cigarette, after the run in with me above, where I lectured him about ET's and his needing to learn to meditate. He came running back in the house screaming my name, yelling, "COME OUTSIDE!!!!!" He was running so hard through our house, his hands smacking the walls, as he was running down the main hallway, that he was shaking the house. I actually thought we were possibly having a small earthquake. I yelled back at him, "HOLD ON!" Before I could even get outside, he came back inside again absolutely screaming, for me and my son to 1HURRY UP!1 My son and I go outside and see at eye level, why he was so excited. A brilliant, absolutely gorgeous, sphere was at tree top level, directly across the street from our home, hovering directly over our neighbor's large pine tree. It turned colors from an aqua/neon blue, to a cobalt blue and a bright red, as it was spinning in a counter clockwise fashion. It was so freaking awesome there are simply no words. After capturing our full attention, the air show began. The maneuvering capability of this light ship was beyond all comprehension. It would arch its flight path in a "C" shape jumping or hopping right over the top of the pine tree, hopping back and forth, over the top of the tree with ease and back again. It would stop about 50' from the left side of the tree top, hover, then free fall to below the tree line, then ascend straight up faster they anything you could ever see at Six Flaggs, hover again, go behind the tree, jump over the tree, free fall halfway, stop in midair, free fall again, then ascend straight up, hover and this went on and on and on and on. This lasted for approximately thirty minutes. In fact, my husband had the time to go back inside to find his camera, a Nikon D3100, then he scrambled to find the right camera lens, as he run inside and outside about changing lens, but he was successful in videotaping the light ship. The ship remained with us until our teenage neighbor and his companion arrived by car at their home, where the action was taking place right over their heads. As they drove up, they could clearly see the three of us standing in our driveway, excited and my husband with a camera in his hand filming the sky above their home. They naturally crossed the street and walked into our driveway to see what we were doing and to see what we were looking at. I told them as they approached, not to be afraid and then my husband yelled out at them, that it was a UFO and I think they got a little scared as they turned around to look at it. It was at this point that the ship seemed too dematerialized to our naked eye, but on the fourth video attached, what you can see that it actually did, was to take off so fast, going to the lower left, that we couldn't see this at all, its speed was so quick and fast. I believe it left us because our teenage neighbors were afraid and to avoid causing anyone, any emotional duress whatsoever, they will remove themselves because this is how truly loving they are. I believe, rather, I KNOW with 100 percent certainty, that this was a completely peaceful contact experience and the "ET's" are so kind in fact, I even tried to tell the teens to not be afraid but the ship would not rematerialized in their presence. We had to show them the video so they would not think we were all crazy. Please excuse my husband's profanity in the videos, as he was so frenzied and frantic to film this sighting, that we can now both laugh at his reaction. I, on the other hand, was talking to the craft, thanking it for this awesome experience, asking it if we could photograph it, etc., and my husband clearly wanted me to "SHUT UP!" Our conversation on the audio is hilarious. The experience and sighting left me so incredibly happy for hours. While watching it live, I felt like I could predict its next movements. My husband would say, "It's gone." I found myself responding, "No it's not, it is going to come out from behind the tree and drop straight down" and it would. I seriously felt like I was somehow communicating with it and could direct my husband where to point his camera next to try to capture this fast moving object again and again. It was one of the best moments of all of our lives and I wish this same experience for all of humanity. Someone should nominate Dr. Steven M. Greer for the Nobel Peace Prize as the preeminent genius of the 20th and 21st Centuries and beyond. We wish everyone peace, blessings and universal happiness and freedom to all our members of the human family.
