{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529806","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4109,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/806/mufon-5529806.json","updb_database_id":5529806}
A morphing triangular object with indistinct edges descending slowly upon the horizon. Precise shape of object hard to determine on account of twinkling blue and red lights.

Very early one morning last month, my husband called me to the front balcony of our country home very excitedly... "Come and see this!!!" he shouted urgently, so I got out of bed to see what the fuss was about. 

In the sky we observed what looked like a triangular-shaped object hovering on the horizon, moving in small, erratic motions, back and forth within a small radius, making what appeared to be a very slow descent upon the horizon. After about 10 minutes, it disappeared entirely behind the mountain: our cottage looks out onto a lake that is flanked at every side by the gently rolling Laurentian hills. 

It was very difficult to determine the precise shape of the object in question, as this particular detail was obscured by numerous twinkling blue and red lights. (It occured to me just now that I should have tried to count their number, but I did not. The lights were flashing in no repetitive pattern that I could discern.)

I described the object as triangular in shape for the twinkling lights, at the very least, were arranged upon the object in a loose, morphing triangle of sorts. I viewed the object with binoculars but in terms of structure I was unable to discern anything but a shadow with decidedly indistinct edges, perhaps on account of the many flashing lights, whose shape appeared to be shifting. 

My husband and I agreed that we had never before seen any aircraft behave in this manner. It CERTAINLY was not a helicopter or airplane. There was no sound coming from the object that we could discern.

I am only reporting this incident because of news report that made the local headlines in nearby Montreal last weekend. A very respected obstetrician/gynecologist was coming home from the hospital late one evening and reported a strange sight in the sky. I was astonished to discover that he appeared to be describing the object we saw to a tee! I am convinced by his description that we may have seen the same object, or perhaps two very similar objects, in close geophysical proximity, in the span of a month. (My cottage is about an hour's drive away from Montreal.) Here is a link to the story:

[link moved to additional evidence section/cms/tg]

I realize I probably should have reported this earlier (this would have given my sighting greater credibility no doubt!) but it didn't even occur to me to make an "official" claim. I just thought it was interesting, if somewhat alarming. In my gut, I got the sense that this was a "scanning probe" of some sort. This is pure speculation on my part, and I cannot even identify precisely what lies behind this association in my mind.
Perhaps it is due to the slow, descending, side-to-side movement of the object.

Incidentally, my husband and I are amateur astronomers who own a 10-inch Dobsonian reflector, which we carted out onto the deck only to realize with great dismay that it was impossible for us to obtain a viewing angle from our vantage point on the balcony! (We toyed with the idea of hauling the telescope downstairs, but by this time the object had descended very low upon the horizon, disappearing from view shortly thereafter.) We are very familiar with many of the objects in the night skies. We know what satellites, stars, planets, constellations, helicopters and planes look like, and this was certainly none of those.
