{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-08 19:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522806","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3174,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/806/mufon-5522806.json","updb_database_id":5522806}
V shaped massive silent fast and not of this world 100% sure of that.

I just got out of the hotub on my deck.Im always looking up at night, i work nightshift and i am always looking up for satelites and i always 
hope one day ill see somthing i will undoubtably decare a ufo.
I happened, i dry off from the tub and go inside for about 10 min. I come back out it a cool night and i light a smoke and sit down on the step.
I look up and immediatley i see a V shaped line of very dim red amber lights
i would think about 7 circular lights per side.
I t was about 1000 feet up and very large. to block it from view i would have used about the basketball size object at arms length.
It came from direcly over my house and went on in a strait line due east. Abosolutley silent , it covered my sky line in about 7 seconds before it blended in the night sky.
My wife caught the tail end of it.When i say lights i don't mean it as we would see lights on a car 
they were very dim and could easily not be seen by anyone walking it just seemed to blend in with the night sky, yet 100% visible, i couldnt see any sides of it just the circular amber red dim lights. It was alligned in a V shape rather than a boomer rang, it had about 7-9 lights per side wich formed a V that was more of a 60 degree angle.
It is my first sighting, i was really taken back, im the kind of guy where i could spin a great tale, but i tell you this was somthing not of this world. Dead silnt as it passed over me and covered my sky line in 7 seconds.
I saw it now im questioning what i should do,,, they are here and our goverments probably cant do a thing anyways, they have no need to contact us they can come and go as they wish,,,i am very puzzeled right now about what i should be doing,,, i seen it i believe it and i really feel like i should be trying to expose it to the rest of the world,,, where the hell was it going,,, i ask this because i drive somewhere ive got somthing to do
where were they going they obviously have somthing to do they arent just joy riding,,,, this bothers me the most i feel i have to do somthing about this and im inept to do anything except question what they are doing , We are a rich mineral deposited area, gawd i have a tonne of probable reasons 
but why wont they make themselves known..... i always thought you peeps who report this stuff are wack jobs
mabey some of you are ,,, but if u seen what i seen i am certain you are going through what i am going through,,,,
