{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479182","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80922","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2884,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/182/mufon-5479182.json","updb_database_id":5479182}
Grouping of white lights in triangle or spokes shape high in sky unmoving for at least 30 minutes

On Dec 10, 2016 I was driving from Toronto to Hamilton, Ontario along the Queen Elizabeth Way highway, moving west. Just as I as I entered Mississauga at about 7 pm, I noticed a grouping of lights up and to my front-right, about 75 degrees above the horizon. I noticed immediately that it was not moving, and in fact twice in the next few minutes a plane flew past much lower. The grouping of bright white lights were arranged in somewhat of a triangle, although it seemed some of the lights extended beyond the corners of a triangle. The lights did seem to be arranged in straight lines, but not clearly on a horizontal or vertical plane. 
The shape created by the lights was a bit difficult to make out as they were quite high in the sky.

As I drove along, after a few minutes I though maybe these were lights on top of some structure or tower, but they were not blinking, and as I drove the grouping never moved position in the sky, as they would have done if I were driving past a structure. After about 5 -7 minutes it became apparent that
this was not a structure at all. I drove for 30 minutes with this grouping still to the front & right of me, at the same elevation, and seemed to be the same size, and I drove a distance of about 35 km. This was not a constellation; the lights were too large and tightly grouped, and of uniform size. Besides, I have driven this route hundreds of times in my life and have never seen this grouping of lights. 

The lights continued to hang in the sky all the way to Hamilton, as I drove along Hwy 403 which continues west to Hamilton from Burlington, where the QEW turns south to Niagara Falls. The lights faded out a couple of times for no more than 1 minute, but came back, and I believe this was due to cloud cover. 

I lost sight of the grouping as the 403 turns south into downtown Hamilton, because I was no longer facing toward it.

I have attached a sketch of the grouping of lights. The number of lights & arrangement is approximate, since they were so high up/far away it was difficult to be completely discernible.
