{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-09-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490182","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69411","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/182/mufon-5490182.json","updb_database_id":5490182}
3 sightings. first, football shaped silver craft. second, large bright light with sporadic movements, third, bright light slowly moving closer. time loss

it was early September 1979 and I was playing outside with my dog and two sisters. there was no wind and it was nice and sunny with no clouds in the sky. I looked up and my eyes were drawn to an object far off in the sky far enough away it was hard to see but there was a long skinny silver shape pointed sharply on both ends just hovering and not moving. I watched it for a while and tried to point it out to my sister but from what I can remember I don't think she seen it. after quite a long time of watching it just hovering there silently I lost interest and went back to playing again because at this point I was only 8 years old.
later the same day late in the night somewheres around midnight my mother her cousin myself and two sisters were driving back home to Amherst Nova Scotia. we were driving in an area called the boar's back when a bright light appeared on the right side of the car and seemed to move side to side up and down sometimes very fast and sometimes very slow it moved very sporadic and at times seemed to be within feet of the car. sometimes the light was hard to look at because it was so bright. this continued for a few minutes then I don't remember anything after that. I don't remember getting home that night. the third time I seen the bright light was December 24th that year it seemed to come out of the distance behind our trailer slowly towards us when we were getting out of my mother's car in our yard at 8 Bayview Dr Amherst Nova Scotia then I don't remember anything after that. not even going into the house.
I also found 5 seed type things in my body many years later 3 in my spine one in the right side of my forehead and one in the webbing of my right hand.
I have carried those memories for many years and even today it seems like it was only yesterday
