{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492182","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67367","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2599,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/182/mufon-5492182.json","updb_database_id":5492182}
{jpg} the one the went above us we did not see but the one in front of the van was about as long at the van and as wide as a van, glowing lightblue, small dome on top smooth all over, like a fried egg

1. pulled over talking - mt gladadale (victoria Australia)

2. the noise it made as it came up from the bottom of the mountain 

3. UFO

4. the first object we did not see as it passed over our heads (just above the tree line) the second was in front of the van (it was hovering about 6foot off the ground)

5, fear, I wanted to get out of there, I said as soon as I heard it, it was a UFO, the two guys i was with said it was a truck and we sat there looking for head lights to come up the mountain, after they realised it was not truck the two guys and the dog we had with us jumped out of the car and looked up to the sky to see what they could see, I stayed in the car frozen with fear, i asked myself if i wanted to to see a ufo and finally jumped out of the car and stood with the guys and looking up to the tree line as the noise aproceh us, we could not see anything but could clearly tell when it reached us, was over the top of us and had passed us, the noise was so loud the dog was behaving funny and I never heard anything that loud in my life. after it had reach the top of the mountain it moved on and we could not hear it anymore. We stood there talking about it for a bit and the boys when for a walk in the bush. I stayed in the car, marty my boyfriend at the time told me to lock the doors. I had the window do jut enough to hear out side and turn the radio on slightly to try and claim me down. I felt the back of the van move, and thought it was the dog moving around in the back of the van and said it's okay to the dog but soon remembered they guys had taken the dog. I froze with fear again and when I looked out the window there was a small craft about 5 metters away in front of the van just hovering. that;s the last i remember. 

I have more encounters but that one was my first.
