{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468182","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92424","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/182/mufon-5468182.json","updb_database_id":5468182}
Cigar shape with front end large white blinking light and tail end reasonably smaller but not blinking flew overhead

I was with a new friend parked on Khenipsen Rd at the edge of the town of Duncan to camp out in a quiet spot for the night. It was before 12 AM and we stepped outside to look at the surrounding area and the bright clouds from the light of the moon. facing west nearly straight above a large opening in the clouds I saw a small light moving NW and I pointed, and then it got very bright. I figured it was likely a satellite turning and reflecting a light but also thought it was pretty low as well, then it moved behind the clouds and I didn't see it come out from the other side. 

Then less than a minute later I saw two lights that had to be connected, appearing as a front and rear end of a cigar shaped ship. The front light was considerable larger and it was slowly continuously blinking and the rear smaller light did not blink. I remembered my binoculars under my car seat and grabbed them to have a better look.
It was dark out and I think I may have faintly saw a thin outline on the top from the reflection of the moon. I gave the binoculars to my friend, and then I went to grab my phone to take a video. My phone was acting horribly slow and it went in and out from behind the clouds as I attempted to record it. My video only seemed to be able to capture the larger light.

Later that night I had a ship come to me in my dream and it scanned me and my mind creating a profile for its database or something. It was kind of frightening, and it now knew our whereabouts and where we intended to go next. Then I met human authority figures dressed in black uniforms a bit like police uniforms who stopped me to search me, and searched my mind. I directed them to old family memories to misdirect them from anything that might catch their attention, such as any kind of psychic abilities or remote viewing. they let me go, and I awoke.
