{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-03-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522182","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33902","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2823,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/182/mufon-5522182.json","updb_database_id":5522182}
two beings enter my backyard late at night

i was running downstairs like i always do. but this time i smacked the top of my head into the ceiling. after being dazed for a min. i can remeber very clearly seeing two aleins in my back yard when i was younger. im a little kid when this happens. i wake up in the ,iddle of the night. it must be close to morning. the moon is full and so bright thaat its casting a shadow of the tree that used to be there. for some reason i start stareing out into the yard behind mine. when i did this i saw what i thought were two orange balls floating in the yard. as they got closer i could see it was people with orange kind rounded glass helmets with white suits like a space suit but it had two arms that would stick out from either side and at the tips on the bottoms would pulse out these little white rings. but as the ring got closer to the ground the would grow larger somehow creating forses that lifted them over both fences. they didn't travel side by side. one would be about 30 to 40 feet behind the first one.. they went around the right side of my pool then floated over into my backyard. i am still kneeling in my bed with my face in the window and my hands on the bottom. one is in my backyard and the other one is going off to the right when i noticed that the first one was looking at me. it then floated up to my window till i was staring this person in the face. even thought to colr of the helmet was very bright orange i could tell that it had pale white or a light colord skin its eyes are a little bigger than our eyes but they are completely black. it had a small nose and i didn't notice ears and very thin lips it might not of had them but u could tell it had a mouth. i am looking at this guy for a few seconds and i had no feeling of fear at all i was just in awe, but as soon as it smilied at me my heart sunk. this is when i was going to run staight up to my mom and dads room screaming for mom. but i got to about mo, before it did somthing to me and i froze dead in the middle of a scream and turn. after that happpend my mind goes blank. i never had any memory of the events before i had hit my head and i have thought about its about everyday since its happend.
