{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-08-20 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496182","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63227","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4268,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/182/mufon-5496182.json","updb_database_id":5496182}
{nd} Close encounter of Triangle UFO witnessed in Oxford Michigan while driving back to Lapeer Michigan. I was the only witness since everyone else was in a trance like state.

In late August of 1994 i was riding back with my mother a close friend after A Friday night bowling session we did weekly. As we approached a farm area in between Oxford Michigan and Lapeer Michigan I saw an extremely bright area in a field on the east side of the road. I thought there was a football game or some event going on not realizing where we were. The field was completely illuminated at least a hundred yards and as I observed this I noticed a large triangular object. It had 3 bright white lights one on each Point of the triangle. In the center there was a dome with a laser like red light in the middle of that. The bottom of the craft was so intricate I could see the metal beam structure that it was made of. the craft was only a 100 feet from the ground and was hovering silently.I was so mesmerized by the object that I didn't make a noise until I realized that no one else was looking. So I started yelling Hey look over there what is that? I did not receive a response from anyone in the vehicle and observed they were in some type of trance I shoved my friend and He was almost as stiff as a board.also my mother who was driving was glued straightforward staring at the road in front of us. At that time I realized we were stopped in the road and there were no other vehicles around us.for the moment I ignored them and paid attention to the object again and watched how it began to turn sideways like an F 16 and stayed hovered on its side for about a few seconds before it shot off instantly at speeds beyond any technology we have and became a dot on the horizon a second later.at that very moment my friend And my mother snapped out of whatever state they were in and started yelling where? Where? And I pointed to the horizon in the West sky where the object was now and they sort of shrugged it off and kind of laughed at me.we then continued home and arrived 10 minutes later. I mention the weekly bowling because every Friday we would go to the Oxford bowling alley for my mother's league. Well the next week came around and on our way back that night I witnessed the triangle object higher up in the sky and following me home. This happened for 3 weeks in a row. The last week I saw the object I had a sleepover at my neighbors house. In the middle of the night I woke up to a sound.everyone was sleeping in the basement that night and I was closest to the stairs. I woke up to see a small 3 foot being creeping down the stairs I became terrified and yelled out I see you! The Being peeked through the stair banisters gazing at me before ducking and disappearing out of thin air. My description would be a standard grey alien only a few feet tall large black eyes and long arms. I was so terrified that night that I just close my eyes and went to sleep and tried to forget about it.a couple weeks later I was watching TV and a show called unsolved mysteries was on and the next thing I knew they had a special on the triangle UFO and apparently there were tons of witnesses all throughout the United States all around the same time that I was witnessing my encounter. I also read about the Belgian wave and realized that it was the same craft that I saw. Only I had a very close encounter with it.to this day I can still remember how clearly I could make out the structure of the object. I never knew where to report such a sighting until I started watching the Science Channel. All my life I have had multiple encounters with objects but this was the most Defying experience
