{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494182","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65304","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/182/mufon-5494182.json","updb_database_id":5494182}
{nd} Red glowing orb appears then 2 Military dual rotor helicoptors start to teleport locations always with red orb between them

I live in Staten Island, NY and I had my girlfriend visiting so I had to give her a ride home to Brooklyn, NY (A route traveled many times). For the majority of the journey I travel along the main highway "West Shore Expressway" which goes, for the most part, from the tip of the south shore to the bridge at the tip of the north shore. As we were driving I was pointing out the old landfill to my girlfriend when I spotted a very bright red orb in the distance. I immediatly knew that this was not a light from a plane because it was so bright that it illuminated the clouds around it and was also solid and not blinking like a plane light would be. I focused my attention as much as I could while I was driving but was still able to keep it in sight for a long amount of time. As I pointed out this light to my girlfriend all of a sudden the lights on what appeared to be a military style dual rotor helicopter just appeared a short distance ahead of the orb. The fact that the light just appeared and not flew into view peaked my interest when all of a sudden the exact same thing happened with a 2nd identical copter appearing a short distance behind the orb. I watched all 3 objects in the air and noticed that the 2 "copters" lights would extinguish then reappear in a different area the very next moment. The odd thing was that as the copters would do this teleporting dance the red orb would always be between them. I had my girlfriend take out her phone and record what I was seeing but I dont know if she did not aim it in the exact spot or that the street and car lights just made it difficult to capture the lights but I am attaching the few minutes of video in hopes that maybe you could be able to zoom in or filter it to isolate the lights I seen. Throughout the video you can hear me describe what I am seeing but since I was the one driving I could not record the video myself safely.
