{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-22 21:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453182","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108446","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4261,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/182/mufon-5453182.json","updb_database_id":5453182}
292 degrees w over Princeton W.V.

On April 22, 2020 at approximately 9:03 pm [ Item moved to F I Report {tjd} ] was at work on my 15 min break that was just about over. I was speaking with my wife on my cell phone outside the facility facing 292 degrees west over looking highway 460 looking up at the night sky. I told my wife that she needed to step outside and look to the west and see if she could see what I was looking at in the sky. She told me that she could not see it the mountain was in the way and that i needed to get off the phone and record it, and send it to her. At approximately 9:05 pm I started to record with my I phone pro max 11, the white ball of light was at 292 degrees west above Princeton WV. At this time the white pulsating, ball of light was moving up down side to side and at speeds that I could not judge and height that i could not judge. The speed was so fast that on the video I could not keep up at times. I had the phone stationary but at one moment I had to move the phone to see the ball of light when it shot up. The object that I was looking at was the size of a golf ball as if you were holding it in your hand. I was inspecting the object to the best of my ability to see if there were any marker lights that would be on a conventional plane or drone etc. there were none. As I was recording I had radioed into my facility to let them now what I was witnessing. I am always out at the same spot around the same time every night and always look to the sky. I know what is to be in the sky as far as stars planes etc. I knew that this was something out of the ordinary. In my profession I am a trained observer. I take my profession very seriously in every aspect. That being said if I knew how high the mountain top is I might be able to judge the height of the the object in question, it was very dark to the west. For the 2:05 seconds of video that I had gotten, the object got smaller in size but looked to be in the same general area that i had first observed it. I had to stop my recording due to the fact that I had to relive the next Correctional Officer for his break and get back to the floor at my post. That Correctional Officer and the Facility Nurse went out to observe the object in the sky and they to radioed back to me to let me know that they to are now witnessing the object. Both the Officer and the Nurse confirmed what I saw and that it was small when they stepped out side. Five minutes went by the Officer called me again on the radio and said it began to get back to golf ball size like I had informed him. They both tried to video the object and take pictures but there camera was not as good as they had hoped and the pictures were out of focus and video was scrambled jostled up. Both the Officer and the Nurse finished there break at 9:45 pm. As they went back inside they radioed me once again and, said that it was still there in the proximity of which I first saw it. My Sgt. then had his break (approximately 10;00 pm) and he stepped out to view the object. He had radioed me and said that he was witnessing the white ball of light going up down side to side and was the size of golf ball as if you would be holding it. My Sgt. radioed back at about 10:10 pm and said that the white ball of light had vanished and that he could not see it any more. At approximately 10:25 pm I went back out side to the exact spot i was standing and took another photo 292 degrees west just to show the sky in its natural form. 

                                                                                                                                            Robert S. McCormick April 22, 2020
