{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-26 21:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516182","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3106,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/182/mufon-5516182.json","updb_database_id":5516182}
{dr}Looked like a ball of neuclear energy, like a close up of the sun with fuzzy edged flares and molten surface

March26 2012:My friend and I came out of my house to take my dog for a walk. It was just after 9:30pm, we were walking later than usual. We stopped at the sidewalk and were looking at the moon with Jupiter and Saturn all in alignment.We were looking west.Over the two storey house in front of us came a glowing orange ball.It was about 70feet up maybe. It moved very slowly and was as bright as a yellow/orange streetlamp. I said: "What the hell is that?" as we looked up at it. My first thought that it was a helicopter and that there was a fire in the cockpit. I thought it was going to crash. There was no sound and it did not emanate any light. It just glowed like a ball of fire, the surface was like moving molten lava, the edges fuzzy and flaring. It was about the size of a basketball. It hovered right above us as we were facing south. It stayed there for a couple of minutes,then continued to move east. The dog didn't react at all to it and we were not afraid, just puzzled. At this moment I thought I should document it, so I dashed into the house to grab my camera (unlocked door, opened camera case, ran out,turned on camera, focused, and snap). By this time it was considerably smaller and was heading south a few streets over.It looked much redder than when it was close. After I took the photo it warp sped away. The next day we were at a funeral. Afterwards we were telling a few people about what we had seen. Another neighbor who lives on the west side with an ocean view said that she had seen an orange orb hovering over the ocean at approx 9:30pm, wondered what it was, but she did not get a close up view as we had. My photo was taken at 9:42pm(on photo it says 8:42 but had not allowed for daylight savings) During the sighting I was puzzled, but calm. After the sighting I was a bit scared. We continued to walk around the block.After returning to the house another friend knocked on my door. She said my eyes were as big as saucers when I opened the door.I have always enjoyed looking at the sky, I love physics, and can explain most things. After this sighting I was jumpy and a bit freaked out by it because it was something unexplainable.My friend reacted more nonchalantly and wants to see it again. Easter Sun 9pm another neighbor saw orange orb over same street.
