{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-23 06:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456932","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2394,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/932/mufon-5456932.json","updb_database_id":5456932}
{rjl} Straight line over 40 objects

It was about 6 o'clock in the morning November 23rd. I looked up at the constellation of Orion when I saw what appeared to be a satellite but a little brighter and there were 2 of them traveling in the same direction. Then I noticed another one also traveling in the same direction and then another and another and another. At this point I know I will sing something I had never seen before. At 1 point I started counting them and I think I got to about 20 or 22. It was like they just kept appearing out of Orion constellation and heading in a North Easterly direction where they disappeared. And it seemed as if they just appeared at the top of the Orion constellation. I couldn't see the lights traveling across Orion. They were not in a perfect straight line but they did all travel at the same speed the gaps stayed constant in whatever orientation they appeared in the sky. Some were higher and some were lower but they were all traveling in the same northeasterly direction. I've been around aircraft my entire life. I 1st went up in an airplane when I was 10 years old. I'm a former United States Air Force aircraft mechanic or crew chief. I worked F sixteens where I also received a in sent of flight. I currently work as an aircraft mechanic for American airlines.I always look at the stars hoping to catch a shooting star and I had seen about 3 that night. I've picked up satellites traveling across the night sky and I've also seen plenty of commercial aircraft. The objects I seen in the sky if I had to guess and elevation I would say at least 30000'. It was very easy to spot them and track them across the sky much easier then tracking a satellite. I really need to know what these were I have never seen anything like this in the sky. Truly amazing
