{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527932","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27673","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2555,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/932/mufon-5527932.json","updb_database_id":5527932}
Disc Shape with a raised circular area middle of the top side with Black area in center of raised area on top

I was taking a friend home early morning from the night before on March 31, 1979. The two of us sat in my van for a moment and where just saying good night. We noticed a extremely brite light low in the sky and initially thought it mite be a star low on the horizon but realized it was to close to be a star but it was so brite. We just sat there watchging and discussing what it mite be because there was no sound and my friend used to work at an airport by a Army depot that had planes, jets fly out of. He knew what kind of things that was flying at that time. After a long period of time 10-15 minutes the objet tilted up and the Sun was just coming up. When this thing Tilted we both could see the whole Object and it shot right out there and flew around the Moon in a matter of a second or two. This Sighting happened when 3 mile Island accident happened, that same day they or the Gov't. finally found out the Reactor was not going to blow. I feel this thing was checking on the Nuclear accident and mite have had something to do with stopping an accident from happening. These sight seem to happen around Nuclear site and mite have just been watching also. 
 It would be nice to know if any other people saw what my friend and I saw. I can draw a picture of this object if really need too. When the object Tilted it traveled in the same way. The Disc had a raised area in the middle of the upper part of the disc and in the center of this raised area there was a Black round area. Plus there where rectangular windows on the side of the raised area. My Friend still does not want to talk about it. I finally got him to talk about it this past summer of 2010 and this happened back in 1979 and every body ws scared from 3 mile island. But it was really odd that 3 mile island was over that same day.
Thank You, *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
