{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-19 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526932","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5448,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/932/mufon-5526932.json","updb_database_id":5526932}
Group of orange circular lights appear, move, and disappear. I saw something similar more than ten years ago.

On April 19, 2011 my two brothers and I decided to go fishing in my new aluminum jon boat. It was about 6:30 when we left the boat ramp. We started fishing at Masonboro Inlet and worked are way back into the waterway behind Masonboro Island. Masonboro Island is a wildlife protected area and is not developed. The tide was coming in and we drifted with the current until the current stopped at the highest tide. My brother yells "look, what is that" and points out over Masonboro Island and the ocean. I looked in time to see five or six orange circular lights grouped together in almost a oval/triangle pattern. After about two seconds the lights dimmed quickly and disappeared. My brother said they were moving when he first saw them, then they stopped for a few seconds and then disappeared. My other brother looked the same time I did and saw the same. We kept looking over the ocean for about 30 seconds until we faintly saw them appear again farther south down the beach for only a second or two and again disappear. We did not see them again and left about 30 minutes later. Now the crazy thing is that I, and my brother that first noticed it, have seen this before more than 13 years ago and I was the one who saw the most that time. I've told this story to many people over the years but have never officially reported a sighting, until now. This is what happened:

In the summer of 1996 or 1997 I was 16-17 years old. My brother, a friend, and I were at Wrightsville Beach which is the next barrier island north of Masonboro Island. It was very late; probably about 2:00 am. We were just south of Johny Mercers Fishing Pier sitting on the beach (and 100% sober). It was a perfectly clear night, no clouds, no wind, the moon was out bright. I walked at least 100ft away alone down to the water and was looking over the ocean. I remember looking to my left down the beach and then looking back over the ocean. Instantly something orange appeared in my upper right peripheral vision and scared me. It came out of nowhere so fast my first thought was that it was a bird or something right in my face about to hit me and I threw my hands up to "block it". I quickly realized (in milliseconds) that it was much farther away. It then seemed to be just a blur of orange moving in the very far distance, until it came into focus. From the time it first appeared until my eyes focused on it was only milliseconds, but I remember it in every detail. When it came into focus it was a group of circular glowing orange lights. They were in a somewhat triangular pattern but it looked more like an oval pattern viewed from an angle. I was looking about 45 degrees up and about 45 degrees to the right. It was coming down and closer very quickly almost directly at me. It appeared to be about 100 yards away from the shore and maybe 10 degrees up when it started flying slower, level and parallel to the beach moving North. The orange lights were much brighter on its way down and they dimmed as it came level until you could barely see them. It traveled North until it disappeared from site. It made no noise and it was a very quiet night. I saw it for a total of about 15 seconds. The most amazing thing is that when it came into focus, it was more than just a group of lights. I could see a very thin white line around the group of lights that was about 5 times bigger than the group itself. It was very obvious that it was one large solid object. You could see right through it but the stars were slightly distorted looking through it. It looked as if it was made of perfectly clear glass. When it leveled off and the lights became very dim it was also obvious that you would not be able to see it at all if your eyes were not focused at that distance. As for my reaction, as soon as I focused on it I went into shock. I could not talk. I tried to say something to get my friend and brother's attention but I could not even breathe, my lungs were locked. I went to take a step in their direction and fell to my knees. I could make just a noise when I was trying to talk. My brother noticed my reaction and he instantly knew something was wrong. He ran over saying "What, what is it?". All I could do is pull him to the ground with me, grab his head, put it right against mine, point up the beach at what I was seeing and say "look". He saw it and said "What in the hell is that?". A second later it vanished. It seemed it just got too far away to see and the dim glowing orange lights faded away. We then walked back to our car in the parking lot and sat there talking about it. My other friend did not actually see it but he too could just tell something was really wrong by our reactions. I get goose bumps every time I tell this.
