{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-12 18:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463932","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/932/mufon-5463932.json","updb_database_id":5463932}
{cak} A black triangle with white lights on its corners. Rotated, flipped, made sharp turns. Very fast.

I was at work (a daycare) and took the trash out to a dumpster behind the building. After I threw the trash away, I had the urge to look up into the night sky.I immediately saw a black triangular shape that had dim whitish/yellow lights on its three corners. It was lower than the cloud cover, but I am not a good enough judge of distance to say exactly how close it was. It was about the size of a guitar pick at the distance I saw it. At first, it was just rolling and rotating and moving in a southerly direction at a slow pace. Its movements were like a leaf being blown in the wind. I made a vocal exclamation, as I was rather surprised to see it, and at that point it began moving in a north-westerly direction at a slightly faster pace. It continued to rotate and roll. It moved overhead of me, and I walked around the side of the building to keep it within sight. As I turned the corner I noticed an airplane coming from the west (presumably the airport) and flying in an easterly direction. The triangular object moved past the airplane, made a sharp turn, and began moving in alignment with the plane. It appeared to be above and to the right of the plane, moving in a parallel line. It did this for a short period of time (about 5 seconds) until the plane was directly above me. It then made a 90 degree turn and began moving in a northwesterly direction. It continued to move in that direction until I was no longer able to see it, either because it was too far away or because it moved into the clouds. I recall feeling amazed, but also surprised, as I had no reason to look up into the sky, but when I had the urge to, my vision immediately locked on to the object. I'm aware of what it could have been, but it was still shocking to see. I had left my phone inside, so I do not have any evidence.
