{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-27 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498932","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60224","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3154,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/932/mufon-5498932.json","updb_database_id":5498932}
Glowing orange orbs

I came outside to put out the garbage at 9:30pm on September 27th when I noticed a glowing orange orb above the trees south of my location. The sky was crystal clear and the temperature was milder than usual for this time of year. The orb seemed stationary and was larger than the north star in the sky. I noticed it was moving slowly across the sky to the east at approximately 45 degrees. I ran inside and told the other three people in the house with me to come and see what I was looking at. We were all dumbfounded by what we saw. After a couple of minutes a second orb appeared to the west at approximately the same altitude and distance, but maybe a mile away from the first orb. The second orb was identical to the first, but moving a little quicker across the sky. As the second orb moved across to the east, the first orb vanished as it seemed accelerate out of the atmosphere into space. It got smaller and smaller at an even rate until it ultimately disappeared within seconds of its ascent. The second orb also ascended very much like the first. As we noticed the second disappear, my father in law ran in and grabbed a pair of high powered binoculars as a third orb appeared in the sky. The third orb seemed to be a little bit lower in the sky than the first two and bit closer as well. It hovered for a few minutes in the distance at approximately 35 degrees in the sky and also moved across to the east for a few minutes before exiting out of the atmosphere like the first two. We each observed the third orb through the binoculars and what we saw was incredible. It seemed to be a soft glowing orange sphere that had a somewhat darker flat bottom side. Also, it seemed to fan out around the top. The light was not bright like a fire, or like the sun, instead it was soft and easy to look at even though it seemed incredibly bright in the sky. I would guess each object was similar in size and most likely judging by the distance away in the sky, they would have been equivalent to the size of a commercial airplane. The videos were shot with an iphone without a zoom and it was quite dark since we are out in cottage country, but the image is quite clear in each video. After the incident I called the non emergency police line and filed a report. There were no other witnesses that called this event in at the time I filed the report.
