{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-06 01:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492932","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3897,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/932/mufon-5492932.json","updb_database_id":5492932}
{cak} Sleep paralysis, they came in my room. They held me down. They took me.

I woke up, at ten forty five had a smoke than got a call. proceeded to go outside to take this call with a friend. Than that time was eleven eleven at night. I saw the blood full moon in the sky and heard the owl. Thats when my child hood came in my mind of the owl outside my room on the second story of my mothers house came into mind and all the flash backs, Of when i was abducted from six years old to when it came apparent and out of mind. I said to my friend there coming for me, I know there coming for me on the phone and she said who. I said I don't know how to explain it. I just can't just forget it. I hung up and smoked another cigarette than went inside. I stayed up till out of fear and paranoia, I felt them watching me. I didn't see the ship. But I knew the grays where coming for me, like they always did in my child hood. I eventually just turned on my television and kept my light on in my room out of fear. After a while its twelve forty five in the morning. I'm getting tired I'm hearing ringing and dial tone like noises at one eleven that's around the time I passed out also, frequencies and lots of voices. That I couldn't make out. I soon after awhile felt as if in a trance like state and went to sleep. I started almost lucid dreaming about school and friends, soon it went to this outer space like them. Im in this blue room of this ship. Sorry I don't recall much, but every time I dream I always search for a mirror to look in. I found it and I saw myself. Thats when I woke up and it hit me all, almost like a mental inception. I don't really know how to explain it so excuse me I'm better at speaking vocally. Anyways. I woke up these three skinny grays. Open my door telepathically. Wearing and dark shade grey space suit with a red collar, and some kinda square sacred geometry shaped image on the center. They had three rings on the chest to almost. Big omniscient almond eyes. Indents where the nostrils are, three fingers and a thumb. They soon swarmed me and held me down. While I tried to scream. Everything went black except for them and I. I soon wake up later and hour at two eleven shoo ken. With jaw and teeth pain head hurting eyes hurting feet numb spinal shivers, almost like an electric shock up my back and in my rain. Ears popping from air elevation and high altitudes. This is not the first time this has happened lately.. Its been going on my whole life, and I do not. Know what to do. No one believes me, The time I went to barbados may eleventh to the the eighteenth. I saw them take me again there at the hotel at night as well at two fourteen in the morning. I woke up with images or visions you'd say of them doing it at three fifteen. I went outside to smoke, even though I felt an entity standing in the room with me watching me other than my mother. I soon go outside trying to shrug it off, than drop my cigarette than saw this blue bubble of energy spark while dropping it. Than i felt this shock/daze and poof. The bubbles gone. I couldn't fall back to sleep because of the paranoia. I barely go outside at night anymore. Let alone typing this I feel like they know that I am. Those are the two abductions I can remember the most lately right now. I know theres more..
