{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-06 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468064","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/064/mufon-5468064.json","updb_database_id":5468064}
{jpg} Fiery light moves erratically, then turns into saucer and disappears

My family and I had just come back home from a graduation dinner party. I went outside to feed my cats before going to bed as usual. My mother checked to make sure the lights were unplugged, the cats had sufficient water, etc when she claimed to see a light in the sky.

She called me over, so I went to look. I looked and only saw an airplane, which ws oncoming and looked bright. I told her it was only a plane. However, as the plane flew off, a tiny blinking stationary light appeared that wasn't previously there.

At this point my father came over to observe the blinking light. We both watched for a while and realized it hadn't moved at all, which was suspicious.

We continued to watch it until all of the sudden, just below it, a bright yellowish light appeared out of nowhere. It was as bright as the plane that was in the airspace previously, so we thought it was just another one.

Except, this one would appear to move a little in one direction, then completely vanish, then reappear with a flash and move in the other direction, slowly moving farther away and West-bound.

We watched it for a few minutes. It then flashed again, but this time, the light dispersed and appeared to create a disc-like shape, as if the object had transformed. It was very dim orange in this transformation, and would vanish within a few seconds.

This happened a few times, before the craft finally disappeared behind a line of Palm trees.

My father and I witnessed it turning into the disc, while my mother saw it brightly flash. We all saw the stationary blinking light.

That stationary blinking light remained in the sky for much longer. It was still there at 12:45 AM, so we went to bed and did not see it disappear.

The crafts were far from us, so we did not hear any sound from them. We didn't feel any different, and there was no loss in time. We did, however, feel very much surprised and even somewhat afraid as we observed them.

We tried to capture them on film but they were too far to be seen on the camera.
