{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-10-29 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492064","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67487","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2554,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/064/mufon-5492064.json","updb_database_id":5492064}
{jpg} Appeared while flying private aircraft at near same altitude.

Had several sightings as a corporate-charter Lear Jet Pilot. This description refers to my last sighting while flying my company Cessna 310 with a friend of mine who did not believe in UFO's. Sighting was near Temple, Tx. over Lake Whitney. I was flying in and out of the clouds under a Instrument training hood. I flew out of the clouds and happened to notice a reflection. I looked up and saw 2 very bright lights that looked like close landing lights on a Boing 747 coming at me. I tried to swerve to the right and descend rapidly. The lights seemed to stop and fly along with me. One light was a little above the other. The 2 large bright lights then moved very slowly from NW of my aircraft to directly West of my side window. Then suddenly a third large light appeared to the rear of the other two lights with a little more distance between it and the first two. My friend had been looking down at some flight charts when I calmly ask him to look out to the left of the aircraft. He is normally not very excitable but he became terrified and started to call FT Worth center to report the sighting. I stopped him because I didn't want to be diverted to Carswell AFB for interrogation which had happened to a friend of mine. I did call center and ask them if there was any other traffic in my vicinity and they replied negative. I was not excited because I had several sightings on clear nights at 45,000 ft. flying from New York to Dallas Addison Airport where we were based.These sightings were much further away and eventually took off at extremely high rate of speed leaving a short streak of light behind them as if there was some friction involved. The 3 large bright lights disappeared suddenly. These sightings all appeared between 1969 and 1982. The first sightings appeared close to the USA Moon landing,also the high altitude UFO's took off at about a 45 degree angle upward not downward.
