{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-03-21 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461064","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100062","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/064/mufon-5461064.json","updb_database_id":5461064}
Mimicked cell phone towers. Beam of light.

I am not unfamiliar with having UFO sightings both by myself and with other witnesses present. This is the most recent experience and the clearest in my mind. Almost all have happened in or around Cochrane Alberta

First off I will say that I frequently have trouble sleeping, this being so I know what kind of physical effects happen after 24, 48, 72 and even longer hours without sleep. I have never had full on hallucinations from sleep deprivation (that I know of) mostly anxiety, paranoia, and corner of the eye shadows that feel all the more frightening when you are experiencing the aforementioned side effects.

This was not one of those long duration sleep deprived nights I had maybe only been awake for 21-22 hours and I haven't been experiencing those extended insomnia spells (over 48h) for over a year now.

I live on the very south side of town in a residential area called Fireside it sits on a very high hill overlooking Cochrane. On the very North/ North East side of town there is a similarly tall hill in which there are two cell phone towers (I think that's what they are) both have bright red lights on them and I can almost always see those lights from an upstairs window that is right outside my bedroom door. Now on the northwest side of town on another hill there is a gas plant that has scattered and much dimmer lights and a Fume cylinder that they release the excess gas out of that looks like a giant flaming torch when it goes off. (The town of Cochrane sits in a very large sort of valley) 

On this night however it was extremely foggy the light of Cochrane was a hazy glow at best and I was getting up to grab a drink when I opened my room door. Inevitably I always look out the small window that faces North on our landing I immediately noticed the two bright red lights that I am quite used to seeing but the reason I stopped was because normally to see those lights my angle has to be at least two steps from my bedroom door these lights were sitting the same distance away that they usually do but the position of them had seemingly changed and typically on super foggy nights I am unable to see them at least not so clearly and in a different location. As I am aware that cell phone towers don't usually relocate in a day I decided to analyse the lights a little further. I had been sitting at the small window for a moment or two trying to decide if I was just not thinking clearly or hadn't come up with the right explanation yet I decided to move to the spare bedroom that has a much bigger window that faces the same direction (North over the town) so I went in there pulled back the window cover cracked the window sat on the bed and put my feet onto the window sill. I'll mention that my cat had come up to join me at this time and was working on positioning herself in my lap.  Now I had looked back up and I was examining the lights again with a better view, about a minute maybe two after I had started studying them again now almost certain it could not be either the cell phone towers or the gas plant because these were almost in the center of those two possible outcomes (also not either of those are usually so visible on foggy nights) I took notice to the two bright red lights that up until this moment had been completely stationary, enough so that I thought they may have been cell phone towers. They started to come in my direction flying over Cochrane. As they were coming towards me they started to grow further and further apart but to me it looked like how you would expect a plane's wing span to look as it comes toward you it gets bigger and the lights appear further apart. At this time I still hadn't figured out if it was one craft or two until it got so close it was sitting over the houses right across my street ( if I were to approximate the time it took from when they started moving to when they had stopped I would guess about 45-55 seconds) I would say they were approx 30 feet away give or take from me and my house both red lights sat there hovering only feet above those houses they still appeared to be the same unit because of how distinctly perfect they flew together and I could still only see red lights, no reflective surfaces nothing other than a sort of oval shaped pair of red lights. Also as I mentioned I had cracked the window open and I could hear no sound, and my cat who had been sitting on my lap took absolutely no notice to any of this which may also be a reason why I was calm just perplexed and curious and calm. At this time the red light on my right in a slow manner began to head east over the tops of the houses across the street and I watched that one until it was nearly at the end of the street my attention was again focused on the "craft" sitting directly opposite me still only feet above the house still the same distance away about 30 feet. I sat there for maybe 15 seconds staring at it when a bright white beam shone directly into the room. Focused bright white light almost but not quite the intensity of a camera flash I looked down and away noticing that the window cover I had draped over my back (one of those thin sort of wall tapestrys) and my legs everything in my line of site including my cat purring on my lap ??was lit up white. This must have been around 7 seconds of the focused beam being on. When I looked back up the light remained on for another maybe 1-2 seconds and then switched back to the red unfocused light it was before it would be about three to five seconds later that this "craft" followed In the same path as the one before it had. I watched it until it was out of my frame of site from that window. 

There's a bit more to this story I did run downstairs to see if I could see them from our South facing Windows and I could but they were at a further distance and heading away. Also a physical sort of rash (large bumps almost blisters) that developed on my ankles which I cannot say was a result of this experience although it is not a symptom I have ever had before save maybe shingles ( it's not shingles I had them looked at and my doctor says it looks like an allergic reaction but they lasted for well I still have them they have definitely gone down but that means that they aren't hives) it was the closest uncovered skin to the window but my cat nor my face or hands had the same reaction in the days to follow for any further information I would provide if that's even possible being that I am for now choosing to remain anonymous. 

Also it is worth mentioning that yes when I had realised that the lights were not apart of the usual landscape I had thought I should grab a camera but it's easier said than done and when it first starts to happen it is extremely difficult to tear yourself away from what your seeing especially considering you don't understand it and my curiosity for my own sake is stronger than my need to fill anyone elses curiosit...sorry, maybe next time. I will also say a huge part of me knows I could almost say certainly that if I had gotten a camera it would not have played out the same way. 

There could be all sorts of speculation about what I felt from this experience and to me like I said I have had many UFO sightings I would even say this isn't the most impressionable one but even while it was happening it felt to me as though it wanted me to know that they knew that I know. Almost a familiar salute. A vague acquaintance saying hello. 

Thank you to this website for creating a useful data tool and anyone else for reading.
