{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-27 12:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519064","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4243,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/064/mufon-5519064.json","updb_database_id":5519064}
Small fast-moving triangular object with three visible points that alternated white/grey.

I was heading East on W. Thunderbird Rd. approaching a red light at 35th Ave around 12:15pm local time on 4/27/2010. As I approached the light I noticed an object at about 40 degrees elevation that was rapidly approaching and dropping in altitude heading in a westerly direction along Thunderbird Rd. The most notable feature was the cycling color shifts from white to grey and back to white. During the actual observation this appeared to be a single object possibly 5 to 15 feet across. The second most notable feature was the apparent intelligent movement. The object approached rapidly, then stopped and hovered at what I would estimate to be around 200 ft. altitude, and 100 to 200 feet away from my location as I was stopped at the red traffic light.

I was surprised at this object hovering right in front of my lane of traffic, and I looked around to see if other drivers were noticing the same object nearby. As I was pulling out my phone to take a photo I noticed the driver in the truck to my left seemed to be watching the same event. I could not find the object on my phone screen, so I just snapped a couple of shots hoping to be able to capture something.

The object hovered for approx. 20 seconds as I sat in amazement watching the color shift back and forth from white to grey, and back again about every half second. I was observing the object from between power lines at this point, so I was able to see that the object stayed completely locked in position and motionless during its hover, except for the color shifts. I got the impression that the object was making observations of some kind just by the way it froze in position for a time.

After about 20 seconds the object set off for the North/North-East at a very rapid pace. It seemed again to be moving under intelligent control, but it didn't look like any kind of remote control vehicle I can think of, and the distances covered during its approach and exit would rule out any kind of toy remote control vehicle. No sign of any exhaust or trail were observed.

After I saw this I began searching the internet for similar sightings. Around this time there was a rash of sightings of what were described as "silver orbs" around this part of town and to the North around the 101 freeway and 35th Ave. There were also several orb sightings around South Mountain during the surrounding month or so.

I went back to look at the photos I took with my Droid Eris phone (poor quality), and at first thought that I had not captured anything. I did discover, however, that I did catch it in the right corner of one of my frames. I also discovered from the photo that the object was not a singular triangle-shaped object, but was rather 3 visible "orbs" forming a triangle. It seems that the color shift was due to individual orbs flipping from white to a grey color in a repeating pattern. I am uploading the original photo as taken with my phone, along with the same photo with some enhancements and notes. Im also including an animated false-color GIF file that helps to see the three distinct orbs.

I would like to have contact with others who have had daytime sightings of close-up orbs or objects in the Phoenix area.
