{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-06 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511064","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47315","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3029,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/064/mufon-5511064.json","updb_database_id":5511064}
{cak} three different objects, one object for majority, received telepathic images

At 5:15 a.m., while on my roof staring at the sky, I saw an object that was bright white in color moving very slowly across the sky. I wasnt sure what it was at first because it was moving too slow to be a plane. I then grabbed the binoculars that were next to me(because thats all I had with me at the time) so that I could see it more clearly. A few minutes later I noticed that a duller colored object of similar shape had joined it, trailing behind it to the right. A few minutes after that another craft that looked like two "os" next to each other(like the number 8 on its side) joined in and completed their triangular shape formation. The figure 8 craft left the formation, without me noticing, but joined back in a few minutes later. Without me noticing again, the two that joined the first one had left and the bright white one was left. For around 22 minutes I watched it go in big circles, make "UFO type movements" and also a movement that resembled a ball bouncing between two walls at medium-high speed before losing site of it as it traveled over my head. Also, and Im not sure if there is any way to confirm this, but I also received several images in my left eye(Im very right eye dominant so when I use binoculars my right eye is open while the left eye is closed)telepathically during the viewing of the craft. Some images appeared to me like small video-clips, and others appeared more like files with words and images and possibly blueprints on them. The only image I can remember, because it showed up 3 times or more, resembled what I would describe as a humanoid skull or face with tribal designs covering it. At one point while viewing the craft through the binoculars I believe, but not completely sure, that I saw the same image on the bottom of the craft and at which time the craft appeared to resemble a kite. After I got off the roof, I was looking at the sky to see if I could re-locate the craft again one last time before going inside and I received another image which looked like a Kalachakra-type image spinning around multiple times with the same tribal face image in the center. Ive never experienced anything like this before and I don't know how it will affect me in the long run, but If somehow I could "access" the received information then it might give me some sort of closure to the whole situation.
