{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-17 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469064","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91483","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/064/mufon-5469064.json","updb_database_id":5469064}
{cak} Way too slow for orbital objects or airplanes. Randomes/flashes of light

First off, I know my astronomy. I know what iridium flares are. I seem them all the time. I've seen the ISS and other satellites pass over in my time. If this was an airplane, then it had to be way more than 5 miles up and way too slow. And it was too "small" for me to try and video with my phone.

So about 2145 EDT, I'm at work, I go out back to the loading dock for a cigarette. The backside of the building faces west-southwest. I'm looking at Orion's belt slowly drop to the trees. Then I see a flash of light. "Small" enough to look like a distant flickering star. I want to say it was just above and to the left of Betelgeuse. A few seconds later I see another light in about the same position, but just a little to the left (moving south). But this time it wasn't a flash, it was a slow pulse; about 1.5-2 seconds from "igniting" to "extinguishing".

Over the course of the next 5 or so minutes, I witness a variation of slow pulses and a few flashes at varying intervals. I even counted "1-1 thousand, 2-1 thousand...etc". No less than 4 seconds and no more than 10 second intervals.

In the first couple of minutes I get a couple flashes that were much brighter than the first few. Almost like a camera flash. I saw about two or three of those. But after that last real bright flash, the object just went to pulsing in 4-10 second intervals. But each pulse got dimmer and dimmer. There were even a couple of the brighter pulses that almost looked like someone was moving a searchlight around. At least that's the impression my eyes left me with. This object was tiny!

So over the course of the next 5 or so minutes, it continues moving in a southerly direction, each pulse getting dimmer. It got too faint to follow when it was about due south of my position. I wanna say this thing was about 60 or 70 degrees off the horizon.

Again, there were planes flying overhead in the area and I suspect this thing was way above them. For what it's worth, my position is several miles northeast of Charlotte-Douglas International. I think this thing was way too high to be considered "in the airspace".
