{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-08 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515064","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43117","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3036,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/064/mufon-5515064.json","updb_database_id":5515064}
{cak} 3 bright lights suddenly appear, erratically move to the point it seems they will crash, but instead form a perfect triangle and stay there

1) I was driving home on C-470, around 8:30 p.m., having just entered the freeway from Kipling Blvd. One exit down, at Wadsworth, I noticed 3 unusually bright orb-like lights in the sky, much brighter than an airplane, I thought. It happened so quickly, but the 3 lights suddenly rushed toward each other from 3 different directions (north, west, east). I literally thought they were going to crash into each other and was horrified for a moment. However, instead they formed a perfect triangle and just sat there in a triangle formation. 

2) The unusual brightness of the light, then the erratic rapid movements.

3) First, bright stars. Then when they moved, I thought planes but still felt they were too bright to be planes.

4) See #1.

5) At first, complete awe. I slowed down on the highway to about 45 MPH, but knew that was a problem. I thought about pulling over to the side of the road, but wanted to get closer to them to see if I could see anything more. One thing that struck me, an odd thought, was I could not believe other people were not stopping/pulling over. I was excited, then got a bit emotional, feeling something important was happening but could not describe it, even to myself. It felt profound.

6) The lights just, literally, "turned off." No movement, just gone.

OF NOTE: I did not tell anyone about this. I was still in awe of what I saw; no one can ever tell me anything differently. However, what completely blew me away was less than 2 hours later, my son called me, very excited. My son and his girlfriend (a complete skeptic and non-believer in anything other than hard facts and science), were out on their apartment patio smoking. They saw the silhouette of "something that was definitely not a plane," moving in a highly unusual way. They said it had no lights, but seemed to be illuminated somehow. They werent sure if it was some sort of illumination from within, or if it was illuminated underneath from the city lights, but the vehicle itself had no lights. They said, it was as if was "falling rapidly, sideways." Within seconds, they expected to hear a crash, but nothing happened. I will have them submit a separate report here.

The most amazing part of this? They live off Wadsworth Blvd, near where I saw the lights! 

Thank you.
