{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-02 23:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525624","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30109","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2427,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/624/mufon-5525624.json","updb_database_id":5525624}
Bright orange cylinder shaped object with red lights

UFO sighting in Oklahoma

Cleora, OK
Grand Lake of the Cherokees

At approximately 11:00 P.M. on July 2nd, my family and I witnessed 3 UFO1s. We were sitting on my outside deck visiting when 2 bright orange lights rose up above the tree line. We were looking toward the SE. Without knowing for sure the objects sizes I am not sure of the taking off point or altitude at hover. My best guess is that they were 3 meters or so in circumference which from my estimation could have placed them in the lake. Any way they rose to maybe 500 to a 1000 feet and hovered. Then one of the object took a path away from us toward the SE while the other took a NW path over our heads. The object was very visible while it went over head and what had appeared only bright and orange took more of a stubby cylinder shape with rotating red lights on the bottom of it. As it continued its path we were briefly obstructed by a tree but then again spotted the object on its same coarse. The object then accelerated out of sight in less than a second. This entire encounter lasted about 3 minutes. We had just started talking about how we did not believe what we just saw when another single object rose up from the same point as the other two objects and took the same path to the NW over our heads again. I have always been curious about the unknown but now I am a believer. What my family and I witnessed was not from this world. We did manage to catch it on video but it is not very good other than just before the end of the video the digital recorder on the phone caught a very strange sequence of sounds we did not hear at the time. I would love some more information on any similar objects people have seen. Oh I almost forgot, these objects had absolutely no sound. Wow this was just incredible.
