{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517624","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40170","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2450,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/624/mufon-5517624.json","updb_database_id":5517624}
{ck} Two ufos in the sky towards the north east and also appearing in more locations

I was over my boyfriends coworkers house and we were lighting fire works. I noticed an orange light over to the right hand of me and started staring at it. My boyfriend noticed me looking at it and started staring at it also. As I watched it hover, another came up from the lower right of it and moved fairly quickly. It almost went under the first one. At first I thought it might have been an airplane or helicopter, but there was no flashing lights. I couldnt see any other stars either due to cloud cover. These orbs were right under the clouds. I started down the street so I could get a better view because of the houses and trees. I saw them both moving now. I thought they were descending at first but my boyfriend caught up and he notice them heading east into the clouds instead. Another weird thing that happened in Elmont, related possibly, was a very weirdly contained thunderstorm. This happened about ten minutes after the sightings and it happened in a cloud formation to the left of where the orbs had been. It lasted all through a good 20 minutes. The storm moved at a fairly fast pace with the cloud heading southeast.

I called my friend who was in Kings Park at the moment and not even five minutes I hang up with her she tells me she saw the same ones I had seen. At about 11:10pm she calls me freaking out, she was now at our home in Selden. She along with her parents and neighbors witness about 19 orbs over the sky above them. Each time one would go by there would be a flash in the sky, like thunder. They have video and photos which I will attempt to put up later on.

This isnt the first time Im seeing orange orbs though. My boyfriend and myself have witnessed one about a month ago in Selden also. My friend witnessed one on Monday.
