{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-18 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292624","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110698","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2638,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/624/mufon-5292624.json","updb_database_id":5292624}
Bright point of light came from N, stopped, expanded in size and intensity then went S stopped expanded in size and intensity then went NW then East

Second witness was the first to observe and called me outside to see it. He pointed out a stationary light to the North and said he had seen it come from the North and stop there. As I looked at it I could see wisps of transparent clouds moving below the light. The light suddenly expanded to around 10 times its size and was a milky white for an instant. It immediately shrunk back to original size and streaked to the South of us for what appeared to be miles judging from percieved altitude. It travelled with instant acceleration in the blink of an eye to where it stopped instantly, expanded again and accelerated in an instant to a point North West of us. Repeated the expansion and contraction then streaked to the East to its original position in the sky where it stopped. At that instant another point of light just like it came from the North like a bullet passing the stationary one then stopping instantly to the South of us. The first object expanded, contracted then shot South passed the second object which immediately expanded , then contracted just like the first one and shot off South following the path of the first one. They went beyound our view of the horizon in an instant. I fully expected to see local news reports of others seeing this. Both Tulsa International Airport and Jones Riverside Airport personell I thought would have a perpect view of it. Nothing was ever reported that I saw and I just tried to put it out of my mind as maybe someone pulling a prank with some sophisticated laser equipment and a lot of skill. Never saw anything about that either. I know it was plainly observable and was taken by the fact that no one mentioned an elaborate prank or reports of anyone else having seen this. I've never seen anything similar to what we saw and felt the need to share it with someone who researches things like this and may have an easy asnswer to what we saw.
