{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-06-12 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519624","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/624/mufon-5519624.json","updb_database_id":5519624}
Oval shaped with open door. This thing was on the ground at night, no lights but they were home.

This happened many years ago when I was 11 y.o. about 30 years ago circa 1974 in Goleta California. This craft(?) landed/crashed(?) in my front yard that woke me up at around 3am. The craft(?) was oval shaped with an open door, there was no lights, just a street light that helped me see what was going on through my window. The craft(?) was about 30 ft. wide and 5 ft. high and it was giving off this low layer of mist/fog they made things hard to see at times. Then this grey alien(?) came to my window and kept a watch on me as 2 others fixed(?) the craft(?) in my yard. They were little grey people (about 3.5 ft high) with big heads and big black eyes. It seemed that the one standing right outside my window telepathically kept me sitting up in bed, in fear, and it looked right at me the whole time, about 3.5 hours. The fear I felt was not normal, it was like they switched something in my brain that paralyzed me. Most of the time all I could do was move was my eyes. Also, sometimes I could see what they were doing/thinking through their eyes. They too seemed to be afraid, or at least in some sort of hurry. Like if they didn't fix the craft soon it would blow up or something, who knows. Sometimes I was able to reach into there heads and hurt them, and then I could move around more, it was a mind battle. They made all kinds of weird mechanical, clicking, humming, and clinking noises through the night as they worked. There was always this deep humming sound that I didn't notice at first. I sat up paralyzed in my bed for hours until they finished their work, then that deep humming sound got higher and higher in pitch, so high it went beyond my hearing range (dogs started barking) and it right then took off (it took off in a wink of the eye) with a bang (approx. 6:30AM) that shook much of the neighborhood as I later learned. There was a smokey fog left behind that soon dissipated. And at that same time I heard a man yell "FIRE!" from the street (I guess he thought my house exploded). I never found out who that man was. I didn't miss any time (lost time) and there was a clock in my room. Although my parents and some neighbors heard and felt the bang, no one believed what I saw. I was a paper boy for my area, so I knew most of my neighbors well. Years later I realized that the bang was probably a sonic boom as it was just like that. Funny how we don't get sonic booms from UFOs for how fast they go. I guess they have tech to stop sonic booms. I guess what I saw had a broken anti-sonic boom device, lol (with a cracked smile). Also the sun was just coming up at that same time, so I guess they were in a rush to get out of there before anyone else could see them as I guess their cloaking device was broke too, who knows. I know this all sounds crazy, but it did happen. I looked in my front yard for evidence but found nothing. Also, I didn't know about small grey aliens until a few years later with Close Encounters of the Third Kind. I did know about the Betty and Barney Hill abduction, and yes, I watched Star Trek. But this happened to me.. I was glad I didn't get abducted as other reported. But I do suffer from some PDSS as I don't like sleeping during those hours and like to wake up at 3am. After all that, I have seen many UFOs over the years that I wont report here in detail, mostly white orbs that look like stars from far away that change direction, stop, and zoom off at very fast speeds. I have seen these orbs close up too (20 feet away) and they looked like globe shaped light bulbs, about the size of a basketball. As such, I think the star the wise-men followed was an orb. I also saw a huge black triangle that I did report here under another alias > case# 37057 > I had never heard of anyone reporting anything like that until a few years later on Unsolved Mysteries (TV) where people in Belgium saw the same thing. Overall, I think that this whole UFO thing is a waste of time and we will never know what it really is, IMHO.... Who knows, I surely don't, and Im fine with that. Remember to keep an open mind and question the evil status quo. Dont be fooled by fools.
