{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-09-07 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498624","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2765,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/624/mufon-5498624.json","updb_database_id":5498624}
{dr}4 to 5 Light Orbs, appeared to be

We were all outside, celebrating my mother's birthday on Sept. 7th 1991, in Ferncreek Kentucky. It was about eight P.M. or so, dark, but not completely dark. Just enough light in the sky to cause an orange horizon. 

 My mother spotted them first, and brought them to the attention of the rest of the people at her party. There were several witnesses, about 6 or 7 people. I assume all had been drinking, but it was still a bit early in the day, so I would say drinking, but not intoxicated. 

 When I looked up in to the sky, I was floored at what I saw. I was looking at something you would see only in the movies. My grandfather was a huge believer and had witnessed U.F.O.'s before, so I was pretty familiar with them, just had not seen anything for myself before that night. All I could do is stand there and watch with amazement.

 I seen 4 or 5 lights, all different colors (My memory is a bit foggy on the minor details, they might have been white lights...but seems to me they were of different color.) at around 500 to 1,000 feet in the sky, almost directly above our heads. If I had to guess, they were about the size of a wrecking ball, but from my perspective, they were the size of a basket ball. 

 So these lights were in the sky, seemingly playing "tag" with each other. I got the impression they wanted to be seen. They "played" with one another for about 20 to 30 seconds or so, swirling about, zig zagging around each other, then one at a time, shot straight up in to the sky at speeds that should have been a physical impossibility. They shot straight up and in to the void of the sky, one at a time. They shot up at roughly .5 second intervals of one another. They moved at speeds that were a physical impossibility then, and if that same exact event were to take place now, they would be moving at speeds impossible to achieve today. 

 I have not seen anything like it since then. I was 16 years old at the time. I am 39 now. They were not lasers, they were not helicopters or anything else man made. A person would have to be a complete idiot to think they were anything other than extraterrestrial.
