{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-19 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85223","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2971,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5475078.json","updb_database_id":5475078}
{cak} I live on Ocean, there was a possible ship cloaked in clouds, things came out of clouds and were on Ocean with Drones flying around for protection as a guess

I live on the Ocean, at about 10:30pm on till about 1pm. I observe usually on a nightly basis a large amount of UFO activity. I noticed none looking Boats in the Ocean and have a Nikon P900 and focused in on strange shaped ships. Around the ships where 3-4 Drones flying around the crafts. Also, I had the feeling there was something in the clouds as I had a feeling there was something in them. All of a sudden out of the clouds came two HUGE ORBS. I videotaped a good portion of the night including this which resembled Archon type vessels. Everything seemed to be around the cloud so I assumed they were out in the Ocean at night. I had the feeling they where researching or monitoring something. The Ocean looks a different Color these days.  I think it is dying. 

I had TWO interactions with two type ORBS and a metallic type ship or Drones with an Aqua green light that came across my balcony and sat there and watched me... I put out LOVE and hoped for the best and hoped they could show me how to repair our Planet. I have ALL of this on video. 

The drones looked like helicopters but they made no noise.. at times I saw a jet, but it would fly out and then float and fly around the area... I just could not video all of what was going on.. to much. 

It seems lately to be going on for the last few evenings. I got a photo yesterday of a HUGE Square in the clouds. So my guess it was them. I can verify all of this and have the photo of a cloaked something in the sky in the shape of a HUGE rectangle.. not many of those in the sky. 

After 2 hours or so.. I went in and they all seem to leave.. When I went out...the place seemed to come alive...when I would go in.. it would go dim....weird?
