{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-08 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29629","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2961,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5526078.json","updb_database_id":5526078}
confetti like fell from sky then flew off in different directions

Me and my daughter just got home. We were in driveway in front of my parents house. Sun was down but sky was still lit. The full moon was coming up eastern horizon about 1/3 up. She got to door I was looking at birds fly in front of moon and asked her to come look at them. We saw black buzzard like birds. Then a flock of sea gulls flew past. Then from higher above these birds came down what look like confetti. They came spiraling down then all would fly off in a different direction and disappear. All except for two. they came down spiraling like others except turned south and flew in a straight line. One slightly higher than other. Parallel to each another. The bottom one was slightly ahead. They then stopped and just sat there. My daughter and I were watching and kept staring. I asked her if she sees what I see and she described it the same way. We were just puzzled but not scared. Told her wanted to make sure I'm not seeing different. After 3-5 minuets they faded from sight. When she couldn't see them to well she said I don't want to look away or I won't find it. That was funny to me and I said I was just thinking those exact words. I would say they must have been 6 feet wide. Either like balls or maybe disc shape. But an egg would be accurate to. Couldn't tell if they were flat. When they spiraled down they look like disc shaped paper. So maybe they were flat. I think width of 6 feet because they were much higher than the birds. In fact birds kept flying without changing direction. They weren't frightened or afraid of colliding. Telling me this object(s) were not close to them. Yet from my perspective looked about same size of larger black birds I believe to be buzzards . They have a large wingspan. I would estimate maybe 3 feet from tip to tip. So if objects were higher than it would be larger. My guess is they were larger than the birds. It couldn't be debris. How and why would two pieces turn in a straight line then just stop in mid air? And there was no sound but it did seem far up to maybe be heard. My daughter was ok but now she is a bit scared and doesn't like to talk about that day. She doesn't deny seeing them just refuses to think of them as UFO's. I'm still puzzled to this day at what it could've been. (name deleted moved to evidence section)fg
