{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-06 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30717","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5525078.json","updb_database_id":5525078}
Downtown Los Angeles disk shaped UFO with lights seen off 110 Freeway

Tonight at about 9:20 PM I was driving home from my job in Downtown LA on the 110 freeway heading north. While driving I saw bright lights behind a large building and half of an object hovering. Intrigued, i watched it while trying to drive safe until i drove far enough to see the entire UFO. It was disk shaped with white lights circling a disk shaped object and a light in the top, center of it. It could not have been a plane or blimp because it was extremely low and close to one of the large downtown buildings and it made no noise. I was able to keep an eye on and follow the object for about a full minute or 2 (it's hard to recall time during such a shocking experence but i had a good clear look for a well amount of time). I think it was approximately the size of a massive airplane, the kind that can hold hundreds of passengers. As i drove along it flew in a pretty solid path into the distance, away from the downtown area. Unfortunately, I lost sight of it while going under tunnels merging onto the 5 N freeway. By the time I lost sight of it by changing freeways, it had made its way pretty far off into the distance in a short amount of time, basically it had to have been moving really fast. This was a pretty intense experience. I was in shock, questioning my sanity and sight, trying to rule out what it could have been, shaking like a leaf, sweaty, and pretty much in pure shock/excitement while trying not to crash on such a hectic freeway. I'm sure hundreds of other people had to have witnessed it and I can not wait to hear of another witnesses experience that validates mine. I'm still pretty shaken up and keep replaying the experience in my head. Because I had a great view of it for so long i kept thinking about trying to take a picture, but because i was driving, scrambling through my purse in a shocked state did not seem like a good idea.
