{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-09-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5510078.json","updb_database_id":5510078}
{dr}They were in and underground lab with a lot of human clones. They were humans(scientists), reptilian, and other beings not of this world.

My husband and I have been abused by these aliens and I know some of them by names. They did everything I saw them kill before my very eyes. They planted a device in my body trying to make me hurt myself and I want let them send any more I need help. When I was kidnapped and taken to an underground lab, I saw so many people help hostage in that underground lab. I saw and heard them talking about abducting more humans and erasing their minds of the events taking place. God did not let them erase my mind and I was able to retain a lot of information. These aliens must remove these microchips and wire placed in the people1s bodies. They have been tourturing and raping the old and young stealing their energy. I have had enough my husband had been a school teacher for 38 years and overseer of our ministry. My husband was ministering on Sunday and was hit with a microchip beam which almost sent him to an early grave. I had to pray because they said they were going to kill him. They can hit us anytime in two seconds in our own home. They told me how they put these devices in my son and the boys only got $3,088.00 dollars. They made the judge sentence these three boys to three life sentences and they laughed and talked about it. They sent one of the men involved in this to me and offered me two million dollars. They were trying to trick me and I had already seen this. I do have this true vision and I was not going against God and my country. This microchip machine is very dangerous that they have. This thing is faster than lighting and I have been hit by its wave lengths and beams. It has torn up my flesh and I have the photos and x-rays of how this machine is being used against me. There are lots of people like me being tourtured and harassed daily like myself. I am tired of them taking me out of my home. Please help us today to stop these alien beings from trying to destroy the people1s body, mind, soul, and spirit for their greedy gain. I I hope you get this message out to the people before these aliens take over the peoples. They are trying to wipe out a billion people over the world to gain some kind of control over the earthlings.Thank you for listening to the cries of the people.
