{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-17 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39429","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5134,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5518078.json","updb_database_id":5518078}
orbs, or single balls of light seen in skies for the last 3 years.

Ok so ive been noticing these singular orbs or more like moving stars some times dim and small sometimes bright and larger possibly due to distance who knows. Ive been seeing them in the skies over waterford michigan for the past 3 years, you can see them with the naked eye, i usually yell out to my neighbors and say hey check it out! ive taken a few pictures but they were lost over time with changing phones, i never cared much for the pictures anyway it wasnt that impressive in a picture anyway, most of the time the camera wouldnt pick the light up, and when it did its not like you could tell what it was, just a ball of light int he sky like you took a picture of a bright sometimes dim star that was close.

i have been able to see them on almost everynight that the skies are clear, maybe like 1 or 2 days out of the week i wont see any, probably because i wont stay out longer for 25 minutes usually if i don't see anything right away. They almost always, always travel north, or north east, again maybe 1 or two days out of the week ill see one travaling south, or just plane west bound.

Now the ONLY thing they could be are satellites, if they are not, than it is UNKNOWN. Infact over the 3 years, ive been able to prove to my self that some of them could infact be satellites, using GPREDICT im able to track many satellites and ive been also been able to "possibly" connect some of these sightings to satellites possibly passing in my overhead sky, all i have to do is look at the approx time and direction their orbits are and try to match it up in GPREDICT, sometimes i come to the conclusion that they couldve infact just been satellites.

now im not a professional and im not spending any time on this(other than just looking at the sky, ive recently started using binoculars but thats it) otherwise id have more legible and exact time and what not.

like i said some of these could be satellites passing over the horizon and when the sun on the other side of the earth hits their reflective surfaces it makes the illusion that its glowing and than dimming after half a minute.

Sometimes its not so simple. Sometimes ill see one thatll seem to be crusing along at a slow speed even for how far away is, untill its to far way in space to see, even when you can see the stars around it it just disaperes and than usually approx 4-5 minutes later youll se another, and in another 4 or 5 minutes youll see another one, gradually going faster untill youll see one travaling twice or three times the speed as the slow one you seen approx 12-20 minutes beforehand.

Tonight i saw 7 or 8 consecutively mind you just in a small time frame of about from 10:25pm to 11:10pm traveling north and one going north east, the first couple were pretty close together time wise, like you could watch one untill it just disaperes into space and than 3-4 minutes later youll se another going the same direction, at around the 5th or 6th they started getting 10-12 minutes apart, with the last one i saw moving way faster than any of the previous (who for how far away they look still look like theyre moving as fast as a jet, but it looks like theyre moving slow cause its soooo far away) he was moving atleast 4 times that and looked equally as far away, It was very very bright when i first cought sight of it (i was looking north bound and it came over my south) but within 7 seconds as usual it just dims to a dim light, no blinking no nothing, just a hovering star.

the only option for these things are satellites nothing else floats around that high up (or higher for all i know they look exactly like stars or moreso like planets because they don't flicker, they just get bright once, and than dim... ive seen maybe 2 or 3 out of 50 in which the same object would get very bright and dim twice with in the .5 minutes you can actually watch it fly across space untill it gets to far or high that the LIGHT CANNOT REACH YOUR EYES ANYMORE, its not like theyre passing over the horoizon, or a treeline they just straight up get to high up and the light isnt powerfull enough to reach your corneass.

IF YOU GUYS AT MIMUFON (or anyone else who wants to watch for that matter ) EVER FIND YOUR SELF IN THE AREAS OF OAKLAND COUNTY AND HAVE A CLEAR SKY LOOK UP, IF YOU WAIT LONG ENOUGH I GUARENTEE YOU WILL SEE ONE OR TWO AT THE VERY LEAST

they always almost go north

you can see them almost as soon as its dark enough that you can see stars in the sky.
