{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62295","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5497078.json","updb_database_id":5497078}
{dr}Observed object moving extremely fast north to south then again in reverse to first location making 90 degree turn to west and disappeared

I had recently been seperated from active duty from the US Navy stationed in Charleston S.C. and had been assigned to the Nuclear Submarine Services. I had moved to Savannah, Georgia and was sitting in my home when my wife alerted me to this strange light moving in the sky to the north. I went out and observed this light as it left it's hovering position and moved south at an EXTREMELY FAST speed. To my knowledge at the time mankind had nothing that could move THAT fast not even a missile. In just a matter of a couple of seconds it was out of sight. We stood there wondering what in the world it could have been when it reappeared moving south to north and as it approached the location where I first saw it, it suddenly did a 90 degree turn to the west and kept going in the direction toward Macon where Warner Robbins Air Force is located. There was at the time a Russian ship tied up at a pier in Savannah supposedly for some types of emergency repairs. I wasn't convinced that it was just a coincidence that that ship just happened to be there at the same. I immediately contacted Hunter Air Force base located in Savannah and told by the duty officer that there had been no radar detection and the same at Warner Robbins. Not satisfied with that I then called and spoke with the on-duty officer at NORAD at Cheyenne Mountain and told the same thing. NO RADAR CONTACT DETECTED!!! I have never believed that and until now I have not spoken of it since that night. I could be trusted with a top secret clearance and work on this country's first line of defense against nuclear attack namely fleet ballistic missile submarines but I couldn't be believed when I reported these sightings to the Air Force. It kinda leaves a very sour taste in my mouth. IT HAPPENED AND NO ONE WILL EVER CONVINCE ME I DIDN'T SEE IT WITH MY OWN TWO EYES!!!
