{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-10-12 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3693,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5505078.json","updb_database_id":5505078}
We watched it in almost total silence and awe for several minutes, and it never moved an inch, and did not make any noise whatsoever.

My wife and I were driving north on MacDill avenue on October 12, 1975 at around 9:45pm. Near the intersection of Tyson avenue we cleared some large oak trees that blocked the view of the horizon, and saw a huge disc shaped craft hovering stationary about 500-600 feet in the air. I pulled over immediately and we watched this thing through the large windshield of our old Ford Econoline van, looking north and a little to the west. On a map, this craft would be directly over Gandy Blvd between MacDill avenue and Himes avenue. We watched it in almost total silence and awe for several minutes, and it never moved an inch, and did not make any noise whatsoever. We then noticed the Tampa Police Department helicopter making a beeline from downtown Tampa toward the craft at full speed. When the helicopter reached within about a quarter mile from the craft it started to move away, heading due west down Gandy Blvd towards Tampa Bay. The craft kept a consistent distance from the helicopter and remained at the same 500-600 ft altitude. We got back into the van and turned west on Gandy Blvd, keeping an eye on the chase in front of us. By the time we reached Gandy bridge the craft and the helicopter (now losing ground on the craft, and perhaps a half mile behind it), had turned south over Tampa Bay and we lost sight of both of them beyond MacDill AFB, at the southern end of the Interbay peninsula.

I estimate the width of the craft at around 250-300 feet, and height at the center at around 60-80 feet. Again, the craft did not budge or waver at all. The only "movement" came from the continuous string very large lights on the outer perimeter which pulsated and glowed in varying intensities. The craft itself appeared somewhat dark in color, perhaps grayish, and not reflective.

Our initial impression of what we saw was that we were witnessing something from another planet. Surreal. We were awe-struck and were nearly speechless. The next day I called the Tampa Police Department to report what we saw, describing the TPD helicopter chasing the craft. The policeman I spoke to told me the helicopter pilot did not report anything like this from the previous night.

We told friends, co-workers and family about what we saw, and we were under the impression that most of them figured we saw something else. Something that could be explained. And we expected that, as we both were skeptical of such things ourselves until then. We read nothing in the newspapers or saw any news reports about this, however a couple of weeks later I overheard two men in a South Tampa convenience store discussing a "recent UFO sighting in the area".

To this day, and until we die, and as God is our witness, my wife and I swear what I have described here is 100% true and factual. We have not seen anything like this since that night. But we know what we saw and we know others must have seen it too. I know for a FACT that a police helicopter pilot saw it that night.
