{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-15 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4030,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5520078.json","updb_database_id":5520078}
On March 15, 9:45 PM, walked outside and saw what appeared to be

On March 15, 9:45 PM I walked out onto south facing porch, just before the late news to look at the stars. I looked up and saw in upper branches of a large (>100 feet tall) cypress tree, a light blink. "Lightning bug" I thought...as just one flash towards the top of the tree caught my attention. 
Then two others lit up for total of three, individual colored lights. The colors were red, white, purple, blue, green, and orange; at times distinct, but then mixed like the colors of a star. Two on the south west side, one on due east side. 
At times random colors, then blinking-flickering like "lightning bugs". The lights appeared about the size and shape of an aluminum Coke can, not round. One towards top, two maybe half way up the tree. I first thought my eyes were just adjusting to the dark.
It took me a second to realize this is the month of March, so no lightning bugs should be out.

I steped back in the house to get my binoculars, (whos going to take a picture of a lightning bug, except maybe close up) and when I returned, the lights, one blinking, two sort of in a haze had moved higher up the tree.
Then the east facing one flew horizontally out of the tree branches, and sat a few seconds mid-air, like a hummingbird, at a distance of I would estimate +/- 150 feet from the ground, then sort of faded in color, brightened again, and shot off at an upper angle like a roman candle, (actually it looked like a roman candle) until it could not be seen any longer, took less than a second.
My peripheral vision caught one of the south west facing lights leave the tree in a sort of butterfly like flight, then it was just gone. Sort of "blinked off". 
Looking back at the tree, the other had dimmed in color, it looked like it had a fog surrounding it, moved horozional out of the branches, then the same wobbly, butterfly like flight, stopped, then streaked over trees to the south, turned north, then disappered.

Overall it reminded me, had it been daylight, of birds scared out of a tree. In total lasted about that length of time once I got back outside.

This is the first time I have seen somthing like this, especially these "large lightning bugs". I have seen other unexplainable lights in the sky in my sixty plus years. 
One major event as a child with my father in the 1960s, scared dog and cows. Then one round disk in blue daylight, stationary then move back and forth, while fishing with a friend several years ago. Next what looked like an aircraft landing light coming across the sky towards me, then just as other reports say, blinked out. Last November a bright red "string" of lights moving at different levels, but in same direction like they were following each other. In most of these cases my children or wife saw them also.
I was not frightened when I saw this, nor was my dog, who had noticed and also looked up at the tree. Possibly because I was right outside of my home. 
However there are places on my property where I have seen other lights in the sky, that I do not feel comfortable. The hair still stands up om my neck, even in daylight.
I would be interested in knowing if anyone else saw, or had these lights in the trees last night, March 15, 2012.

In the interest of not filing some sort of false or misleading information, I just went outside and looked. Same time as last night, but saw no lights.
