{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-19 10:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97878","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2766,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5463078.json","updb_database_id":5463078}
{rjl} Two

My mom and I were running errands on the 19th of January and I asked her if we could run by our local library to get a book I needed for a project in English class. We pulled into the parking lot and walked up to the door. There was a note that explained how the library had moved to a new location not far away. We were walking back to the car when something caught my mom's eye and she said to me, "Look, what are those things up there?" For a second or two I didn't know what she meant until I looked up and saw two s-shaped objects spinning clockwise and just hovering in place. My mom originally thought it was a vulture or some other big black bird and I originally thought that some trash bags or something else lightweight caught the wind and were lifted up into the air. But with further inspection we realised that this wasn't the case. There was absolutely no air movement, and the objects weren't making any flapping motion like a bird. There wasn't a single breeze. It was drizzling rain and the sky was overcast, which I guess is why the shapes caught her eye. She pulled out her phone and told me to record it so I did. I tried my best to zoom in on the objects. We had caught enough footage and were finishing our walk to the car when my mom's phone completely shut down, even though it had a fully charged battery. Neither of us can explain this. After I got in the car I looked out the window and both shapes were gone. When I got home I decided to contact some friends and family members to see if they could explain it. The closest explanation I got was a military cargo plane, which I would assume wouldn't spin or hover. There were also two of the objects, identical in shape, size, and motion. The whole time during and after experiencing this I felt extremely creeped out. I'm not the kind of person who would believe sightings like this but this one was so odd it has been at the forefront of my thoughts all day. I was so baffled when I first saw it that I just had to laugh it off. I couldn't really think of a better way to react.
