{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-04 14:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73640","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5394,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5486078.json","updb_database_id":5486078}
I saw two box kite like UFOS that were very reflective and also transparent.

This event took place on January 4, 2016. The time was 2:45 pm. Sky was cloudless, bright blue sky and very cold (-10c). The wind was blowing in a westerly direction. Event took place in Oshawa, Ontario, Canada. 

I was driving home from work on the 401 (major east/west freeway in Ontario). I got off the 401 at the Bloor/Harmony exit and proceeded north on Harmony road (I have driven this route home for the last 12 years). Harmony Road is a four lane road (two lanes northbound and two lanes southbound) at this point and there are residential homes on both sides of the street. The traffic was heavy as is normal this time of the day. As I approached the intersection of Harmony Road and Olive Street I came to a red light and stopped. I was the first car in the right lane at the intersection. As I was stopped my eye caught something bright at the top of my windshield and I looked up at it. What I saw next was very puzzling. As I'm not sure of the exact size of the two objects I can only tell you what it "seemed" like to me. To me the objects appeared to be about 6 feet long and about 3 feet wide. The best idea of a shape that I can give you is they looked like box kites. They were both very, very shiny. Almost like a bright chrome reflecting the sun. However only parts of the objects were reflecting the sun, other parts were translucent and you could see the the sky through the material. To me it seemed like these objects were about 200 feet high, maybe 200-300 feet away from me. Generally they looked as if they were hovering above the intersection. The object that was closer to me was about 10 feet lower than the second object and they were about 10-15 feet apart. I was watching them for between 1-2 minutes. I have my cell phone with me and wanted to get out of my car, but as there was a lot of traffic behind me I didn't want to hold them up (I really regret now that I didn't take pictures). When the light turned green I made a right turn (so I was now driving eastbound on Olive Street and the objects were now behind me and I was driving away from them). I just couldn't believe what I had just been looking at. Olive Street at this point is a two lane road with residential homes on either side of the street. As I was driving east on Olive Street I just had a "feeling" that I should look up into the sky. When I did this I was shocked to see another UFO that was completely different than the first two that I had just witnessed. At this point I'm driving so I can't look for long periods of time at this third object. Again, it's difficult to estimate the distance, but I would have to say that it appeared to be anywhere from 5,000 to 10,000 feet up. It was circular and white, with a dark blue line that appeared as a circle inward from the outside rim. There were four objects that look something like mechanical arms or large rods that were jutting out from the object (if the circle had corners there would have been one of these rods at each corner). I have a sunroof that has an inside cloth cover. At this point I pulled the cover back and looked directly up at the bottom of the object (still at the same height). To me it seemed as if the object was not moving. Olive Street ends at Townline Road and I had made up my mind to stop at this intersection to see if I could get a picture of this object. When I got to the intersection ( about 20 seconds since I had first seen this third object) I stopped the car and looked up and the object was gone. 

When I got home I told my wife about my experience and I then called the Durham Regional police. The woman who was on the phone I told her a little of what I had witnessed, but had really phoned to see if anyone else had called in. She said there were no other reports. She then patched me through to the Oshawa Airport which is a small airport about 10 minute drive from where I witnessed the objects. The man at the airport said they had no strange aircraft flying around, but took my name and number and told me he would call me back if anyone else called in. He did tell me that he has had several calls about UFOs over the last several months.

I really, really regret not taking any photos. I have to mention that I'm very familiar with all kinds of aircraft in the sky. As I mentioned I live near a small airport and have seen lots and lots of aircraft flying in daylight and at nighttime. Also our area has a police helicopter and have viewed that flying around many, many times. While this object was similar to a box kite, it was like no box kite I have ever seen before. The area where I witnessed the objects is about 4 miles from Lake Ontario. This really freaked me out as I have no idea what I was looking at.
