{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503078","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55885","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/078/mufon-5503078.json","updb_database_id":5503078}
{kt}six or seven balls of light

It was spring of 1980. I watched tv until the cable had gone off the air. 11pm appx. Everyone had fallen asleep, but I still was not tired. It was storming very badly outside. Lightening, thunder, and heavy rain. I had nothing better to do so I went to bed. The bed was in the bedroom on the second floor next to a window overlooking a field next to the farm house. 

I layed in bed watching the storm through the window when I noticed that in the field next to the house were spheres of light. There were appx 6-7 of them darting back and forth across this field in every direction possible. I had never seen anything like it before or since.  These objects were appx 4 ft in diameter. Moving like pinballs in a pinball machine from one end of the field to the other. Once reaching the border of the field they bounced back changing direction then darting in a new direction until it reached the border again. 

I was 11 yrs old and I was amazed by what I was seeing. So much so that I tried to wake others to witness this event. I was unsuccessful at waking anyone. I could not wake anyone no matter how hard I tried. 

I eventually fell asleep watching the spheres in the field. I assumed it was a natural event and did no investigation the next morning in the field. I wish I would have now but I was 11 and didnt no any better. Plus, I just figured it was something explainable.

We left grams that day and went back home to st. joseph, mo. On that monday upon returning to school, I asked my science teacher about what I witnessed and he pretty much treated me as if I were lying about it. 
I knew right then that it was not a natural event that took place that night in leavenworth,ks. 

Im 45 yrs old now and over the years I have read and taken interest into the ufo phenomenon. I have never heard or read any other stories similar to mine. 

Are there others who have witnessed such an event? What did I see? Was it a natural phenomenon? Or other worldly? I would really like to hear other stories similar to this or at least a theory of what it was that I saw.
