{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-21 18:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512916","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45382","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3243,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/916/mufon-5512916.json","updb_database_id":5512916}
{dr}Rounded arrow shape with four white lights at ends and red blinking in middle

I was taking out the garbage on a windless cool clear night (45 degr.) and I noticed an object blinking at a 45 degree angle over the tops of trees, across the street from my apartment (complex) in busy downtown Virginia Beach. As it came closer, 2 younger females waiting for the bus looked up at it. I told my wife, what is that? In the beginning it looked like a helicopter and then a plane - mainly because of the blinking red light. Then my wife got out of the car and watched with me from that time forward. It almost came straight overhead, in a west to east direction along Hwy 264 going easterly towards the beach and not far from the Damn Neck military base. Absolutely no sound was heard at all as it was flying. Its size was, at arms length, if you would put your thumb up it would be the size of the meaty part of the thumb. Its height was father than a hovering helicopter, but lower than a plane seen in the distance. To me, it was slow moving, but my wife said its speed was faster than a chopper, but slower than a plane. We could see its shape very clearly.The shape was very odd; 4 rounded arrows in like a cross shape, the ends of which did not touch (space between them). Had an overall square shape if considering it as a whole. At the ends of the 4 arrows were 4 unblinking small white lights. In the center, which was round, there was a much larger blinking red light. It blinked just like a planes lights - methodically.It took about 45 seconds to a minute for it to reach us going overhead and down to the end of the apartments towards the beach when we lost sight of it going over the buildings. It flew in a straight line very deliberately, almost like it was looking for something or someone. I was astouded and we both had our mouths open and didn't move an inch standing there on the sidewalk in front of our apartment. We were both in total awe. I still think about it as it was my 1st sighting and my wifes second (in nearly the same area about 6 years ago, but hers was doing zig-zagging motions had different colors and it was closer to the beach area).I never thought I would see a UFO and definetly not this close. Its taken me all of 57 years. The shape is nothing that Ive ever seen before. To me it was like a religeous experience - I am not the church going type. I was surprised that I wasnt spooked or ran away, probably because I was standing transfixed as I was watching it (but not forced to do so physically by the UFO).
