{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-23 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286916","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116463","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2420,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/916/mufon-5286916.json","updb_database_id":5286916}
Orb shaped objects or UAP over Tacoma

Someone in my neighborhood was flying a drone near my house, so I was looking up at the sky to see what it looked like. I found the drone travelling SW away from my view when I noticed three small orbs in a triangular shape travelling very slowly from SW to S in my view.  The "point" of the formation had a whiteish orb and was the one "leading" the direction of travel. The other two formed the other two points of the triangle and followed behind. After the group stopped and was hovering, I looked away to grab my phone and the two darker ones had gone, once I gained sight of them again, and only the light colored one was left. At one point, it looked like a second light colored one had appeared at roughly the same altitude. After about a minute had passed I lost sight of the newly appeared light colored one, and the original light colored one was still in about the same spot, but it looked like it had gotten more dim or possibly further away.

The UAP/ unconventional aircraft were at approximately 30-40 deg off horizon from what I can tell. I am not accustomed to giving details on degrees off horizon so this is just my best guess.

There were various aircraft in the sky of different sizes at the time of the sighting, including a small 2-seater, a military transport plane, and a commercial plane all at various elevations at different times during the sighting.

There were no sounds associated with the sighting that I could hear. 

I do not know what they were, only that they seemed to behave in different ways than I have seen conventional aircraft or drones behave. It would be interesting to know if what they were.

I took a couple minutes of footage of the UAP / unconventional aircraft but only the light colored one can be seen from what I can tell.
