{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-11 01:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292916","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110400","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4101,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/916/mufon-5292916.json","updb_database_id":5292916}
I Have Picture.I Notised An Unusual Stationary Cloud As Storm Weather Cleared And Noticed An Object Moving Outside of My Understanding

My wife and i sat in our vehicle at the laundromat, as we washed , dried , and folded our cloths. So we were there for 2 hours anyway. I had rained earlier and I was watching the clouds blow through as it cleared, as we sat i commented to my wife that there is an unusual cloud that seems to be stationary with two long wispy angle looking clouds in front of it. she looked and said, that's cool and we went in and transferred laundry to driers, about a half hour. when we came back out to the car i noticed the cloud was still there, and that is absolutely impossible, as i watched other clouds blew by in front , in back, and through this particular cloud, and it was maintaining its shape. It appeared to be in the shape or say a large hamburger with blue sky in between, With long whisps of a thin cloud that looked dragged down in front of it, this downward vail seemed unusual. I started snapping pictures at this point, and immediately my Samsung camera phone with a 90% charge, started blinking out of camera function and i couldn't seem to catch a pic , it was at this point my wife became horrified i was talking crazy again and taking pictures of the sky and clouds. THAT IS A WHOLE OTHER STORY, IF I EVEN MENTION ANYTHING PARANORMAL OR UFO RELATED SHE LOOSES HER SHIT ON ME , I WAS HANDED DIVORCE PAPERS WHEN I WOKE UP ONE MORNING AFTER HAVING A FULLY LUCID ABDUCTION DREAM THAT I BELIEVED AS REAL AS MY WEEKLY PAY CHECK, I WAS MISTAKEN, HOW IT WOULD GO OVER WITH THE FAMILY.
So i had to tune her out and what i believed to be under the cloud very low to the ground i noticed an object darting about in a way i believe impossible in nature as i know and not what i had believed i would ever see and believe a true unidentified because it appears relatively small, and with my cell camera still blinking in and out i caught maybe one in three pictures i took. It would vanish and appearing again as i watched ,,as far as i know impossible, so i just kept my eye on it and did all i could to try and capture a picture. upon review i believe i have one and only one , it is not much but i do not know if you people might recognize any part of my sighting or pic, as relevant, so here it is.
the object is in photo one just above the electrical lines between pole and left tree leaves. the other pictures are slightly different views of the immediate area relative to the objects actual position in view. hopefully if warranted to determine its actual size . i have another approx 15 pictures from that day and place if anyone there feels retentive email or call ill send them also. this object appeared to be similar to the "GIMBLE" video when i realized i had it in a pic. It took over a week for me to even see that i had captured it though if im not mistaken GIMBLE WAS NOT VISIBLE IN NORMAL LIGHT, WHICH THESE PICS ARE. 
THANK YOU [name removed/cms/rjl]
ARE 62
AND BIG FAN, 
The first time i was ready when it happened in over 50 years,
