{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498916","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3739,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/916/mufon-5498916.json","updb_database_id":5498916}
{cak} UFO hovering soundless and motionless in high winds

We were moving South on the 101 hwy in 2008 in the Summer time coming from the Heceta Head Lighthouse.  My husband and I pulled off the hwy. to explore the beach. We were in an area notorious for very high winds and this day was no exception. There must have been a low cloud cover because the sky was void of color and was a sort of misty white. I started taking photos before we got to the beach. When I looked up I saw this oval shaped craft that seemed to have a slightly bowed bottom. I haven't seen anything like it and it didn't look like a blimp and it was definitely not the shape of a weather balloon. I said to my husband "my god" do you know how big that thing is? I saw no lights but only this white craft against a whitish background. Despite these horrific intense winds it was motionless and, from where we stood, it was soundless. We went down to the beach for a short while and when we got back, to my amazement, it was still there. My husband said "let's get outta here". I drove. We proceeded South down the 101 and my side of the windshield turned white. It wouldn't clear inside or out. There seemed to be some sort of substance on it because I could hear my wipers scrape it. My partners side was fine and I was driving in the blind. I could hear vehicles whizzing by and the only way on this curvy road to navigate was by sound. I rolled down my side window but I couldn't see through the white nor could I see the road at my side. I listened how close vehicles were on the side of me and in back of me. For the life of me I do not know how I navigated the curves on this road without going over the side and off the edge. When I travel a considerable distance like this my windshield cleared up quickly and I thought "my God, I'm alive, I'm alive".

When we got home I turned on the news immediately and, just as I did, the news reported that witness have seen a UFO in the same area that I photographed the image that I am enclosing. I looked at my photo but I believe due to the lighting the image didn't show in the photograph. I started messing with the brightness and toned it down a bit and lo and behold there it was. Within this same week another UFO of a much different shape was reported in Northern California. The picture of the California UFO was borrowed from another site but none-the-less it looked exactly the same.

In order to finish this report I needed a month and day but I don't remember what they were so I'm just posting something. We were on Summer vacation.

In the first two pictures where the UFO appeared over the bridge the pic on its side is the original, in the second one the brightness was toned down which reveals the UFO and the 3rd pic is the image that looked like the UFO reported in California.
