{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-17 18:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494916","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64538","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6350,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/916/mufon-5494916.json","updb_database_id":5494916}
{nd} Saw two,then more, red orange glowing rectangular objects flying from the west hovered then flew the same path up till each light vanished

l was sitting on my couch with only the light of a few candles looking out of my window which is on the third floor in Laughlin Nevada with a view of the Colorado river ,and three states including Nevada, Arizona and California .At that time the electricity was turned off at my condo and leaving the window shades opened allowed more light inside. I noticed an unusual reddish glowing light that appeared coming from the mountains from the west. I got up to get a better view and to make sure it wasn't just a reflection on the window . I know all the lights from all the roads and I know I have never seen lights from those mountains cause there are not any roads or homes located on them. As l was looking at the light another appeared almost next to it. I yelled at my husband David who was in the restroom to hurry and look at the lights with me .He came to the window and opened it up to make sure we were actually seeing what we couldn't explain . I grabbed my phone and turned on the video camera but just held it towards the lights rather than looking through the lens . l didn't want to miss seeing anything .I wanted to have proof but I know how poorly my phone camera works in the dark and honestly didn't think anything would show up. Then we started to see more of the lights coming from the same place. I'm going to try to explain the feelings we both felt. Not quite fear but I was shaking . More like a special insight into what I thought was a myth. Seeing something that explains faith . Ecstaticly afraid.l was thinking is this an attack or are we watching secret experimental technology?  What we witnessed was real .No airplane or helicopter or any motor sounds outside at all and completely quiet inside -no refrigerator motor,no heating motor, no radio or t.v., no clock ticking , just my husband and I and some dogs barking outside .Then the first two lights which started as reddish yellow ish glowing rectangles flew almost side by side towards our direction seemed to stop and hover over Bullhead city and the lights glowed whiter and rounder. Then the object that was flying a bit behind the other flew in front than above the other and flew in an upward path towards the sky becoming a small pinpoint of white light then disappeared .As we watched the lights disappear another single reddish orange glowing rectangular object appeared from the same mountains in the west followed by a pair of the same glowing objects which flew past the single glowing object and then also hovered. Then all three glowed whiter and smaller .Then following the same path as the first two the U.F.O.S gradually ascended becoming as small as a pinprick of white light then disappeared . As we watched those U.F.O.S disappearing 
two more glowing pairs and a single glowing objectflew out of the same mountains flying and changing places with each other but all following the exact same path upwards . Then three or four single lights came out from the same area and then I lost count of exactly how many were in the sky at that one time. As the last few disappeared in the same pinpoint of space the final pair and single object flying out of the same area also flew by following the same path as all the others. What my husband and I observed that evening was definitely not like any aircraft I have ever seen flying anywhere .The lights glowed and there weren't any blinking lights on any of them . The abrupt 45 degree angle which they flew going up and how quickly they grew smaller was like only a super fast jet or even a rocket ship could do. And all completely disappeared unlike any other aircraft could. The glow was not reflecting light like a balloon or another floating object or birds . We heard no sounds or rumble of a jet engine or any helicopter noise. l have flown .many times as far as Singapore in large jets and flown with my father who is a pilot in small planes. I have lived in big cities like Chicago and Las Vegas near busy airports and with busy police helicopter noise and have many times sat gazing at the planes in the sky. These aircraft l cannot explain . l have seen shooting stars. Definitely not that.All these lights ascended and all to the exactsame spot. Also our condo is not in any aircraft path and the rare occasion we see or hear any aircraft noise has been a helicopter and that has been only twice in a year l have heard one. Bullhead city airport is east and I have never seen a plane anywhere from my window .My husband and I assumed that we couldn't have been the only ones who watched the lights and checked out the newspapers and t.v. news the next day and talked to neighbors and friends in the area but no one else saw anything .And when we did talk about what we saw it was apparent no one believed us. However that next day we were walking down the Laughlin casino riverwalk and sat on a bench talking to a couple visiting from Orange county who said that they saw some very unusual flying objects around noon, as they were driving past Searchlight,NV and thought it was an attack of some kind and felt afraid .Since that day I have not found any report of any sightings that day. I'm reporting it now and will attach the video of it. The lights mostly seen on the video are the lights from our condos across from our building and the lights from Bullhead city but if you look above those lights you can see the lights from the U.F.O.s. I just hope maybe you can enhance the pictures and see more than can actually be seen by just watching it.
