{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-04-06 05:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281916","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/916/mufon-5281916.json","updb_database_id":5281916}
Stargazing at Arcturus

I was star gazing; mainly viewing Arcturious through my monocular . Arcturious. Was in the nw sky . It is the 4 th brightest star in the sky. Then I noticed a bright gold colored light very high (50) degrees in the nw sky. I thought it was a star but it was actually moving. It fist seemed to me to be an airplane or something normal, but as I watched it , it began to move very oddly. It would go up or down a little ways then it would turn sort of a tight squared - circle pattern. Like a horse turning around a barrel but in a squared off way rather than a circle. It’s movement appeared so did to me that I stopped thinking about my recently deceased son. . I was awake at 4:30 am because I wake up crying about his death only 4 weeks ago. He was everything to me so I had been crying for the last hour. I was so shocked by the odd and obviously very not normal behavior of this object; or light , as it appeared to me a gold light like a star. 
I immediately began trying to reason to myself what it could be other than a UFO. It’s a drone. But, honestly, it appeared to be in space; like the ISS when it passes overhead. But this object didn’t take a continuous path across the sky like the ISS did when I watched it go overhead sometime within the last 11 months. I had been smoking some cannabis , but I am a daily smoker, especially  since my son died , I use it to calm myself down when I am so overcome by the terrible weeping, wailing and pain of our losing Noah, who was a kind, loving, compassionate human being, as well as an amazing artist and a loving son and a loving amazing father to his only child. A son named [removed/CMS/fgc]. I admit I’m extra emotional now. On the other hand , am a veteran star gazer, and for Christmas my husband got me a super great little monocular . I can see the stars and planets now so much better than with even the 8 lb. Binoculars he bought me in 2015. Every morning I get up around 5 am local time. I make myself a latte and relax then I gather my monocular, my iPhone with my Sky Tonight app and my binoculars and my microfiber cloth ( to wipe the lenses) and I view Venus when she rises in our eastern sky. I am a retired para-librarian. I am of sound mind( except for this period of grief over our son’s sudden death at 42 of a massive. I was standing right beside him when he was stricken. I watched him slowly die over four days in hospital on life support, while the Legacy group prepared for his organ donations, which was my son’s wish. It was the worst four days of my entire life. And at 70 I have been through some shit. I am available 24/7 if someone from your organization wants to contact me for any further questions you may have. I can tell you one thing. This object , 50 degrees high in what appeared to be high in space; not within a normal height in the sky for a man made object, moved in a very very unusual way; a way that suggested to to be a deliberate , directed way, instead of a random way. Like a leaf blowing in the wind behaves. It was odd enough that I forgot , for a moment, everything I was previously thinking about ( we had our first great grand child born to our dear little granddaughter last night. A baby girl. ) I hope my observation is clearly written enough to be useful in the study of these unexplained phenomena.
