{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-06 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454916","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106695","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/916/mufon-5454916.json","updb_database_id":5454916}
{tjd} a neighbor pointed out a long trail of white glowing obects as far as we could see extending unobstructed from the west towards the east.

a neighbor ran up to me shofrtly after dark and said "hey do you want to see a formation of UFO's ?" I jumped out of my car and he said "look up" as far as we could see in the west towards the sierra nevada mountain range and to the east towards Utah across the sky we observed a long thread of white solid lights. no blinking no pulsations just a long chain of these lights that appeared to be flying at an elevation you would expect to see a large jetliner which we see many of here in our clear dark night skies aboove Tahoe/Reno I then began calling my son who just happened to be in the shower his wife bounced him out of there and he came out dripping shaking his head like this better be good. I said "look at that chain of lights" Marcus looked up and said "what the heck is that ?" we watched for aprox 4 more mi nutes together with his wife and my grandson. The objects were stretching acoross the sky as far as we could see west to east at what appeared to be a very high elevation so i can only guess at how far apart they were spaced but it appeared that they were a mile apart all spaced equally except for two that were very close to one another following the same trajectory. After the last of them passed nearly directly overhead we noticed a bunch of aircraft with blinking lights flying around in a haphazard fashion over Reno. There is an International Airport in Reno so it is unusual to see aircraft circling about in a haphazard pattern. I have a habbit of looking at the sky often I'm a stargazer and a Certified Aircraft Structural Mechanic so I am interested in gthings that fly I attend airshows from time to time and i have never observed anything like this before. The objects were so far away that none of us present could capture video although we did all try to record
