{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-24 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32865","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2498,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5523119.json","updb_database_id":5523119}
Lights formed triangle w/ large flashing light in center

First of all, my dad was an airline captain for 35 yrs. so the better part of my life has revolved around anything that had to do with aircraft. Most of our friends were involved in the airline industry, air shows all over the country, my dads library is filled with books, tapes, dvds, pictures, and models of aircraft. So when I went outside to feed the cat about 10pm a large, bright, LED looking light caught my eye to the north. My first thought it was the head lights of a plane until I saw it flash. As it moved directly over my house I saw it was a triangle shaped object. Its shape was defined by a soft white glow but bright enough to see clearly it was not any aircraft Id ever seen before. In the center of this object was an extremely bright flashing light that looked just like someone flashing an LED flashlight. The light did not flash at random, it was timed perfectly. I counted the seconds between flashes and it was 3 sec. each time. There were no blue and red collision lights like on the wings of a plane. I listened for a sound and there was none. We live out in the country where its quiet. I watched the object come from the north and move south at about the speed of a plane.
 My dad had told me in the past about how commercial planes fly directly over our area, as did he when he flew, very low on approach to Hartsfield/Jackson in Atlanta. So when a plane is heading to the airport in Atlanta, its low and heading north. All other planes heading east, west and south are very high in altitude, but you can always hear them. That being said, this object was heading south, and was about the size of a golf ball at arms length, very big and it was dead silent. I watched it for about 30 seconds or so until I lost sight of it behind some trees. But through the trees I could still see the light flash.
 Hope to see it again!
