{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-01 23:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105477","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2402,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5456119.json","updb_database_id":5456119}
{jpg} Light moving in the sky

On January 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th I observed a star-like light moving in small circular patterns under completely overcast skies. I first thought there was a small break in the clouds and I was seeing a star but after about 10 minutes watching it and it not disappearing back behind the clouds I realized it wasn't a star but some sort of craft below the clouds. I then noticed it was moving back and forth in a random circular pattern. It was at an altitude and the pattern was so tight it was difficult to detect the movement at first but I then held my thumb up putting the light at the tip and then could clearly see it was moving in a pattern and also it would move into the cloud cover slightly and drop just below it. I watched it for approximately 1 hour until I finally got tired of looking almost directly above my head. I went out the following 3 nights with very similar weather at the same time of day and at nearly the identical location in the sky and witnessed it for the three concurrent nights. The 4th night of observing it I watched it through binoculars where I noticed it was actually three lights in a triangle. I have been out each night. Each night I observed it for approximately 1 hour before going inside with it still in view. 

On a side note since a very young age, I enjoyed going out at night and looking at the night sky, I do it nearly every night. I never have seen anything out of the ordinary for most of my life (I'm in my early 50's) up until about 4 years ago when I saw my first UFO that was an orb of light pass over me at a very low altitude. Since that first one I have seen somewhere around 10 sightings, for some reason it seems the area has become somewhat of a hotspot. I have seen enough of them now that it really is becoming mundane.
