{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-02-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42014","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5516119.json","updb_database_id":5516119}
{flg} Followed our car to our destination, no power in car, hovered over us and left

Four of us attended a firemans dance in Janesville, Wisc. Our trip originated in Oregon, Wisc. There was no alcohol consumed by any of us. We left the dance, and our car had a flat tire. By the time the tire was changed, we were the only people left in the school parking lot, where the dance was held. We started for Oregon and the driver noticed the car had no power, would only go 20 miles per hour and the lights would not work. Because of that, we took back roads home so as not to run into any law enforcement. When we reached Oregon, a trip that took us twice as long as it should have, one of us, cant remember who, said "Oh my God," and was looking toward the sky. We all looked up and hovering above us was an object we could not identify. It was circular with a domed top and pulsating lights of red, blue, green and white could be seen all around the object. We watched it for a while as it hovered above us. It made no sound except a low hum. Without warning, the object quietly zipped away and disappeared. Once it began moving, it went out of our sight very quickly. We made a pact to never talk of the incident for fear people would think we were nuts or imagining things. After the object left, we four went into the house and sat in the kitchen consuming copious amounts of alcohol. The next day, the car worked just fine. The lights worked and it could be driven pretty much at top speed. Several years after the incident, one of us must have said something to somebody because the Air Force contacted me, asking me for information about the sighting, which I gave them. It was quite an experience and actually did not frighten us until after the object left. We assumed it was that object that "sucked" the juice from our car and we surmised it had followed us from Janesville while it took power from the car.
