{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-05-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51600","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3870,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5507119.json","updb_database_id":5507119}
{nd} Large, dark, triangular shaped craft flying low over Hillsboro Texas 1995

I never reported this incident for many reasons. In the 90s UFOs were more of a conspiracy story to most people, you were considered a kook to believe in them, which I did anyway. The only people I ever told did not believe me, including my family, so I kept it to myself. The last reason was that I could not believe I saw what I had seen and not one other person ever mentioned it. Because of this, time is a little blurred.

It was spring/summer in 95 or 96(I can dig in some records to find the exact year). I lived on Nowlin street in Hillsboro Texas. Me and a couple of my room-mates had stayed up late playing video games. I was the last one standing and still enjoying my games, but really needed to take a leak. I am a guy, and lazy, so just walked out my front door to pee off the porch.
Was a nice temperature being around 2ish in the morning, the night was clear as a bell as Texas nights and days tend to be. No wind. The town of Hillsboro has a population of about 12k at the time so it is pretty much asleep as a town, but there is people about at that time of night and interstate 35 is not a mile away. The lights of the city streets around the main street and the all night convenient stores is all the light there is, but I am one block away from that well lit main street. The night is quiet.
As I was doing my business I happen to look up. Maybe it got a tad bit brighter, maybe I just flat noticed something above me, I don't know why. Directly above me is a ship hull, complete with the hull plating and seam-work. The lights from the street were reflecting off the surface and was the only reason I saw it. It was not extra reflective by nature and in fact was a drab dull metal color (I am red-green color-blind). It appeared to be just 20 or 50 above the roof of the house I lived in, which had a steep roof that made it approximately equivalent to a two story place. I could be off by up to a couple dozen feet. Its surface reminded me of any number of navy ships hulls.

To this day I do not know why I did not call out to my friends, not 20 feet away from me in the house and asleep, right then and there. I just took a step or two out into my yard and stared up at this huge ship flying over head. Something so amazing that it HAS to be shared and I just watch it fly away.

It made absolutely no sound, not a single light of its own was showing moving slowly to the north. It grows in width as it goes overhead and when the what I assume was the back end came into view I knew it was triangular shaped and where the lights of the street no longer reflected was the blackness of its hull as it blocked out starlight for a while.

It just kept going north. No other change in direction, action, or mode.

I told my friends and wife at the time. Never heard mention of it or any rumors of something weird. As far as I know, I am the only person that saw it. I could have called them out there and I didn't. I never could explain to myself why I did not chase after it in the car, wake my friends, run down the street after it to see where it went, anything.

Others are seeing something that sounds like mine in texas now, so I thought I would put in what I knew.
