{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-18 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40917","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5517119.json","updb_database_id":5517119}
{dr}Two blinking orbs in unison, paths crossed by solid orb.

Two blinking orbs were flying above my house with what sounded like jet engines. The lights would change position of leader between flashes(orb a was in the front, when its light disappeared and orb b would light up, it would then be in the front. Then vice versa, this kept going back and forth until I could no longer see them.) As there was a commercial jet in the air also, I was unsure if the sound was coming from it. A solid orb shot in front of the two flashing orbs in what seemed like a blink of an eye, it moved so quickly it had the what looked like a light tail. The solid orb stopped and hovered in place for a few minutes before it began slowing moving across the sky, flashing randomly. The flashes would get more intense as it moved across the sky until a final bright flash before it disappeared.
After this another orb appeared in the sky, with solid light. It floated across the sky in a swaying motion, as a boat in water would rock left and right. At certain moments it was as if the light would "skip a frame".

In the past 5 months, this has been ongoing on a nightly basis. I am 25 and before the past 5 months, I can only recall one sighting of anything like this in my life. Since March of this year, I have probably seen more than 100 of similar objects. I am completely aware of the air traffic as I live near the Florence Airport. I have compared sightings to satellite paths, space station, etc. and was able to explain maybe 6 of over 100 objects. The rest, the way they moved, there is no way they were commercial, meteors, etc. I have never seen anything move they way these objects do.

I believe that Florence, SC would be a great place for your research purposes. The skies have been keeping me awake at night as these objects have been on my mind constantly. I have become a "sky watcher" if you will.
