{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-21 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84140","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3099,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5476119.json","updb_database_id":5476119}
{jpg} Amber glowing craft chased by Military Jet at Giant Rock during Contact in the desert 2017.

While on a UFO night-watch at Giant Rock with participants attending the Contact in the Desert event, approximately 50 of us gathered to watch the sky and share at least 15 pairs of Generation 3 military goggles provided by the host of the event.

At approximately 10pm, a few people noticed a bright red-orange point of light glowing constantly bright, not blinking and moving from one field of view to another in between the two giant rocks and hills. I and approximately 10 others joined the observers to catch a quick glimpse before it left our field of view. 

At this time, for approximately 1-2 minutes I observed this light through the goggles. The first thing I did was adjust the depth of field in the goggles. The goggles were in focus for high altitude focus, making the stars above look very clear. To view this object up close, I had to lens all the way to the closest depth to see the object clearly.

What I saw during the time the focus was clear was a diamond shape with sides very close to being equal all the way around. I could see definition in the object enough to make out brighter areas in all four corners of the object and once more in the middle. In the spaces in-between, it glowed with less intensity. Once the object was out of view from being behind the rock, I immediately drew what I saw on paper and shared it with the event host. 

Approximately one minute after, in the same area we saw the diamond craft fly from left to right in our view, now I saw three military air crafts following the same route. I am aware that military aircraft blink with multiple flashes in quick succession, whereas commercial and personal planes blink once. This is how I came to my conclusion.

Moments after we noticed the above mentioned aircrafts, a large bright light appearing red-orange emerged from over the hill we stood below. The light zoomed quickly over our heads at the height of approximately 1000 ft. I remember noticing that there was no sound coming from the light.

A moment later, following the light, emerged a military jet craft making loud noise as it flew by us. The jet seemed to be chasing the light. The light flew straight towards the hills to our other side and the jet chased it until they could not be seen with my physical sight.

One of the group participants using his own goggle recorded from his device a video, with no sound, showing the event.
