{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-11 04:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111207","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5292119.json","updb_database_id":5292119}
UFO just appeared in under a second

My Frenchie Bones woke me up at 4 am to go out, let him out, put him back to bed and got the new laser I ordered just a few days before this event. I decided to go back out, it was about 4:15 when I got back out there. We are close up the Verdugo Mountains in Burbank, CA. It's very quiet, dark at that time - you can always see Venus and her moon (as with this night) and Mars, lots of stars. I randomly pointed the laser upward just right of Venus and in under a second a bright, luminous sphere appeared directly in front of me, up about level with my garage roof at the lower end of the roof near the garage door. It was just in front of a big lemon tree (which the next day had 3 large branches dipping downward like a weeping willow) - all the other branches continue to stand upright. I have photo of the branches in question. I heard nothing, no humming whatsoever, it was just there. I was awestruck but began to speak to it. I thanked it for responding to my laser, I said I was so privileged to be able to see and meet you in this manner. At that point it responded by flashing twice, as if in response to my comment. I went on to say I always knew "you were here but this is such validation, and again I'm so grateful." Again it flashed once this time. 
I then began to get a bit fearful, as I was the only one out there at 4:30 am by this time. I said I would appreciate it if you would return again at some point, that this had been a truly emotional visit for me and I would like to ask you questions if that would be okay. I then went back inside and the light continued to stay there for about another minute and a half and then it just vanished completely. I did not see it come down, I did not see a ship behind it or any occupants, I did not see a of any sort ship leave. It was not a small sphere - it was the size of a very, very large sports ball you exercise with at gyms. Because of the light I could not tell if there was a larger vehicle behind it but I assume there was. I did feel warmth emanating from it, not heat, but a definite warmth.It was not uncomfortable. It just appeared and then a few minutes after I went back inside, it was there a minute or so more, then it vanished. Obviously seeing something this close and personal, having it respond to me TWICE when I thanked it and was in gratitude for its appearance, it was just the most awesome thing I have ever experienced and it does change you - both consciously and spiritually. I immediately texted my Production partner [name removed] (the time reads 4:48 am) as well as my friend [name removed] telling them what had just occurred. For the next week I really cocooned myself going over every aspect and detail of this experience. It absolutely changes you in every way. Life and the Universe is more open and I understand more fully we are all connected - absolutely connected. It was as if a running conversation was going on in my head whereby our elevation of consciousness, our elevation as a race of people on this planet is what is desired. I felt no malice whatever, it was a very ethereal, almost loving feeling. It remains with me today weeks later. For that I am grateful. Yesterday, in speaking with another friend of mine who lives close by, I divulged my story to him. He told me about a similar episode he experienced here in Burbank (he lives just blocks away) of him and two of his buddies witnessing an orb/sphere very clearly. It did not get as close to them as it did me, but it was moving back and forth, going up the mountainside and returning, they were excited to see it and it flashed a light - again perhaps in response to their excitement. There are definitely Cosmic Travelers here in Burbank. I am going out again this week to try to communicate with them - this time hoping to get video of them. Thank you for the opportunity of allowing me to relate my experience. Again, life changing and life affirming. PS - I'm a writer and film/television producer here in L.A. I own a company called Aegis Film Group for the past 17 years. I am not someone given to flights of fancy but THIS was reality quite frankly in your face. Just amazing! The video I am attaching is pretty raw, from my cellphone. It was taken around 11:30 at night the same day that my experience with the sphere appeared at 4:15 am. It was hard to keep track of it as it kept moving, then would occasionally blink or appear to vibrate. When I pan back from Venus, immediately there was a huge FLASH in the sky just above the sphere. You can hear me gasp at that point. I saw it with my own eyes and it was tremendously bright - just for a millisecond. (On a large screen you can see it better). It was very difficult to track once it started moving, just too fast, sorry for panning around.
