{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-09 22:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30674","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8321,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5525119.json","updb_database_id":5525119}
Ther are three different type space craft every night in my viewing area and others such as at my sister's apartment one block over my moms house in Walker, La. my nieces' house in Spring lake livingston parish each of my two sons house in D. S .La

I am writing to report sightings of UFO activity at my house and around the area. On approximately July 9, 201I while rinsing my driveway after cutting the grass I noticed a bright white light which was behind me. When  I turned to look back there was a space craft going down next to the cell phone tower which is next to my house. This was not the first strange sighting I had seen next to the cell phone tower. After the event of approximately July 9, 2011 when the space craft went down next to the cell tower the white light on the cell tower has not been working at night. The white light on top of the cell phone tower goes out completely only the red lights which are down lower on the cell tower are on. In the morning the white light on the cell phone tower comes back on it works all day and goes off again at night. The white light on the cell phone tower has not been on at night since. Ever since the event of approximately July 9,2011 I have seen the space craft fly down right next to the cell phone tower over  my house on several occasions. Last night 8/5/11 my daughter who is 13 years old came bolting in the back door to tell me it flew passed the cell phone tower and over the back yard. She had been standing at the front door waiting for me to unlock the front  door while I went in the back door to open it. She ran to the back door bolting through it to let me know it flew passed the cell tower over our yard again. On Saturday night approximately July 16, 2011@ 10:33 pm the craft flew right next to the cell phone tower and over my driveway where I had been sitting in my car I clearly saw it has two headlights which almost look faded yellow white three lights on the side in a row and one red light on top and two red lights in back it does not have wings These space craft sit in the sky rather low where you can see they look sort or yellow in the sky and begin to fly very low as soon as it gets dark. You can see them every night. One starts off from the exact same place every night by my sister1s apartment. It sits there and starts off from that point flying low and quiet. On approximately July 22, 2011 there was another type space craft which flew straight over my house which had a triangle shape it has six bright white lights and red lights on the bottom of the space craft . I have seen the movement of this space craft it stays up high in the sky twinkles like a star you can see the shape is triangle with the bright white light on the bottom it appears as a star @ approximately 1:30-2:30 am it starts coming straight down directly it sways slightly right then left circles a tiny bit and then drops ,again it sways right left and drops until it finally reaches close to the top of the trees behind my house at approximately 4:30am-5:30 am and goes down behind the trees where I am un-able to see where it lands. I also notice a third little small space craft which has orange looking bright lights and almost looks like it is charging the space craft it moves across the sky to each of the space craft at approximately 4:30 am and stays with them and then moves to the next one. There are several sitting in the sky every night as soon as it gets dark you can see the space craft which has two yellow/white headlights and red lights on top there are more than one . These aircraft fly low right over the area and do not make any sounds. My sister and her  daughter watched as the space craft which is in her view point came down from not very far up and flew right over the shell gas station and did not make a sound. You can see these  strange looking space craft fly every night since I first noticed the one which parked next to the cell phone tower it is predictable that it will fly right next to the cell tower again. I have my cell phone full of video recordings for proof that they are extremely low as a cell phone will only reach so high. The smaller orange space craft was as low as the ground early this morning and looked like it has a strange long thing which has a tiny little light or something on the end that extends and stretches out to reach the space craft which are hovering near it like it is really charging them .That is why I believe they can remain here so long and fly every night. I have contacted state police, sheriff1s office, news stations, the airport, NASA, homeland security and anyone who is a professional or a scientist in the field who could come investigate. I am not seeking to claim a hoax or anything of that sort you could see it with your own eyes. I contacted homeland security again this morning after seeing the space craft again last night to please send any one who will be serious .She informed me of the states investigator and I am submitting a report to the their website as well @ www.mufon.com , if the state investigator investigates then they can send you their own documentation or proof if you like. I contacted Nasa Johnson space center yesterday and they gave me a phone number to call an investigator who they said investigates UFO activity the phone number is (206)722-3000 when I contacted him I was extremely disappointed at his response to me I did not know who are where he was. All I had was a phone number from NASA and did not even know who he was other than NASA telling me to call him. He was extremely short with me and informed me to send a written report along with still photos before anyone will investigate and quickly hung up the phone. He did not even tell me where to send the written report. After the space craft flew over my yard again last night and was hovering so low to the ground early this morning across the street from my house I was highly upset and frightened that something  could actually come so close to my house  and not be heard. I called the number (206)722-3000 back again this morning to ask where to send my report. The man was extremely rude informing me he did not have any more time for me. I stated that I was only calling to ask where to send my report when he asked if I knew who I was calling. I stated I did not and that I received his number from NASA. This guy told me a first grader could file the report and that the tab was right there on the website. However I did not even know what website. I tried to find information from NASA1s website to file last night and could not find where to send my report. That is the only reason I called him back to find out where to send my report and video1s .The man also stated that I was not a listener on this planet it was very insulting to me and did not understanding how upset I was. If these craft flew over his house every night for a solid month he would be upset too. The man did not even give me the information yesterday because he hung up the phone before I could ask where to send the report. I cannot believe his attitude towards me and cannot believe he is the person one has to call for reporting incidents such as this. This guy is more incredible to me than any of these space craft  which are definitely out there every night since I first noticed them in early July. This is the only communication I am sending for your information only. I will only send the hundreds of video1s I have to the state1s office if they send an investigator to see them or request them. I can only hope they will take it serious and come to investigate. It1s no wonder these three vehicles can sit in our sky all night and come down so freely if no one even believes it.
