{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-14 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71537","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4738,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5488119.json","updb_database_id":5488119}
Large central light, with three small lights surrounding it in a triangle, followed by military jets

October 14, 2015 

8:00pm MST

South of Grande Prairie, Alberta, Canada, north side of the Wapiti River at the Canfor Haul Road Bridge at Gold Creek.

 My nephew and I were fishing on the north side of the Wapiti River, at the Canfor Haul Road Bridge at Gold Creek. We were on the west side of the bridge. It was dusk, right before 8:00pm, about 25 minutes after the sun had gone behind the horizon, but was still light enough to see clearly for a few more minute. The stars were just starting to be visible in the sky. There were a couple small, high cirrus clouds to the southeast.

 I was looking directly south from where we were fishing, about 60 feet from the west side of the bridge. Above the river bank, at about the same elevation as the first stars that were appearing, I seen a bright white light moving in the sky. I'd say I was looking up about 30-35 degrees. I could tell it was not a plane immediately. It was brighter than the stars and moving closer to us, heading east-northeast. It looked about the same size as a star at first, but got larger as it got closer. 

 I pointed it out to my nephew and said "Look, a UFO". 

 It was clearly at a lower elevation than large passenger jets or satellites fly at. I'd say around 10,000-15,000 feet. It did not leave a con-trail. As it got closer, three lights could be seen around the large central light, in an equilateral triangle. A bright white light beam was shining out of the lead small light that was at the front of the object, pointing in the objects direction of travel. The beam was about as long as the object and pointy like a needle, ending in a point not growing dimmer and fading, and not widening like a search light or flash light. 

 None of the lights blinked or strobed like the marker lights on an airplane. The object was moving on a pretty straight course, heading generally East-Northeast, at a constant speed. After a minute or two, it changed course a little, turning a little more North but still heading in a general East-Northeast direction. The center light grew brighter, larger and changed color a few times from white to orange-red, to blue and green a few times when it changed course. 

 I said to my nephew "Watch, there will be military jets here in two minutes."

 As soon as I said that, coming from the Northwest was a military jet, followed a few seconds later by another identical jet. The roar of the jets was audible when they passed, and the wings and marking lights on the jets were clearly visible. The UFO looked nothing like the jets. The jets were heading on a intercept course with the object. The moment the jets appeared the UFO made it's slight course change. It continued to fly for a while heading east-northeast, but as the jets got close, the outside lights disappeared. The central light changed to red and slowly grew smaller and dimmer, and then disappeared, like it faded out. It didn't fly out of sight or into a cloud. It did not reappear. The jets changed course slightly, heading more south east after the object disappeared. We got in the vehicle and left right then.

 The light from the UFO didn't blink or flash at all, it just changed color. When it first changed direction and color, it switched from white to orangey-red and grew slightly larger and brighter for a brief instant, then seemed to change to red-orange then to blue-green, then red-orange, then white. They didn't look at all like the marker lights on a plane. From where we were, it looked smaller than the jets. The object moved at about the same speed and at the same altitude as the military jets. I could hear absolutely no sound from it, even though it was the same distance from us as the military jets, and we could hear them when the flew past us. 

 There was a small group of people partying on the south side of the river, on the east side of the bridge. I'm not sure if any of those people seen the UFO.
