{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-10-14 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62251","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2595,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5497119.json","updb_database_id":5497119}
Bright light moving super fast changed direction at a sharp angle

We were an expat family living in Kuwait.
I was 8 years old. My brother was 10.
We were coming home from our local mosque from the early morning al-fajr prayers at around 5am. (Yes Kuwait was a lovely safe place in the 80's and you could let kids go to the local mosque to pray at that time)

Pitch black outside, I often gazed up at the star filled skyies as we walked home.
On this occasion I was gazing up at an angle of about 45 degrees above the horizon.
I had seen quite a few objects in the clear Kuwait night skies in the 80's
I had seen massive fireballs, and shooting stars so was familiar with celestial objects

This however was very different.

Suddenly a star like object appeared (electric blue in colour), shot down at an angle of about 45 degrees, it FLASHED brightly at the point of its direction change, and then it shot an at upward angle of 160 degree angle. Moving in the shape of a tick. The change of direction and the angle of change was sharp.

It lasted for less than a second. appeared out of nowhere flashed brightly, electric blue at the point it change direction sharply, and flicked up, and dissapeared.
It was gone as quickly as it had appeared, within a second.

I looked at my brother, and said did you see that? He did see it.

That simple event that I couldn't explain transformed my world view.
I was very familiar, even at 8, with shooting stars moving in straight lines. I had seen a massive fireball flying over the horizon over my head in Kuwait, and dissapear in the distance. All those however I would describe as organic natural events.

This however was very different, no organic natural object could change direction like this light I saw that night, it appeared out of nowhere, flashed brightly as it changed direction and dissapeared. Mind blowing seeing such a thing at 8 years old, because I know that no known human technology or indeed natural objects can move like that.
