{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-07 14:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26417","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4654,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5529119.json","updb_database_id":5529119}
viewed 3 tiny white lights move across sky this afternoon

Hello,
 I live in midtown Atlanta, GA (area code 30308), and I have had a bit of an odd day. I was looking through the videos on realufos.com earlier today for about 2 hours. Around 2:15 pm I decided I needed to stop due to hunger. I got up from the couch where my laptop was, and walked towards the kitchen. I looked out of a window that has a fairly large view of the sky through an opening in the trees and I have no explanation for what I saw. Three tiny white lights, very high in the sky, moving from North to South in a slow, horizontal path. The two in front were closer together and a bit higher than the 3rd. I ran for my camera, came back and did my best to zoom in and film them but I couldn't get them. They were just too tiny and far off to capture. I then called a friend who is a UFO buff and excitedly described the whole thing to him as I watched the 3rd object move in that same direction for at least another minute and a half before it too was finally blocked by trees.

 Now, I am fully aware of the fact that the odds of ever seeing anything in the first place are quite slim, and then add on the odds of seeing something immediately after watching a few hours of videos on what appear to be the exact same orblike things, well it's pretty close to ridiculous. And yet, there they were. A few weeks ago I was standing in the same window talking photos of a very dramatic storm rolling in and noticed, amongst the birds flying in the high winds and leaves blowing around, that there was something else, very high up in the sky, which was not moving like either one of those things at all. This, however, was black. I watched it for about 5 minutes as it slowly drifted up and to the left, finally going into a huge storm cloud. I could not lock my camera on that either. That one I was willing to chalk up to the possibility of a balloon, even though it didn't move like ones I've ever seen in the sky before. I also saw a very similar black object in a very windy, cloudy sky over Marietta, GA about 3 weeks ago while sky watching during the Blue Angels' practicing. That also went up high and into clouds and also, although it seems quite strange that hoaxers are letting a single black balloon go just when I happen to be looking, I chalked it up to possible balloon. But today, I can't explain away. I've never seen anything like it...other than on these videos, that is.

 While I believe that there is no possible way that Earth is the only inhabited planet, I do try to be as skeptical as possible and look hard for any other reasonable explanation before admitting that I am stumped. But, I am stumped. About 10 years ago on a very dark, heavily clouded day I saw something else in Buckhead that was similar that I tried reporting online to someone but they could not figure out what I meant or saw, as I had no camera with me, so there were no images or video. That one was also black, but much lower than the other things I've seen, moving at a slow, steady pace towards the East, horizontally across the sky. but that one changed shapes. It never stopped morphing as it moved. I was watching as I drove, and looking at other people in cars to see if anyone else was seeing it, but no one else seemed to. I watched it for about 2 minutes until trees got in the way for 10 or 15 seconds and when I cleared them, it was gone. I wish I had some sort of photo or video image to back up what I am saying today, but alas, I have only my report so what I have done is PHOTOSHOP a shot of the same area I saw them cross, as an example of what I saw today. This looks pretty spot on, except what I saw appeared to be actual lights. I repeat, this is not an actual photo, just one doctored in photoshop as an example. I'd definitely be interested to know if anyone else in the Atlanta area reported anything strange today.

Thank you for your time,
*(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg
