{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-15 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2860,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5483119.json","updb_database_id":5483119}
{nd} Huge dark oval appeared to cover bottom right of moon. Hovered in same spot for well over hour.

I left Charleston on my way to Kingsport, TN. I took 77 south. At approximately 9:45pm, and on a straight stretch of road, I briefly looked up and through my sunroof. I couldn't help but notice a cookie cutter shape cut out from beneath the moon. At first, I thought my eyes were deceiving me, so I shifted my head in case something was on the glass and I continued to see the object. I pulled the car over, (1st of 3 times I pulled off of the road, and stopped. I opened the sunroof and continued to notice the object. I contacted friends and family members near Huntington, WV and also a friend working out of town in DC. I also contacted a friend in Charleston who looked at the moon with his daughter's new high powered telescope and none of them could see the object. This made me think the object was closer to earth than just it had appeared. I attempted to take pictures during the failing light and also later but all I had was a Samsung Galaxy phone and had to rely on digital zoom which is not sharp. I noticed that the object appeared to wash out when I took pictures. I should say the several cars also pulled off the road and were swerving all over the road about 20 minutes after I first noticed the object. It is my opinion that several people were also seeing the object. During the course of an hour, the object appeared to float directly beneath the moon, and slightly rotate at a 7:00 to 2:00 position. Then it eventually returned to where it was originally. I only have one photo that shows something below the moon. I zoomed in and drew a line around it to show you what it looked like. Look for the outline. I must say that it was extremely black and very noticeable during my drive. When I passed out of WV and arrived at Wythville, VA, I changed directions and took route 81, heading West. I noticed that the object disappeared, but only for about 5 minutes. It reappeared for approximately 15 minutes and then disappeared.
