{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-10 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3116,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5471119.json","updb_database_id":5471119}
{dr}I'm a police officer in Lawrence County, Ohio. I witnessed a triangular shaped craft 2 days in a row.

I'm a police officer in Lawrence County, Ohio. I have witnessed a triangle shaped craft 2 days in a row back in the summer of 2016. The craft was very large, had 3 bright white lights, one on each point, as well as a pulsating red light in the center of the craft.

Myself and my girlfriend at the time were traveling eastbound on St Rt 52 towards Chesapeake, OH, to visit her friends who had just got a new house in Chesapeake. I was in the passenger seat of her vehicle. About the time we made it to the South Point, OH, I noticed a large triangular craft hovering about a mile above the Ohio River. As described above, the craft had 3 bright white lights, one on each point, as well as a slowly pulsating red light in the center. The craft was not moving, just hovering and looked to be right above the river, and seemed to be pointing westbound towards Ironton. As we got closer, the craft slowly turned and seemed to be pointing North. The craft hovered there for approx 5-10 seconds before moving slowly North as we passed directly below it, until it went over the hill out of sight. The craft could not have been traveling more than 20mph, and if it was,I would be surprised. This craft is not like anything I had ever seen before, except on UFO TV shows as well as videos on YouTube, so I was really surprised and excited because I had never witnessed one in person before. I had taken pictures of it on my IPhone 6, but no longer use that phone since I switched to the IPhone 7.

The very next night, while with my parents at their friend's residence having a bonfire on their hill which overlooks the city of Ironton, OH, I as well as my parents and their friends witnessed the same craft flying westbound and seemed to be directly over Ironton. This time the craft was not alone. The craft had 2 different pairs of blinking lights trailing behind it, such as you would see on any conventional aircraft. One set of the blinking lights was behind the craft and off the left "point", the other set of blinking was behind and off the right point of the craft, as if they were following it or escorting it. The craft as well as the blinking lights slowly moved across the sky and out of sight.

*Please note the dates I had listed are NOT accurate, these occurrences were around the time of June or July of 2016. Also, if I locate my other phone, I will submit to you all the photos I had taken.*
