{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490119","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2738,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/119/mufon-5490119.json","updb_database_id":5490119}
Roughly 4 large circular beams of light appeared moving over the sky/clouds with varied directional changes.

My father was sitting in our garden when he say the event take place and immediately called me to watch. When i arrived outside I could see around 4 large circular beams of lights passing over the clouds in the sky. It was 9:30pm in London, the sky was black and there were light clouds that the lights 'reflected' on to. Instantly I got my phone out to record the event however, the darkness and lack of camera quality showed barely nothing however, I do believe more could be seen if the videos exposure was increased. 
Myself and family members tried to come up with an explanation of what this could be ie festival lights, lasers etc. However, none were veasable as there was no noise or light source that would occur from a laser being pointed up. I considered the fact that it was VJ Day however no planes were in sight and the event had finished hours before and had not taken place near the site of occurrence. 
The 4 lights were moving around in no particular order and would then join back up together. After dissapearing for a couple of minutes they came shooting back, over the top of my house and repeated the movements across the sky. After a while they gradually dissapeared and I went back inside. Although I found this incident very strange and unusual, I was also extremely intrigued by what this could be and excited at the same time to be able to witness this. I initially wondered could it be to do with the government or was it a real UFO. 
Once I went back inside I immediately checked my phone and Twitter to search up and see if anyone else had witnessed this too. I found that people had also seen it in other parts of the UK such as Kent and Southampton which I found even more intriguing as it was a much broader area. Throughout the night and early hours of the morning people had still been witnessing the lights and tweeting about it which shows that it lasted for a long amount of time.
