{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1965-01-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5179409","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"t2whys","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5179409,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Two Humanoids Approach WitnessFran Ridge:
Jan. 19, 1965; Brand's Flats, VA.
Humanoid beings emerged from landed object at
archery range, approached witness, who froze,
apparently paralyzed (Section XII).

Dan Wilson:
Jan. 19, 1965; Brand's Flats, Virginia
5:40 p.m. William Blackburn, a resident of
Waynesboro, Virginia, was working at the Augusta
County Archery Club off Route 250, near Brand's Flats,
and saw two objects in the sky. One of these UFOs, the
smaller of the two, descended to the ground and landed
approximately 18 yards from the witness. From it
emerged three beings of extraordinary appearance, each
about three feet high. They were dressed in clothes of
the same shiny, peculiar color as the object. One had
an extremely long finger on one hand. The beings' eyes
were particularly penetrating: according to the
witness, "they seemed to look through you." As the
creatures approached the witness, to within 12 yards,
he froze in fright, a double-edged axe in his hand.
After uttering some unintelligible sounds, the beings
turned and reentered the object through a door that
appeared to "mold itself into the ship." The object
then ascended and disappeared. Following the
appearance of Blackburn's account in the local press,
the witness told of being visited by members of a
government agency whom he would not identify, although
he said he was told not to say anything further about
his sighting. In an investigation conducted by Richard
Hall and several NICAP staff members, strong evidence
was found to support the witness' report of being
silenced. In spite of this, the investigators were
able to secure some additional details on the
sighting. The area of the reported sighting is close
to Fishersville, Va., the site of another landing (but
with no reported occupants) which had occurred less
than a month before.

Detailed reports and
documents
newlook/section_VII.htm (NICAP site)
reports/650119brandsflats_report.htm
(Dan Wilson)
