{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-19 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526914","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28748","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3292,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/914/mufon-5526914.json","updb_database_id":5526914}
Editting photos a cigar and sphere shape appear in 1 - only sphere in other

Got home from a photoshoot in the Applegate, photos taken just a few miles south of Ruch, OR at the Longsword Winery and offloaded the images from my camera. As I was going through the images to edit them, I noticed two of the images had anomolies in the background and zoomed in to see what they were. 1 image has a cigar shaped/colored item along with a white opaque sphere. The next image taken perhaps about a second or less later, only shows the sphere. They were south of us in the image in the direction of Mt. Ashland and Applegate Lake (an area known for many yeti sightings - btw).

We were at the Longsword Winery when the pictures were taken facing south toward the California border. There are no other photographs that have these possible UFOs even though I was using the same camera and took many shots facing the same direction over the course of a couple hours that included the sky. It was hazy that day, though a clear sky - bioengineering or chemtrailing - whatever you want to call it was pretty heavy during the late morning/early afternoon.

(About an hour before the images of the objects were taken, I was 5 miles or so closer to where the objects seem to be in the images, taking photos at McKee Bridge. Both of my camera batteries died suddenly within 30 seconds of each other. There are 2 witnesses to that. We left the area so I could find a place to charge the batteries. Once we left the area, I turned the cameras back on and the batteries were showing full charges again.)

I did not notice the objects while in the area. I think the circular polarizer lens on my camera helped block glare from the intense sun and haze, so my camera could see what my eye could not. When I first saw them in the images, I thought the white sphere was a cloud and then when I zoomed in, I saw a shadow, like a sphere would have and it made sense with the direction of the sun. I had also never seen a cloud look what appeared to be perfectly round. Then I checked the image I had taken moments before the one I initially noticed the sphere in and there was what I though looked like a dark line in the sky - stick like. The shutter speed I was using was so fast that it would have photographed a plane clearly and the object is too far away to be a bug or debrie that flew by quickly. Even then, my camera would have showed it more of a see-through blur rather than a solid object.
