{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-30 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463914","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97002","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2952,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/914/mufon-5463914.json","updb_database_id":5463914}
{cak} Driving on HW 24 in the evening. Noticed a bright, disk-shaped object. It started to flash its lights erratically. Oberved for 20 mintues. Object hovered in stationary position.

I was driving home one evening heading West on HW 24 near Lake George, Colorado. The time was approximately 9:00 PM. I noticed a bright, disk-shaped object hovering in the sky above some clouds in the distance. I observed the object for about 10 minutes while driving. The object remained stationary above the clouds and was approximately 1 mile West of my vehicle. I then pulled to the side of the road and got out of my car to observe the craft. As soon as I was outside of my car and observing the craft, it began to flash its lights erratically and seemingly change shape. I observed the craft for about 5 minutes standing on the side of the road by my car. I snapped a few pictures and took a short video. The object continued to hover stationary while flashing its lights rapidly. For some reason, I felt uneasy in the presence of the craft and decided to get back in my car and continue heading West to Hartsel (where I lived at the time). As I continued West the object remained stationary (however the lights were constant and not erratically flashing as they were when I was on the side of the road outside of my car)and eventually I lost sight of the craft once I was on the other side of the clouds. The experience was quite remarkable and yet disturbing as well. I am not exactly sure what I saw that evening, but I am convinced that it was something very strange and likely not of this world. Earlier that day I had a discussion with my co-worker Daniel. He told of some UFO experiences that he had earlier in his life. I told Dan that I had never seen a UFO before or experienced a sighting of any kind. Interestingly enough, that very evening I encountered a UFO.
