{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-24 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501914","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57112","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/914/mufon-5501914.json","updb_database_id":5501914}
{dr}It appeared to be thin oval. Looked like it was hanging in the sky and was moving in a moderately slow path from the south to the north. It was much slower than any meteorite, very much closer to earth than any satellite. It glowed white was silent.

I was out on may 24th 2014 viewing the meteor shower. Shortly after 3am this brilliant white glowing oval appeared in the sky south & east of my position at somewhere near 25-30 degrees above the horizon. It appeared to be hanging in the sky with the edges of the slim oval pointing up and down, it made me feel as if it was attached to something above it But that was only an impression. It was moving in a direction from south to north. It was moving at a rate of speed much less than any traffic would move past. It was moving much slower than any meteorite could have moved. It was closer to the earth than any satellite could have possibly been. There are some very tall trees in my yard east of where I was and it was just above them. I lost sight of it when it went far enough to the north that it went behind the tree line 800 to 1000 feet north of where I was. The whole sighting was about 30-40 seconds. It was completely silent and it was glowing brilliant white. It could not have been reflecting from the sun or moon as they were not in the right positions to reflect on the side of it that was facing me. At first I didn't know what it could be and I went through my mind trying to come up with possible things it could be. Nothing fit what was happening. When I finally decided it must be a UFO I was a little afraid and hoped it would keep moving. It shook me up enough that I didn't want to talk about it for a few days and I search youtube for anything that looked like it. I only found 1 or 2 possible UFO videos that may be the same shape and size. As far as size I can't say for sure how big it was because I have no clue how far it really was away from me. I am now fairly convinced that it was a real UFO. I wish I had had a camera or some sort of recorder with me to capture it on film but I didn't. I am an artist so I suppose I could draw it or paint it. 
Maybe I will some day, it will be burned into my memory for a long time!
