{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-19 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517914","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2426,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/914/mufon-5517914.json","updb_database_id":5517914}
{nd} I observed a large t-shape object that appearred to have blinking green and red lights. I thought wow, those are really bright port and starboard running lights but soon saw the blueish white lights and the shape of the object.

I was on my way home from work and remembered I needed to pick up my prescription at CVS when I observed a large t-shape object that appearred to have blinking green and red lights. I thought wow, those are really bright port and starboard running lights. I soon saw the blueish white lights and the shape of the object and realized it was hovering. The light sequence was as follows: green, red, blueish white, blueish white, green and back to red. Then the blueish white lights remained stationary for a few seconds before they began to twinkle. It also had what appeared to be long beacon antennas from each end of the points of the T. The large T-shaped object ascended straight up and then moved across to my right in such a straight angle that I thought how could something so large do that? There also appeared to be multiple levels that could be visibly seen due to the multiple lights spread throughout this object. When I first observed this object it appeared over buildings and homes but when it moved, it appearred to be hovering over another freeway I-635 (Dallas/Garland area of the freeway). I kept checking on the object as I continued onto my destination and lost sight of it. I retrieved my prescription and returned home wondering about what it was that I had seen. The next morning I told my husband about it and he believed I had seen a UFO. My husband is very level headed and advised me to let it sink in, wait a few days and check to see if anyone else had reported anything. There was another person who reported seeing something. However, our accounts on the object are different.
