{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-01-18 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458914","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4267,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/914/mufon-5458914.json","updb_database_id":5458914}
{jpg} two 5' grey and reddish/brown child like creatures

On 18 January 1978, on the border of Fort Dix and McGuire AFB, just off of Texas Ave in Fort Dix, on the way to an area called Freedom Ridge. The place where soldiers display military operations for basic trainees and VIPs get to observe military displays. On the 18th of January 1978, I was a soldier(Medic) that covered the ranges throughout Fort Dix and other areas of Fort Dix. I had an assistant driver to the ambulance vehicle, who was at that time a Sgt Carlos Smith, a native Panamanian American, as a supervisor. That night We were going to relieve the first shift at Freedom Ridge, and travelled via Texas Ave to the point where We would turn on range road, then go straight to Freedom Ridge. That's when I saw the crafts flying around and I informed the Sgt. That didn't go well, since He was super-superstitious about these things, so He instructed Me to keep straight to the F. Ridge and not stop. I maneuvered and parked. Soon after I heard a couple of shots. I left the vehicle to the dismay of the Sgt. I wasn't scared at all. Then I saw the craft and at the same time heard, then saw military vehicles, along with civilian police cars, which weren't suppose to be on post. I was now on the fence between Bases and observed an entity crossing the fence, maybe through some opening, not sure. All I know was that now we were face to face. Then I felt the anxiety of the entity, and what was happening mentally from it. I had the feeling it was running from someone and trying to return to its craft. It impressed the urgency it had to return with others that were around chasing it, trying to harm it. While this was going on, I remained in contact with the My Sgt of the happenings. Only to find out that He was just sitting there in a blank scare forward. I would turn back to the entity every once in a while, to keep both within sight. It seemed like the entity wanted to impart on Me the urgency of its survival. Mentally, I think it was communicating with Me. I could almost see everything that was going on through its thoughts. There was a tremendous commotion going on in McGuire AFB, with MP vehicles driving erratically Fast, up and down the airfield too. 
  You see, I'm the rest of the story never told on that day, that became the Fort Dix/McGuire AFB Flap/Incident. It's been a mystery since, that they never asked about My side, and I did report it the next morning, even though My Sgt kept insisting not to do nothing , especially report it. He was still very frightened. A matter of fact, that night when We finally got to Freedom Ridge, beside being late, which is another story, He had a severe headache all night, until He finally passed out on His cot. The soldiers waiting to be relieved were angry about us getting late, because we got there after 11:30, when we were supposed to get there around 7 or so, yet it was around 11:30, but Our watches reflected about 7:30 or so. We lost time somewhere, which only made the Sgt and the other NCOs very angry, because they didn't appreciate the lateness and wasn't excepting excuses. I had a clue of what may have happened , missing time. 
 The story I'm telling You has been sent several times throughout the passed 40 years, without anyone ever asking for My side of the story. Why? I don't know.
 Strangely enough, I didn't know anyone else had experienced on the Air Force side this exact situation , until approximately the mid 80s when I read a report in another UFO site, which made Me glad to know it had happened, which vindicated Me as well. That's why I said this is the rest of the story, like Paul Harvey used to say.
