{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-24 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519914","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36712","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3344,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/914/mufon-5519914.json","updb_database_id":5519914}
Light appears star-like, but larger, much brighter, dims, disappears, and pulses a bright white again. Does not move with the other stars, but rather randomly.

I was cooking dinner this evening when my husband came inside telling me to come out and look up at the sky. At first I thought it had to be Venus because of its location in the sky to the left of our front porch, but it was pulsing randomly, getting extremely bright and then fading away to blackness before coming up again. There were storms off to the front of the house in the distance, and the sky in the area of the light was relatively clear, with some patchy clouds passing over. The light was so bright that it had no problems shining straight through the clouds where the stars around it appeared dim and were covered completely when the clouds passed over. I also noticed a couple of times that as it grew brighter, there seemed to be projections that came off of it. It looked a lot like the plumes you might see coming up off of the sun, so I thought for sure it had to be some celestial/planetary body and the reason for the pulsing was because of atmospheric disturbances. I stayed out on my front porch watching it for some time while my husband took some 30-second time lapse shots on his Nikon D80. At one point, a plane passed above the object. There were definitely no other lights on the light I was seeing as on a plane. The orb was definitely a ways off, but its position was well above the trees where I could see it clearly. It kept pulsing that way for a while before I went back inside. About 20-30 minutes later I got curious and went back out to find that it was gone. I called my husband out and as we stood looking for it, we realized that it wasnt gone. It had simply moved to a new location. It was now just visible through the top of the big pine tree to the left of our house. It had previously been well above the top of that tree and was perceptibly moving around. This was when I really started to wonder exactly what it could be...I havent gone back out to see if it is there or whether or not it has simply moved, but Im wondering if there is anyone else in our area who saw it as well. Maybe its a meteor given the fact that it moved to another location? Im really not sure. Cant say for sure that its intelligent, but its definitely strange.

You can zoom in on the photo and see that the trail of the object does not move in the same direction as the stars around it. The trail actually changes direction in many of the photos that were taken, this was just a sample shot. I hope to get more of them side by side so that the movements might be tracked.
