{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-26 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26913","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5750,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5528652.json","updb_database_id":5528652}
bright orange sphere

I was in bed looking North East over the St. Claire River toward Canada. It was about 2 in the morning and I was next to my boyfriend. I am familiar with the skyline and the stars, and spend a lot of time with my nexstar telescope looking at the sky from this exact location. I was surprised to see, however, that there was what at first appeared to be a really large star where there had never been one before. It was bright orange, round, and very large though I could tell from the horizon and the Island that it was pretty far away from us. At least a few miles off.

I asked my boyfriend if he saw it and he said that he did. At first I thought maybe it could be a star or a planet, because sometimes they appear quite large. However both my boyfriend and i agreed that it was too big and way too bright to be a planet. I stared at it with him for at least two minutes, and during that time the orange sphere hovered, then moved up and then down and then slightly up toward the south east direction, then stopped and hovered again. 

At this point i was pretty frightened, so I ran to get my brothers. They came to the window and we all watched it, where it hovered for a moment and then took off moving up into the air while racing towards the south east corner of the sky until it disappeared behind the clouds. It moved faster than any flying object that I have ever seen, and it made absolutely no noise. One of my brothers was particularly unnerved by how silent the craft was, especially because it moved so fast. 

The appearance was not like a fireball. Ive never believed in UFOs or UFO sightings, but after we saw this we did some research into similar sightings. Unlike most others that see an orange ball, the sphere that i saw DID NOT seem to be on fire or anything like that. It didn't spark or change color either. Instead, the sphere we saw was very bright, orange, and consistent in its brightness. It was circular, and seemed to have relatively defined edges, though it was really far away. It was the weirdest, creepiest thing I have ever seen. 

After it sped away, and disappeared, it did not come back. But some weird things started happening after it was gone, on the canadian side across the river. First, the wind picked up like crazy, blowing from the North East/ East toward the South West/West and it was blowing so hard that our windows were rattling in the wind. The wind actually made waves appear on the river.

Also, after the sphere sped off, a bunch of strange white lights began to blink on and off across the inland area of the canadian inland that we can see from the window. they looked like those lights on towers that blink to warn airplanes, but they were much shorter and the light was WHITE not red. The canadian area is an Indian Reservation and the part of the reservation where the lights were blinking is only sparsely inhabited and mostly just used for fishing and hunting (the residents live elsewhere on as it is a really big area). I didn't even know there were lights on that part of the reservation to blink, as I have never seen them before (and I have been living in the area for 18 years).

Even weirder, downriver a spotlight or flood light kept flashing from what appeared to be a boat out on the water. I looked through binoculars but could not tell if the light was from a boat on the water or from a house that is right on the river's edge on the canadian shore further to the south east. THe light blinked on and off sporadically with no discernible pattern. I have never seen anything like it, though i think i should mention that we are relatively near to Selfridge Air Force Base. Mind you, this was thanksgiving and it was 2 in the morning, and it was freezing cold outside. 

Lastly, and it was my boyfriend who pointed this out, there was a weird absence of freighters before and after the appearance and disappearance of the sphere. Typically, a lot of freighters come by on the St Claire River, even in November (they don't usually stop running, if ever, until January or until the ice is too thick). They come by on average every 15 minutes to 30 minutes. Thanksgiving evening, just a few hours before the sighting, had been particularly busy with freighters and I remember that because my cousin kept calling out every time a freighter went by all throughout Thanksgiving dinner and into the evening. However, from 130 am to at least 30-40 minutes after the sighting (roughly 3 am or 3:10 am), not a single freighter, or any boat went by. We fell asleep around 3 and so there may not have been another freighter for an even longer period, though i can't confirm that.

I have never never seen anything like this before. I was so freaked out, i had to take a sleeping pill to actually go to sleep. I know that i am not crazy or imagining things though, because my brothers saw it and my boyfriend did too. In the morning, we looked up UFO Thanksgiving 2010 on youtube and someone from Portland Oregon posted a video of a sphere very similar to what we saw the same night, all the way across the United States in Michigan. The coincidence is uncanny.
