{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-04-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5291652.json","updb_database_id":5291652}
UFO over M6 motorway, UK, 1995

In 1995 I returned from a horseshow near Birmingham with H. T. M. and his daughter B M. H.T. was driving his Landrover Defender direction North back to Leek in Staffordshire via the M6. 

As is customary in England we drove on the left lane, with cars overtaking on the right. It was about 9:20pm and we were doing the top speed of the Landrover, about 70 mph, to get home quickly. 

Suddenly I noticed a saucer shaped object in the sky from where I was sitting, the left back bench of the Landrover. On the opposite bench Blythe was sitting. I said "Look at that!", and pointed to the object. I took a few moments before I realized that I had my camera in a bag with me.

The carrier bag was on the floor between the two benches and I quickly unzipped it. The camera was a Canon A1 with a very light sensitive and expensive 50mm f1.2 lens, loaded with ISO400 Ilford XP2 Black & White film. 

I took the first shot, frame 7 on the film roll. I had a feeling that it didn't come out in focus and immediately wanted to take a follow up shot. But a black van pushed itself between us and the UFO. I figured it couldn't take too long before it overtook us and kept me camera ready. The time seemed to stretch into eternity.

After what seemed like 30-40 seconds the UFO was visible again. In my calculations for the triangulation I adjusted this time interval to 10 - 15 seconds, as that seems a more plausible duration. After the van had passed the object was much more to our right.

I took the second shot, frame 8. I had wanted to take a third shot, but the object rapidly became smaller and turned into a pinsized speck before disappearing in the rear window.

The Canon A1 was on automatic. This means that the diaphragm was at f-stop 1.2, exposure time maybe 1/30 sec. 

I had maybe 1-2 minutes from the moment when I first saw the object, got the camera out and took 2 photographs, until the object disappeared.

I was fairly excited to have photographed the object and handed the film in for development the next working day. After two weeks it came back. To my disappointment the small prints didn't show much of the disc, in my recollection and in reality the object had been a lot clearer and more spectacular.

So, I filed the negatives away, together with the rest of the film roll, threw out the prints, and forgot about this incident for a full 25 years, without a hint of recollection. 

Me and my friend B. lost contact in about 1999 and it was with shock that I found out in April this year 2020 that she had passed away at the age of 27 in 2002.

In April I also found the UFO negatives in a drawer. I don't understand why I completely forgot them. I'm even on record saying that I've never seen a UFO since the Salthill UFO sighting in 1986, MUFON Case 82139, let alone having a picture of one.

Picture 1: 
The UFO is clearly defined. A dome appears to be protruding from the bottom. Due to the relatively long exposure the object appears as a streak. This is due to camera shake during the long exposure, exacerbated by the Landrover Defender going full speed and trembling. 

One could argue that the object is a reflection of the street lamps, especially the ones below and to the right of the UFO. Closer examination of the streetlamps shows that their size and form does not resemble the shape and size of the object.

It is not a window reflection. A 50mm lens at f-stop 1.2 set to a focus at infinity does not show any detail in car windows at a distance of 1.5 - 2 meters, because of the depth of field. Likewise, it is not a bug on the windscreen, for the same reason - also, the object is bright, which dead bugs on a windscreen aren't. The van driving past our Landrover Defender prevented me for a while to take the second shoot, because it blocked the view of the object. 

A black cab car is in front of us on the right side of the motorway lane divider.

Picture 2:
After about 10 seconds () the van had passed us. The black cab is nearer to us and the object appears to be a bit further away. I took the second exposure. 

In the second picture the black cab car rear lights are streaking vertical, indicating a vertical camera shake. The UFO also streaks vertical. 

At the same time, car headlights moving towards us are horizontal streaks, because of their greater velocity. 

The top and bottom of the object retain the saucer shape.
Soon after the UFO disappeared from view.

---

Since my rediscovery of the film I have joined MUFON-CES and tried to analyze the two photos to the best of my ability. I don't think that I saw a blimp. It was too large and homogeneous. If anything, the shape resembles more the UFO from my sighting in 1986, MUFON Case 82139.

t've compared the UFO shape to blimp models from 1995 (N2022B American Blimp Corp A60+ Lightship) but cannot find a sufficient resemblance. The diameter and speed of the UFO are speculative, based on my triangulation of two image frames. I'm not a image analyst, so I would be interested to hear if my estimates are feasible.

I would be very happy to have a case number assigned to this sighting.

Sincerely, 
Erich Habich-Traut
