{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24821","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5530652.json","updb_database_id":5530652}
UFOs all over my area, and nobody seems to care.

I filmed 8-hours of unusual lights close by where I live between 2003 to 2005. They appeared every night from dusk til around 10:00 PM. They are still here, as pure white lights that flare out then within a minute disappear into another dimension. Some of the photos I sent you before show this, as the white objects look partial. I have seen other types of lighted objects, but not as plentiful as the others mentioned above. These lights hover at about 100 feet high then they disappear straight up into outer space at the speed of light. A couple of years ago one of these lights was coming down the street towards me and my friend who were enjoying the night air in front of a restaurant. The object was moving at about 2 mph, and about 20 feet high. It was traveling in a swaying motion. When it was 50 feet from us I noticed it had a small red light. Then it started slowly moving upward, and to our left. It stopped 100 feet high over a plant farm then it disappeared straight up into outer space at the speed of light. May I mention I encountered grey aliens one night filming an orb. When I stopped filming it I turned around, and saw a big round white light about 50 feet from me. It was about 4 feet from the ground. I said, "What the hell is that?" And I started filming it. Then it slowly rose higher, and as was filming I sensed a strong telepathic presence all around me, except for the middle of my back. It was even on my face. Then somehow I could see into the object. There were 3 greys in it with egg shaped eyes. 2 were workers, and the one was a doctor. I believe the doctor was colored black, and the 2 workers gray. They were looking at me in a small monitor. The doctor said, "What is he doing?" Then I stopped filming watching the object rise up higher. When the object was about 200 feet high it stopped and hovered. Then when it started going again the doctor said, "He's not doing anything." As I zoomed in on it and filmed the object changed to an umbrela looking object, and I got a glimps of it having a round bottom. It is very hard to film steadily at that distance especially when zooming.

About 4 years ago I discovered 7 small dots on my left arm. They form a perfect cross; the Little or Big Dipper and 5 perfect triangles. I have no idea where they came from. But when I first saw them I completely freaked.

Also I saw 3 Bell Orbs at night. They are bell shaped, and emit all different colored light. One color after another. They traveled at 1/2 to 2 mph. I saw of them just outside my bedroom window at night within this year. The other one I saw years ago in my area across a main street in a parking lot.

May I report this? On 7-11-10 at 11:25 PM I heard a loud high pitched sound in my bedroom. It lasted for about 3 minutes when finally it slowly faded out. Like an object outside was slowly moving away. The next morning I saw on my calculator in my living room: -PPP1000000 to the 14th power. I did not write that, and according to the CASIO manufacturer there is no way my calculator could have defaulted. Then 2 mornings after there was another code on it to the 81st power. Since then nothing.

Thank you for your time, and the wonderful opportunity to report my stuff.
