{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-22 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120798","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4782,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5282652.json","updb_database_id":5282652}
5 white reflective UFOS in formation

As the objects seemed high in the sky to me approximately 20k feet my guess based on observing planes and drones, and initially before I started recording the objects were much further away giving me a little more mental estimation of altitude I recommend you view the file on a large TV to really see the details.

caveats to the video and me.
back during the time I shot this video I was involved in the rc hobby of building and flying drones, small foam planes, and I actually got them to be very sophisticated for the time. I mention this as if someone was investigating me would likely consider that a conflict of interest as if I had hoaxed the video. This is purely coincidence. The video is of genuine UFO’s and I do not believe they were hobby based drones and they certainly were not mine. 

Additionally I have editing and special effects skills and used to work for Disney studios before I went full time with my company which has nothing to do with editing or special effects. I say this as someone could investigate me and think because of this I hoaxed the video.
When my kids and I saw the UFO’s and recorded the video, my instinct was to use it to shamelessly promote my company, so the youtube version which is highly edited and manipulated was to promote my company. The manipulation were things like changing contrast, slowing the footage at times, nothing that hoaxed the video but just manipulation to make it easier to see.

There is a part in the video where my daughter says "It looks like they are getting closer now.” The objects were getting closer before they changed course but I am zooming in with my phone Samsung galaxy note 5 digital zoom at the same time as she says they are getting closer, this is coincidence, meaning they were getting closer/ coming down towards us dropping altitude but I also was zooming in.

My daughters and I went to this park often because it was next to our condo. This day there were many people at the park but we were the only ones who noticed. As a dad I like to have the girls and I lay on our backs and look at clouds and say what the clouds look like, or remind us of. This day there were no clouds but out of habit and I suppose just to relax I had the girls and I do the same thing but the sky was perfectly blue 0 clouds. 
Off in the distance I could see something shiny in the sky, at times it seemed less shiny and more like black. Initially or for the first minute or so I just assumed a cluster of balloons high in the sky, but as they got closer I could see a > shape approaching directly towards us. Straight line approach until almost directly overhead. The objects were in lock step with each other and moved as 1 unit basically until they got directly overhead. You can see this in the file before I zoom if you are seeing the downloaded file but the youtube version has too much compression to resolve this. After I started shooting the objects appeared to speed up and head east but nothing impressive in terms of speed except for the parts where you can see the objects re configure their pattern. I show this part slowed down on the YouTube version. I recommend you view that part multiple times and see their reconfiguring. It looked to my eye that 3 of the objects started to orbit the other 2 objects all while the the 5 objects move to together as a whole. It's been said that what we saw were birds but although its true birds can fly at 20k feet these did not look or act or move like birds to me but who knows. My guess military drones.

Unfortunately this youtube video is not as clear as the original file I have uploaded to MUFON. I highly recombine you view the original file uploaded to MUFON and view it on a large screen TV 55" or larger to get a better understanding of what you are looking at.
https://youtu.be/A-MgnR0F1Fo
My instincts all these years later is military drones of some sort. But the way they moved as a whole and yet 3 of the objects moving around the other 2 make me wonder if this could be something else.
