{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-15 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75166","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3109,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5484652.json","updb_database_id":5484652}
glowing pulsating object traveling at a fast rate well in earths atmosphere

It was clear, warm August evening approximately 10 at night. There was still a little light on the horizon. I stepped outside on the deck for a cigarette and looked into the sky like I often do. I scanned the eastern horizon above the mountain's and watched an aircraft fly over the mountain traveling north. That's when I focused in on a star or what I thought was a star after the plane had passed it. I continued to watch the star as it seemed quit bright and it oddly flashed (pulsated). It was not long before I realized it was not a star at all but a moving object. I ran inside to grab my cell phone and went back out to record it. I have about a minute of it traveling across the sky. I took my eyes off the object for a moment to take a step down the stairs and when I looked back it was gone. I continued to search for it for several minutes without any luck. There was no other stars in the sky at that point. I have seen many satellite's in my life and can 100% say it was not a satellite or plane. It had no flashing beckon like planes do and it was traveling much to fast not to mention it was pulsating.
I also have witnessed something else I think is interesting. I down loaded the google moon app not to long ago. I was searching the vas landscape when I came upon a crater that has what very much looks like a massive structure inside. It has all the characteristics of a building. With also a plume of smoke ascending from what looks like a chimney of a house. I took a close up screen shot of the structure and a screen shot from the regular view before zooming in. Everyone I have shown the screen shot to sees exactly what I see without me telling them what I think it is. When I tell them it is a screen shot from google moon they are astonished. 
 I was not sure what to do with tis information and have wondered if anyone else has come across the structure. I have looked into the subject and found out there has been a lot of evidence about structures on the moon. So I decided to document my information with Mufon. 
 The images of both the moon and video of the ufo are on my phone. I am using my computer to submit this. I personally think both the image and video are amazing and if anyone from Mufon would like to view it please contact me as I do not know how to attach if from my phone to my computer, I am not computer savy in any way. 

Thank you for reading my testimony.

[Name removed/cms/tg]
