{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-03 21:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37124","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4072,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5519652.json","updb_database_id":5519652}
One orb moved swiftly and silently across the night sky. Half across the horizon the orb split into two identical orbs and then shot off into the sky and dissapeared from sight.

I had just left my house to take my dogs to the dog park down the road at 9:15pm. As I left the drive way I called my dad. The dogs leashes got tangled a couple feet away from the driveway so I stopped to untangle them. The moment I finished untangling them I looked up into the sky and that's when I seen the first orb coming across the sky from the south at 9:21pm. You could tell the orb was solid but it was also semi translucent and very dark compared to the rest of the evening sky. 
There was two very small red/orange lights in the center of the orb. The lights didn't give off any glare or shine in any direction, it was a self contained light right in the center. 
As the orb passed right above my dogs and I, it split into two identical orbs; when this happened I lost my phone call to my dad. They were the exact same size as before and as each other, they both had the two small red/orange lights in the center of them. 
They continued into the northeast direction, they traveled faster then any conventional aircraft I have ever seen before. When they were 3/4 the way across the sky they speed off into the horizon and disappeared from sight, there was a flash of white light as the orbs picked up speed and vanished. Just as they speed off a plane flew right into there previous pathway from the north. Two minutes after they had disappeared a black helicopter flew across the exact same pathway as the orbs from the northeast to the south at approx. the same elevation as the orbs as well. 
My dogs even watched the orbs go across the sky as it happened, they got excited and wanted to chase the orbs when they speed off and vanished from sight. The moment I lost sight of them I called my dad back and told him what happened.
He was surprised, excited, and wanted to know all about it. My dad has always been a believer that we are not alone in the universe and I have always shared this belief with him.
When I had first seen the orb I knew right away what it was, I had no doubts in my mind. I have never actually seen a UFO that looked like this before nor have I heard anyone describe one like this before.
I always observe the skies when I am out and about and I have seen many anomalous activities in the skies over the years, day or night, however it has been years since I have seen a UFO so close to me. 
Yes, I have seen a UFO close up before; when I was very young I seen a huge UFO stop and hover above me and then take off quickly. However that UFO years ago was much different then this one and made a slight hum sound and encompassed the entire sky it was so close to me.
I got excited when I seen the first orb since it has been years since I had seen a UFO so close up. Ever since my first encounter with UFO's I was hooked and I couldn't take my eyes of the skies hoping to catch another glimpse of something unusual. 
The orbs remained in sight for 2 minutes but those 2 minutes seemed like an eternity and I got a very good look at them. The image of them is burned into my memory. I keep replaying the events in my mind and everything is so clear. As I kept walking with my dogs I kept watching the sky closely to see if they would appear again but they did not. If I do see them again I will post again :) 
I wish I had a camera to take a video or picture..
