{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-05 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55276","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5503652.json","updb_database_id":5503652}
{nd} Fleet sighting during NASCAR race, in my back yard. Starte as red lights, turned into multiple, unlit objects

At approximately 11pm, I stepped out into my back yard to take the dogs out to do their business. I live in a community that it very close to, due west of the Texas Motor Speedway. I looked in the direction of TMS and noticed, at least, a dozen red lights moving from east to west, very slowly, and by my estimation, flying directly over the TMS. As they moved closer, the red lights faded out, completely. At first, I thought they were disappearing into the clouds, but I witnessed several fade where there were no clouds to obscure them. I took my dogs back inside and put on a jacket (it was cold) and came back out. There were now another dozen, or so red lights, moving in the same path as the first ones I saw. They, too, faded and became virtually invisible at about a 45-50 degree angle from my vantage point. I tried filming them on my phone camera, as well, and did get some of the lights, but they just look like lights. Anyway, I began to scan above me and to my right to see if I could spot them without lights. At this point, the low hanging clouds were lit up from the neighborhood street lights and I spotted the dark underside (unlit) of a disk shaped object as it flew silently, and very low, in a continued path to the west. As it faded out of view, I spun back towards the speedway to see that the red lights continued to show up and along the same description as the other 'waves'. I continued to visually scan all around me and spotted to other moving objects. One was disk shaped, much like the first on I spotted, but much higher. I saw this one through a break in the clouds and it was kind of glowing dimly and white. The third object was the oddest. It was dark and I could only see it because of the light on the clouds (like the first one), but this one was VERY close and descending into what I would guess to be one block over. This object was square in shape any perfectly silent. I did not see it ascend, at all. I could not get to the location as the houses in the neighborhood share fences where our back yards all meet. I was afraid I would miss it if I tried to circle the block. There were several more lights, fading red to invisible, but they eventually stopped showing up in the skies. I'm guessing that I was outside witnessing this for nearly 2 hours.

I should note that there are several airports nearby and very frequent air traffic, as a result. The planes are a regular enough occurace that there are almost always planes in the air. however, they are easily identified, very visible, and the sounds that go along with them are also heard all the time. I even saw several planes during this event that I'm almost certain would have seen these objects, too.

The objects that witnessed made no sounds at any time. They never blinked, made sudden movements, but obviously under intelligent control. The recordings on my phone do not catch any "smoking gun" footage, but you can definitely hear my voice shaking in awe and nervousness as I tried to catch them. All considered,between lights and the three more solid appearing objects, I estimate that I saw between 30 and 50!

I have been scouring the internet for the past two days looking for other witnesses to this, with no luck so far.
