{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-02-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5451652.json","updb_database_id":5451652}
Large rectangular, loud engine noise, windows were rattling, bright white lights all around the perimeter of the craft. Lights rotated around.

Very rural maine town. My mother and I were woken in the night by a loud engine noise rumbling from the north west. My mother came to my room and we looked out my bedroom window. I was 12 years old. There was a large dark squareish object seeming to be following the power line towards our house. It was not like a jet in thrust but was as loud and the windows were rattling as this thing approached. It was about a half a mile away when we first saw it above the trees. 
As it approached it we had to move to my west facing windows to keep it in sight. It was that close and low. We were at one point looking directly at it maybe within 100 ft from us. We then moved to my mother's room facing west, then north as it proceeded along our tree line, over the neighbors house, and seemingly following the power line. It started to descend. My mother was scared it was about to crash. As it got to the level of the trees the loud engine noise stopped. Silence. We had been shouting to each other up to this point just to be heard. It was as if it was crashing through the trees but did not disturb them. It was easily twice the length of the trees height, I'd estimate the trees to be 50 or 60' at their tallest. It seemed to just slip into a hole in the woods at the edge of our horse pasture. No crashing or anything. Just silence and slipped into the ground. That was the scariest part. My mother called the airport or the Air National Guard Base in Bangor and they said there were no flights in our area. For the next few months maybe longer I was obsessed with "threes", doing very obsessive compulsive things in sequences of three. I talked a bit with my school counselor after and stopped the behavior. Very weird.
