{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-23 16:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5042,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5454652.json","updb_database_id":5454652}
{cak} Spotted 3 UFOs on overcast day

It took me a while to write this from my phone. Please...read it. 🙏🏻

I was with the other witnesses at their home, standing in the driveway with my two friends, Justis and Xavier. We were having a discussion while Xavier's parents were carrying on a discussion -- Jim was playing with an RC drone while he was talking with her. He actually spotted them first and pointed them out to me. Out of my peripheral, I noticed him drop his drone into his hand from where he was having it hover above him and he pointed up, saying "What the **** is that??" I looked over at him, and instantly I replied "What the **** is what??" I rushed over and he pointed again, "That!" he said. And there it was. A black orb, floating high in the sky, just below the clouds. It was overcast, but still bright enough to see very clearly. No rain, just enough silver-gray clouding to block out the sun directly.

I honestly couldn't believe it. Jim and I went through the possibilities, getting the things that it definitely WASN'T out of the way. Not a airplane. Airplanes aren't round, black, don't hover, and don't distort the air around themselves. Not a helicopter. Helicopters, even at that height, you would have been able to distinguish a tail rotor. This thing had no distinguishable features relating to a manmade aircraft. 

And just when I thought it couldn't get any better, two more of them just manifested on either side of this object. They slowly moved into a triangular formation, and then began to slowly move in a wave pattern. During this wave pattern, the one furthest to the left, leading the wave, broke away from the other two. Once that happened, the other two moved back to their positions of the initial triangular formation, and the stray slowly moved back. 

While they were moving, you could tell that they weren't just orbs. They weren't simply spherical. As they moved in their wave pattern, I noticed edges through the distortions of their...presence. If you took a ball, and turned it on a vertical axis, would you see any edges? No, and yet I did. I could occasionally make out at least two different edges on each object while they moved in their wave pattern. That doesn't even make sense!!! 😱🤯

The way they moved was unnaturally smooth. Like, if you took a laser pointer and slowly moved it along your wall. Like that, but BLACK. I've been told by some that what I'm describing is a 4th dimensional object, which makes sense as to why I could barely understand what I was seeing, and why my phone couldn't see it at all.

Jim's wife, Jonna, upon seeing the first orb, said "I didn't see that," and went back inside. 🙄

Yeah, so at this point Xavier and I had pulled out our phones and tried to get visual evidence as soon as the first one appeared. Video recordings. Photos. They wouldn't show up on either of our cameras. We could CLEARLY see them with our naked eye, but our smartphone cameras could not. Not a single picture that I took could they be seen in. That video was a little shorter than five minutes. 

After they re-established their triangular formation, one of them vanished, and I could see THROUGH the clouds, what looked like a short bright trail, like a shooting star -- but somehow visible through overcast clouds in the late afternoon of the day. The second did the same shortly after, and then the third disappeared, but reappeared shortly after, and then disappeared again, but there was no trail after it vanished. 

I have my suspicions and theories about what the **** we saw that day, but I honestly have no idea what was REALLY happening. It's the only sighting I've had my entire life. I'm now 23 years old.

Unfortunately, the video that I took was on an Android that was stolen from me, and about a year after I uploaded the video to my Facebook account, I deleted it. The only physical evidence that MIGHT remain of this encounter would be on one of Xavier's old phones, and I doubt he kept it. We're not even friends anymore. 

But, if not for those four other witnesses, I wouldn't believe what had happened, because I was messed up on drugs.

Still, I hope this helps. It feels great knowing that I finally reported it to some people who care.

(If you have any questions or would like to contact me, you can reach me at [link removed]
***
Keep your eyes to the skies. Never know what you'll see!

[name removed]
