{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-18 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62740","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2373,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5496652.json","updb_database_id":5496652}
Reflected Sun-light, ejected small objects and changed a little light below it from Red to Green to Blue.

I was looking around the city with my father (since I live in a high place I can see a huge part of it from here), and even though it was already 6:00 PM at the time it was still almost as bright as a day can be (Summer Time), when he saw a strangely bright light in the sky and showed me, amazed. I tought it was just a star, but after some seconds I remind myself that stars don't stand below clouds, so it couldn't be one. we were thinking it was maybe a plane, but planes can't stand still. And an helicopter can't fly so high, but if it do fly so high they are not that silent. Then, that light got just a little closer and bigger. Looking closely, we noticed that was probably a metallic object reflecting Sun light, and this is why it was shining through the blue sky. Suddenly, it started moving around, and some very little shining objects came out of it, flying very fast but still in weird, curvy directions. This is when the main object got a red glow right below it, the star-like shine still being the main color though. Then red became green. And green became just a blue that was brighter than the sky. At this moment, I tried to take a picture/film it, but I am pretty bad at cameras and the image got no focus, so the image was blur and we couldn't see the object. This repeated for about one minute, red to green, to blue, to red, and then it slowly went up away, through the clouds, and finally disappeared after fading away. We couldn't really understand what that was and stayed there for some time, waiting to see if it would come back, but nothing happened. In the end, looking at it made me dizzy, probably because of trying to see the little fast objects.
