{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15238","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5547652.json","updb_database_id":5547652}
Looking way up in dark sky saw a bright craft zooming very fast in a circular kind of swerving back and forth motion, and at one point I saw it from a side angle and it was thin and curved like a frisby shape.

Before I describe what I saw in August near Squamish ,BC, let me explain what happened earlier 
that year in Missoula Montana. I have been interested in watching shows on UFOS and looking at Videos on You tube of possible UFOS, but until August 2008, I have never seen one personally before. In a few videos I have seen- like the ones from the US space station- I noticed how they were very bright and can appear and disappear. So I have been looking up at stars and watching for winking etc. 
One night in Missoula, MT in June or July 2008, I was having a few beers and relaxing and looking up at the sky, I saw a bright light moving across the sky like the bright headlight of an airplane/jet. But there where no blinking red lights at the back like they usually have. All of a sudden the light goes out. I told my self, well it was probably a plane and they went behind a cloud or something. But a few minutes later or maybe even a half an hour later a very bright light- in the same part of the sky I had seen the previous light- blinked on then off, then on then off again and then was gone. It was vert bright. I wondered to myself, hmm, was that possibly something more than an aircraft. But I wasn't convinced enough one way or the other. But it got my attention.
Later that summer in August (2008) I was camping at a public camping site( I forget the name) near Squamish , BC. It's one or two exits out of town when going North, you make a left and then drive down a road and you can park your car or set up a tent. It was about ten or eleven PM. I was having a few beers and sitting in my lawn chair gazing at the stars. I was looking way up at the stars and trying to see if any of them were winking on and off , trying to see if any of the stars were acting in a different manner than usual, I was toying with the idea that I was seeing stationary craft and was counting them off, when I saw it. Way up there, It was a glowing white light like the white glow that a full moon gives off. It was weaving back and forth in tight circular motions very fast. At one moment, I could see it from the side and it was thin and curved like a bent plate or a frisby shape. I now have no doubt I have seen a UFO. It was not just a bright light in the sky. I saw this thing really doing fast weaving manuvers and I saw it from the side glowing white (like a Full moon) but thin and curved. I have seen one video on You Tube of a craft that was flying just like this one and it was bright also, but the you tube video was taken in the daylight. This was at night. It didn't last long, probably less than a minute and I went to bed.

I am confident I have either seen an alien spacecraft or an advanced craft operated by the US or Canada or ???

I was not afraid, I thought it was cool and graceful, then it was gone.
