{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-28 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5463652.json","updb_database_id":5463652}
Large Chevron Shaped Black Craft Moving Slowly

I'm an ex Royal Navy Petty Officer and served over 20 years in the military, I retired in 2015. My background was engineering and above sea weapon systems. I have a strong knowledge of all military aircraft, and have never seen anything like this before!

At approx 0110 hours I had been walking my dog Jack, around fields off Gains Park Road in Shrewsbury. I wasn't able to sleep well and the dog was indicated he wanted to go out. So as the weather was fairly mild I grabbed the dogs lead and went out.

As we walked around a field that borders the A5 bypass road, I heard a strange humming noise slightly above and ahead of me. As I looked up I could make out a very large V or Chevron Shaped object, which was literally hovering across the other side of the field I was walking around. It was black and very dull in colour, with dim white lights at the tips and a red glow at the centre. I estimate it to be well over 100ft from tip to tip. Jack my dog started to get uneasy and wimpered as we walked towards it. But suddenly it started to move and as it did towards the West, a small white ball of light shot out of it towards the road. As this happened, the large chevron object shot out a clear white beam of light towards the housing estate I live on called Gains Park. The chevron then just shot off with a hum and buzz sound towards the West and it disappeared from sight. The whole thing lasted about 30 seconds. I would not of been able to get an image on my mobile phone, as I only have a basic one and it would not have picked up the object in the sky.

I am fully aware of all military aircraft including drones, but this was like nothing I have seen before. On looking through the internet at what I could resemble it too, I would most definitely say that it was similar to the object seen over Phoenix Arizona in 1997.
