{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82498","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4156,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5477652.json","updb_database_id":5477652}
{dr}A 30 ft sphere with liquid like bright colors that didnt mix moveing around all over it.made a whooshing sound as it flew by above tree top level about 100 ft up and about 500 ft. Away

My brother and I were outside walking around at the end of our driveway about 12 to 1 o clock am back in July 1974 the summer between my 7th and 8th grade school year. I was faceing south when all of a sudden out from the east a fast flying sphere just above tree top level came flying by real fast I would say 2 or 3 hundred mph across the hwy from us me and my brother it was about 30feet in diameter and it had bright colors red blue yellow orange white moveing around all over it without mixing together. Their was no traffic on the hwy. at that time of morning. About a mile west of us we watched as it turned and went stright up into the sky untill we couldn't see it anymore. We ran back to the house as fast as we could , we were scared.woke up our parents and told them what we seen and they wouldn't believe us. I have never seen or heard anything else about anything like what we saw that night. I have always been trying to pay attention to any information about any other encounters from anyone else and So far nothing except for when they talk about the so called foo fighters from world war 2. Except they always leave out the part of the multi colors that are moving around all over it. By the way their was another strange event that happen about a month latter me and my dad was Comeing back home one night around 10:00 p.m. and saw a bright blueish light shinning over the tree tops about 3 miles to the south of us as we were traveling west heading home so we thought that we would go check it out. We turned on to a dirt road that would take us in that direction now this is out in the country just farm land and woods. So we turned onto this dirt road heading south now this all is about 5 Or 6 miles west of Tifton Ga. We started going south on this dirt road after about a mile we came up on a deputy sheriff blocking the road my dad stopped rolled the window down to ask what was going on I noticed that the deputy had his gun in his hand pointing at us and all he should say turn around and get out of here so we did and on the way back out we met 8 of them big 6 wheel drive army trucks that have the canvice covers backs. We got over as close to the ditch as we could as they came driving by real fast I would say if we didn't get over as much as we could they would have ran over us because they stayed right in the middle of the road. After we got by them we went a little further and turned back right on another dirt road to try to come in from another direction and went a few miles and turned right heading towards that bright blue or purple glowing light that was Comeing up from behind the woods or tree line aproxment2 more miles away and we came up on another deputy sheriff blocking the road and he had his gun out pointing at us and my dad ask him the same thing what was going on and all he should say turn around and get the H### out of here now. So this time we left and went back to the highway.as we went back I keep watching out the back window of the pickup at that bright blueish glow that whould be flickering above the tree tops. We never did find out what any of that was all about.no one that lived in that area knew anything about it and we tryed to find out but nobody would talk about what ever that was. That's something that has been on my mind all of these years that happens back around August of 1974 6 miles west Tifton Ga.
