{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-16 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490652","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4173,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/652/mufon-5490652.json","updb_database_id":5490652}
9 ORANGE BALLS FLYING IN 2 GROUPS FIRST 7 UFOS AND SECOND 2 BEHIND

Hi nice to meet you. i m Manu From France, im 37. 
the day 16 of june of 2012 at 11:25pm,me and my wife were at bed but not sleeping, at bed since 5 minutes and i saw a red ball flying outside by the window, i gone to the window and i saw only one red ball, i called my wife to come and when i came back, 8 more ufos where appeared, i started recording with my phone but the resolution was too bad, and we don t see clearly the balls but we can see it was red.
it was cold so i was trembling so the videos not very good but my wife and i are comenting the ufos, and i could see that each one was about 150meters of diameter and were moving the same speed, silently and keeping the same espace between them. my wife was afraid, and me... not at all  but excited! we looked the ufo dispearing far away. i sent the video to the GEIPAN the "unexplained flying phenom group" of france but they said it was asiatics lantern.... WRONG!! they try to make us believe it s something normal from human... the flight last more than 12 miles so very long for asiatics lantern dont you think??

last year a ufo was flying above my home, and i thought maybe he can or not but i tried to contact him just thinking. i asked to him to make a big light after i count till 3, 1 2 3 and then he made a flash! i was so surprised, i decided to do it again.
i asked to him if he could receive my message and if yes he had to make a new flash, and he did it!. i want you to know that till the moment i saw it coming from far away, he didn t do nothing specialn the light was always the same, a white ball in the sky, very high and without noise. 
before he desapear behind the top of the house i asked to fash again and guess what, he did it again.
i know it seem like crazy but it s true. after this i decided to do it but with another way. i started to present me and say i m from earth planet, (always in my mind) i said if anyone space traveller come over my house, i would like he pass between a star i choosen and i, the same night 4 differents ufos coming from differents direction passed where i asked.
i decided to change of star (the same night) and a new ufo coming from in front , far away comes in direction of the star i choosen. one he passed there, i asked to make a flash if he can receive my message after 3, i started counting 1, 2, 3 and then he made the flash.
i woke up my wife for she could see it, so she came at the window with me, and i showed her the direction where to look, i asked it to the ufo my wish, and then he flashed again before to disapear. my wife said i was crazy to do it . i don t know if i m crazy but i need to do it when i can. i did it about 10 or 15 times. i bought a pair of binoculars for spring, (weather will be better) we sleep under the roof, and we have windows on it so it s really big the sky, full of stars. 
i hope you believe me, because, i m sure they are here.

after this, the next day i phoned to police and they told me nobody called to inform about this night.... and there was not asiatics lantern authorization for this night( here youan not let flying asiatic lantern without authrization)

people is afraid of the look of the others, not us because at this moment we were in this state snce a few months and so didnt know people..

i hope you liked my adventures, hope to live more soon!
waiting for your reply or questions. 
see you later
Manu
