{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66594","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2810,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5492929.json","updb_database_id":5492929}
{cak} oval shaped solid light the size of a house

I was outside with my 2 cousins and we were getting ready to get in a my cousins car. He got in and reached over to unlock the doors. At the time I heard a loud sound it sounded like continuous thunder. My cousin Armando was standing next to me waiting to get into the car. He suddenly yelled "what the hell is that"! So I looked up. I saw an oval shaped blue light it was the color of blue flame. It was the size of a house and it was hovering over the house across the street from us. It was not an object with lights on it. It was as if it was made of light. I could not see through it. It was definitely an object. It moved very slow from east to west. I would say about walking speed. Then it took off west so fast I have never seen anything accelerate that fast. I can imagine that at speeds like that, it would cover hundreds of miles in seconds. We started freaking out yelling and running up hill to see if we can see where it went. My other cousin got out the car and asked us what just happened. He did not see anything. Im smart enough to know not to put any ideas in anyone's head so I say Im going to start saying what happened and Armando is going to finish it. So I say I heard a rumble sound and you screamed so I looked up. Then I pointed at Armando, and he frantically said there was a UFO and the thing took off that way. He then pointed west. My cousin Jose wasn't sure what we were talking about but wanted to see for him self. So we drove around the neighborhood looking up for about five minutes. The three of us saw little white light zig zagging around. We stopped the car and jumped out looking up. The white light flew towards and over us. As it got closer it was obvious it was not what me and Armando saw,it was a helicopter. A small quiet helicopter. It was flying in path the UFO flew. It was if it was looking for what see saw minutes before. There is no way at the speed the helicopter was flying it would catch up to the UFO we saw. We never called the news but we wanted to. We was afraid no one would believe us. I wouldn't have. I only believe what I see. I know that that night my cousin and I saw a UFO not of this earth.
