{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-04-11 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5472929.json","updb_database_id":5472929}
{rjl} Physical encounter

I can't be specific about dates and times. The event happened in the early 1990s while I was working as a security guard alone in a very large auto parts warehouse late at night. (The site has since been removed and replaced, and is now a location of condos and townhouses. The original building is gone.)

It was my habit of taking a nap during my shift after having made my rounds. At the time, I was also being treated for a (still undiagnosed) heart condition.

What I recount next is how I told the story to friends for years, since its from the point of view of which I experienced it. I have since come to believe that something slightly different happened - namely that I may have been abducted. (Or 'retrieved', as I prefer to put it.)

Anyway, I was asleep, when suddenly I felt an abrupt THUMP in my chest. I thought that my heart had stopped, and I had died.

My immediate reaction was to attempt to leave my body, and I almost did. My spirit exited my dead (?) body, and I was slowly rising up away from it, into and thru the wooden ceiling above me.

During the transition, I somehow got stranded in the matter of the wooden ceiling, and got stuck.

Suddenly, three entities appeared to me, took me by the hand, and gently guided me back into my body, which had already grown cold. It felt very heavy, and very cumbersome to be pushed back inside it.

The entities were very gentle with me, and seemed to be proud of me. Our communication was not verbal, or even mental, per se, but was more emotional. (I am extremely empathic and psychic.)

After making sure I was back inside my own body, they departed, but there was no ship to speak of, just a gentle light.

One other thing: The perception that lingered after their departure was that they were actually ME as a man, a boy, and a child with cold hands.(The entity who guided me back into my body had cold hands.)

Several years after the event, I changed my mind of what may have occurred. I now think that instead of dying, I was accidentally awakened during the aftermath of an abduction event. (Or I woke up by force, I have often awakened during surgical procedures and fought with doctors who had already anesthetized me.)

Previous to that occurrence, I had had (and continue to have) similar types of events, basically all my life.
