{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-04 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3310,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5527929.json","updb_database_id":5527929}
Ball of light seen on I-95 few miles north of Exit 29

I was driving my SUV with my 16 year old son and his girlfriend who were riding in the back seat. My son was sitting in the middle and his girlfriend was on the passanger side. We live just off I-95 Exit 38 and we were taking his girlfriend to her grandmother's house off Exit 29. This was Friday evening just before midnight Labor Day weekend 2009. I was heading south on I-95, traveling over a small bridge, and thought it was very odd that I didn't see any headlights in the northbound lanes nor any taillights in front of me. As I traveled a little further south, I looked in my rearview mirror and didn't see any headlights behind me. This is very strange for a holiday weekend since we live in a popular tourist area exactly between Savannah, GA and Jacksonville, FL. After looking in all directions again, I was staring straight ahead and noticed a bright whiteish blue ball of light(similar to the color of a halogen car headlight) rise up quickly from the center of the southbound lane. I estimated it to be about the size of a basketball given the distance between the object and my vehicle. It was approximately 3/4 of a mile in front of me and I estimate the object to rise about 10-12 feet off the roadway. It hovered for aproximately 4 full seconds then moved west horizontally at a very high rate of speed. It covered 50-60 yards in less than 1 second and then disappeared into the tree line. 

I couldn't believe what I saw and I knew immediately it was a UFO. On this stretch of I-95 there were no lights of any kind, there were no airplanes or stars in the sky and absolutely no traffic on the road. The kids were silent so I wasn't sure if they saw it. I then asked "Did you just see anything wierd?". My son shockingly responded "I just saw a ball of light shoot off into the trees!" I asked him what color it was and he indicated it was a whiteish blue color. I was so excited because he confirmed what I saw. As we approached the area where we felt it entered the trees, I slowed down to see if we could see anything but it was gone. Again, I looked around in all directions and there were no visible vehicle lights or any other lights in the sky. Several days later, I drove by the area where this occured to see if I could tell where it entered into the trees, but nothing looked to be disturbed. 

I told my mother about the experience and she told me that in the late 70's she and my father (retired Air Force pilot) were crossing the bridge to Jekyll Island and they both witnessed a ball of light coming up from the water and disappearing in the sky. Jekyll Island is approximately 15 miles southeast of where I experienced my UFO.
