{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-06-02 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3124,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5451929.json","updb_database_id":5451929}
Noticed (partially) glowing & solid disc shaped (vertically standing object) right up at the window. Seconds later, took off leaving a light trail

Time: unknown but daytime (after noon, before sunset)
Day: unknown (summer day)

1. I was at my grandma's house sitting sideways on the living room couch (my back against armrest) watching TV (to my right), during the day.

2. I cannot recall TV details, but just looked at the window (6 ft) in front of me, to find a round circle object hovering still, immediately on the other side of the window. I can not recall it making a sound, and it was lit up in certain areas within the circle, which created a shape similar to a 3 leaf clover.

3 & 4. I was not alarmed in any way, very calm actually just looking at the light and shape of the object (both in its entirety and blue/white dull light). I could see the entire object (as i perceived it) because it fit within the frame of the window. Size: a large NYC pizza. It did not move at all and stayed still there for what I perceived to be 4 seconds. Then the circle quickly "took off"/ flew or accelerated straight out away and up to the right then out of view. It left a light trail which soon disappeared. I am certain of its movement and direction. It seemed to have changed its stance once it took off *imagine a frisbee standing up on its side (belly-sideways), then falling flat (belly-down) as it leaves*. I just know it was not a 3D spherical circle like a ball but a flattened ball. When it was still it was completely still and when it "flew" away it was so fast and spatially aware.

5. I immediately heard through a thought "Draw what you saw" (could be my own thought or not). I immediately felt inspired to quickly draw the shape and light pattern when it was first seen, standing still. I prioritized drawing what I saw above other feelings that I only processed what happened or wondered what it was afterwards. I did not feel an urge to tell everyone what I had seen except for my sister in another room, shortly afterwards.

I never thought about it much until years later. Even as I began to find interest in UFO media/research, nothing seemed to fit what I saw - That is until recently, when I heard Bob Lazar's claims and saw his drawing. 

6. The object left my sight, which was what I only what could see through the window frame. 

I can provide what I drew (not the original drawing), upon request. Would love to get any insight on this, if possible. Thanks. 

First time reporting.
