{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-28 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29785","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5525929.json","updb_database_id":5525929}
Bright diamond shape flash 3-4 x that of star, likely a satelite in orbit crossing sky.

I was outside enjoying the clear evening sky when I saw with my naked eye what I think was a satellite crossing the sky. It started from the south and a little east maybe. It was heading to the north-south and vanished on the south and a little bit west part of my sky.

This one was actually one of the brightest I have seen so I simply gave it attribute to the clearness of the sky. Oh yeah, it was kinda going just a little faster than I'm used to them going. I thought nothing of it other than it was pretty cool and kinda bright. It lasted a little longer in the sky then a cigarette worth so, when it disappeared into the contrast of the sky to the north, I decided to stay out for a bit and watch for more. 

Note: There is about 1/3 of the northern sky not visible to me due to the contrast of the sky, not sure if it's city lights, or the sun hazing it out a bit.

After a duration of about 3 minutes or so, another satellite came on the same exact trajectory. The difference was, this one was not nearly as bright. It was about as bright as the dimmer stars in the sky. I stayed, and followed it across the sky just like the last one. I started loosing it to the change in sky contrast to the north, it disappears for just a fraction of a second, then (don't know how else to explain it) exploded in bright light for almost an entire second, then disappeared completely. The flash was 3-4 times that of the brightest star in the sky that night, it actually gave off a diamond shape, just like you would imagine the star of Bethlehem.

So was it a UFO? I can't say I have ever seen a satellite do that, I may have seen more than the average person, but not as many as a real stargazer. It was pretty cool, but I'm pretty sure it was just a satellite crossing over. You decide.
