{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-06 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2230,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5526929.json","updb_database_id":5526929}
UFO observed from Milford, CT hovering over the area near Sikorsky Helicopter Plant in Stratford.

I was on my break at work having a cigarette in my car. It just happened to be facing towards the direction of Stratford. From here I have been witness to many flights of Helicopters from Sikorsky. They aren't easy to miss.
I have seen strange UFOs in the past so I tend to look to the sky more often than not. This day was no different except for the strange object rising above the tree line. My first thought was, "Helicopter". But when I actually looked at it - It clearly wasn't.
The object climbed up rather quickly and then stopped. It then rose a bit higher and stopped again. At that point I tried to get a photo of it, however my phone is no longer top of the line. I then saw it vanish into the clouds.
There were no sounds of Helicopter blades spinning and no engine noise. The object itself seemed to have an aura about it (is the only way I can describe it).
When I went back into work I did not run up to people telling them about this. Why?
Because, "Who cares".
Am I right?
Anyway, I told one person 1 A guy that I've discussed this type of thing with before. And that was it. After that, I thought no more of it.
This was a couple days before the supposed government shut-down. It was that Saturday that I went to a news site that I frequent to find out what happened with the shut-down. I was surprised to see a headline stating a UFO was sighted in CT within the same week and reported to this site. After thinking about it for a few days I decided to confirm the recent activity in CT.
Believe it, or not.
