{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-31 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68644","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5945,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5490929.json","updb_database_id":5490929}
{jpg} Orange Orbs and Phosphorus

Orange Orbs and Phosphorus

On the evening of August 31, 2014 I had my first observation and video capture of an orange orb. To call it orange is somewhat of a misnomer. The attached image will bear that out as it appears orange.  However from my first observation of it, the light given off was really quite brilliant and more yellowish. The rays which emanated from it also had a peculiar quality that normally I do not see with light. There was definition to the rays, and they came to a point. The camera phone which took the image just does no justice to the reality.

I first became aware of more research into the Orange orb phenomenon in the May 2015 issue of Mufon1s UFO Journal. The article authored by Robert Spearing went into good detail of 110 sightings in New Jersey between January 2009 and January 2015. One of the commonalities is that they appear in areas which are rich in phosphorus such as certain coastal waters, and other waterways which have runoff from fertilizer. Other coincidences of high orb sightings occurs during the 4th of July celebrations, and New Year1s Eve due to the phosphorus in fireworks.

Another Mufon member besides myself who lives in the northeast Independence, MO area has also seen many orange orbs. I decided to investigate known phosphorus levels in the Missouri River near to where she lives, and Blue Springs Lake where I saw mine. The attached charts show the content.

The two sampling sites BS-4 and BS-11 show that between July 14 and September 25, 2014, the levels of phosphorus increased to nearly double the average recommended ecoregion criteria. This is mostly from runoff from neighborhoods and annual fertilization of yards. 

When compared with the previous year, the period from August 15 and September 11, 2013 the site BS-3 also showed a spike above the recommended level. However, clearly there was much more available in August and September 2014, the time period in which I observed the orb.  

The year 2012 saw a UFO flap in Missouri in the Blue Springs-Independence-Lee1s Summit area. An interesting observation is that a HUGE spike of phosphorus occurred in Blue Springs Lake. After researching the Mufon files, I noticed 27 filed reports of different types of craft. Most of my search parameters included 1spheres1, 1circles1, 1fireball1, and 1other1. They did not all however resemble orange orbs. Some did, others were clearly larger craft. Yet there was a lot of activity for that two month period. The following shows the 900% increase from the normal levels of phosphorus which occurred in August 2012.

Overall in the State of Missouri, Smithville Lake, Truman Lake, and Long Branch Lake are about the same in phosphorus content on an average basis as Blue Springs Lake. In Kansas though, Millford Lake, and Tuttle Creek Lake are about 7 times higher in phosphorus than the recommended ecoregion criteria.

The Missouri River Basin
The flow of the Missouri river from its headwaters in Montana, through its flowing into the Mississippi River north of St. Louis, is shown in the attached map.

The entire Missouri River from its source down through the State of Missouri gathers phosphorus from surrounding farmlands through fertilizer catchments. It happens that the area of sightings in Northeast Independence by the river corresponds to the area of highest density of phosphorus from incremental catchments, in the 1bullseye1 of the region. That area has over 200 kilograms per square kilometer per year. This is the equivalent of over 440 pounds of phosphorus per .4 square miles.

Summary
1.	It is now obvious that at least two areas of known phosphorus activity in bodies of water in the Independence, Blue Springs, Lee1s Summit area are also areas of orange orb activity.
2.	Both areas are not restricted however to sightings of orange orbs. Many other types of craft happen to frequent the entire area.
3.	Spearing1s article focused only on orange orb activity in those areas of phosphorus. It is quite possible that other craft also find the areas to be of interest as well, whether for the phosphorus content, or for other reasons as yet to be discovered.
4.	The Lake of the Ozarks area has seen reports of 31 sightings on the Mufon site. Its phosphorus levels generally over the area are about twice the recommended ecoregion criteria levels, although not enough information was available to compare the sightings with the timing of the phosphorus measurements. 
5.	The area of the James River basin south of Springfield has many high phosphorus levels. There have been over 50 sightings in the Springfield area, although not enough information was available to compare the sightings with the timing of the phosphorus measurements.
