{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-15 22:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115443","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5287929.json","updb_database_id":5287929}
Cloaked Boomerang with 7 lights

It was the Size of an AC-130 or a little Bigger from where I was standing above the treeline but close up I truly believe it would be bigger than 2 AC-130s... it was cloaked but I could see the lights there was about 7, 1 in the Middle and 3 on the side of the main 1 light in a boomerang shape, it wasnt pointy at all tho kinda like I said a boomerang to the exact definition of it but in a V or Triangle shape except an uncompleted Triangle.

I could see the outline of the Craft as if it was in a cloaked state with its lights on which is weird, why would you cloak you're craft yet have lights on thats what really is confusing about this to me, I could see the clouds through it, and it was going so slow...

I've lived in Florida for over 10 years, I've seen AC-130s fly over my house late at night during the day they are super loud this object was going super slow and was silent...it was as if I looked up in the sky to watch a scifi movie for 15 seconds then bamn disappeared behind the treeline ofcourse... I just wish I would have seen it in the sky that wasnt covered by trees and was super clear, but seing it through the trees is how I know it was a solid object the light all perfectly aligned as it slowly moved away... plus Trees can allow you to understand the size of an object and the lights they were coming through the tree line not in a super bright way but like I said it was like watching a scifi movie for 15 seconds...

I'd like this to be called the Florida Boomerang.

Also where I live the Planes fly in a straight line right over my house to land at the nearby airport and they have blinking lights on plus let's be honest no one is going to confuse an AC-130 For a UFO especially when they fly super low over you're house over 40 times a year what I saw wasnt on the guided path to land at the airport. If an AC-130 or private plane would have been around at that time they would have seen what I saw, I truly wish a milatary aircraft would have been around what scares me is that over all the years I've lived here seing milatary planes and helicopters fly over all the time their just happened to be none that night and if they are here to protect us then why did that thing sit in the sky and fly around with its lights on like there was nothing to fear,the fact it flew around like it had nothing to fear is what truly scares me to my core I've always known the Army etc around here would protect us but if something that big was in the sky so close to where the Army etc flies their planes and helicopters why was nothing done.. 

After seing this I cried I laughed I prayed and I knew at that moment this all was real, as real as the planes the birds and the clouds in the sky.

I truly hope someone else saw what I saw that night on May 15th 2021 at about 10:14 through 11pm I only saw it for 15 seconds but someone else had to of seen this thing that night around that time.
