{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-18 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5107,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5289929.json","updb_database_id":5289929}
woke up to go to work one morning and observed ufo in the distance.

I'm writing this now because I've been listening to a podcast about unexplained phenomenon and how many people DON'T report their siting, well here is mine. I used to work at a welding shop in town so I was getting up around 5 in the morning. This particular morning was in the middle of Aug in 2018. I live on the south facing side, on the top floor of a 4 story condo building. The view from my deck is a commanding one, where I can see the tops of the cypress hills 50km south-east of me and I can see planes take off and land at the airport. Now this being said, I am a lifelong war buff, I have tons of dvds and documentaries about fighter jets and commercial aircraft. I am very aware of what they look like in the air... day or night. They have very predictable flight patterns especially right by the regional airport in my town. Another thing VERY visible from my house is the huge orange colored light that emits out from the large green houses along the highway 3. They are about 6 km to the south. They shine a hazy orange and emit light in a large fan like shape out into the night. Apparently making for very uncomfortable landings at the airport at times. Anyways, this morning I went to my deck door to go outside for my first cigarette of the day. I always found myself then, and now especially since...looking into the luminous glow of those greenhouses, But this morning something was different. Low down on the horizon(and what must have been almost directly overhead of those greenhouses) there was a large grey saucer shaped object. It was about the width of my thumb or slightly bigger on an outstretched hand(so at around 6 km away the object had to be 30 meters wide. It was convex, slopping down from the top of an easy arch. It was quite thin, and didn't have any lights or anything that I could make out at the time. But then it started moving. Keeping the same altitude, it started moving to the left....during this time it remained quite visible bc it was flying inside the glow of the greenhouse below. But as it exited the outer boundary edge of the orange light, and went into the darkness, I couldn't make out any structure anymore but I could only make out a Light. It was like a single point of light, whitish blue light like a spotlight in the distance. The craft(light) continued slowly moving to the left and then it stopped, and reversed its direction. It didn't turn, it slowly came to a stop and went the other way. Then, when the light floated back into the glow of the greenhouse, its structure and shape was instantly apparent again. It continued on its trajectory out to the right and back into the darkness again, becoming just a point of light but continuing out on its path till it slowed down and came to a stop and reversed its direction again. I remember watching in astonishment and my rational mind wanted to say "flock of geese or airplane"... but after a few mins of observation I was sure this wasn't the case. The solidness of the structure and shape as it moved back and forth, in and out of that light, and the fact there was no propeller or jet noise, and no red, or blue marker lights visible told me it wasn't a passenger plane practicing touch and goes at the airport or something. So I watched for a couple mins initially but I still had to go get ready for work, so I would intermittently come back every couple minutes to see it either floating in the orange light, or gliding silently back and forth, in and out of the darkness. I watched it initially for probably 5 minutes and then for another 5 all together as I was getting ready. I also seen the exact same craft again a couple months after with an ex-gf of mine. That same girl pointed me in the direction of her friend, who around the same time had an even better sighting than I did of a similar craft along the highway 3 closer to Bow Island. They witnessed a spotlight in the field along the highway in the pitch black. This woman had her daughter in the car at the time to and she was terrified. The lady watched this thing floating and through the field shining a light at her. She could tell it was HUUUGE and it slowly moved about 30km hour, she pulled her car off the highway and was digging her phone out to snap a pic, the object clicked its light off and moved away from her....seeming to sense the pic she was about to take. I look at that way every time I go on my deck and haven't seen anything like that.
