{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-02 21:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88521","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2904,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5471929.json","updb_database_id":5471929}
{jpg} Observed fast moving lights change direction so within very small radius

At approximately 9:43 pm CST I observed fast white strobes (2-3 pulses per second) on the NE horizon. The lights were between 20-25 degrees elevation and appeared to be at least 3-5 miles away. I initially questioned this being a plane due to the fast strobe so I watched it as it flew toward, over, and away from my position. As the lights approached it was then I noted two round, unwavering, red lights facing downward. I continued to observe and after the lights passed overhead it became more difficultt to observe the white strobes.
Once the lights passed overhead and continued to move away at a fast rate of speed I observed no propellor, jet, or rotor noise whatsoever. It was then I observed the red lights appear to dim, move slightly to the left, and then I saw the white strobes again. This apparant 180 degree maneuver took less than 3 seconds and it was then the craft appeared to be coming at me again. I observed the white strobes for 2-3 more seconds and the craft then turned back to its original course since I could no longer see the strobes. It continued away from me for another 2-3 and repeated this maneuver - coming at me then turning away again - before it disappeared over the horizon at approximately 25 degree elevation on the SW horizon.
I attempted to video the lights after it made the first course correction but the video is poor. The lights can be seen approximately 3 seconds in at bottom center. Immediately after the video I observed what appeared to be a jet moving in from the NW on the last seen position of the craft.
Noteworthy is that throughout this event I never heard and propulsion noises; the sky was relatively clear (stars clearly visible); I consumed no drugs/alcohol during the day.
I am an avid place guy so when I saw the tremendous speed and ability to turn on a dime coupled with the fast white strobe something seemed amiss.
I thought this might be some sort of drone but it would have to be military due to the range of travel from one horizon to another although I could not estimate height due to my inability to see anything other than lights.
