{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-04-20 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60228","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2374,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5498929.json","updb_database_id":5498929}
{cak} Longated blimp like object with bright lights hovering over landfill site

On April 20th at approx. 2:30am I was driving home from a band practice heading south bound on the same highway I take home every night. After I passed the mall exit and rounding a bend I noticed a blimp like object in the distance with these bright white lights end to end, as I got closer to the next exit that when I realized that this object wasn't a blimp at all. It was at a stand still hover over what I knew at the time to be the landfill area which while growing up we used to go sledding down these man-made hills every winter. As I got closer the radio station that I was listening to went to static. I pulled over before the underpass and got out of my car to see what this thing was and as I got closer I saw that this was a disc shape and a little thinner then a blimp. Before I could get my entire body out of the car it started ascending and all I could hear was a slight humming sound, in one quick motion the object moved up and to the right and then it took off in a flash, it almost looked like a comet streaked across the front of me and it was gone. After this incident no one was allowed to go sledding or even get close to the landfill site anymore, they put fences around the entire perimeter and there's ventilation shafts coming out of the ground. I think this site is a Deep Underground Military Base or something else. I wasn't the only one who saw this and unfortunately the other people in my party will not come forward because they're scared of what might happen to them. This wasn't the first time I would see a UFO, I've also witnessed 2 other disc-like objects in the sky in Arizona that hovered and then streaked across the sky like the one I saw up close.
