{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72758","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2920,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5486929.json","updb_database_id":5486929}
{rj} Late one night for about 30 minutes something was banging on the door This was on secured property so no one came or went without me knowing and supposedly I was the only one there.

Late one night I was staying over at a tire shop for security reasons. Its very well secured so no one comes or goes without me knowing about it. So I was there alone with the company of my cats. Then around 11pm something started banging really hard on the bay door. Causing my cats to freak out. I waited to see if maybe it would stop, but it didnt. I finally go brave enough and took my cell phone with me. Its dark out there with only a couple lights. When I went out the door to investigate there were some strange lizard/snake like beings running away into the dark. I chased them probably a little more than 20 yards and also trying to photograph themwith my cell phone. Ive also heard them comunicating to each other in a very strange language and in very non- human sounding verbalization. I have learrned many things from these and other "strange " beings. Mostl and from just from watching them and trying to understand their symbolic and other means of communication. I know what the great Pyramid and perhaps many others were used for and were they have originated from. They were originally referred to as " the vessels of the Gods" also the oldest know UFO's in the history of the Earth. They've been used on our World in ways they weren't meant to be. Mostly they were used as "reanimation chambers, so in other words they were to clone or something similar to that and even genetic hybridzation amongst many species. There's even an hierglyph on the pyramid showing one of the incubator/birthing Pods. I've also learned what the Mayan Crystal Skulls were used for and even how to use them. There is just so much that I need to share with someone that will atleast listen to me with an open mind and I have tons of photos and other means of proof. Otherwise all these I just keep to myself as I believe most people will think I'm crazy whether I have proof or not. Thanks for your time and wish you the best for the Holidays.
