{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-07 17:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284929","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118484","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4052,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/929/mufon-5284929.json","updb_database_id":5284929}
While driving on a highway I observed an object with an erratic flight pattern that zipped across the sky covering a great distance incredibly quickly

As I was driving down 495 South from Wrentham Massachusetts somewhere in the area of Norton or Taunton I witnessed an object flying in an erratic pattern that appeared to be just above the trees to the right of the highway. My mind immediately went to a drone because it was not behaving like an aeroplane or a helicopter so I assumed it was much closer than it eventually turned out to be. I first noticed it from the sunlight glinting off of the object. I couldn't really determine specific shapes or structures. As I was driving. I was on the phone over my Bluetooth and I was on the highway so I could not lift my phone to capture a video. The sighting was distracting me because of the erratic behavior of the vehicle I kept an eye on it as it bounced around now in the middle of the highway and then it shot like a bullet to my left it was once in the middle of my windshield now it was visible only through my driver's side window that took me back, because I realized that was not a drone there was no way a drone could behave like that or travel at such incredible speeds. I watched it as best I could while maintaining my speed on the highway I noticed it going straight up in the air and then appearing to tumble downward to about the same position where it started. It did this a couple of times then zipped around very quickly, then I noticed clouds that I thought were much farther in the distance than the craft was and watched to my surprise as the vehicle ascended into the clouds very quickly Then and only then did I realize the size of the vehicle. My assumption was that the vehicle was smaller something like 2 to 5' in width because I assumed it was a drone now seeing how far away those clouds where I realized it must have been much larger than I had originally perceived. I lost it for a few seconds. At this point I am freaked out and describing what I was seeing to the person on the other end of my phone. After a few seconds I noticed it again darting around under the clouds I told the person I was talking to that I needed to hang up and I thought heck with it and brought my phone up to take a picture even though it was a irresponsible since I was driving but I was in the far left lane and couldn't pull over quickly enoug, before I could get the camera up the vehicle appeared to disappear in the distance. I decided to take a few snapshots of the general area anyway off my left shoulder without looking while driving to document the area in which I'd witnessed these events. Upon review of one of the photos I noticed an anomaly that I will submit. I submitted the reverse side of the photo which has information concerning my location and the time of the photograph this would have been miles down the road from where I initially encountered it and also a little bit later than the original start of the art of the encounter. I was on the highway but the Location pinned on a street address that must have been close
