{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-14 16:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478390","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81741","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/390/mufon-5478390.json","updb_database_id":5478390}
{jpg} Photos I took of Las Vegas sunset and mountains show unidentified image. I noticed image day later after zooming in.

What is in these photos?? I live in the southwestern edge of Las Vegas near Fort Apache and Blue Diamond Roads. On January 14, 2017 around 4:05PM in the afternoon, I decided to take some photos of the setting sun which just had started breaking through the clouds near the snow-capped mountains in the distance. I took three pictures with my android phone within a minute's time, and continued on a walk with my dog. The next day I opened one of the photos to show a friend in the house I live. When I zoomed in further and further, I noticed a strange grey-tinted circular to diamond shaped image in my photo getting bigger, blending in like a chameleon with the changing sky, mountains, and everything else. The image is grey-ish and does have a pale curved cross indication on it when zoomed in closer. I am not able to judge distance away from where I took photos but image has to be more than mile or two from where I was, short of the mountain range in the distance. I showed it to this friend in the house and a couple other people. We wondered what the image was. None of us had ever seen anything like it.

We small-talked about it in the house but at that moment, I never thought to open the other photos until much later overnight when I was near sleep. I thought to myself that I had taken the other two photos, and wondered if the image might be in those as well. One of the other photos, after zooming in quite a bit, has the circular to diamond shaped orb image in the distance as well, but with a somewhat different appearance on it than the other photo. When zoomed in, this 2nd photo has four symmetric darker circular indications on the lower edge of the image, with a pale mid-section, and a darker top couple of sections on the image. The third photo I have does not have this grey orb image, I assume because I had panned over on the horizon not capturing the image when I took this photo. I did include this third photo for viewing as well.

From what I can gather, the image on the two photos is not a dust spot on the lens because a dust spot would be at the same spot on each photo. I do not have these strange orb images on any other personal photos I have, nor have I ever noticed in my lifetime images such as these on photos I have ever taken or seen.
