{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-23 21:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483390","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76510","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5220,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/390/mufon-5483390.json","updb_database_id":5483390}
{jpg} had been spinning it admitted heavy energy all across I believe mobile Alabama,Sims and the mobile bay area. The massive from a distance ufo was silver grey with a red tent and possibly small square windows. Myself and a relative watched it dissolve

Over one year myself and a relative watched the air traffic ,near by was an airport. However we watched for stranger thing's. On multiple occasions we both together witnessed over 30 ufos. All with different aspects. We do have one small set of three photo's however it's felt the information gained is much more important. Before seeing the specific reported ufo however it was the only one to dematerialise. As if pressing an art programs fade out button until something has vanished into tiny pieces. Before it vansihed the wind stopped it was calm. But the night had been very windy and dark. We were under street lights walking in a local naborhood.down to a local church parking lot we always walked by. My relative told me we would see a ufo tonight. An older woman in her 40s. I was skeptical however I walked with her regardless. She often told me story's of texas and how if is have followed her all her life.some good and some terrible. This was also a spiritual woman. When the if I was in the area she knew and I felt as if some form of energy filled the area. I'm sensitive to even tv's and electronics however this was a more massive pressure and feeling of extreme energy that felt as if it moved in a pattern. Like scans over and over. Countless times with a heaviness. It was not present for me considering I feel energy. We walked to the church after my relative wanted to find the ufo. We looked out into the sky at the church. We ourselves are spiritual. Believing in the creator,or self existent one. She got me attention and pointed out into the sky as I turned I said hey what is it. She said there it is and I was speechless. I looked up and immediately seen the ufo with her. However over the direction about middle to the local Wal-Mart and shopping area only later did we realize it was much larger and further away. To figure it must have been in the bay. Also that the energy feeling was there over an hour in all. We seen numerous other encounters. 8 flew over the suburbs on July 4th they all were red. Balls that time. Flying random paths. The other two major if is one went from the mobile location to grandbay in cloud cover this info had been silver grey. And one red.another was yellow all on close paths different times and dAys. Near dark or after dark. Once we watched over 5 yoga look like they were playing in a very very bad huge lighting storm there also had been tons of tornados and topical storms at that time. I watched this with her about 7 or 8, times. Lastly we walked down to the water in the area back in mobile. It was a river or stream. I'm not sure. Late one night it was dark we talked to a high chilled area on the road near a tree line that drops into a bottem that leads to the water. I believe the church is livingword church and the road was the name of a pirate or something of that theme. It's right by it. Anyway I worn a white hoody and a cigar shapped black and sliver craft hovered over the water as if it's searching for something with a light that came out of the front. It shined near us. I took my jacket off quickly. Even though I figured it could track out phone devices and knew we were there. However my relative said to take it off so I did. Next we did our best to hide on the edge of the tree line and brush. The if I left it was night. Around 9 pm again. It left moving forward and over a tree line. Also one time we watched a large blue streak make a check like Mark and shoot off for the bay into the sky I also seen an old looking plane.I mean classic. Flying out in grandbay. And it disappeared into a weird looking cloud over the bay area. No sound.no plane. Another account I was walking around grandbay and out to the bay near dark I watched over 4 red lights move in patterns. It looked as if Maby a super giant massive ship could be there. That Maby the lights were just it's lights on it. They vanished about four or five minutes later. One encounter I wasn't there for with my relative and those past two she wasn't there. She sent me photos and I still have them. I've named them the triangle urban ufo picture's. And may release them anonymous to the internet. As sighted in mobile al. Please investigate those area's. Maby people I've known have seen ufos also. We also have noticed tons of black vans and black helicopters. Sometimes chasing these strange craft's. Goodluck mufon.
