{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-13 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530390","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25089","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2300,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/390/mufon-5530390.json","updb_database_id":5530390}
Bright orange moving star.

Sitting in our kitchen talking at approx 2200hrs, my wife commented that she was looking at what she thought was a helecoptor over our house with what she thought was a spotlight (she could see it from her kitchen chair through our deck screen door.

My brother stood up and had a look and commented that he thought it was weird that it made no noise.

I have military experience with helecopters, para flairs and artillery flairs so I got up and stepped out on the deck to have a look (the rest were still in the house. At first I thought I was looking at a bright orange flair but then I noticed it was moving over our neighbourhood from West to East. We have a large military base and they fire artillery flairs to our south but their normally white and we can see them fall (not fly).

The object was semi-bright star shaped. It made no noise at all and definately wasn't a flair or aircraft (no red/green or white flashing lights). It flew towards CFB Gagetown and then stopped in the air. I yelled at my brother to come out and look and we watched it hover in the vicinity of the base for about 2 minutes and then it slowly started to fly again in a north east direction. We watched it fly out of sight and it never changed shape or added color (bright orange). When I checked my watch it was 2207hrs.

My wife asked if it could be a meteor but i said no because it moved, then hovered, then moved again. It's speed wasn't fast but it was consistent (under mach 1). It seemed to waver left to right slightly and it made no noise at all. We have Bell 412 Choppers here flying all the time, some Sea Kings and EH 101s and you can hear them. This made no sound at all.
