{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482390","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77571","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6167,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/390/mufon-5482390.json","updb_database_id":5482390}
{nd} Levitated to dark craft extremely high above home. Seen bottom of craft, next in white round empty room.

I actually happened to be temporally rooming with a friend at the time that is only a couple blocks away from where a lot of my experiences take place. Her house is very old and has dark paneled walls and covered windows so the house is always quite dark even during the day, extremely by night. I had my own room while I stayed there, but do to my fear of darkness and issues with sleep, I always slept in the same bed as my roommate and dear friend. she has always been sympathetic to my nighttime issues. On this particular night I decided not to sleep with her and instead slept across the room on a futon.

I always kept the tv on as a light source while I lay down for the evening. The tv has a timer and turns itself off during the night. I constantly get up at night so I always keep a flashlight on me. from the bedroom the bathroom is a very short, but very dark distance.

After going to sleep I remember waking in a groggy state only to realized I was weightless and slowly being pulled upward and I was outside. my first intuitive reaction was roll over, but I stopped immediately for the fear if I began to move like that, I would fall from whatever was lifting me. it was at that moment I realized what was happening was familiar and I knew I just needed to go with the flow. First visuals that I remember seeing is turning my head to my right and seeing the neighborhood and trees below. This is when that fear of I better not turn I could fall. I was extremely high up. I had to be under the clouds of course, but this distance is one of 20 stories... Not sure. Im still being pulled slowly upward on my back when I then turned my head to left. I only remember blackness, just black to left. Thats when I looked directly above me and the object that was pulling me was now only some feet away and this is when I noticed detail. I could not tell you how big it was, but I remember it felt huge and the edges were not in my site. In was dark, there were no lights that I remember and no sound that I recall. I felt as if it was a large round disk, because there were lines that came out from the edges and met in middle of the disk, but right before all the lines met up in middle, they stopped at a circle right in the middle. Only example I can think to give you at moment would be a simple drawing like one a child would make of a sun with the rays extending outward, of course without the crudeness of children's drawing.
That when I closed my eyes. maybe I fell back asleep, not sure. Next I remember standing in the middle a large room. It was all white I think and very brightly lit. straight across from me was a counter that resembled a curved bar like one that would be in hospital were a receptionist would sit behind while she checked in patients. there were no Beings in my view. The room looked empty, but I felt a few presences. Though I couldn't see anyone, I knew and I could feel them there. So I immediately and demandly spoke to them. And it was something to the tune of.... "Ok, lets do this. All I ask you is PLEASE do scare me, dont make me fearful" I guess it is here that I should state that I was extremely tired, or groggy. kinda the same feeling I have when I wake up in the middle of sleepwalking. It was dreamlike, but not quite. Now as far as the rest of my experience on this craft or place I was at, I don't have any recollection. But I went on to dream and woke up out of this dream before dawn,

The dream consisted of being at my Grandfathers house out in the country where I grew up at. It is the only place on earth I ever felt safe and it was my home. But in this dream, I remember looking through the back sliding glass door into the face of what I would consider a gentle soft featured Gray alien that almost seemed pleasant and cute. Then to the right of this sliding glass door (lets say the door looked out north) is a smaller window that had little sheers over it (and this window looked out east. As I approached this window and opened the sheers, I looked straight into the face of another gray alien. But this one was different. It had harsh features, more defined lines on its face, look menacing, hideous and dark. its features were defined and angled while the features of first were soft and smooth. Thats when I awoke. I tried to chalk off the night as a dream. I told my friend about it, she said she woke up in the middle of the night, looked over across the room where I had decided to sleep for the night and she said I was not there. She noticed the bedroom door was still closed which made here wonder. when I get up at night I always leave the bedroom door open, use my flashlight to get bathrrom where I turn ON that light. Then run back. She said she just passed back out and didnt think again of it. To make myself feel better. I told my friend I was gonna go outside and look for evidence of the encounter I new wouldnt be there. Low and behold I found some. I cried. The entire roof of where I stayed was covered in leaves. Thick Layer of leaves and what I could only assume would be old dirt or mildew that looked black in color on the shingles, except for one area. Right above where I slept that night it was completely free of leaves and it was alot lighter than rest, as if someone took a pressure washer and cleaned that small area of roof above where I slept.
