{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505390","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53471","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/390/mufon-5505390.json","updb_database_id":5505390}
{cak} It was shocking! Dogs in the area started going crazy

Sugar loaf state park observing the stars. The objects were bigger than stars, smaller than the moon, but larger than any aircraft Ive witnessed. The objects would suddenly pop up, and they would sit for minutes or even longer before they moved. Ive witnessed this about 5 times now, and Ive had witnesses with me 3 of the times. I knew these werent stars or any type of aircraft Ive seen since the first encounter. The sphere like shapes are bright gold/orange like a street light. They hover for minutes at a time, flashing on then suddenly disappearing... Then multiple would appear in the same area in perfect formations, often triangular. The flight pattern is what throws me off. They have the ability to hover one way and change direction immediately and shoot off like a rocket, or drop up and down in the sky in a way a plane or helicopter could not. It has been pretty exciting yet nerve racking each occurrence. Its frustrating because nobody takes me seriously. The first time I saw this was when I was living in Sonoma and my mom was with me and saw everything I saw. It was late at night when we went for a walk and I pointed the object out that was glowing like a street light. I knew it wasnt a star etc and we were near Sonoma high. We were on the outdoor basketball court and I used the back board of the hoop to compare the light in the background to something stationary. I could clearly see it bobbing up and down and my mom wanted to go because she thought I was crazy. After convincing her to stay and watching for at least 10 minutes, it approached us and flew right over us. My mom was so convinced and scarred she hid us under a tree line. Shortly after we noticed there were at least 5+ of the same lights scattered throughout the sky. In the last year Ive witnessed this same situation but havent had any fly over to where I could describe the detail of the noiseless craft that was very close above us. Each time Ive seen these they didn't disappear. I watched as long as the people I was with could bare or itd be late at night and couldnt stay all night to watch. I don't have a video camera and my iPhone wasnt able to pick up the footage in the dark. I hope you guys don't think this is BS I just got done watching your show.
