{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1961-10-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549390","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4354","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3025,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/390/mufon-5549390.json","updb_database_id":5549390}
I was out in the country at a relative's farm and playing around with a cheep little B&W box camera. Looked up & there it was.

Outside at my grandmothers farm playing with a small B&W camera.

I practicly (bonked into it)! I had a feeling like a charge in the air, turned to my left and it was just, one of those "Oh MY God" moments. 

I was about 13 at the time but I knew exactly what it was. It was dead silent for a while. Anytime you see that large disk like abject (30 feet in diameter) hovering maybe 20 feet in the air it gets your attention. If it was a Taco Stand it would have had a similer effect.

The object was a silver grey titanium colour, almost looked like it was sandblasted. The photos I took were extreamly clean and sharp. No fuzzy pics here. I was only about 50' from the object.
I like to think that I was pretty cool for a kid but it was just so bizarre. The odd thing was it had three rails on it's bottom half running "Front"? to back about three feet tall and 12" thick with what looked like a small hole drilled through each one lengh wise.

My reaction was getting a little overwelmed and shocky. It was like I knew who they were from before. The air started to feel like when you stand under a high power transmission line. The air crackled. A large cracking sound like a whip and it was gone.

Later when I grew up I contacted Proffesor J.Allen Hynek when he was still living in Ill. After a few chats on the phone I sent him, via registered letter, the only copy of the prints I had. I wish I had saved the negetives but we moved around a lot and, well that's life.

Any way, this was around May 10 1984 and I still have his signiture on the return recipt R197693818 Dr. JA Hynek 1623 ridge Ave. Evinston Ill. 60201. 

He called me back and was just blown away by the photos. I have never personaly seen them on the newstand UFO mags but I think if they ever became public they would have been classics of the first order, rasor sharp, in your face object!

Not long after, I believe Dr. Hynec moved to Arizona and passed on not long after. We never talked about this again after his move and I was wondering if perhaps his wife might know were these pictures may have gotten to. By the way I might have sent these photos as slides.

If you can help in this matter I would be so gratfull and perhaps we can put another piece of the puzzle in it's place. 

Sincerely Sela Annette Rice
