{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-25 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479390","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80711","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2948,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/390/mufon-5479390.json","updb_database_id":5479390}
{jpg} thermal scope,round disk,also dull grey color,seen with eyes 1 time

ok, i noticed,with my eyes, a round dull metal colored disk hover 200 foot above my house,i shinned a green laser on it ,it disappeared. then i started looking with my flir thermal rifle scope,good quality,i know how to use it. started noticing disks fly around the area near my home,also at the cabin in the country. i got a dvr for my scope and started filming these things. also wittnessed a large group of them out in the country, in a v formation,i shinned a green laser on them,they started changing into different shapes, double v,and v,the a t, or a cross,then a circle that collapse on itself and disappeared.have seen large groups of them several times,moving real high and real fast.all were with thermal except the first time. at first when i seen them i shinned a green laser on them,they would stop come back and hover around for a while.1 morning when i went out in the woods to go hunting,at 4 am, i notice 1 was following me,it scared me,i stopped shinning laser on them,they took notice of me. they also could make my thermal scope have static on it,like they could jam it somehow. i could over come it by turning it on and off. i also cause a strange beam of light on 1 of my deer cameras the same day they followed my into the woods. i also got some strange pictures on my deer cameras, was almost all grayed out,like it was done with a strong magnetic field. but while the picture was a small icon on the computer it was not grayed out,it only became grayed out when you clicked on it to make it larger, there was also a strange beam o light on the pictures,i thought figures below,but not sure. i know these are not bats or birds. i have seen these things make intellagent moves,and symbols in the sky. it almost like an invasion out here. i can go out any night and see a couple of these thing to dozens of them. i have some video footage on youtube. the addreses are  [Links moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
please read the description to each video,it will tell you how many minutes in before the ufos start showing up.   im not adding the footage because it would take about 8 housr for me to upload them.please go to the youtube channels. it took me 8 hours to upload them there.  please let me know whats going on out here,kind of scared and so is my girlfriend
