{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-03 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516390","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41731","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/390/mufon-5516390.json","updb_database_id":5516390}
Was watching two star clusters for about 20 min when a bright white light appeared for a minute, vanished, reappeared in the same location, and then vanished again. It did not reappear after this.

I was camping at Harrison Park in Owen Sound Ontario. I had got the campfire going and was leaning back in a chair looking at two star clusters to the South. The sky was clear to the South. I was actually looking for satellites which I have seen many times in the past. The star cluster to my left had about 10 stars and the one directly ahead and located between two tree branches at a 60 degree elevation had about three bright stars and a fourth faint one. I was looking from one cluster to the other for about 20 minutes when I observed an aspirin/penny size bright white light in the smaller star cluster. The light had not been there during the previous 20 minutes. The light was stationary and I could not discern any flashing wing or tail lights. It was a steady white light about a 1,000 times brighter than a star. It was at a high altitude. The light looked highly unusual to me. After about a minute I looked away to the larger cluster briefly and when I looked back to where the light had been it was no longer visible. After abut 4 minutes it reappeared in the same position (I had a fix on the adjacent stars and the two tree branches); once again it was stationary. After about 30 seconds it went out as I was looking at it. It seemed to go out from its right side to left side (looking at it)in a rapid action that took about a half second or less. I told my wife and about the light but she had not been looking at the sky. I remained looking at the sky in that sector for about thirty minutes but everything remained normal. I did not notice anything unusual in the sky for the next 7-days - which I spent in Harrison Park. I have been camping in Harrison Park in the first week of August for the past 6-years without ever having seen anything in the sky that I could not explain. During that time I would commonly spend about an hour a night looking at the stars on clear nights. I am familiar with planes, Venus, and satellites. I was excited by this observation because I was unable to match the light to anything I had seen before.
