{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-24 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479494","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80600","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/494/mufon-5479494.json","updb_database_id":5479494}
{rjl} Girlfriend spotted 3 reddish-orange orbs in sky to our relative south

My family was outside, having to jumpstart my car, as well as my girlfriend's sister's vehicle. Once we got them running, I heard my girlfriend say; "what is that?" At that time, myself, my girlfriend, a family friend, as well as our 2 adult children witnessed three reddish-orange lights in the sky. I looked for FAA signal lights and saw none on any craft. They were coming from the south, heading NNW, and quite slowly...maybe the speed of a Cessna or a low-flying helicopter, at its typical service speed. They were flying in a straight line, in a loose trailing formation (one behind the other). I'm uncertain about altitude 1 it was already pretty dark out, or of relative distance from each other. 

Within about a minute of observation, the third craft turned off its light. The other two followed suit about a minute after that. Although it was dark, we could still see the crafts sans illumination, but I was unable to make out any definitive structural characteristics, except that they appeared to be a light grey color. They made absolutely no noise. No propulsion, whirring, anything. Silent. 

I have been a bit of an aeronautical hobbyists since I was a kid, and having lived in the desert southwest, I am fully aware of experimental aircraft testing. This didn't feel like that. Logic kind of kicks in saying "if these are top secret military craft, why would they risk flying over a heavily populated area?" They can be seen and things can go wrong. Can't keep a secret if that secret crashes in downtown for everyone to see. But I digress. I can't really describe exactly what I felt...fear? Excitement? Intrigue? 

We were so taken by what we might have been seeing, none of us thought to take pictures or video of this incident. I really wish we had. 

If you have any questions, please email me with the address provided. 

Thank you.
