{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-02-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547494","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"16258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4155,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/494/mufon-5547494.json","updb_database_id":5547494}
Followed by object.

I had been driving since yesterday morning on my way back to Mesa where Rick P. and I were renting a house. It was February 15, 1979 at night although I don1t know what time it was, the sky was crystal clear as I made my way through the mountains from Winslow down to the valley. There was literally no one else on the road, so I was able to use both lanes as I speeded around mountain curves. I was close to Strawberry and there was still snow covering the ground when I looked up through the windshield to see a strange aircraft moving west to east fairly slowly. It was a golden color light and looked like it had light protrusions sticking out from the center. I saw no blinking lights at all and as it moved to my left it drove my curiosity enough to totally stop on the road and roll down my window so I could hear the sound it made. I stuck my head out the window, but there was no sound. Just about then it1s light dimmed to the illumination of just a star and it speeded up quickly moving to above a mountain towards the North and it stopped and hovered. Well I rolled up my window and started driving down the mountain and I thought 1did I just see a UFO1 and as I thought about what I just saw I tried to figure out what else it could be. I was driving at about 80 mph and after about 5 minutes I was down below the snow level and the road turned with the mountain from a southerly direction to an easterly direction and I glanced to my left to look North at the mountain the aircraft was hovering over, and it was still there, but just then a rock pile on the side of the road blocked my view and when I had drove beyond it I could see it sitting there not moving. I jammed on my brakes coming to a screeching halt. Rolled down my window and looked at it. It came at me so bright so fast that within a half a second it had moved 10 miles to right in front of my face. The light was so bright, I was so scared I was shaking and couldn1t find first gear for seemed like forever, but I nailed the gas and the thing started following along side just off the edge of the road which was a 300 foot drop. I was able to get that car up to 90 mph and the object stayed with me for 10 minutes. As I drove I was nervous and I kept looking at my speedometer and then at the object hoping gravity would pull my car faster until I came around the mountain where you could see the lights of Phoenix. The valley was lit with a million twinkling lights. The object appeared to speed up and then disappeared over the valley. I could not believe what I just witnessed. Was this a UFO? As I continued to drive home I could not wait to tell someone. As I drove I finally made it down to the desert floor and after about 3 miles I looked up and saw it again just hovering about 100 feet above the desert in front of me where I had to drive. I slowed down to 20 mph and it crossed over the road in front of me. But it still was hovering about 100 feet off the road. Although I was scared I kept driving and as I passed just off to the left under it I could see it was more of a large object and the golden light was under it. After I went passed it, it did not move from it1s hovering position. Now I started driving at normal speed trying to make it home. I had a long way to go because floods had washed out all the roads through the river bed. The only crossing point was in Tempe on the Mill St. bridge. That took about an hour. When I got home it was 3a.m. and Rick was sound asleep. Well I decided to just go to bed and tell him about it in the morning.
