{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455494","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/494/mufon-5455494.json","updb_database_id":5455494}
{jpg} Looked like a star in the sky for half an hour until an airplane flew under and it began following it.

Alright firstly, I gave approximate dates because I can't remember exactly when it happened. I know it had to be 2007-ish and it was late at night, probably near midnight when it happened. I'd also like to say I have never seen anything paranormal in my life aside from this event and I do not believe in anything paranormal but I do believe in alien life though i'm skeptical if it has visited earth. 

My brother and I were walking his dog late one night in our backyard in the country. There was no moon out and no clouds so the sky was covered in stars. While my brother was smoking a cigarette we stood around talking while he dog walked around and I kept staring at this one particular section of the sky for no particular reason other than I was enjoying the view of the stars.

There was one patch of sky with an upside down triangle of three stars. After maybe thirty minutes of chilling there and talking I hear and see an airplane in the sky toward the west coming over the tree lines. It was obviously an airplane, had the flashing lights and all and I watched it approach our area. 

Just as it passed under the star triangle above us the bottom star began to move and follow the airplane at a steady pace without changing speed. My brother and I both saw this happen right at the moment it happened as I was watching the plane the whole time as it passed over us near the patch of sky I was observing the whole time.

There is no way it was an actual star as i'm sure you know anything moving at that speed had to be in atmosphere. I have never seen anything like it before or after though my brother said he witnessed a similar event days later while walking his dog alone. I tend to believe him as he isn't one to make these kinds of claims and I saw the same thing with him during the first event.

I'm sending this to MUFON since it's something that pops into my head every now and then and no one believes us as it's honestly really crazy sounding. I don't think i'd believe it either if I hadn't seen it myself. 

If you have instances of this kind of sighting happening to other people or any other information you can send me i'd appreciate it. It's just something i'm really curious about. Like I said, it's the weirdest thing i've ever seen.
