{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-03-02 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488571","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71071","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3026,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/571/mufon-5488571.json","updb_database_id":5488571}
{jpg} landed in front of me when a 6 yrish boy.

When I was around 6 yrs (1976) the family lived outside Eustis, Fla. We were moving and the house was empty of furniture, and as a kid thing me and my brother, a year younger, were spending the night sleeping in our sleeping bags in mom and dad's bedroom. We slept at the end of the bedroom that had a sliding glass door opening onto small deck. Since the ground dropped away to a small lake, the deck was elevated about 5 feet off the ground.
 Down the ground sloaped to the small lake then the ground rose back up on the other side. A road ran from right to left on the high ground across the lake. I woke up just in time to see what I thought was an ambulance emerging on the road to the right from some trees. I was flashing like aan ambulance and proceeded to move straight from left to right along to road across the lake. where a small dirt road runs from that road to the lake used by fishermen to put in boats, it turned in and followed the road down to the lake. I noticed that under all these flashing lights was a solid object casting a small shadow directly under neath. red and white lights flashing like crazy it came to where the dirt road hits the lake and i figured it was some guy putting his boat in (at maybe 3 am or so) it proceeded to cross the lake moving a few feet above the water and making no sound. When it hit the shore it glided up to that deck, just off the corner off it. it flashed red and whit light a a brilliant white light that was unreal. 
 I got up off the floor and started to walk to the glass door, saw my little brother sleeping on the floor next to me, and noticed that the object was shaped like a 10-12 foot tall dull lead kind of top. I got up and walked to it and the next thing I know it's the next morning.
 The next morning were siting at the breakfast table and I said to my parents "Did you see the aliens land on the lawn last night?". They laughed and I was kind of ticked they didn't believe me.
 That night my brother and I were sleeping back in our bed room still on the floor, and I woke up real late early in the morning and I noticed a brilliant light out side the the window. Sitiing on the floor i turned to wake my brother and show him the light but I couldn't wake him and he was stretched out super taught with his mouth stretched wide open and so were his eye and he couldn't/wouldn't close them That is all I remember.
