{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-22 21:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496571","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62823","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4110,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/571/mufon-5496571.json","updb_database_id":5496571}
{rjl} An entity (or possibly more) entered my apartment, and I witnessed this directly.

This is only the most recent occurrence, though I have had other experiences that might interest you more. This recent visit began last night, in my apartment. 

I walked into my bedroom, taking off my uniform, after work. From the corner of my eye, I saw a mist-like movement made of white light, which moved horizontally from left to right, turned near the wall, and moved upward at about fifteen degrees. The motion was fluid, and the turn had a curvature to it as it happened. Dismissing it, I turned off the light, and walked in to my living room. It was here that I saw the form directly, as I stared, lost in thought, toward my kitchen. It moved in front of me, about four feet from the floor, from right to left. It was much like a cloud, but it did not disperse, as smoke would. It moved into my son's bedroom. which was empty and dark at the time, and lies on the other side of my apartment. I felt as though I were not alone, and called out. "I saw that," I said. "You ought to know that you can't hide from me." I heard a sound coming from the room, which sounded like one of the toys being moved, or disturbed. "There's no reason to hide," I said. "I'm not going to hurt you. Just come out slowly, and we can talk." The sounds happened again, and I walked to the open doorway of my son's room, and looked into the darkness. "If I try hard enough, I'll be able to see you. There's no reason to go hiding in the dark. That's why people are afraid of you. It's scary." In front of me, a shadow formed against the dimly lit wall in the bedroom. It was about seven feet tall, and shaped like the outline of a man. "There you go," I said. "Still, this shadow stuff is pretty creepy. Just come out here, and we can talk. I'll move away from the door." I stepped back about twenty feet, into the middle of my living room. "I'm nice, there's no reason to be afraid of me," I said. As I was speaking those words, a red-orange ball of light floated from my son's room, about five feet from the ground, and headed over my couch, and through the closed window. I saw it as clearly as I have seen anything else. A half-second after seeing it pass through the blinds (and presumably, the glass), I heard a commotion on my porch, and felt the vibration of something running down the stairs. I opened the door to see an enormous, mostly gray male calico cat walking briskly away. I have been watching the local cats at night, just in passing, and have given them all nicknames. I have never seen this cat before. He was the size of an English Bulldog. I called out to him, and though his motion indicated that he had heard me, he did not slow down, or turn around.

They came for me again, later last night. I wasn't surprised.

I have seen a few UFOs, and have had several experiences. I have two working implants at the moment, and have even been able to keep four memories on board the craft. I have never even imagined a scenario like this.

I would like to state, plainly, that I am relied upon by many people for my intellect, and analytical nature. I am not given to hallucinations, and am a well-adjusted, happy, and steadily employed man. I have been reluctant to share my experiences, and it is a well-kept secret that only a small number of people know about. After last night, I have decided to reach out, and attempt to find others who have experienced some of these occurrences.

Thank you for reading.
