{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-15 14:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491571","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/571/mufon-5491571.json","updb_database_id":5491571}
{dr}it was as if it just popped in behind the bomber for just a moment then it was gone.

Every now and then the military has been having stealth bombers fly on a low level practice bombing run flight path the goes directly over my home about once a month. On this day I went out to take some pictures of the bomber as it flew over my home to show on my social media page. I had taken many pictures that day but on the last pass I took 3 pictures in rapid succession. The time period took about 3 seconds. 1 second per picture on my cell phone. Picture 1 had the bomber only in it. Picture 2 had something behind the bomber. It looked like a small craft roughly about 1/10th the size of the bomber. It was black in color and there looked to be a white light on the back end which to me suggested a exhaust or flame. Picture 3 only had the bomber in it once more. The other craft was gone. 30 seconds later as the bomber turned to the west I heard it go supersonic and it broke the sound barrier. They had never done that before on their practice runs. That was the only time. 3 days later 2 bombers returned and did around 7 or 8 low level flights using my home it seemed as a center point where they would turn and fly off into another direction. Each flight run came from different directions that day. They did not fly on their normal practice pattern. I compiled the pictures and have enclosed them. To show my sighting. Picture 1 shows the sequence of the pictures and the event. The others are the pictures from my cellphone. I have had 4 more sightings of different craft since but all were too far away for my cell phone to pick them up. One shaped like a missile. All white with small square wings on the tail only. One that was just one light in the night sky that met up with a 2nd which was stationary and I thought was a star till it flew off in another directing meeting up with a third that did the same thing. One that flew directly over my home that have 8 barely visible gray lights in a straight line. Not one after the other but side by side. One was a formation that I thought was a flock of birds but they flew in too perfect of a formation and when I looked at them in binoculars I could see they were all v shaped craft. White, gray and black in color. I do have each event documented down in a log book I started.
