{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-28 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485571","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74160","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2887,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/571/mufon-5485571.json","updb_database_id":5485571}
{jpg} Saw 2 red orbs in the sky, flashed a lighter at them,then they began to move erratically back and forth.

I will preface this by saying I am not crazy or on drugs, I am former military (US.ARMY 82ND airborne).My girlfriend and I went to New Hampshire to stay for the weekend of August 27,28,29 in 2010 at our friends newly cleared heavily wooded vacation property, it was located just north of Maddison N.H.and just south of Laconia N.H. right near Lake Winnipesaukee. It was Saturday the 28th, it was roughly 11:45pm, a friend and myself were outside sitting by the fire when I noticed 2 red glowing balls very high in the sky, It was crystal clear out that night and not a cloud in the sky,I commented to my friend saying I wonder if that's a satellite or planet honestly had no idea what it was,so jokingly I said maybe it's aliens, then I pulled out a flashlight and began flashing it in the sky in the direction of the red lights, I was only joking with my friend saying maybe they'll answer.At this point both red lights began to move back and forth erratically and pulsating a red glow, It was still to far away to make out any details, my friend and I became extremely unsettled at this point, I immediately stopped flashing the light, when I did they kept pulsating moving back and forth from left to right. Now is where it gets a bit strange. We are literally in the middle of nowhere in the woods and as the red lights were still moving around and flashing, I see this very bright white orb about the size of a softball slowly moving through the trees about 4 to 5 feet off the ground towards me and my friend, I asked my friend what is that? He replied very shakily with firefly maybe? I laughed and said fireflys flash they don't just glow. This orb passed right in front of us no more than 15 feet away, it slowly passed us and down the front side of the trailer it then made a sharp right hand turn at the end of the trailer and disappeared. I turned to my friend and said what the heck just happened, then we both looked up and the two red lights were gone too. Was it a UFO? What was that white orb? Some sort of probe? I don't know but none of slept that night and we left the next day. I haven't been back since. This is the first time I am speaking publicly about this.
