{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-05-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520571","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/571/mufon-5520571.json","updb_database_id":5520571}
I would have never guessed this would happen, but

Actual date, uncertain if 1995 or 1996. The Oakland Press (Pontiac MI) had a feature the nest day describing 20 reports to Waterford airport, supposedly a "helicopter". Beginning about 11:30 PM, looking west from an area in Waterford MI near the Clarkston border, we were looking NW at a spot above Pontiac Lake--the lake, not the road of the same name. I thought I was seeing a helicopter about to ascend, it had a sort of rotation to it, but then changed lighting upon each rotation and appeared to change in size and shape. Actual shapes of all objects on this sighting were difficult to determine due to it being night, and the formation of the lights. It looked extremely odd, I pointed it out to my friend, the object ascended noiselessly and vanished into the dark. Shortly afterward, a group of three 3-light (triangle-shape to lighting formation) smaller objects came into view, and danced around in a manner like insects, sporadically blinking out and reappearing elsewhere. Sometimes 1, or 2, never more than 3 visible at any one time. Large object was still not seen again (yet). At one point, one of the small objects flew in an arc, then split into two and rejoined, all in the same arc--which confirmed that we were seeing something amazing here. No noises from these at any time. Later daylight travel suggested that these were likely no farther than 1/2 mile away, but were much closer, too. At one point, a brightly lighted globe was visible from direct west, sort of floating as if on a direct track, revolving in slow motion. As it came toward us, it was visible as a dark purple-pink--red globe with bands of bluish electrical bolts coursing over its surface. It flew directly over us at a height of about 12-15 feet from the ground, lighting two houses in red light from is glow, and the object maybe have been 3-5 in diameter, kept going to the east until no longer visible. More activity from the small lights and the on/off behavior and fast movement was viewed. Then the large object approached from direct west from within a half-mile. It had a difficult-to-define wedge/triangle shape, pulsing color and size, and my friend pointed out a hazy blue whirlwind underneath it that you could see was picking up debris: paper, branches, etc. I marked visual haze that in the form as cloud, though it wasnt smoke or vapor. While looking at that (like a desert heat haze, but bluish and opaque and moving) whirlwind, a couple of small shooting star objects came off of the large object and went to the ground. It came closer, to within about 100 feet of where we were, and was right over a nearby house, illuminating it in deep red. At that point the object may have appeared to be greater than 60-70 long, but its shape and size morphed all the time. So when it was above the house, I said "Im going!" and ran right toward it. Jumping a fence, a dog barked, it took off and vanished, but reappeared several minutes later, the last time we saw anything that night. Im absolutely certain we were treated to something extraordinary. These were not normal aircraft (we even saw a cargo plane during all this at far higher altitude, heard it, and knew what it was immediately--these were NOT helicopters!). Again, no audible noises, and it was a very quiet night overall. Area is semi-rural but sporadically developed, near highway I-75 and other major roads, several miles west of Pontiac. Temperature was maybe mid-40sF, extremely clear night, no visible clouds at all, and the sky in that area has a broad visibility range, no light pollution in that area. From the first sighting to the last moment, this ran at least 45 minutes. It was full of such stunning moments that it made me laugh at other UFO incidents that were minimal at best: we were given quite a show. Number of witnesses represents our sighting, but the newspaper reported 20 calls (and we didn't call, so many saw this).
