{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-08-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486571","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73129","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4492,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/571/mufon-5486571.json","updb_database_id":5486571}
{cak} Rotary sound with buzzing then bright lights. Eerie paralyzing feeling. Abduction/Exam

I was a kid, sometime around 1991. I believe it was during the summer break between 3rd & 4th grade. Someone before the event I started to pick up the heightened sense of perception regarding aliens. That and this omniscient feeling something was coming. I remember discussing aliens with my older brother. We shared a room. My mother and former step-father slept downstairs as well as my older sister. My younger brother and step-brother shared a room adjacent to mine. One night, I felt a guiding voice warn me to wake up and that they were coming. I awoke to the feeling of a tractor beam forcing me into a state of paralysis on my bed. I finally broke free after much persistence. I heard a whirring sound, almost like a helicopter along with a search light. Initially I thought it was a military related event. I looked out my window to see an object hovering at tree level and shining light into various areas outside and into others homes. I think they eventually saw me but I have no recollection of what the craft looked like other than a bright spot light. A feeling told me to warn the others in my house. Initially, I tried to wake my older brother to no avail. He seemed to be under the spell of the tractor beam. So I raced down stairs to no avail at waking my mom or her husband or my sister. When I was in my mom's room the light got more focused and I could hear beings outside. I ran in terror to my younger brother's room. It seemed I could wake them to no avail either. I was a child afraid out of my mind. I began to lose hope and accepted that I was going to probably die. I made one last attempt to awaken my brother. Finally, after much force, I was able to awaken him. He was overwhelmed with fear. I tried to explain to him what I knew when he cried "What do we do?" At that point I knew it was too late. I grabbed my brother and cradled over him in a protective manner and reassured him I would protect him from harm. Suddenly a loud hum blast prevailed while the house became immersed in white light. The next memory I have was waking up on an operating table with 4 or 5 beings standing over me. They had gangling arms and long necks. Dark eyes. Grey/green skin. They were performing various surgeries on me. They were very forceful. They spoke to me telepathically and seemed to be very upset with me. One of them labeled me a fighter and told me it would go easier if I didn't fight. When I look back now I see them as just doing their job in whatever global medical experiment they are here to perform. At the time however, this occurrence really frightened me and had an impact on my feelings about aliens for a long time. (I could not watch X-files or any program about aliens until adulthood.) The last memory I have on the operating table was them inserting a long object into my penis and then I woke up the next morning in my bed, feeling glued to it. I was still in some pain from the various experiments for a while but for the most part it subsided quickly. I soon asked my brother if he remembered the event, which he confirmed. We both took to asking the rest of the family if they remembered anything peculiar. They did not and did not believe our story. At the time we decided it best to keep it quieted. Since that time my brother has told me he remembers nothing of what happened but doesn't deny that it was possible. I have one scar on my left palm I have never been able to account for but am unsure if it had anything to do with this event. This is a memory I have carried with me since it happened. I always wonder if I remember this much now, I wonder how much I am repressing. Since this time I feel a strong connection to movies and music regarding aliens and abductions. The movie Dark Skies resonated strongly with me when I watched it earlier this year.
