{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-08-01 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468571","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2246,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/571/mufon-5468571.json","updb_database_id":5468571}
Walking across yard from grandparents with dad after intense electrical storm . Both seen and heard the object as it maneuvered around poles and trees at constant speed and height.

Not even sure if this is worth reporting after the elapsed time but fairly positive myself and my dad would have been only witnesses given the early morning hour. Yes I was very young when this happened but I often ask dad how he remembers it. We both seem to have been first drawn to it by the static crackling sound, not really loud but it passed us at maybe 100 feet distance and was no more than 20-30 feet from the ground. It appeared to be covered completely in flame but tight to the surface , unaffected by what little wind resistance at the slow speed it was moving. It left a trail but more of a heat trail than smoke , whatever it was dispersed quickly making it look like it was dragging a short heat mirage that was barely smoky. It changed direction slowly as it moved forward, at first not to avoid anything but as it neared the road to the east it did actually need to avoid very tall, old trees which it did. I have always remembered this like it happened yesterday. Surely this has some scientific explanation where it occured during an intense electrical storm but I have had more experiences and have tied them to experiences of others within my family that leave me a lot more doubtful they are explainable but hypnosis is something I always considered to tie up my end of the mysteries. They are actually where I was going to go with this report but if speaking to someone were more likely I'm pretty sure they would agree there is more to explore.
