{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-07-14 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499571","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59563","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/571/mufon-5499571.json","updb_database_id":5499571}
{dr}Walking

Myself and 3 of my friends when we where young (12 years of age) witnessed several alien looking beings walking down a dark suburban sidewalk temporarily becoming exposed under a street light as they walked past. They startled all of us but we did not appear to impact them especially myself and my friend Steve R. who were directly across from them. They continued along the sidewalk and turned northwest right past the other two witnesses who were hiding behind bushes from Steve and myself. When they passed us, Steve and I took off running to the one witnesses home (I don't think to this day have I ever ran so fast). Shortly after that the other two witnesses came running to the same house and saw us hiding behind a yellow station wagon. We all were looking at each other and said did you see that what the heck was that? We if I recall correctly mentioned it to Dale's mom I am not certain, it has been a little while but I remember exactly what they looked like and where it happened (If we did mention it obviously no one believed us). I shortly after the incident moved away for roughly 36 years but have seen all 3 of the others since I moved back only briefly. I mentioned to them do you remember when we where young and bam they all said yes, still getting the what was that response, we never had a chance to discuss any details since we met only briefly. I have looked for Steve since then because he and I seen more than the other two (hiding) but have been unable to locate him. I know some details that only Steve would know that is why I have tried to find him I wanted to talk with him more in depth just for my own curiosities sake. These entities looked almost human but different I am certain what I saw and it was not Halloween. Why wait so long before mentioning it to others I have not waited I have told people about this for many years who believes, who does not, I do not have a clue, but I know what I saw, NASA is close but they where not from the earth astronauts.
