{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-02 04:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474599","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/599/mufon-5474599.json","updb_database_id":5474599}
I saw a low bright light in the sky. Viewed it for many miniutes. Took a video,watched it disappear.

Our family dog was acting strange from about midnight on, just like he dose when there is a thunderstorm outside. He will shake and act irratically and often pant quite heavily, ( there was no thunder storm it was a mostly clear night). I got up to take him outside and decided I too would go out and watch him from the patio. Immediately I noticed the bright light and thought it was a low flying airplane, but it wasn't moving towards or flying over us. Now I'm thinking it is a helicopter but there is no noise from any type of engine and it appeared to be hovering higher than what a helicopter would. I continued to watch the object move left to right and up and down at a very slow steady speed for approximately 20 minutes. I went back into the house and woke my wife and we both went back outside to watch the light in the sky and we could see three distinct small lights that formed a triangle within the round white/silver circle that would come on and off a couple of times. It was now my wife noticed the object was spinning as it was hovering in the sky. We then decided to video what we were seeing and my wife went into the house to get the IPad while I continued to watch. We videotaped this object for 30 minutes doing what I described earlier. She now left to go back inside and I continued to watch the object. This was all happening in the eastern sky and the sun was just starting to come up, as it got lighter out the object started to rise at a steady rate until it disappeared from view. Upon viewing the video I too could now see the spinning motion that I did not see earlier and the video also showed a distinct cross pattern underneath the object. The next morning I viewed the same object at the same time doing the same type of movements for approximately 13 minutes before it disappeared into the clouds! We all wondered what it was and it has spawned a lot of curiosity and research on my part. I hope you can help out with what we have seen now a couple more times. Thanks.
