{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-24 04:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507599","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51095","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/599/mufon-5507599.json","updb_database_id":5507599}
{nd} cluster of hovering yet moving blinking multi-colored lights observed in southern sky

During the morning of September 24, 1013, approximately 3.50 am, I observed a cluster of lights low in the night sky, through my side door1s window, which faces south. Intermittent sleep that night and while I was walking down my hallway I first noticed at a glance the Moon being very bright, and glancing thru the window I immediately spotted a cluster of blinking lights where I had never noticed any previous to this night.
As close a meteorological report as I can make it, the night was very clear with a very bright three-quarter Moon, and it not in any direct line of or view of these lights, and only very, very high altitude wisps of a cloud here and there. Very many stars very clearly seen throughout the sky as well. Winds aloft in our southern sky were forecast at 6 to 9 mph at 6000 ft., not unusual for that time of night, and time of year. 
The lights were in the southern sky, at 152 degrees relative, declination of about 25 degrees from the horizon, a very tight cluster of blinking lights. Not fixed per location per se, but slightly bobbing up and down and some side-to-side motion, always in unison, but always remaining within about a five degree arc, or circle, that same spot of the sky. Difficult to define the distance to the lights but based upon the ease I could see the lights changing and alternating, I1ll estimate them approximately two to five miles distant. 
Multicolored, reds, blues, greens, with a very bright white always staying in its center of the cluster, all alternating colors from one side of the cluster to another, and from to bottom and back again, with no discernible pattern as I could observe. At no time did the cluster of lights separate, but stayed in its configuration throughout the observation, which lasted at least forty-five minutes, uninterrupted during that period, with the lights remaining in the same relative position. About forty-five minutes into the event, I observed the cluster had changed position to about forty degrees declination and to approximately 195 degrees relative. I did not observe this movement as I had moved away for about five minutes from the window, it was when I returned to it I instantly noted they had moved. The cluster then remained in its new position for some time, approximately thirty minutes, when at that time they simply vanished. One moment they were there, the next they weren1t.
