{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-10 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506599","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52162","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3270,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/599/mufon-5506599.json","updb_database_id":5506599}
{kt}Cluster of fast moving lights in the sky overhead early morning while walking dog.

I rose to take my dog out to relieve herself at 5:00 am the morning of Sunday 11/10/13. It was very cool, clear sky with many visible stars. While standing there I observed a singular bright light traveling towards us off in the distance to the southwest moving in a northeasterly direction until it passed overhead and continued on its course. While I took note that it was brighter than satellites Ive seen before (about as bright as Jupiter), I initially didn't think anything of it & assumed in could have been the SOCE satellite or space station as it didn't blink and traveled slowly along a straight path as Ive witnessed many satellites do on other occasions in the past. I continued standing outside with my dog in the still cold air for a few minutes after that and realized I was getting a very uncomfortable, uneasy feeling. It was very still and quiet. No wind or no traffic noise. I noticed my sleepy dog suddenly became anxious and then some doves roosting in one of the trees stirred and fluttered among the dry leaves. I turned in the direction of the tree and at that moment looked up over my shoulder and noticed a group of very distinct, faint lights traveling at a very fast rate of speed over my left shoulder which then moved directly away from me at a slight angle from where I stood. They left no visual trail behind but were clearly visible moving in unison. They appeared to be traveling in the exact opposite direction of the singular light I had previously observed. It was difficult to make out the exact shape or precise details but the 4-5 (or more) faint white lights appeared to remain in a constant relation to one another and moved away at a constant rate of speed and altitude. I didn't get the impression that they were extremely high in elevation (1000-1500 ft.) They did not appear in any way to be shooting stars or debris burning up in the atmosphere and traveled at too high a rate of speed to be any aircraft that Ive ever seen before in my life. I was left with the impression that it was a singular object as the area between the lights appeared to be flat black or very dark grey. The entire event was over in 4-5 seconds before the lights faded out of view as they traveled away. It really creeped me out as I realized that with its appearance, it could have been there all along motionless and I wouldnt have noticed it as it would have been concealed among the surrounding stars undetected. I just stood there for about a 30 seconds in shock questioning myself in disbelief until I finally gathered my thoughts and hurried back to the house.
