{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-19 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482599","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7099,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/599/mufon-5482599.json","updb_database_id":5482599}
{jpg} I saw this being appear inside my room, in front of the door. It was very tall, very skinny, with long and skinny limbs and fingers.

Sometime in November a few years ago, 2013 or 2014, my brother, his girlfriend and their baby were living with us. We also had 2 dogs, a husky and a Chihuahua, neither of them barked. The husky would "talk to us" if anything...but I did hear her bark once when she was frightened by the mail man, only time in 8 years though. The Chihuahua did sort of bark but only when people came to the door and things like that, his barks are not loud at all though. The house we lived in was in Virginia Beach, VA. It was a tri-level home, brother1s family on the top floor and I was on the bottom floor. 

My husband had a job working in Charlottesville at the time, so he was gone during the week. This was a weekday, so I had my 2 daughters sleeping to the right of me, and my son was laying on my left arm. I was holding my phone with my left hand, scrolling through news articles and Facebook with my right hand. I don't recall what time this was, but I feel like it was around 10-10:30, not too late, not too early. I always sleep with a box fan, which was on at the time. I remember distinctly that I was looking at my phone when I had this sudden and very intense feeling of fear of my bedroom door, which was shut. I was so fixed on my bedroom door that I was scrolling through my phone but not looking at it, looking beyond it towards my door. All the sudden I saw this being appear inside my room, in front of the door. It was very tall, very skinny, with long and skinny limbs and fingers. The knuckles and joints were very apparent due to how skinny this thing was. This being had very distinct features in the face, looked almost skeletal. It looked similar to a grey. The eyes were large, but very short so it looked sort of like it was squinting, or maybe it was at the time, I don't know. 

I could NOT move, NOT speak, I was unable to do anything but breathe and think. It came closer to my side of the bed, was so tall that when it bent over my side of the bed it was damn near a 90-degree angle. From my phone light (I had the automatic screen shut off after a certain amount of time turned off) I could see the pores on this thing. The skin looked shiny, but not oily if that makes sense. The skin also looked like a mix of pea green and grey color. I was freaking out because it reached over me with its long arm and fingers and my heart was racing. 

All I could do is think. I felt like this thing was able to pick up my thoughts and feelings, and was able to do the same back to me. I had this strong feeling that when it looked over and saw my kids, I was not in so much danger anymore. Like it had an intention, but changed its mind. 
That's when it stepped back, and I had the oddest sensation I've ever felt in my life. I felt like a vacuum cleaner sucked me up instantly, until I looked down and saw me sitting up, phone still in hand, kids still there, I saw the carpet, my bedding, EVERYTHING. I remember trying to stop but I couldn't. I started reaching the ceiling and was scared I would hit it, but then I blacked out.

I don't remember anything until I woke up the next day, still in the same position as I was when I fell asleep. I had this OVERWHELMING sense that I needed to remember something, and was just so confused and disoriented. I just sat there trying to piece together what happened and slowly I started to remember.

I went to get my phone thinking it was on the left side of the bed or maybe the floor, but it was on the other side of the room in a spot where even if I had gotten up, I wouldn't have put it there. 
I got up and when my brother woke up he started saying something like "man, last night was crazy" or weird, however he worded it. I started grilling him like what do you mean, was Cheyanne (his girlfriend) up, etc. etc.

He told me around 2 am (their normal sleep time was between 2-3 am) he heard the dogs barking like crazy, lots of growling, and movement. He said he opened the door which was on one end of the hall, and he could see into the bathroom which was on the other end of the hall. He said VERY specifically that it was very bright on that side of the house outside (where my bedroom window was on the floor beneath it), I mentioned the word "light" to him but he said it wasn't a light shining on the house, but a light just outside causing that side of the house to be very bright. He said he could see the light shining through the shower curtain and it lit up the bathroom enough to use it in pitch darkness.

Then he said he heard this loud windy sound, and it was all over very quickly. I do NOT remember this AT ALL. To me, this didn't even happen. I am a light sleeper; I usually wake up for anything. I never heard the dogs, never heard the wind, never saw the light. I felt SO "off" for the longest time after this. I1d never had the feeling like my memory was tampered with, or that I had lost time. I didn't feel like I slept. 
After my brother pretty much validated that something strange happened, I talk to my best friend about feeling watched the night before. Then I start going into the details. She lived over an hour away, but she stated that she had a weird event happen to her that same night, same time, saw a being as well. I don't have the slightest clue as to what that means.
I know it can sound like a trippy episode of sleep paralysis. I've had sleep paralysis before too. This was completely in its own zone. I'd definitely feel better just classifying it as SP if it weren't for the other coincidences. I don't know what happened, but I definitely feel like I "left1 forcefully somehow.

I was not on any kind of medication at the time, wasn't under any particularly stress, no history of mental illness, nothing. I don't know what happened. I don't have any proof, no photos, but I do have texts and messages I would be more than happy to share to prove that this did in fact happen. The only question is what REALLY happened. All I know is that I DEFINITELY did NOT feel asleep. I know SP can make you feel like your awake. But I WAS awake. Please let me know what you think. The next few weeks I searched for strange sightings on that night but I never found anything. I haven't looked it up in a while, though.
