{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-17 15:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479599","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80485","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/599/mufon-5479599.json","updb_database_id":5479599}
{cak} It was odd not to see wings on a jet, but I assumed it was the angle of vision. Then I realized it didn't have a tail either.

I was walking up a city street with groceries in hand, in the middle of a weekday afternoon. I initially thought I was observing a jet plane flying a slightly unusual route, but what really caught my eye was that I couldn't see any wings.

Other than that, it looked like a slightly narrow passenger jet, even thickness from front to back, (no bulges in the middle 11it wasn't a blimp, and was moving too fast to be one) flying steadily West at conventional speed and altitude. I stared, thinking it was just the angle in relation to where I was standing, that prevented me from seeing the wings, but in the moment or two I watched it fly across, I never caught even a glimpse of the wings. Because I was initially so sure it was conventional, I didn't bother setting down my groceries to snap a shot with my cell phone.

It's sad, because moments after it passed from my field of vision, I realized one other thing: there was no tail. A tail would have been obvious no matter what the angle. That's when I became certain that this was an unusual craft.

I also noted that I didn't hear a typical jet plane sound, but with ambient street noise in a big city, that wasn't a major factor in assessing the normalcy of the event.

Conclusion:
The appearance was more or less consistent with a white plane on a bright, clear and sunny afternoon 11no shifting, changing energy or spooky lights 1 it's speed and direction were steady but not flying in the typical direction of a plane leaving local airports.

The fact that I couldn't see any wings caught my eye immediately, but I kept staring, trying to see them. It was the eventual realization that it didn't have a tail either, that lead me to think it was quite an unusual craft.
