{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-04-03 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549599","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"2950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2654,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/599/mufon-5549599.json","updb_database_id":5549599}
Strange Object at Sunset

I was driving home from work on Saturday evening. I drive from Tampa to SaintPetersburg which is a westerly path. I had noticed the moon rising in the eastwhen I left work at approximately 1800. The weather was cool and clear and thesky was blue and cloudless.While crossing the Howard Franklin Bridge which joins Tampa to St. Pete, I waskeeping an eye toward the sky to my left over MacDill AFB which is south of thebridge and on a peninusula on the south end of Tampa. There was an airshow thisweekend and I thought I might be able to see an interesting plane or part of theair show. I have lived in or near bases all my life as my father is retired AirForce, my ex-husband was in the Air Force for 12 years and my daughter is now inthe Air Force. I know many types of planes by sight and sound. I was a bitdisappointed as I only saw one plane in the sky which looked like a commercialairliner, complete with contrails. The Tampa Airport was behind me to the NNE.I drove on I275 across the bridge, heading SW I exited on the 118th Street exitwhich placed me due West again. At this point it was around 1845 and the sun wasstarting to touch the horizon. Thats when I noticed what I first thought wasVenus which Ive seen on most nights when Im driving home but about 3 times thesize. I thought it odd to see it when it was still daylight, but convincedmyself thats what it must be. It didn't twinkle or strobe, it was just abeautiful white orb about 12 the size of a full moon high in the sky. At thispoint I was pulled over on the side of the road so I could watch it. It slowlystarted to change shape, going from round to oblong. This seemed to be happeningas the sun was setting lower in the sky. The final shape was almost triangularbut with softer corners. As the sun went below the horizon, the light fadedrather quickly then nothing but blue sky. I guess it was the sun reflecting onsomething.Ive not experienced anything like this before, other than an odd dream mydaughter and I shared back in 1992. I hope others saw the object.
