{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-30 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487599","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/599/mufon-5487599.json","updb_database_id":5487599}
Saw 2 red glowing orbs dance with each other as they moved from SE sky to NW

I went out on my 5th floor balcony to have a cigarette, and saw 2 red spheres flying in a strange pattern from the SE to the NW. I thought they were planes.
While maintaining the same altitude, one would slow down while the other sped up. Then the second one would slow down while the first one sped up. One orb was above the other by a distance of about ten times their diameter.
They seemed low in the sky, approx 500 ft to 3 thousand feet elevation, depending how far away they were.

It's possible they were zigzagging, because as they zigged in my direction, they could give the appearance of slowing down, but actually just be a direction change toward me. One 'zigged' this way while the other 'zagged' that way a bit, their turns were at the exact same time, but out of sync, that is, turning in different directions at the exact same time.
It was as if they were flying in the same direction, but doing opposing zigzags as they followed their flight path, as in a search pattern.
They maintained the same distance from each other, one above the other.

The turns were quick and abrupt. The g-forces would have to be quite high during fast turns like that.

They moved from the Sw to directly south of me, as they continued,
this pattern repeated itself 5 or six times until they moved out of sight behind my building.
I ran inside, grabbed my camera, and ran out the front of the building to get some video.
I didn't see the spheres again, but met two younger men who were quite excited as they told me they'd just seen all this fly overhead, and they said they saw them split up into six red flying balls.
They had both recorded the video on their I-phones.
I was really happy it was witnessed by others, and that they taped it.
I told them both to post their videos online.
