{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-30 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523599","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32343","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5977,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/599/mufon-5523599.json","updb_database_id":5523599}
UFO spotted in Lakewood, CO on 09/30/2011

My friend and I were watching a movie and decided to go outside to have a cigarette. I remember looking at the clock as we were heading outside and it was 7:58 pm on 09/30/2011. As we smoked, I brought up an event that I had witnessed about a month and a half before, at the same location, where I witnessed two bright star-like objects cross the sky, stop, change location and then ascend and fade away (MUFON Event ID 32339). During this time, I was staring at a light shining through the trees at a park right across the street. I assumed that this light was a street lamp from one of the buildings past the park. As I was describing the intensity of the white light from the previous encounter to my friend, I pointed out the light shining through the trees and said that it was about the same intensity as that light. We continued talking for another 30 seconds or so and we were shocked when we noticed the light shining through the trees start to move higher. We were facing south when we noticed the lights getting closer to us. I1m estimating that it was approximately 8:10 pm when the craft started moving north towards us. We both immediately assumed that it must be an airplane off in the distance that was pointing and heading straight towards us that made the light appear to remain stationary through the trees. As the craft got closer, I pointed out that it seemed to be traveling far too slowly for an airplane to remain in the sky.  I asked my friend to run inside and grab his cell phone to get a video of it. My wife was out of town for a wedding and had all of our cameras and video recorders with her. He immediately laughed it off as a waste of time since he assumed it was an airplane. I still didn1t think it was an airplane because of the extreme slow speed, and we then both agreed that it had to be a helicopter. There are quite a few helicopters that fly in the area because of a nearby hospital. I quickly began to suspect the helicopter hypothesis because the craft was getting fairly close and I could not hear any helicopter blades making any noise. Again, I asked my friend to grab his camera, but he still thought we were looking at a helicopter and laughed it off. He mentioned that we were just spooked because we were just talking about UFOs. It was about 20 seconds after that when we could see the outline of the craft appear over the trees across the street. I believe the craft was around 50 feet long and was at an altitude of 300 to 500 feet from the ground. It was heading directly towards us, and we could not have been more centered to its trajectory. Right around this time the very bright lights that were pointing at us from the front of the craft seemed to disappear because the craft began to move directly over us. The craft was completely silent as it approached/passed us and was traveling, by my estimate, about 10 miles an hour. On the bottom, there was a brilliant white light at the nose of the craft and two white lights at rear locations that would suggest it had wings. This also made the craft appear triangular in shape. I had a hard time making out the body of the craft because it was a dark material and it blended in with the dark sky above it. Although they were very intense, the lights on the bottom of the craft did not seem to light up the crafts1 material or the ground below it. Instead, the lights just seemed to glow. To me, the most striking feature on the bottom of the craft was two very large red circular rings that seemed to be evenly placed in the center of the triangular pattern of the white lights. These red rings also had white lights within the center of each circle. Although I grew up on an Air Force base, I have never seen anything remotely similar on any other aerial craft. The red rings of light did not seem to be any type of exhaust from an engine, but instead, an intense glowing red light. There were also a variety of smaller and dimmer lights throughout the bottom of the craft. My friend said at this point that it looked like a carnival ride. I thought that was a strange thing to say, but I couldn1t agree more considering the strange intensity and arrangements of the lights. The whole time the craft was directly above us we could not hear a single sound coming from it. No blades, no engine, just silence. By this time, we were mesmerized at what we were seeing and we were no longer thinking about grabbing the phone camera. Neither of us wanted to miss what we were seeing. The craft slowly went over and disappeared behind an apartment building and we walked further out in the street to see it as long as we could. Right before it passed the building we saw a small personal airplane flying at a low altitude (although it was much higher than the craft we were watching) pass from east to west over the craft. We could hear the sound of an engine clearly and it went away as the small plane did. It made the silence of the other craft stand out even more. My friend has a Masters degree and works at the Federal Center and says he is dumbfounded by what he saw. I am too. If this is our technology, I think our Big Brother is keeping all of the cool toys at the top of the closet, out of sight. If this isn1t our technology1wow. Either way, I1m making sure I have a camera on me at all times. I will never miss a shot like that again.
