{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-21 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494599","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64867","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/599/mufon-5494599.json","updb_database_id":5494599}
{rjl} Saw a bright light move strangely and purposefully for about 2.5 minutes

I was in Northbrook, IL. I was having a cigarette outside my boyfriend's work. You can see the stars pretty well out there some nights (like tonight) and there was one that I assume is the North Star but am not sure. I asked him if it was the North Star, and as he tried to remember I could see that what looked like a very bright star was moving from the top right of the bright star we were observing, toward the left and lowering. There were easily three planes in the area at the time, all which were staying parallel to the ground, all blinking lights, and if not they were all tens of miles (easily) lower than this very bright star-like object. The reason I was amazed is that you could tell that this thing must have been something incredible to give off such a bright light from so far away, and the best part was that the North Star was a perfect point of reference to see how fast and far the object was actually going. My boyfriend is a serious skeptic, and he witnessed a UFO with me in Michigan last summer, which he now doesn't like to admit. He tells people "I don't know it was something", despite watching it zig zag and blast off at insane speeds and distance. This is important to note because he said "It could be a plane... no that's definitely not a plane, because that's a plane... It could be a satellite... no wait it's moving so weird though, wait is it stopping? It stopped? It's moving again..." etc. He is completely dumbfounded with what we just saw. Although we didn't see the craft in detail, it was certainly moving completely unlike any man-made aircraft. There is a zero percent doubt in my mind that this was extra terrestrial. So here is a detailed description of the sighting:

1. We look at this bright star, we see that a round, bright star-like craft is directing itself from the top right of the star (I believe it was north east and moving westward), sort of wobbling up and down but still with observable control. 
2. It then flew (the movement was very fluid and natural) down passed the star until it was equal distance away from the star as it was when we first saw it, only on the other side and below instead of above the star. It kept moving left. It moved up and down in a shallow zigzag and the light was still white and remaining steadily lit, no fluttering or change in size of the object was visible yet.
3. There were 2 points during its path where it stopped, wavered a little, then continued.
4. It got about 5x-6x the distance away from the star, still going left, but starting to move upward. At this point the light was more dim and the object appeared slightly smaller/further away. Then it just disappeared in about 2 seconds, like maybe it dissipated or perhaps shot off too quickly for my eyes to adjust. Then it was gone. This whole thing lasted between 2-3 minutes.
