{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-08 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522985","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33010","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2346,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/985/mufon-5522985.json","updb_database_id":5522985}
A bright green light flying across the night sky

The following event took place sometime during mid-September or towards the beginning (I apologize for not documenting this information sooner for records). It was in the early morning around 4 or 4:30am CT and I had left my apartment to pick up food. As I got to the stoplight at the cross section of 45th st. and Airport blvd, I used this time to look up at the sky to just observe I guess. Then I saw an object that I couldnt identify, which caused me to become quite startled and confused because this was the first time this has happened to me. I leaned forward in my seat to look up through my windshield and noticed it was traveling at a pretty fast speed towards the distance in front of me. I couldnt make much of what I was witnessing, but a few of the valid observations I could make was that it was of a vivid bright glowing green color and traveled to the direction in front of me. At first glance I thought it could have been a firework due to the color of the object, but ruled that out because of the size of the object and its flight pattern. Then I thought it could have been a weapon of some sort like a bomb or missile because it almost appeared as if it was flying and descending into the distance, but from my position I witnessed no supporting evidence of impact or landing. It flew at a fast speed and remained in sight for a few seconds (7-10 sec). I couldnt tell if it was very cloudy that night or not, but that may have influenced my short sighting of the object. I was on alarm for the remainder of the car ride with emotions of shock, confusion, and paranoia. What I witnessed was very strange and didn't share any characteristics that we would see from a normal modern flying object.
