{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-21 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516985","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41115","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2909,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/985/mufon-5516985.json","updb_database_id":5516985}
{nd} Bright stationary light that hovered then moved and disappeared.

I was standing on the front porch of my apartment with two friends. It was about 4:30 in the morning and we had come outside to smoke cigarettes. Ever since I first saw what I have come to be sure was a UFO last summer my eyes watch the sky. While we were talking I noticed nearly directly above us a very bright, star-like light, similar to Venus, hovering in the air. It was completely stationary and seemed to be about 70 degrees above the horizon and a couple miles up as well as a couple miles away from us. I immediately said to both of my friends, "what is that?" and pointed at the object. As we all three looked at it it began to move, from Southeast towards the Northwest. Within just a few degrees it began to flicker a couple of times then returned to its original brightness and then completely disappeared over about 2 seconds, as if someone turned off a florescent bulb and it continued to glow dimly for a couple of seconds. Then, blackness, no trace of it whatsoever. The skies were quite clear that early morning so it had not gone behind a cloud or for that matter building or tree or anything else. We ran out to the street to see if it might reappear, it never did. It was no plane, there were no blinking lines, no shape, just a light brighter than any star or planet but appearing very similar to Venus when it is at its brightest, a blue/white bright star-like light. And when it was stationary could easily have passed as a very very bright Venus. It never made any noise. This sighting is basically identical to one I had in eastern Kentucky about 13 months ago while camping, also in the early hours of the morning. I have also reported that sighting to mufon. What feels good about this one is last summer I was alone when I saw the object, this time I have two witnesses that also saw the object and all three of us agree it was no meteor, plane, satellite, helicopter or anything of that nature. I live near the airport as well as UK medical center, i see planes and helicopters every night. From the moment we each spotted it we were positive there was something very unusual about the object, almost majestic. The whole incident was less than a minute, it had disappeared before I even considered grabbing my camera.
