{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-17 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505985","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2890,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/985/mufon-5505985.json","updb_database_id":5505985}
{kt}Observed

As my daughter and I were pulling out of the driveway to go to the store, I observed a brilliant pulsating white light just above the horizon through the back window of my car. I pointed it out to my daughter and she confirmed she saw it too and said it was probably an airplane. We pulled onto the road facing east and sat there watching it flicker and dart in ways that proved to be it was not an airplane, and I watched it ascend upward at a slight angle OVER the trees and descended in front of them towards us. I backed back into my driveway and turned to face west to try to head towards the highway in the direction that the light seemed to be headed so we could get a better look at it, but by the time we had turned the car around, we realized that it was no more than 100 from us and we watched it fly directly overhead, so we followed it due east for almost a quarter mile towards the woods on the road and lost it just over the trees. We never saw it go any higher than that, but we turned the car BACK around at the edge of the woods, facing east again, and in the half minute it took us to get back to the driveway, it came back from over the trees from the next field down, like it had made a giant loop and it began following us from the field to our north. We lost sight of it from the S-curves on our road, but when we got to the T at the end of the road and turned right, I looked back and saw it floating about 8 to 10 feet above the road we turned off of, following our path. I lost it again behind a barn and then seconds later my daughter said she could see it directly above the back window, which was just out of my field of vision, and we were coming up to a gas station so I pulled in there and she said she blinked and it disappeared, so I jumped out of the car to look for it but it was gone. 
We continued on to the store, but I felt so weird and distracted and afraid that it would be waiting for us to follow us back home, so we went to another store and just before we went inside, we saw the light again, flashing and dancing around to the east above the highway! 
I got out my phone to try to take a video of it but as soon as I hit record, it vanished again. 
We went inside, and I had my boyfriend come and escort us home in case we saw it again.
