{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515985","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42153","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2775,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/985/mufon-5515985.json","updb_database_id":5515985}
{nd} Saw numerous lights that gradually changed colors above Ford Lake.

I was driving next to Ford Lake in Belleville, right over the bridge to get into downtown, to my right I noticed a pattern in the sky that resembled the big dipper, but the stars I was seeing were red in color. I thought that my windshield was playing tricks on my eyes, so I looked out the actual window while driving and noticed that the "stars" I was seeing were very red in color. Since we live so close to Willow Run Airport, I thought that maybe it was something to do with them over there, but it wasnt making sense in my head. I could see other airplanes in the sky, and these objects where just like bright round lights in the sky. I thought they might be jets, because in all there were like 8 or 10 of them in the sky, but that didn't seem right either because it was dark, the airshow was over weeks ago, there was several of the objects, and they were flying slow and close together, without making any noise, and not moving like jets. This was right when the sun went down. Honestly, I became super confused because Ive never seen anything like this. One of the objects was dropping or it looked like dripping... I watched two small "drips" come down, they had a white light about them. There was no flashing lights on these objects, no obvious airplane look to them. They were solid red, then gradually turned orange, and then gradually turned blue. The blue color threw me off the most, because after deciding I thought these things were jets or planes, I thought they might be paper lanterns that people let off during special events or something. Believe me, my brain was racking all the possible things this could have been. I mean, I still could be wrong, but it just felt strange. I felt strange the whole time observing the incident... it was cloudy that night, I couldnt observe any stars that evening. Feel free to contact me, I guess a phone call couldnt hurt, and hey, maybe even you could possibly tell me what I saw. Also, there were other cars on the road, I couldnt have been the only one to see them... it was right over the lake. I didn't see anything else strange that night.
