{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-12-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546706","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"21124","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3463,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/706/mufon-5546706.json","updb_database_id":5546706}
Saucer shape machine flew silent over the sky of south Texas.

McAllen, TX 1994: I don't recall the date but remember I was not at school at the time. I was 17 years old, at the time. I remember my brother was watching a Superman movie so, being bored, I decided to go outside for a while. Out to the side of our house we had a swing set. I decided I would sit on it for awhile. I begun to sing to myself. After a few minutes I noticed something in the sky, out of the side of my eye. I turned to see a ship like I've only seen on TV. It was a UFO. "Oh my God," I thought. I had always wanted to see one to see if they were real but never in my life did I believe I would. The ship was saucer shape. The best I could describe it is like two plates enclosed on each other and a bowl upside down on them. It had lights (blue, red, and yellow or white) consecutively next to each other all around the edge of the ship, just like seen on tv. Aso, like on TV, it had the white light circling around it. However, I noticed the white light circling the ship was not actually touching the ship it was flying independently directly over the blue, red and white lights. Lookingup at it the ship was spinning clock-wise while the white tear drop shape white light flew counter clock-wise. the ship was flying south bound and it seemed as if it was out of clontrol as it wobbled in the sky. It was flying slowly and I really wanted to examine it more, fearing that I would never get to see one again. I don't know why but I begun to mentally will it to slow down or stop and as I did, to my surprise, it did. the ship significantly begun to slow down right away. I don't know how this was flown be it with hand controls, buttons, or verbally at that moment I begun to believe that they are flown using mental control. This would make sence because if it flies as fast as they are suppose to and make the crazy moves they do it would make sense to me they are willed. I feel that by looking at the ship that whomever was flying it was in training. it seemed to me that because the ship seemed like it was out of control and by having me mentally will it to slow down and it did I feel like i was close enough to have a small influence on it that the person flying it. Ti be totally honest I feel, knowing there is an air force base near the city we have to have another site with these machines hidden for military training and use. Also because in thr same area I saw three different UFO's with other people with me to witness them enough times to be a coincedent. Anyway, as the present saucer comtinued south it was headed towards a big tree. i decided as soon as I lose sight of it being behind the tree I would run and grab someone. I did. I pulled my brother out and pointed to the sky at which point he yelled out, "Holy [cms/tg/pd]! A UFO!" It shot off at that point, south bound.
