{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502706","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56290","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2994,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/706/mufon-5502706.json","updb_database_id":5502706}
{cak} started to wake up,felt bound,was blind, before i could become fully aware, heard foot steps,grabbed by the jaw forced to bite down on something, blacked out. on going since childhood

i was in my room asleep. i woke up, it was a little past 3 am. i did not see an object, i was awaken by a strange feeling, almost like before you are in a panic state. i heard something heavy on the roof above me, the tiles where making noise as it moved. i was not sure what to make of the noise. i thought it could be an owl or hawk possibly given the area i live in. It did not feel right though. as i started paying more attention. i noticed that my room was getting darker and darker, this made no sense to me, it was 3am how could my room possibly be getting darker. almost immediately this feeling of dread and extreme discomfort started taking over me, i told myself this is enough. you are tired, this is just your mind playing games. so i turned over in my bed to face the wall. the intensity in the room could be cut with a knife. i could not shake this over baring feeling like i was not alone in my room. some how i manage to fall asleep and i wish i hadn't. I start to wake up again. this time its different, i feel extremely groggy, the feeling you get when you are waking up from anesthesia. i can hear voices but i am not coherent enough to make out the sound. i am trying to open my eyes to see anything but nothing is happening, i am blind. my next thought is to try to move, i cant. i am stuck to what feels like a table. what struck me though is i felt no straps or ties. During my attempt to move i noticed the voices stop. i hear heavy steps coming from my back right shoulder. before i can do anything else something very strong grabs me by the jaw and top of my head and forces my mouth shut. the pressure was so great i thought my teeth were going to crack. i hear a loud pop, my first and last thought was this thing just shattered my teeth and jaw, i noticed a chock like foamy taste in my mouth before i black out. when i awake the next day. i feel absolutely horrible. my face feels like it took a pummeling. my body was in shock and i proceed to puke. when i am in the bathroom, to my amazement, there is not a single mark or scratch on my body despite the horrific pain i was in. This is not my first experience but my my most traumatic. it's been on going since childhood.
