{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-17 20:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483706","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76156","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5018,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/706/mufon-5483706.json","updb_database_id":5483706}
{nd} Fireball/Cloud UFO came out of Window/Cube in the Sky

On April 17th of 2016 I was out in my backyard having a cigarette (I need to quit I know) when I spotted what it appeared to be a "fireball" crossing the sky coming from the West, it was straight ahead from me and was about a few miles up from my neighbor's home and our divider tree line and heading East according to my Iphone compass. Started taking pics with my cell phone, zooming in and out on the UFO as it went by, the sun went over the horizon around 8:40pm when I saw it. It was a crystal clear day and afternoon and sun was reaching the horizon and airplanes were all over the place as usual. Within 10 minutes and already dark it crossed the sky again in same fashion, from same origin point and direction/trajectory but I did not see it making a "U-Turn" the first time so I am guessing there were 2 of these flying in same path. I stayed out super intrigued after the first UFO appeared and had noted the area when it became visible to the eye just above one of the yard's pine trees. I continued looking at the night sky, planes flying by with their beacons, a few stars showing up and then it showed up in the distance, same origin point and within 15 minutes from the first sight. I saw a lit dot except that this time it appeared as if it left something behind or departed from it, something stationary so I continued taking pictures with my cell phone as it went by in the night, same heading as previous UFO. Started as a light at a distance flying FAST with no sound whatsoever then it somehow transformed itself into a moving fireball/cloud with random whites and reds then it disappeared, it went dark and stealth. I must have taken like 100 pictures, some show things that I cant explain, others are just pics of a clear night sky. Whatever this was, it was FAST, SILENT and had the capability to somehow camouflage itself in a cloud form. I did not have a computer which is why I couldn't report it at the time. I used my Iphone "skills" zooming in and out and using editing options to clear the images. I freaked out a bit when I zoomed-in some of the pics and added a bit of brightness, contrast, and even used the red eye as I was running out of options in the phone, I tried it all several times and it finally revealed itself, whatever it was. You all take a look at the pictures and you tell me what you see. I have witnessed a few UFO's in my past including a not so long ago sight also reported here but I have never seeing a UFO as if it came out of a BOX, a window-box-like just hanging up there in the sky, this "BOX" resembles the Microsoft Window in Lock-Screen in most computers. I could've swear this second UFO came out of the "Window BOX" which I didn't notice at first but then pictures revealed it. Could this be a portal window/door to enter the earth atmosphere unnoticed? I can only upload 10 pics so. *In the picture where the UFO is surrounded by what it looks like a red transparent set of flower petals (red cloud form) looking like a fireball from a distance, the UFO can be seen to have a double arrow-end body shape with some X's configuration in the middle, I was able to see through the red cloud by using the Red Eye feature in my Iphone. - It resembles the same UFO shape that a tourist recorded from the Empire State in NYC in April 2 of 2016, posted in the UfoSightingsDaily site.
