{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-21 18:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285706","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117695","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2202,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/706/mufon-5285706.json","updb_database_id":5285706}
Once it shot a beam at us we took off in our cars

So i met up with some people i never met before to buy a lizard. We met at the public library parking lot and were talking when the girls boyfriend starts to stare with this shocked look on his face, he asks do you guys see this? We look up and think its a car dealership blimp at first because its hard and all we seen at first was a light. It was like am rgb light turning all different colors, well we stare at it longer and realize its not near a dealership its above the empty feild, and we make out the object this light is attached to. Its a large diamond shaped ship, with the night at the bottom. We rush to get in our cars and i pull out of my parking space and my headlights are now facing it, so i flip my jighbeams on to look at it better amd i see this bright silver ship. It was undeniable what we were looking at at this point. Then i guess it didnt like me high beaming it so it almost looked like it took a picture of me. It shot this bright beam of light at me and scared we took off. My whole hour drive home in the dark i notice that every light me and my vehicle approached turned off once i got withing about 40 feet of it and turned back on once i was about 60 feet from it. It did this the whole way home. I stayed om the phone with someone because i was very scared. Even when i got to my apartment at the time and parked my car in the parking lot all the lights in the parking lot turned off once my vehicle approached, and stayed off for hours after i parked and shut my car off. The most scary bizzare thing that ever happened to me
