{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492706","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66821","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/706/mufon-5492706.json","updb_database_id":5492706}
A round circle appeared with a man in it. It grew until it stood in front of me

In July 2010 at 10 o1clock I was at work, this was a normal day, and i felt good. This is a big Chickefarm,20.000 free birds in a big very long building. They are the grandparents to the chicks you eat. I was picking up floor eggs along the feed and water area. When I saw and felt a movement in the perception or where a like a wave formed into a round hole that opened up. The hole in the air was about 3 meters up, and at the distance at the end of the building. The hole was the size of a golf ball. It began to move and i saw that there was a man in it. It got big and grew and it moved at the same time towards me, until he was the same size as me. It was a white man, he appeared to be very nice on the outside. He was nice long and slim, a little extreme slim to be normal size. He was dressed in a black suite, white shirt and a slim black tie. As he came close until he was 1 meter in front of me. I felt that he wanted to deceive me, I knew that he was going to tel me secrets but he was going to lie to me. I told him to leave in the name of Jesus Christ. Those words just sprung out of me without thinking. And he swept away to the right and was gone. Afterwords I was a little angry at myself for telling him to go and for not listing. And at the same time, I knew that he did not have god intentions, he came to deceive me. I have been thinking about this happening, and my conclusion is he came from a other dimension and through a portal. I want to stress that I am not a freak and I have a normal life, where everything is nice and I balance and Things like this do not happen.
