{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-21 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497706","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61636","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2508,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/706/mufon-5497706.json","updb_database_id":5497706}
{dr}slow moving lights near sunset

Fri evening about 5:00, My wife called me on her way home. She noticed 3 lights in the sky
as she was coming home from Annapolis and still at least 5 miles away. 
I went into our back yard and noticed the 3 lights to the SW and slowly moving south. 
They were low in the sky and just small spots in the sky. I could not tell how distant,
but seemed to be a few miles. I would guess perhaps 3-10 miles. 

Because they were very strange, I decided to go get binoculars to look at them. They appeared to
be like lighted donuts, but kind of fuzzy like a smoke ring, but with the fat shape of a donut. 
The setting sun was probably creating the light coming from them.

Since I had not seen anything like that before, I went into the house to get my digital camera.
I set it at 10X zoom and got one photo before they disappeared entirely. Unfortunately, I was
a little too late. 

I have attached that photo. You can slightly see two of the three lights. One looks like a little
light at the tip end of a tree branch near the middle of the photo. Another is about 8 O'Clock 
from that one in the branches. If you zoom in, you can sort of see the donut shape. When I first saw 
them closer to me, the angle was better and the donut shape was more discernible. 

Total time from when I got my wife's call until I took that picture was probably 5-8 minutes. 

I don't believe in aliens, so I suspect there is a rational explanation to this. But, I have never seen
anything like it in my 73 years, and, as a former pilot, I watch the sky more than most people.  

The closest thing I have ever seen to this were "sundogs" but they were always quite different than
this.  These did not appear to be like any aircraft I have ever seen, even lighter than air types.
