{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-29 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525908","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29806","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/908/mufon-5525908.json","updb_database_id":5525908}
star like hovering object above line of visible airplanes traveling

I was walking around my apartment complex shortly after 10 PM...not sure of exact time but it was before 10:30 PM on June 29, 2011. I live just off route 981 right near downtown Mount Pleasant (Westmoreland County), PA., south east of Pittsburgh about an hour travel time. 

While outside I was watching the many airplanes moving about in all different directions..some I could see the underbellies of them and the twinkling lights so those ones were either taking off from or landing in Pittsburgh. Others were higher but still I could tell they were airplanes due to the red and white twinkling lights under the wings. 

I could distinguish the stars in the sky as well and knew that the north star is the brightest, however, when looking in the southeast segment of the sky I saw two different phenomenons going on: one looked like a supernova star just twinkling away...big bright white flaring spurts of light. While just off the side of it was a steady bright white light just hovering and not really twinkling but in a slow turn and hovering in place. I grabbed my bifocals to zoom in better and discovered it was more triangular when looking through my bifocal readers. I was certain then that it was a UFO. I watched it for at least another 10 minutes and it just stayed put in this location. I did not wait to see if it would zoom off as others have reported seeing in many other reports I've read in the past on this site. 

I am convinced that whoever they are and where ever they are from they seem to love hovering around Southwestern Pennsylvania during the month of June/July. I saw a triangular UFO in Everson, PA (which is only 7 miles south of Mt. Pleasant.) this same general months time frame in 2010.
