{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-31 20:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497908","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2691,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/908/mufon-5497908.json","updb_database_id":5497908}
Witness and wife observed a triangular shaped object near their home.

On October 31, 2014 at approximately 8:25 pm I was in my back yard letting my dog out and smoking a cigarette. I had my whole house lit up inside and had all my sliding doors and windows open. I was casually looking around outside when something caught my eye above the treeline and power lines that run all the way down my neighborhood. When I first witnessed it, it appeared to just be coming out of a gradual and smooth right turn. It seemed to almost hover for a second and continue south when I yelled for my wife to come outside. She ran out in a matter of 5 seconds and I said "what is that, do you see what I see?" She looked up and at that time it was straightened out and heading south, appearing to be above the treeline by a couple hundred feet. The object looked like a boomerang or triangle shape and almost faded into the night sky and was lit up by the moon (once it got closer to the moon, we could see it a little clearer). It glided effortlessly with no apparent sound and no lights that we saw. It was a clear night, not a cloud in the sky. It was well lit by the half moon. This object appeared to be gray/black but seemed to change like a mirage and we had to focus to see it until it went too far into the distance we could no longer see it. When I first saw it, I quickly tried to rationalize this to being a large flock of geese or large turkey vulture or some sort of large bird. I even thought it may have been a hang-glider. This all went through my brain within 2 seconds and once I dismissed all of these possibilities is when I yelled for my wife to come out which is when she saw it too. Neither of us have any explanation for what we saw in that short 20 seconds or so. We both felt confused, baffled and excited! I have also felt a little bit of anxiety. We tried to contact MUFON of Florida by email the very next day but have never heard back. Almost 2 weeks later and we can't get it out of our minds and keep thinking back on it. We are very curious if there were other sightings in our area.
