{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527908","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27698","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/908/mufon-5527908.json","updb_database_id":5527908}
Bright orange lights after midnight over the UK

Hi,

I am writing to you from the UK but since the event is over a year ago, I don't know if this is of any interest for you.n 

I had my brother visiting me from Germany over Christmas to new years eve 2009 to 2010. We went to friends but for some reason my friend and I did not feel very well and my brother and I went back to my house few minutes after midnight.
While we were going to my car we both were looking into the cloudless sky (missing some fire work) and saw an orange flying object. Then another one and 2 others. My brother then said, that it seems that they are flying in a formation (he was in the army some years ago). Like one leading, one on the left and right bit behind and one on the left side behind the other.

It looked like a triangle shape formation. They were flying very high and we heard no noise like from planes. Interestingly there was no new 'years eve fire work' in that area.
Those objects were very high flying, no noise and far too quick for that hight. Usually when a plane is flying very high it seems moving for us much slower. But those objects were really quick. And suddenly their lights switched off!

The day after I looked into youtube if someone was so lucky to make a little video of it and I found that one:
*(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg).
(but we just saw 4 of those lights)

It might have been that the objects on that video have been those chinese lights but I collected the information of all comments left there and put them on a map. I will send you an attachment with what I found out.

I'm sorry that I wrote it on that map in German but "orange Lichter" means "orange lights". 

My brother had a look onto that map on my google earth I created and said that it looks very much like a flight corridor to him.

What ever it was - military project or UFO's - it was very interesting for me to see it. (Would it make sense to start a military project on new years eve when everybody is looking into the sky???) 

I wish you all well
kind regards
*(Name deleted--CMS/sg).

PS: I am not sure who you are calling "third party" below but for now I would not like to have my details given to third parties.
