{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-04-10 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281908","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2780,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/908/mufon-5281908.json","updb_database_id":5281908}
Wingswept UFO investigates emergency police call at strip mall in Centreville VA - 1996

On a spring early evening in 1996, my son and I went to our second story back deck to see what was going on at the small shopping center (Centrewood Plaza) behind our townhome in Centreville, Va. The rear of our townhome faced the rear of the Plaza but there was commotion/disturbance on the front side of the Plaza in the parking lot area and we could only see emergency vehicle lights reflecting from the cloud deck that was maybe 600 feet up. We could also hear sirens from emergency vehicles. A police helicopter was hovering above the plaza just below the cloud deck and I believe was directing police activity on the ground. The helicopter hovered over the buildings of the Plaza and as we watched the scene and especially the helicopter, a swept-winged craft slowly dropped from the cloud deck coming straight down about 100 feet below the cloud deck. The craft silently hovered some 100 feet or so just to the left and rear of the helicopter. I got a feeling that the craft was very curious as to what was transpiring at the Plaza. The craft itself was about 100 feet in width and length and was about 30 or so feet in thickness. There were "wings" but I don't think they were for lift in flight. The "wings" were about 1/2 the thickness as the body of the craft and were swept toward the rear of the craft. There was no propulsion system that was evident but there was a definite front and a back to the craft. There were no visible lights on the craft but it seemed the exterior was dull metallic grey but in some areas it was even more dull as if there may have been windows that were not lit up from the inside of the craft. So, the craft seemed to "watch" what was going on but only for about a full minute or maybe a little more and then it lifted back into the cloud deck at the same rate it came down from it....rather slowly and easily.  The helicopter seemed to have completely missed the fact that this craft had been near it. I did not report the incident to authorities.
