{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520908","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35492","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2754,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/908/mufon-5520908.json","updb_database_id":5520908}
saw bright light while traveling a long straight road.

we were heading west on county road G12 toward wilsons island state park around 9:00 p.m. to fish at the river. We saw a bright light directly in front of us. Couldnt judge the distance yet. Assumed it was a airplane just turning to land, as it was 20 miles north of epply airport. We kept heading straight as this road is about 5 miles long before it makes a slight right curve then straight again for another 2 miles. It is surrounded on both sides by farm fields. its flat because it is old river bottom. A few farm yards along the road. After the slight curve and straight again is when we first thought it was strange because only now did it seem to be not moving. At the beginning of state ground (Wilsons island on the left, De Soto bend on the right) it turns forested on both sides. We slowed the car to about 5 m.p.h. and went directly under the object. I looked out the window and directly up. It was not a airplane but was a machine of some kind but DID NOT make any noise. It didn't seem to be moving. There are trees about 50 feet on both sides of the road so with the road I would estimate its 150 feet between the trees and the object was well over the trees on both sides. I would guess it was 20 to 30 feet above the trees. Mostly old growth cottonwood around 80 to 100 feet tall. I ducked back in the car and the other person asked what it was and I said "I don't know" and we just went on. We turned left into the gates of wilsons but don't remember looking back. We went to the south west river access which has a fairly open view of the sky towards Omaha and I didn't see any airplanes headed there to land. It is strange that I didn't get out and get a better look because I don't remember being scared. I don't understand why I cant better describe it. After all these years I still remember heading towards it, looking up and seeing it, no noise, and just driving away, like it was no big deal? Another note about that night was the town of Missouri Valley had a huge main transformer blow and the town was without power over night. Missouri Valley is about 15 miles from Wilsons Island.
