{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-03 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471908","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88542","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/908/mufon-5471908.json","updb_database_id":5471908}
{cak} Phenomena appeared in my photos and was noticed shortly after taking them.

Being that tonight was a "super moon," I decided to check it out down at the beach a block from my residence in Ponce Inlet, Florida. I accessed the beach from the parking lot that feeds from Ocean View Avenue along South Atlantic Avenue.  I was actually in conversation on my cell phone. The view of the ocean with a full moon was spectacular to say the least, so I put my friend on speaker while accessing my camera. I took 3 photos while continuing my conversation.  The first shot was a vertical one. The 2nd and 3rd were horizontal. There is a noticeable beach sign in the pictures.  By the time I took the 3rd, you can see the perspective has changed from the first two because I was walking and snapping at the same time. 

It wasn't until I got home and looked at the photos were I noticed something peculiar. In the first shot, I immediately thought it was ruined due to some kind of blemish (the unidentified light below the moon) and quickly moved to the second image to perhaps send this out to a friend or two. Because I liked the vertical style of the first shot, I began using my phone's editing feature to re-crop the 2nd one when I noticed again what appeared to be a blemish but this time, it was on the horizon. (Only seconds after the first shot.) In checking the 3rd image there was no "blemish." 

Upon further examination of the photos, I realized that the very dramatic and heavy clouds were obviously blocking starlight. As anyone can see, the moon is barely bursting through. And given that I didn't use a flash, it seems that the orbs present in the first 2 photos were indeed in front of the cloud cover. I ruled out any meteor because there is no tail at all. And the color of the orb/orbs is the same. As for a plane or helicopter, the timing doesn't make sense nor does the type of light. 

I then tweaked the photos more in my phone app and whatever it is I captured looks to be in the same sky as the moon. Additionally, I was able to pull out a second orb in the first photo but I didn't save it. I still cannot replicate what I did. But I would welcome anyone to tweak the 1st original and you may get lucky and see another orb down and to the left of the obvious one. 

So here, I'm including a total of 5 photos. The first 3 originals. And then the first 2 tweaked to highlight whatever this/these lights are.
