{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287908","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/908/mufon-5287908.json","updb_database_id":5287908}
Cylyndrical shaped object with interior lights visible through apparent windows

I went outside to look at the Moon reflecting in the lake. It was a very pretty Crescent Moon. In looking further to the Northeast from that area, I saw a strange array of lights in the sky. At first it seemed stationary as I was trying to figure out what it could be. It appeared to be of a cylindrical shape - curved edge on the rear end, unknown edge on the leading/bow end as it was unclear. The lights were white lights and appeared to look like light coming from the lit interior of the object through windows. The windows were in one straight line, that's what drew my eye to the lights in the sky in the first place. The pattern of the apparent windows seem to be from the rear 2, then a space with no light visible, then three apparent windows, then a space with no lights, then four apparent windows. There may have been a few more additional toward the front but it was less clear in the front area.
After approximately one minute, I noticed the object was now in motion, heading from the Northeast to the East.
There did not appear to be any exterior lights on it, there was no sound from it, there was no plume or stream of disturbed air behind it.
I debated about running inside to get another person to witness it, but as it now seemed to be moving, I decided not to, as I wanted to see where it would go and didn't feel I had the time.
After about 2 more minutes, it faded from my sight. I would not be sure to say whether it disapirated or just changed angle so that I no longer saw it. It faded from my view from the front (gone first) to the back (visible last).
Whole thing lasted about 3.4 minutes.
(Note: photos submitted are from a cell phone. I have included the three pictures of the object in the order that I took them, followed by a sketch rendered upon arriving home after the incident. I have also included the photo I took of the Crescent Moon prior to seeing the object and the picture of the Inn nearby that I took immediately following the incident.)
