{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-02 11:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489908","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69694","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2822,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/908/mufon-5489908.json","updb_database_id":5489908}
Observation of a round dark cloud that appeared quite suddenly; and other objects found in picture.

I was laying out beside the pool. The sky was blue and with white puffy clouds. I had been floating on my back looking at the white clouds after about an hour I got out and sat on a deck chair.  I was looking up at the sky as I do because earlier that morning there had been a number of military flights that do occur. There is an military airfield not far away. Had heard them throughout the early morning but did not see them.

Back to the pool site. I heard a rumble here and there but then things were quiet.

As I looked up I then noticed this grayish black round cloud. The reason it was so visible to me is that it was so different from the rest of the clouds about and it had not been there before.

I took pictures of the cloud and thought no more about it until I enhanced the pictures some and I found what appears to be objects, (black) one almost square looking.  I think it is worth a look at these images with better photo equipment. There appears to be quite a few of these unknowns. Obviously, it could be pixels but I don't think so.  

On CLOUD3 pic. Enlarge and look at the lower right side where the white cloud is. You can see what appears to be a rectangular black object the most prominent one; look at the peripheral of the clouds of the whole picture enlarged and I used some contrast. There seems to be lots of these black although smaller objects. 

I recently sent you a photo of a sphere that appeared in my living room. I added this to my first event under reference 65729. via email. However, I do not know if you received this one in addition to 65729.

I do not know how long it takes for you to investigate but I did get an email that confirmed my first event. I have not heard since.
