{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-07 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508860","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49591","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/860/mufon-5508860.json","updb_database_id":5508860}
{cak} smokefromanotherplanet alien warfare through a childs eye

I was standing on the beach at Sunny Isles facing East. I was on the phone and looking at the sky above the water. It was about 8:20pm. I was watching an object flying, not thinking much I believed it to be an airplane until it seemed to be approaching a smaller light very quickly, which at first I believed to be a star. I joked to think it was looking very much like pictures I had seen on the internet of a large ufo. There were blinking lights of white and orange, very lazily blinking... I was not really paying much attention. As the two objects came closer the star sped up and emitted what appeared to be an oval shaped blue white light as it sped forward, headed south east, away from the larger object. That was when I really focused. I said out loud "is this what a drone looks like?"... just as I said that, it seemed the smaller star stopped and strange waves of light seemed to be thrown out towards the larger object ... as the two objects hovered facing each other the smaller light projected a huge (about ten times the size) umbrella of blue-white light, almost like a web or a net with pin points, towards the larger object. At that point I realized something very strange was happening and ran towards a family of people standing near a life guard stand. Everyone on the beach was pointing and trying to take pictures with their phones. It was something out of a sci-fi movie. After the web of light disappeared the smaller star took off headed east and disappeared. The larger object followed as if chasing, waited a second or two and then left as well. They left behind and very near to all of us standing on the beach, a cloud of blue white light that one of the children on the beach named smoke from another planet. We all assumed this cloud absorbed whatever the heck that little star was throwing off. It seemed to be glowing 10x brighter and moving in swirls, it stayed there for a very long time. It would not have mattered much had the event not been witnessed by so many children who questioned why we were being attacked by aliens. Luckily they believed Disney/Pixar was behind the whole thing and they were simply after our pizza. It was by the the strangest event I have ever personally witnessed. Makes you reconfigure your thoughts and life pretty quickly. I am attaching a photo #smokefromanotherplanet that a child took of the glowing cloud above the beach and pier. He took it with his fathers smartphone camera so it is very dark... however it shows how bright the cloud that was left behind. This was the first time I have ever witnessed anything like this in four decades of living. Strange indeed.
