{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-20 18:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456860","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104723","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2385,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/860/mufon-5456860.json","updb_database_id":5456860}
A UFO hovered above myhead which then caused my brain to feel as if it is being scaned

I was outside Oxleas House NHS with one Somalian man and another gentleman smoking a cigarette where suddenly from the corner off my eye i looked up and there i saw an Unidentified Flying Object which emitted some form off invisible beam which Scanned my Brain it all happened extremely quickly and within seconds it vanished into thin air. I told no one about this incident as i was being persuaded by a secret society and feared for my life. Within the space off 1 year i have fallen extremely ill with all the symptoms off a brain tumour i fear this UFO has somehow changed the way i perceived reality and ultimately has put me in my grave although i am alive today.

Where on Earth are the Men In Black i have Human Rights which have been broken. Why did this UFO scan my brain im only 20 years old and i have been stripped off a full long healthy life.

I am a Muslim with the strong belief that the Almighty Lord is the Creator off all. In the seen and unseen world. We humans can not think it is just us alone when the Religious Scriptures inform us off other Creations which can see us yet we can not see them.

Only the highest level off each Government has access to Extraterrestrial information and therefore am requestion someone somewhere out there to not let me die off a brain tumour caused by a UFO scanning my brain. I just want the correct treatment and a chance to live a full healthy life as before January 2019 i did not care about Alien entities nor have symptoms off a brain tumour and the year 2019 has been the worst in my entire life it has left me broken a soul which has been taken from the Earth prematurely and someone somewhere out there knows everything about my case and my life.
