{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-29 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481860","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78117","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4807,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/860/mufon-5481860.json","updb_database_id":5481860}
{dr}Two separate encounters within 10 minutes . Apparently two separate but identical vehicles with two lights each as if on either ends of a VERY LONG wing. Low flying, very slow and absolutely silent.

Olallie Lake - Oregon , July 29, 2016 . Approx 11:30 PM . Crystal clear skies. 

I went camping with a friend of 20 years to Olallie Lake near Mt. Jefferson , in Oregon.
I brought two reclining lawn chairs for stargazing with the Milky Way front and center.
Our site had an enormous open sky view. We were enjoying our second night of viewing.
We were pointing out meteors as they became visible, as well as the satellites above.
Our site was lakeside ( campsite # 26 ) in the Peninsula Campground. We were fully reclined in our chairs with a wide field of view with our peripheral vision . 
My buddy at one point said , " there's another satellite .... oh, and one next to it".
This comment is what made me turn my head to see what he was talking about. My first observation began as the two lights , which were not only larger that the tiny dots that satellites are seen as , but also greater in diameter that the stars by approx. three times. Once I started watching these two lights emerge from behind a tall tree to my right ( on the lake side ) I witnessed them moving very slowly and absolutely silent. They continued slowly heading South for about 30 seconds and then ... together as if on either end of a common structure , it started to turn without any change in speed ( an extremely tight radius ), and the lights kept an identical distance away from each other as it did a complete u-turn and just as slowly as it approached, disappeared behind the trees . 
As we digested and discussed what we had both just seen with our own eyes , we turned our gaze back toward the Milky Way . Within 10 minutes I heard my buddy say , 
" there it is again ". I followed his pointed finger and saw it coming from the south this time. And I cannot emphasize enough the total grandeur of witnessing the second sighting as it appeared directly in front of the Milky Way as if it had just crossed eons of time to present itself. It moved as the first sighting , slowly and completely silent. From my line of sight the two separate lights seemed spaced at a good distance apart from each other. Gauging its altitude was impossible . It did seem to be flying low to the ground. If I were to guesstimate its altitude at 1000 ft. I'd say the distance between the lights were at least a football field's distance apart, if not greater. So, because of its slow movement , my buddy and myself were really able to scrutinize what was virtually flying (gliding) directly overhead . If things weren't interesting enough , this is what I witnessed next, and being only three nights ago I want to write this down while it is still vivid in my memory... As it flew (glided) basically right over the top of us , I was focused on the light on the right side as I saw it. I saw a FINE outline around the light as though it was a wing tip with the light positioned just inside the end , centered between the parallel sides and the end. Without thinking I said out loud to my buddy ...
" It's cloaked ". 10 seconds later it disappeared behind the same tree , following the exact same path as did the first after it's u-turn. And that is how I remember the events of just a three nights ago. My feelings at the time were of complete awe !!
I will mention that I am a fine woodworker and artist. My life is all about being detail oriented and I have a very good eye. My projects require 1/32" accuracy. I have also been supremely fascinated by high technology and feel I am quite aware of all things known to the public regarding military capabilities. I am 46 years old and have NEVER seen anything even close to what myself and my buddy witnessed together last Friday night. My buddy is probably the biggest sceptic on earth and he is reeling from what he saw with his own eyes. I am convinced that I have been given my once in a lifetime glimpse of true reality. It kind of feels like Christmas as a kid. 

P.S. I have a VERY interesting series of google earth images over a desolate area of Peru I'd love feedback on.
