{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-17 04:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529860","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2919,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/860/mufon-5529860.json","updb_database_id":5529860}
Metallic, Low Flying, Slow Moving, Rotating Object with Three White Lights on the Bottom Hovered Overhead

I'm not quite sure if it was July 17th exactly.. But it was definitely in July 2010.. Honestly, I have seen three definite UFOs this year alone, I managed to catch the other two on video - but this one was more amazing than those two, in the way that this one was lower; not just lights. I could see the shape, colour, flight patterns, and even the detail on the metallic surface. It had a 'hatch' on the bottom - and Im only calling it a hatch because I can think of no other word for it.. That place where the aliens walk out on a ramp from in the movies, and also where the 'abduction ray' comes from.. Around that, were three lights, and three lines, as if seperating the craft into three seperate sections - or maybe just for design. 

I was sleeping in the attic which had been converted into a bedroom, in my cousins house. Both of us have trouble sleeping so I was looking out the skylight window when this event occured. It was around 4:30am (GMT)and I was staring at this object the whole time while it hovered slowly accross the night sky.

As soon as this UFO came into view, I thought to myself "now there's a classic examply of a flying saucer - just like the typical interpretation"

I had a camera phone right beside me, but I didn't want to miss the opportunity to watch this UFO for as long as I could. When I say "UFO" I do not mean "Unidentified Flying Object" - I mean an alien spaceship, because I only use the term 'UFO' when I know thats exactly what it is.

I was happy to see it so clearly, in such detail.
I have always believed in aliens, and that they are here on Earth. Recording this on my phone - where videos could not be faked, would've proved it to everybody who got to see it.. I wish I had recorded a video of this UFO passing above me, but I was too pre-occupied with watching it to even think about picking up my phone.

My cousin said "what did you see?" when he saw me stare.. I replied "oh.. just a UFO.." as if it was nothing to me, but it was.. I only replied in such a way because I had seen several UFOs before, and already known of their presence.

I will report the other UFOs with video foorage, and the exact time and date. I just wanted to start with this one.
