{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-01 18:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485860","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73865","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2794,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/860/mufon-5485860.json","updb_database_id":5485860}
{cak} UFO invisible to eye caught in photo at Venice Beach

My friend Ryan, his 19 year old daughter Alexis and I were visiting LA and walked up and down Venice Beach all New Years Day afternoon, looking at all of the attractions. Just before sundown, as we were heading back to our car, we ventured off from the path where all of the vendors and artists were to walk across the sand toward the shoreline. There were thin clouds overhead and several times, I noticed a bright white light inside of them. It was in the NW sky, about 45 degrees above the horizon. It looked similar to a welder's torch in color and seemed to be hovering in place. I looked up several different times to check that it was still there - and it was. Honestly, I didn't give it much thought at the time, assuming it was a helicopter or star/planet or something mundane. And, maybe it was? 

As the sun was setting and making for a beautiful scene, I snapped several pictures of the shoreline and sky with my iPhone 6. I shot from several different perspectives and one of the photos had a pretty spectacular lens flare effect that I wanted to print or use for a computer wallpaper. Today (January 13, 2016), I transferred that photo to my computer and as I was examining it, I noticed something that I had not seen while composing the shot. Just to the left of the sun and just above the water, between two sailboat sails is what appears to be a UFO! Was this what i had seen in the clouds a few minutes earlier? 

I have attached 2 photographs for your scrutiny. The photo named "Composite" has been Photoshopped to point out the phenomenon and also has an enlargement of that shape at the end of the arrow. The photo named "IMG_2823" is straight off the camera and unaltered.

I do not know that the light and the shape are related but I now have the feeling that they were. I don't expect any resolution to be forthcoming but I thought this was extremely interesting and I hope it helps MUFON out in some way.
