{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-24 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505860","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5326,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/860/mufon-5505860.json","updb_database_id":5505860}
{nd} Watched a moving star-like object that would slowly bob, weave, and zig-zag in the same general area.

On the 24th of December 2013 at approximately 1:00am I went outside to pet my dog and gaze up at the stars as it was a beautiful, clear night. I live in a rural farming area in Ohio. I noticed what appeared to be a star towards the west approximately 30 degrees above the horizon. Upon further observation there was something funny about this "star" because for one, it was fairly low on the horizon and two, it seemed to be "twinkling" more aggressively than your average star. A few moments later I noticed that it was moving so my initial thought was that it was a plane. However, as this though was quickly discredited as the object began to move in the opposite direction from where it first moved. As I gazed at the object I was astonished to see it bob, weave, and zig-zag very slowly in random directions. The motion of the object was very fluid and smooth, a lot like a fishing bobber floating in rippling water. I was astounded by this object because I look at the stars every night and I have never seen anything as bizarre as this. I was so fixated on this object and the way it smoothly maneuvered, that it had me in sort of a trance-like state, comparative to gazing into a fire at night. This object hovered in the same general area in the sky, like it had its own section to dance in. Throughout the entire sighting this object would slowly change in brightness. Like a stove that gradually gets warm, the object would slowly get bright, then slowly get dim, almost to the point where you couldnt see it, only to gradually get brighter again. The brightening and dimming was seemingly random and not timed. About a half hour into the sighting the object moved left out of my view behind a tree, so I moved to the right where I could see it. As soon as I got a good view of it again, another star-like object appeared to drop out of the other one, hover below it for a few seconds, and then dim out to nothing. After this occurred the object returned to its original designated position in the sky. I was so perplexed and fixated on this object that when I finally broke sight with it I realized that there were approximately 10 other star-like objects towards the west, making the same maneuvers, all relatively low on the horizon (between 25 and 60 degrees), and all bobbing around without moving too far away from where they started. I watched these objects until heavy cloud cover blocked them from my sight around 3:30 in the morning. 

On Christmas day when I returned home from family festivities at around 7:00 pm, I got out of my car and looked back in the general area of my sighting the previous morning. It was much cloudier and I wasnt expecting to see anything but to my amazement I see one of the objects again towards the west but a bit lower, just above the horizon, making the exact same movements. I only saw one object on the 25th but it was there, bobbing and weaving, until I went to bed around 10 (I didn't get much sleep the night before because of these things). I felt compelled to submit this review tonight because this is an ongoing sighting and as I type, there is one light still bobbing around towards the west in the same general area it was in the night before on christmas day. Approximately 4 hours ago around 8:00 pm on the 26th, I went outside to look at the light again and there was another one next to it. I watched the other one for a couple seconds until it did something I never saw any of the other lights do. It took off towards the south very fast and out of view. I was astonished by what I saw. 

A couple of interesting things that I wanted to point out in conclusion. I know this may sound crazy but the first light that I observed on the 24th seemed to be aware of me viewing it. I found it rather bizarre how it went behind the tree, away from my view, only to spawn the other one that disappeared within seconds. And whenever I moved to the left so the object would just barely be hidden behind the tree from my view, sometimes it seemed to move to the right, back into my view in a sort of "I still see you" like fashion. This could all, however, be a coincidence with its random movements. Another thing I noticed on the 24th, is that my dog was whimpering on and off for about an hour through the first sighting. He barks a lot but rarely whimpers and I found that a bit odd. The last thing that I wanted to point out is that these objects made me feel a little uncomfortable and there was something a bit sinister about them. I am completely perplexed by what I have been seeing the past three nights and cannot think of a logical explanation for it.
