{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-06-19 21:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288860","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3422,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/860/mufon-5288860.json","updb_database_id":5288860}
sitting on porch in va. saw a object hover over in the distance. ord, glowed really bright and pusalted.

I was sitting on my porch having a cup of tea...over in the distance pretty high up i see a ball of light pulsating and flash move slowly across the sky....it then stops and sits in place, and i'm thinking it was a satellite or maybe a helicopter but it sat in one spot then was flashing and spinning, it was a orange color with green sometimes comes in and then i noticed it start to shake and glow brighter. it then started to shake some, looked as if it kinda of charging up and then boom it shot from one side of the sky to like prob few hundred feet from where it was this could have been like half a mile up. sat there glowing green in its new position and then started to shake again glowing both green and orange gold type glow then shot around bout 4 or 5 more times. I was thinking we have nothing like this thought about running in to yell but i didnt want to miss it. i looked around no one was around me either thought about yelling too (townhouse area). went on for about 10-15 mins. its also worth noting that earlier i had watched a commercial jet fly by, you know slow and straight with the sound of engine off in the distance. the jet had moved over top high where i was sitting like hour or two earlier. it how i realized the size of what i was looking at had to be huge cause it was off in the distance and was a bit higher in the sky then the jet i had seen earlier and yet was about the same size of the jet but off int eh distance. after the object had zipped around a few times, it then sat in one spot again hovered for like 5 more mins it started to spin fast and then the color of orange and green started to kind of merge as it spun more it then started to shift into a ovalisc egg shape and shake and glow even brighter, then boom shot out into the horizon i thought it may have went into space it looked like it just tossed itself way up gone. it moved from one place to the next in milisec not secs milisec...and when it jumped like 4 or 5 times it was the same span of time it left a light streak, was night time. Whole reason i was outside was i had just got done talking to a girl from school... was on the phone prior. i never reported it because i figured no one would believe me. but yea we most certainly dont have tech like that....to dangerous i've been around bases, grew up going with friends dad on quantico base which is literally down the street from where the sighting was. trust me what i saw we dont have and if we do playing with some dangerous tech. the reason i;m making my report today is i saw a joe rogan bob lazar video.......the way lazar described one of the objects fit the exact description of what i saw that night it literally behaved in every way he described it.
