{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468860","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91692","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/860/mufon-5468860.json","updb_database_id":5468860}
Ship paced car 40 kilometres, became invisable, reappeared in front of parked car for a period

1 Travelling from Dubbo to Yeoval with a boot load of paint for our workshop.
2 My 8 year old daughter, said she could see a star, I said, on a bright sunny, cloudless spring day, impossible. I lowered my head and there it was, out over the "Black Springs", at Wambangalang it materialized on coming to within 300 metres of our car, it then paced us for about 40KM at a distance of about 200 - 500 metres and at treetop level. On going up the Little River hill it crossed in front of the car, disappearing and reappearing again twice, the last time it disappeared I pulled over into a stockpile and as I did that it reappeared in front of the of the parked car. On reappearing the invisible shield was half opened and the window shutters were opened, the craft came down to a height of about 10 - 15 metres from the ground. Hovering would not correctly describe it's action, because when it came down, it stoped dead and when it moved sideways, it stoped dead.
At this time it was obvious that they were trying to demonstrate to my daughter and I. I remained with my chin on the steering wheel for about 5 - 6 minutes and during this time I observed that the machine was about the diameter of the distance between the roadside trees, it had a graphite looking colour, with either casting or printing construction (I only discovered 3D printing 2002) The cross section of the invisibility was, first 300 - 500 mm from the hull was clear, from this clear space to about 2 metres was a boiling rainbow, with blue being the outer colour the windows were darkened so the occupants could not be observed. I then got out and walked to a spot where the edge of the craft was directly over my head, after a while I realised that I had a camera I the back seat of the car, I went back and as I was preparing the camera, the craft disappeared.
My daughter travelled this road on the school bus and she said the observed these lights quite often.
