{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-06 18:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63815","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4222,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5495618.json","updb_database_id":5495618}
{nd-79.756994} It started out looking like a wingless 747 then changed shape to a large black bird and then into a triangle shaped silver and transparent craft. There were no windows seen.

I just wanted to add that my sighting on Friday evening has left an indelible mark on my mind. I keep replaying it over and over in my mind trying to slow down, freeze frame and work it all out. It seems that the area where I grocery shop has high craft traffic. My impression of the craft and what may have been operating it favorable!! This is hard for me to type because of all the horrifying experiences my mother suffered through with what the Greys did to her pretty much her entire childhood through her adult life until her death 12 years ago. 

But my impression of the craft and it's possible occupants was friendly even childlike!! The way the craft was moving in the sky was like it was up there simply enjoying the light from the setting sun. It was "playing" in the light! I was just the only person I know to have actually noticed it up there! It appeared as a plane without wings but had that triangle on the top of it like our regular planes do. Then it kinda looked and moved like a bird with in depth banking and circling maneuvers. Then when I hit a stage of acceptance that it was nothing conventional or biological that I was looking at it seemed to notice I was tracking it with my eyes. Just when my mind was wrapped around the fact that OMG this is really happening and it's really up there I need a better look at it let me pull out my phone it showed itself to me! It's triangular shape the three white bright unblinking lights on what I assumed was the bottom of it the craft was silver and transparent at the same time and I saw the haze around its entirety like some sort of invisible energy field that's my minds best guess. Or else it was its "aura" because remember I see auras as a normal part of my hybrid existence! It seemed to be saying hi there human so you noticed us up here well take a gander and then it either blended itself back into the sky or popped out of this dimension because I did not see it speed off. 

From the nature of its actions my heart is telling me either it's another species of extra dimensional being or it was humans piloting that craft. Whatever Or whoever it was friendly, playful, loving the light of the sun, and my extra sensory perception tells me it was shocked to have been noticed but pleasantly surprised. I was never scared while watching it and it obviously could morph into other appearances from looking like a wingless 747 to a bird to what it presented to me. After this experience no I don't want to be taken in their craft or really ever meet them but I sensed good in it and that alone has my mind reeling!! Because my previous impression based on my mother's experiences was nothing but hatred for them well the Grey's specifically. 

Now "knowing" that their are other explorers out there who are not interested in harming or scaring us my views are changing.

These other beings could be as vast and different from each other as we humans are from each other. Perhaps the aggressive, intrusive, harmful beings have their own agendas. Then there are other beings who welcome our diversity and natural curiosity not with abduction and invasive actions to our persons but with a warm hello pleased to meet you and we see you as you see us!! So either explorers from somewhere else have seen me and now have a gentler impression of humanity too as I have a gentler view of them❤️ perhaps it really is one love throughout the universes!
