{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-16 18:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3810,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5497618.json","updb_database_id":5497618}
{dr}A Triangular Craft and a Large Craft over Lees Summit

A Triangular Craft and a Large Craft over Lee1s Summit

Sunday evening November 16, 2014 beginning at 6:24 p.m. I observed what seemed to be a red pulsing light that caught my attention and which hovered in the sky. The compass direction was at approximately 3451, and about 181 altitude at about 1,320 ft. After analysis of the videos it appeared to be a white light.

Four short videos were shot over a four minute span of time. The first two recordings from videos #1 and #2 were primarily of a white light that moved in various ways all over the screen, in which, at times, a second light appeared. They at first did not seem to be anything except randomly moving lights. The 3rd video showed at least two lights that moved in tandem. These binary lights moved together and appear 7 times in the video and many lasted nearly a second before vanishing. 

The 4th video showed two lights at times, and then a third light which also moved precisely with the other two making it appear to be a triangular craft. In fact, the third video may very well have been a triangular craft as well, but the third light was not in the frame. The three lights moved precisely together when they did move. The lights in all four videos essentially hovered in the same area over the four minutes. The analysis of this report is mainly from videos #1 and #4.

Seemingly random images from video #1 appeared all over the screen. Occasionally there were two together. I made note of these binary images and formed a list of these 1data points1. Later I merged them together onto an image to see if this was relevant information.

The data points from video #1 were taken from the raw untouched images and the color was inverted to remove the black of the sky. The relationships of all these individual pairs of images show what seems to be elements of different points from a large craft that appears to be cloaked, or at least not visible due to the darkness of the night. For whatever reason, the images become visible for just fractions of a second in seemingly random places. But when assembled together, they show a logical and geometrically sound structure. It was approximately 350 feet long.

Another group of images of a spheroid craft appear in video #1 randomly, and it appears to be following or surrounding the 1cloaked1 large craft. 

SUMMARY
Multiple flying craft were in the skies that night. Some were rod-shaped, others were spheroids, one appears to be triangular, and one a large craft. It is not clear if there is a relationship between the triangular craft in the 4th video and the large craft of video #1. This still remains to be studied. They may part of the same object, or they may be separate craft. Also, I have seen spheroid craft like this one before and they are reported in case # 61036 on October 20, 2014.  

It is clear that there were several objects in the sky that evening. They were not aircraft of any known type, balloons, or helicopters, and they stayed hovering for at least four minutes.
