{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-17 14:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35920","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3502,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5520618.json","updb_database_id":5520618}
Hovering sphere near Troy OH

Driving west on rt 41, about to get onto I-75 south. Nice sunny afternoon, no clouds or anything else in the sky. As I was approaching the traffic light to get on 75, an object in the sky caught my eye through my windshield, west and slightly south of my position. First thought was a plane. Dayton intl airport and Wright-Patt AFB nearby, see planes all the time. Quickly realized it wasnt a plane. Maybe a helicopter, I thought? Definitely not, because it would definitely have been close enough to see the typical features, but this was only a sphere. It seemed a little hard to focus on, not sure if due to distance or some other factor, but it seemed just slightly out of focus. Not blurry, per se, but a very slight haze. I could see enough that it looked like a gray/sivler metallic surface that reflected the bright sunlight. Saw no features like windows or anything else. Having no idea of the actual size of the thing, its really tough to guess at distance from me. As I looked at it I fully expected it to become apparent that it was something I would recognize as it turned, got closer, or something. But it just seemed to stay stationary, with no apparent motion and never changing from a sphere shape. As as idea of the size of what I saw, when you see the moon during the day, I would say if you put this object in front of it in the sky, the object would have covered nearly a quarter of the diameter of the moon. It wasnt a tiny spec, there was something in the sky that I had never seen before. I looked at it for maybe as long as 8 seconds, then shifted focus to traffic as I came to a stop at the traffic light. My 10-year-old daughter was with me and as I came to a stop I intended to joke with her like "hey it looks like a UFO up there" because as I said I expected it to become something ordinary. Maybe 2-4 seconds after taking my eyes off of it, we were stopped at the light and I looked up again, ready to make my UFO joke. It was gone and left no sign behind it. Again, it wasnt a spec that I just couldnt track down again. It was a definite, visible, sizeable object that wouldve been easy to relocate if it was anything Im used to seeing. I looked hard, and continued to look over that entire area of the sky as I got onto 75. Nothing. Nada. Completely gone. Didnt see it fly away, vanish, etc., so I don't know what it did, but it was completely gone just a couple seconds after I had watched it hover for a number of seconds. Didnt mention it to my daughter because I knew she hadnt seen anything. Just kept thinking it over as I continued driving, realizing I had just seen something highly unusual and unexplainable. Just FYI, while open to the idea there could be "others" Ive never seen anything like this before, nor do I spend much time thinking about it or gazing at the sky. But this thing caught my attention and there is no way I can write it off.
