{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60560","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7150,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5498618.json","updb_database_id":5498618}
{dr}Three campers witness UFO flying erratically in Black Hills National Forest. Glowing object descended down to our location illuminating forest object disappears and a fireball streaks across the sky and bursts as it falls

Myself and two good friends take a camping trip to South Dakota annually. This year we decided to explore the Black Hills National Forest. We drove From the Twin Cities to South Dakota on Thursday June 19. We arrived in Rapid City the morning of Friday June 20th and stopped at a camping store for supplies.

We didn't have a destination planned, so we purchased a national park map, spoke to a staff member at the local camping retailer, and more or less picked the most remote location on the map. We drove about an hour and a half into the Forest and parked our car at a camp ground. We geared up and began a hike up a nearby mountain.  The hike was very strenuous. It was not a designated trail, and involved a lot of climbing over fallen trees. 

After a couple hours we reached the summit and found an area with a clearing in the trees and a suitable place to set up a base camp. We built a fire ring out of stones, started a fire, and ate dinner as it began to get dark.

That time of year the sun doesn't set until late. It doesn't get completely dark until almost 10PM, but when it does the stars really come out  There was zero light pollution and not a cloud on the sky. We sat and admired the stars as we listened to music and talked about our plans to hike to the top of mountain peak tomorrow

As I was looking towards the horizon, I noticed a very unusually large star, giving off a lot of light. It was just above the horizon and visible through the trees. It appeared to be hovering in place, but as it clearly was moving I figured it had to be a plane. But as I watched it as best I could through the forest, I noticed it was clearly changing its path and trajectory. It was ascending and descending, shooting left , stopping, hovering, and zooming left and up again. 

I pointed this out to my two buddies. I shined the flash light on it , and said there's no-way that could be a plane. We were all observing the object now. It was obviously under some kind of intelligent control, but wasn't making a sound. 

My friend Jake said" Turn down the music so maybe we can hear it." As we did that, the UFO started to descend. It was now below the tree line and began to come closer. I'm shining my light on it when the fear set in that this was not something that we could explain. My buddy Jeramy said "turn off the music, turn the light off!"

The object was giving off a lot of light. It was so bright that it was illuminating all the grass below it, and causing the trees between its location and ours to cast shadows. It was now maybe only 10-15 feet above the ground, and heading in the direction of our tent. Where we set up the fire was only about 100ft from the tent. The object was now only a rocks throw away.

We all held our breathe, silent. Frozen in a fear that we are alone in the woods with this glowing object that has no explanation.

It reached a point directly above our tent and stopped. There is a direct line of sight between our position and the object. It seemed to turn and directly observe us. I began to move out of its view, but without ever taking my eyes off it. There seemed to be an energy in the air. This was the most powerful experience of my life. Just as mysteriously as it arrived, it disappeared right in front of us...

We were all pretty shook. "WOHW!" so bizarre

"Is it gone? Is it coming back? Are we ok?" These are the questions going through our minds. We really didn't know if we were in danger. We're all alone in the woods. There is no immediate help. We don't have the use of any cell phones, no weapons... 

It was really an incredible experience. We all asked each other if this really just happened. It would've been easier to simply block it out. It's pretty mind blowing to become aware of something like this. We all agreed we all saw the same thing

I remember seeing a plane, and finding comfort in something I recognized and had an explanation for. 

We were all still pretty scared. I wanted to influence the the mentality of the group before panic set in. So I started the music and built the fire back up.

We were all throwing logs on the fire when all of a sudden, a flight flashed and an object went streaking across the sky above us leaving a tail behind it. 

It was tearing through the air and burning in bright colors as it lit up the forest below. It began to fall into the canyon between the mountain we were on and the one across from us. As it fell, it exploded and burnt up in vibrant colors of blue, turquoise and aqua.... 

"WHOOOOW...... What was that." Jake said. My only explanation was a meteorite. But I can't help but feel like this was directly related to the UFO.  I've seen hundreds of shooting stars in my life, but all have burned in colors of white or yellow, never blue. And rarely could I so much as hear one, much less be shook by its intensity as it burns up and explodes...

Definitely a crazy night. [name removed/cms/dr] was tired and laid down. [name removed/cms/dr] and I stayed up and waited for the sun to rise. 

As we sat on the edge of the mountains talking about the experience, we witnessed two more UFOs moving across the sky that night. The first was traveling at what appeared to be a very high altitude. It de-celerate, stopped, changed trajectory, accelerated, and then took off out of sight.

The second behaved in a similar matter

I had a video camera with me the whole night. I attempted to record all three objects. The camera could not make out the lights in the dark. There is however a few seconds in the video where the first object can be seen through the trees darting up, down, left and right...

I'll never forget this night I want to know what it was we saw, and would like to know if there were others that witnessed these lights around that time. I've done some research and know that many people have reported flying orbs behaving the same way

This is also not the first experience I've had like this. I had a similar encounter with a UFO IN Australia. Also witnessed by 3 other individuals where an object in the sky came down to us and disappeared

I'm happy to share more information if anyone who reads this, and would like to talk to more with people who take this topic seriously .

[name removed/cms/dr]
