{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-29 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33425","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2543,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5522618.json","updb_database_id":5522618}
May 29, 2010 around 3:00am, Ocean City Maryland, 100 feet from the beach

Excited to be in Ocean city, I was outside on a deck on the first floor of a three-floor condo building having a smoke, looking at the stars and watching the people across the street party on their 3rd floor deck. I was looking at the Orion constellation and saw a falling star start from the left of Orion’s belt and continued through bottom part of the constellation. The falling star was incredibly bright, and it seemed like it took forever for it finally burn out. 

The people across the street left and went to the beach, so I went inside and got another smoke before I went to bed. I’m guessing it was about 15 minutes since I saw the falling star. I went back outside sat down and noticed a figure sitting at the patio table on the 2nd floor of the condo building across the street. I found it to be very strange because no one was occupying that unit. I was staring in disbelief at how this figured looked. It was sitting at the table like a human would, with its left arm resting on the table and it appeared his legs were crossed (for some reason; I feel as though it was male. The figure was tall, big, muscular with a shadow/black like appearance and no visible features. The head was elongated, and it was very large. I couldn’t believe I sat there because of what I am seeing, I should have screamed and ran inside but didn’t. I could tell it knew I was there, but I eventually got up and left because it made no movement, and I grew scared of what would happen. As I closed the sliding glass door after going inside, the figure was still there.

The next morning during the light, I tried to determine what could have made that figure on the deck and there was nothing on the deck but a table and 4 chairs. I will never forget what I saw and will believe until the day I die, that something visited Ocean City in the wee hours of the morning that day.
