{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-05-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65894","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5493618.json","updb_database_id":5493618}
{JF} Bright light on top of shrub across the street.

I went outside at 12pm to see a comet,standing on my fathers drive way,looking at the stars,I was standing there looking up for about a half hour never saw comet. Then when I looked across the street I saw this big bright light. In my mind i said to myself I never saw a light on my neighbors shrub. I walked across the street to see the very bright light .as I got closer the light lifted up very slowly. I was shocked .it just lifted up and disappears. It was lifting very slow the closer i got to it, then in a blink of an eye it was gone.why I didn't report it to anyone was no one would believe me. The government would have denied me, because I just got out of federal prison in Washington state at gieger fed pen.it has haunted me ever sense. You have to understand why I went outside to see the comet in the first place. When I was incarcerated there was the chief of the fire dept there to speak about fire safety. When he was introduced to us he started ranting with very high emotions. He said that there is going to be a comet and hiding in the comet was aliens following the tail of the comet. He then told us aliens came to his house opened up the roof of his sons bedroom and a beam of light lifted his son out of his bed floating in the air an alien qw him of turmoil is going to happen. Little boys will become murderers.the alien said devastation will happen around the world.at first I thought this guy was out of his mind. What made me believe him was, one of the guards knew him personnaly and he said it was not the chief he new, the guards all new him.the chief was so wound up the guards escorted him out. I just wanted to see the comet that he said was coming.i was released in Dec 1996. The irony about this instead of seeing the comet I saw a ufo. To this day his predictions have happened and still happening. School murderers, natural disasters he was right about everything he was saying.hn
