{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-10 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3018,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5526618.json","updb_database_id":5526618}
They look like stars but there not! they change colors as well as shapes

My first incounter was last year (10-2010) it was at night, around 11:30pm and i was in bed watching tv and the blinds was open because i like to see the Airplanes flyn by. everytime a Airplane go by; I would look out the windows and when i saw these lights, i thought it was a Airplane, until i got up and looked out the window and saw an UFO flickering, white, blue, green, red, purple, a yellowish orange color and then it turned completly black. it was right in the back of my house, just in the air. I grab my camera in starting taken pictures and filmimg it. I woke my husband, sister and my neice up; to come in wittnes what im seeing. I wasnt scared at all, it just seem so crazy because; even do the Air Force; tries to tell you, that not a such thing! then you see it with your own eyes, is a blessing. i don't know why it choose to stop behind my house but it did. Ive been taking pictures and recording since then. I have over 80-pictures and around 30 recordings. They know im taking pictures and recording of them! sometime they'll put on a good show. I've notice right after that, everywhere i went; i will see as ther appear; looking like a star; they will follow. About a month ago, i was on my way home in seen one by the moon and i wanted to take a picture of it, and i really couldnt get a good picture, so i continue to try to focus on it, and the process i started to take the camera, everywhere i saw particiles, which lead down to the ground and right infront of my window. About an hour later, i got in the bed, then an the corner of my eyes, i saw what looked like a white piece of glitter going by me. I asked my husband to turn off the lights, so i can see better. i took pictures that night and recorded what i caught; little balls was coming out everywhere. sometimes i know their is there without turning on my camera and i took picture last night and recorded; outside and in my room and there they was. I'm not scared, but i do want to know, whats goin on. I'm asking for help; because this truely mean something. Thank You
