{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-04 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34622","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5521618.json","updb_database_id":5521618}
Nothing I have seen before.

I was walking my dogs in my backyard and I have always been interested in UFOs. I believe in them and have always looked to the skies for an opportunity to see one.

I thought the object was a star or meteor because there was a shower occurring the same night. 

I looked to the SW and the bright object caught my attention. I kept asking myself if it was a star, plane, or other object. I decided to go in my home and bring my wife out to look at it as well. When we returned to look at the object it had moved and that was when I knew it was not a star and had to be some type of flying object. I brought my video camera and binoculars with me and tried to look at it first with the binoculars then take film of it. My wife looked at it through the binoculars and her first impression was that it was a star but was really to big to be a star. She also concluded that it could not be a star because it had changed positions in the sky. We were slowly stepping back from where we started. 

I then went and got my friend and he came out to take a look and he saw the object move from left to right very quickly. While all of this was going on I started to film the object but have to admit that looking at the object through the binoculars was much more clear. The object was at a distance and my video camera could not really focus on the object for a clear view. You can see the pulsating lights though and it was revolving very quickly with red, blue, and green light. The lights were turning in a clockwise motion very quickly changing from the three colors I mentioned before. The object was in continuous motion because I had to change my footing each time the object moved. I was on top of a car in my driveway at this time. I did start filming from ground level. The object was traveling to the West and as far as I could tell from past experiences seeing helicopters flying around the city from my home was that it was approximately over the city of West Los Angeles/Westwood/Santa Monica areas. As I am filming I am trying to keep my hand as still as possible and I know that I was not moving as much as the film suggests. My friend who witnessed me filming told me that he was looking at me and my filming and that there was no way I was moving around as much as the object was in the film. When viewing the object through the binoculars you could not tell it was making the movements that you could see through the film. When looking at it through the binoculars the object was just pulsating the three lights. You could actually see that with the naked eye. When I was filming you could see the rapid movements of the object through the viewfinder. We were amazed at how quickly it moved from one point to the next in a zig zag trail. All along it was still going out towards the West. Though the film is blurred you can see the pulsating lights in the clockwise motion and can tell that it is not a star, helicopter, plane, or any other type of manned vehicle we know of. 

We tried to debunk and rule out everything we could before we figured it was an UFO. We just want to know if there were any reports of strange lights at all anywhere in the greater Los Angeles area especially in the before mentioned cities. My wife thought it was a star and looked up how stars move on line but she ruled that out. I had already ruled that out because there was always movement by the object. It wasnt a meteor from the shower because of the pulsating lights. It was not a helicopter because to our knowledge there are no helicopters with lights that act the way these did. Plane ruled out completely after we saw the rapid movement of the object. 

Also, just before I started to film there were two helicopters that I saw. One was your standard law enforcement helicopter but the other had only white/cream colored lights and they were much brighter than your normal beacons on helicopters. As a matter of fact we saw that the law enforcement helicopter has a red beacon and spotlight but again the second helicopter only had what looked like two large light white/cream in color and it speeded towards the object. I did not follow that helicopter but it was flying in that general direction heading West while the law enforcement helicopter proceeded over my home towards the Hollywood Hills. The duration of time between the time I saw the first helicopter going towards the object and the law enforcement helicopter passing over my home was probably about 30 seconds. The law enforcement helicopter had to have seen the unidentified helicopter.

This event was very exciting to us as my wife is a skeptic even she said she could not explain what the object was. We all had never seen anything like this object before. We still are in disbelief in terms of how we never thought we would see a UFO.

Thanks for your time and I hope you have some answers for us one way or the other.

Witnesses...

(witness names moved to FI Box) cms 01/05/12 03:36 cst flg
