{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-19 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54269","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4450,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5504618.json","updb_database_id":5504618}
{kt}repeated similar sightings of strange objects/lights near the Allegheny Airport that were apparently not normal air traffic that lasted for hours over a week in same area. witnessed by 2 people. made no sound at all.

over the course of a week I had noticed and intently observed very strange lights/ objects in the sky that had varied in shape, color and size. I noticed these out of my window as these lights had been glaring and glowing brightly across the sky. These objects were directly near the Allegheny airport. I have lived close to this airport for some years now and have never seen anything closely resembling what I had witnessed this past week. My boyfriend had also witnessed these with me though he had gone to sleep and I was so astonished by what I had been seeing that I elected to stay up til daybreak. (NOTE)objects persisted into the morning at which time they descented and seemingly dissappeared into mid air.
These objects not only had intrigued me but honestly had disturbed me in that some of these objects seemed to completely defy the laws of the physical world. All of which without making a sound. Over the nights these objects had appeared around the same time, in the same place. The objects witnessed mainly were strange lights that had morphed into various shapes and colors and sizes.

Also witnessed was the underside of a very large black triangle that had white and orange lights underneath of it. This structure moved very fast, took up a great deal of the sky directly above my house and was almost stealth like, yet made no sounds. 

The third object witnessed was a white and orange saucer shaped light that seemed to move faster then anything I had ever seen, I have seen many shooting stars and meteor showers and this moved immensely faster then those and also seemed to dissappear in the night sky. 

During the last night of these anamolies I had also witnessed a very strange sound coming out of the woods across from my house. This sound paralyzed me with fear as it did not sound like any of the typical animals that habitate these woods. It started as a clicking sound almost like a dolphin, very high pitched and then progressed into almost a cackling sound. At the same time as the sounds were getting louder a very large gust of wind seemed to appear out of nowhere and then dissappear when the sounds in the woods stopped. was the strange noises just a coincidence? Could be. I still feel that it was worthy of mentioning considering the strageness of events that night. 

I do believe in UFOs and would like to investigate further into this matter. This is something I've never encountered before. In searching the internet I have found that numerous people in Pittsburgh have witnessed these same exact lights. Hopefully, in posting this on Mufon PA, I can get in touch with others who have experienced the same.
