{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-08-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496618","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3045,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/618/mufon-5496618.json","updb_database_id":5496618}
{rjl} Viewed two objects that had aura and tail traveling west to east. Observed from Cheyenne mountian, Colorado Springs, COin 1991.

I took my girlfriend for a romatic walk up a path on Cheyenne Mountian, west of Colorado Springs. This walk was shorlty after I was released from active duty US Army. It was full dark and warm so I am assuming it was August or September 1991. It was full dark, there fore the time must have been 9:00pm or later. We sat and looked at the lights of Colorado Springs when I noticed a pair of lights moving from west to east. The night was clear and the stars were clear from the mountian side. However the lights I seen travelling were surounded by a "halo" that conected to long tails. The brightest was in front of the dimmer, however they apeared to be close in proximity. The best discription of the spots would be a colon with the lower dot a half space behind the top dot and half as bright. The striking feature was the long tail attached to the aura surounding the lights. They traveled at a constant speed across the sky without any visible aircraft around. My girlfriend was short sighted and did not have her glasses with her at the time. She could not see what I was trying to describe to her. There were remarkable details of the objects I witnessed. First was the slight fuzzyness of the lights compared to the crisp stars that night. Second was the halo or aura that trailed into a tail. Third was the lenght of the tail. The shooting stars I have seen did not have tails half as long as the objects I witnessed in 1991. Please note the attached picture released from Project Blue Book and published in the Dailymail.com website that illistrates exactly of the objects I viewed in Colorado Springs. The only notable difference is there was a second, smaller and dimmer object immeadiatly lower and behind the upper light. As viewed from my perspective, the upper light was in front of the lower light. Therefore the upper light was travelling infront of and above the other light. Their travel was from west to east in a straight line. No sound was emmitted and the speed and illuminosity remained constant. The night was clear of cloud cover and stars and airplanes were distinct in appearance. And yes, I know that Cheyenne Mountian contains one of the most secret military installations in the world.
