{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-14 17:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486531","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73173","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3922,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/531/mufon-5486531.json","updb_database_id":5486531}
{cak} Appeared to be round at first then triangle with rounded edges - not coming to a point - Bluish kind glow end side along edge

First of all I feel like an idiot even reporting this. It is not the first time I have seen something but the first time in many years.

I was parked by Lake Erie; there is a park behind the Willowick Police Station. I just happened to pull in and thought I would sit there and look at the Lake and relax.

It was something like 5:30(ish) in the afternoon, it had been a pretty clear day and turning into a clear evening.

Before seeing the object I felt a little... I really don't know how to put it, off.. Like lets say you are looking through a camera and you zoom out, maybe so things are like 20-30 feet further from you.. Now imagine this effect all the way around you (really strange and I don't know how else to explain it). With this came the feeling that you would get if you were around a bunch of high energy transformers that would make your hair stand on end, but without the hair standing.. Just the sort of FEELING OF ENERGY, again sounds really strange and even more stupid typing it.

Then I noticed off to the left maybe 30 degrees from my looking forward the object. It was not huge but not small. I had lots of feelings at that moment. Primarily how in the heck did I not see this until now? Did it just appear? did it fly in? Was it there the entire time/ I don't have an answer to that.

Now for more strange stuff. At first it appeared as if the object was sort of oval shaped. It had a glowing blueish light around the entire bottom edge. Now I don't know if it turned and that exposed the true shape (more like a triangle-ish shape but with curved no pointy corners or if it changed shape. 

Let's just say it turned because that is what appeared to have happened; then it began moving across the sky more towards dead in front of me, but away at the same time. It was moving at a good pace but nothing record breaking. As it moved away however it became more and more faint (as in transparent) until it just was not there.

While this was happening and I would say the whole thing lasted less than 5 minutes I felt like it was just me and this craft and nothing else existed. This feeling I am sure was because I was so taken by what I saw that I did not realize my surroundings.

I want to say the craft made a humming sound but I am not sure that it did. It almost felt like the hum was inside me???? Like if you are in an airplane that low level hum that just resonates through your body, if you know what I mean?? Like that but very quiet AND I was not in this thing.

Now as I said this all took place over what I would think to be about 5 minutes, I was sitting in my car MAYBE 5 minutes before it started and a couple minutes after it was gone. I live about 15 minutes from this location, and I drove straight home. Another odd fact I got home at 8:15.

I have not ever been to a site like this and while I believe life forms exist in many places outside of our own planet it is not something I really give any thought to. I mean we are here so I am sure there are life forms elsewhere thinking; I wonder if there is anything out there.

I don't know what to make of this and I am equally sure it is nothing. So the question is what in the heck was it?
