{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517531","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4186,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/531/mufon-5517531.json","updb_database_id":5517531}
{flg} Bright red pulsating object, observed at high altitude and high speed at first, then low altitude, and at slow speed.

We were walking around my neighborhood watching fireworks in the sky, when all of a sudden we see an extremely fast moving, glowing red object, about the size of a star. What drew my attention was that the object never blinked, but did give off a red pulsating light, which seemed to dim around the edges of the object.It seemed to be travelling from west to east. My position was in Utica, MI, looking south. At first, we passed it off as a satellite. Once we continued walking towards my friends townhouse, and got into the complex, we were not even 40ft. away from his door, when I looked up, I assumed, and pointed out that the object was back again, this time at a much lower altitude, and a slower speed, which almost seemed like a slow hover, again moving west to east. The object was so close that we were able to determine that it was not a fixed wing aircraft, since there was no green light on the opposite side, and that it also didn't blink, just pulsated a very bright red glow, which would alternate shades of red/orange. Again, I was looking south, while my position was in Utica, MI. The object gave off absolutely no sound, during which my first sighting I wouldnt have expected because of the altitude, but when I seen it for a second time, way closer, again, no sound, which would completely eliminate the idea that this was somehow a helicopter or airplane. My buddy did bring up those Chinese lanterns, but the 1st sighting would rule that out, since it made it from horizon to horizon in about 8 seconds. And the much closer 2nd observation, would have revealed a yellow glow, and some structural definition, if it truly were a lantern. The one thing that really made my head spin, was when I attempted to take a photograph of the object through my phones 8mp camera. The object would not show up at all, even when it was close by during our 2nd observation. When I returned home, my mother immediately said to me that she believed that she saw a UFO. So I asked her to describe it, and she gave me the same answers I gave for my 2nd observation. She has an iPhone, and also tried taking pictures, which all turned out black. I have 3 more witnesses that were with me personally who all saw the object, plus my mother has three more witnesses who saw her sighting, which I believe was the same sighting I had for my 2nd observation. On top of it, my buddy who lives in Sterling Heights, which is south of Utica, also saw two red objects, and the 2nd one also being much lower in altitude. He was also looking south, and reports that the object flew from west to east. For my 2nd observation, I would give an azimuth of 77 degrees, Im telling you guys, that 2nd time I saw "it", this thing was close, and huge. and thats exactly what my buddy is saying, the only difference is he believes the object was bigger than what I saw, which I assume is because he was farther south than me, meaning he was closer. He described the size of the object to be the same as if you held a quarter out at arms length, while my 2nd observation would have been the size of a penny held at arms length. I saw the Chinese lanterns that plagued the Metro Detroit area last July 4th, THESE WERE NOT THOSE LANTERNS. I spread the word out right away last night to get some friends to look up, and see if someone could catch this thing on either video or picture. I also assume it wasnt showing up on our cameras, because its spectral range was most likely closer to infrared.
