{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-14 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508531","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49944","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4222,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/531/mufon-5508531.json","updb_database_id":5508531}
{kt}four fuzzy orbs; very bright and reddish-orange and faded to white as rapidly moved away

Clear, calm evening, moon in SW, and many stars. We enjoy stargazing and it was a perfect night for that, but we hadnt intended to. 

Witness #1:
It was 9:55 pm because I had just checked on kids before 10:00 news; I was on second floor. Without my glasses on, I glanced out a bedroom window and saw a large red light in the east. Thought nothing of it because we have high altitude jet traffic, but did think it was odd that it was so red/orange, bright and large. Within a minute, Witness #2 came upstairs and told me to put my glasses on and Look; I was shocked by what I saw. I knew it wasnt a jet and hoped it wasnt a UFO. I was uncomfortable and uneasy about what I was seeing. It took me a couple hours to go to sleep because I was upset. And I still am upset when it gets dark. This event has freaked me out!

I saw one large red/orange fuzzy orb (about size of golfball - 60x star) in the SE, about 60 degrees from horizon. And three smaller red/orange orbs (about 30-40x star) in an isosceles triangular pattern (in general but the lengths fluctuated). They were in the East and lower, about 45 degrees from horizon. All of the orbs were very bright, very intense. The larger orb stayed separate from the other three orbs, they seemed to hover or move slowly, no sound and no trail. After 4 minutes or so, the smaller orbs started to become smaller but still bright; then they werent present. The larger orb remained in the SE for about another 30 seconds, then started to get smaller but still bright, and finally no longer visible. I couldnt get a perspective to determine if the larger orb was closer to us as compared to the smaller orbs. I checked my watch after the last orb faded and it was 10:00. 

I didn't notice any drastic or dramatic movements between or by the orbs. However, they did move about some (3-4 inches from my perspective) but didn't dart.  

While the lights were present, I looked around the sky in their area and did not notice any jet activity. For the next couple of hours, Id look out the window every few minutes. As I mentioned this really shook me up. About 10:30 or so, I saw 3-4 planes (not jets) in the area where the lights had been. And then I saw a meteor traveling from north to south; that was out the same eastward facing window where I watched the lights.  

Dont know if this is related or not. We have indoor house cats. Around 9:30 pm, one cat was sitting by the sliding door, which faces East (the direction we saw the lights), and started to growl and get agitated by twitching her tail. She does this (growling and twitching) when the neighborhood Tom is in the area, but he has not been by in several months. I didn't think anything of this and so didn't get up to look outside. The other cat was in the middle of the great room, about 5 feet from the TV, which was off, and she started to stare at the TV.

Witness #2:
Witness #2 was on first floor and was turning off house lights to go up to bed. Witness #2 saw the lights before #1. #2 went to close the sliding glass door and saw brighter than normal lights out to the east. There were three orbs in a triangular formation and a fourth clearly maneuvering to join them. There was some jockeying around to get into a rough formation. #2 went outside to further observe and watched the orbs for about 3-4 minutes, then went inside to have #1 look out the window.

The orbs were fuzzy, there wasnt a clear shape. They were bright and the light pulsated. As they moved away, the reddish-orange light faded to white.
