{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-07 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521531","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34717","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2527,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/531/mufon-5521531.json","updb_database_id":5521531}
Large diamond-shaped matte black aircraft with extremely bright flamelike lights flying at low altitude

I was taking the dog out last night when I saw a very bright ball of orange/yellow light which appeared just above the crest of a hill south of the house. It was about 11:00 to 11:30 on a moonlit night with some wispy clouds in the sky. As the lights came closer I could see that they were on an aircraft and I thought it might be on fire and might crash. I then realized it was on a straight course towards the house and didn't appear to be in distress. As the object and the lights came closer I could see that they were attached to an aircraft of some kind and as it came above the valley just south of the house I could hear a droning sound like that of a plane far off in the distance. But it was nothing if compared to the deafening noise a commercial aircraft of such size and so close by would make. 

I saw the object from below as it passed over the house in a northwesterly direction. It appeared to be a very large black matte or dark grey flat object with a shape between a square and a diamond. It was much bigger than the house. I couldnt see any distinguishing marks on the lower part, but the lights were very bright--the brightest Ive ever seen and the colors were very vivid. They seemed to be both orange and yellow at the same time, but in no discernible pattern. There was a light on each point of the object, but there may have been 2 more. I remember thinking that the shape was odd in some way--its wasnt easy to find a frame of reference to describe it. It also happened very quickly and I was a little frightened by what I was seeing. I couldnt hear any sounds until the craft was very close by and they faded quickly as it moved northward and out of sight.

Ill try and draw a picture of what I saw, but it will be very difficult. The angle of viewing wasnt straight forward and Im not an artist.
