{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-02-24 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466531","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2638,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/531/mufon-5466531.json","updb_database_id":5466531}
{cak} Incredibly uncomfortable and awkward feeling until object appeared from side of condo. Thought it was a police helicopter. Hovered, and then continued.

It was our food shopping night. When we got back to the parking lot we started bringing groceries in. I told my wife that I had a weird feeling, and I asked her if she felt anything . . . nope.

Went back out, and still had the same feeling, but I was becoming increasingly uncomfortable.

Brought more groceries in, and then went back outside to get more groceries. As I was heading outside, the discomfort got to the point where I felt like jumping out of my skin. As I walked into the parking lot, the feeling disappeared.

Looking Northward toward the building, a white circular object appeared. As it traveled over me, it seemed to slow down to almost a hover, and the light looked like a police helicopter light, but there was no noise . . . absolute silence.

Behind me a fellow tenant came out of his apartment to go to his Jeep. I was going to yell to him to look at what I was seeing, but fearing for what consequences might occur. I stood silently.

The object continued across the night sky,and I watched it travel over the furthest building.

I turned toward the West, and the horizon was the color of twilight at 8:30pm on a summers night, but it was February, and that does not happen in February.

The next day, a colleague mentioned that there had been UFO activity the night before all the way down to Boston where a mother ship had been reported.

The following days newspaper reported the even as possibly a weather balloon. Sure. I always get weird feelings around weather balloons, and the evening twilight always occurs at 8:30PM on a cold night in February.

A couple of months later I might have been abducted, but I'm not sure, because it occurred while I was sleeping. I just know I have vivid memories of that incident as well AND I still am uncomfortable going outside at night and looking at the night sky . . . don't know why that would be.
