{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470531","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/531/mufon-5470531.json","updb_database_id":5470531}
{dr}Organic Jelly Fish/Octopus looking UFO over the Hudson River

This was my very first UFO event, seeing one for myself made me a believer. It was a cold November evening, I was watching the Monday night football game with my buddies it was a pretty boring game and the Ravens were ahead by about 30 or so points,we decided to call it a night at around 11pm or so. I was wearing a big puffy northface coat it was freezing and my friend who I was with lived in my building and wanted to smoke cigarette, I said he had to smoke it outside, no cigeretts in the house but I stayed in the cold with him to chat. I consider myself somewhat a star gazer but as you know in NYC the light pollution sucks and there aren't many stars to look at.

I looked over to the NYC skyline, I lived in Union CIty, NJ at the time and with our view you feel like you can almost touch the skyline on a crisp cold night. At this time of year Orion constellation can be seen pretty clearly, I always know where to look to find it. As I gazed at the constellation I decided to look vertically up to the sky and at the exact moment I saw something, it was so faint against the night sky but something was moving up there. Perplexed, I squinted as hard as I could, mind you my buddy nick was talking to me at that moment but I could no longer hear his words I was so zoned in to what I was looking at.

This object wasn't your classic ufo, it had no definitive shape, it had what looked like stars inside of it and was constantly changing shape. In my mind, I was trying so hard to compare it to something I've seen before, I couldn't. After about a minute I realized what I was looking at and I grabbed nick by the arm and said, "bro, look!" only a few seconds had passed, I thought it was an airliner with all of its lights off at first, but that wasn't it at all. We stood there watching it as it glided, no noise, it was taking huge leaps from east to west gliding south bound just over the Hudson River. As it made its way further south just over the southern tip of Manhattan where WTC is located, we could see the back if it it had spiraled streams of light that looked like tentacles, very defined individual streaks of light, it looked to have several apendedges. This is when I was able to make a good comparison to something familiar to me, "it looks like a jellyfish!" We stood there in awe as it covered such a vast amount of distance in the sky so effortlessly. As it got further away it began blending it with the darkness of the night as if it was a small pebble dropped in to water rippling outwards until the light dissipated. Totally Bizarre!

I've never been so fascinated in my life, I stayed awake almost the entire night going back outside hoping I would see it again. I thought the next day I'd see something on the news, nothing. That night I became a believer.

It looked kind of like this [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
