{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-15 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468531","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92038","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2466,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/531/mufon-5468531.json","updb_database_id":5468531}
{cak} Red blinking light hovers back and forth in sky.

Me and three friends were driving in the country a little ways outside of town (the town is not very big though) when I noticed a irregular light blinking in the sky. We slowed down a bit before parking in the middle of the road and running out of the car to look at it. Even though we had just left the car in the road it had not been a problem because no cars had passed, this was strange because there is usually and least a few cars out of town. The red light would blink and be slightly to the left, than it would blink again and be back at the right. It continues doing this while we watch it, it sort of looked like it was hovering back and forth while blinking. One of my friends claimed to see three lights and another claimed to see two. Me and my other friend had only seen one irregular light. The light looked like it was above the town we had just left and it was well above any service towers in the area. The light was above all the human made lights in the area but it was still below the clouds. I had seen about three airplanes pass by just before this so I was sure it was definitely below where planes fly. My friends began to get scared so we got back in the car and as we started to drive the light disappeared entirely. This event temporarily terrified my friends and the drive back was extremely uncomfortable. Maybe not related but at about 11 p.m. when I got home a black car with its lights on was parked between me and my neighbors homes. I thought it was strange because my neighbors have a truck and after I had gone inside I went back out a few minutes later and the car was gone. The car may have been someone visiting my neighbors but I thought it might be good to mention. At the time of posting this the event had happened last night so this describion should be very accurate.
