{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502541","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56459","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4347,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/541/mufon-5502541.json","updb_database_id":5502541}
Illuminated sphere seen in rural Ohio in the early to mid 1980s. The object hovered over and traveled down the road without making any sound.

I grew up in a rural part of Southwest Ohio on a farm. Our farm was close if not on the border of the Appalachian region. We lived off a small, one lane road which I walked upon thousands of times....day and night. Overall, the road saw very little traffic.

It was darker in this area as there was a paucity of man made light. I could often clearly see the stars The area always had a feel of the paranormal and supernatural which I was never quite able to put my finger on.

A neighbor friend and I had an experience one night that neither of us can explain to this day. The event described herein took place in the early to mid 1980s.

We had a very large yard and were camping in a tent for the night. It was very late at night and we were playing cards. My friend was facing the road and I had my back to it. At some point I noticed my friend had frozen, was not speaking and was staring at the road with eyes as big as saucers. I turned to look and what I saw was definitely one of the strangest things I have seen in my life.

I saw an illuminated object hovering over and moving along the road. I grossly estimate that it was five times larger than a basketball. The object appeared to have a small degree of mass but overall seemed rather ethereal. It was about three feet above the road and moving at a steady pace. It was moving at a rate of a fast walk. The light was not too faint nor too bright. It did not blind us or otherwise stress our eyes as we stared at it. The object had no beam connected to it.

The object made no sound that we could hear. It traveled smoothly without going up or down. The weather was fine. We heard no sound of an airplane or any other sound from the sky above.

We both were in stunned disbelief and watched as it continued down the road. Our vision of it soon became blocked by the barn as the phenomenon continued down the road

Again, the object had no beam attached to it so it was not a flashlight. What could this have possibly been? Perhaps it was some type of weird and rare reflection off a plane or satellite but I don't think so. It was not swamp gas!

I have entertained a number of possibilities over the years and none of them make sense. To this day, my friend and I cannot explain what this was. We both tend to believe the object was paranormal, supernatural, or otherworldly.

In retrospect, I wish I had rushed out of the tent and followed the object. Who knows though; perhaps that would have been a mistake.

By the way, neither my friend or I are stupid or prone to hysteria. My lifelong friend is now a retired Air Force officer; he is rather intelligent, experienced and accomplished in general. I graduated from college with honors, have been a government employee in three different states, am honorably discharged from the military, etc. My friend and I have also traveled a great deal and have had a number of unique and nuanced experiences.

I communicated recently with my friend on Facebook and he vividly recalls the event. To this day, neither of us can explain what we saw. He mentioned that it may have been a probe of some type or something related to another dimension?

It has always nagged at me at to what this could have been. Perhaps someone else has seen something similar?

I am attempting to attach an image of what the object grossly resembled. Again, this is grossly what it looked like. If the attachment does not come through the object can be seen here: [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

Thank you!
