{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-11-01 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527541","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/541/mufon-5527541.json","updb_database_id":5527541}
Orb moving in a figure 8 pattern in the middle of the woods, seemed close, calming effect.

I was in high school, either a freshman or sophomore. I lived in a highly wooded area, about 24 acres, but in the city, still no lights were visible. Only radio towers and sometimes a house light in the far distance could be seen but very rarely did this ever happen. The radio tower was very close, so it's light was very high up in the sky. The house light was only visible when you were directly at the window, and looking south-east. It was fall/winter because leaves were not on the trees. My window faced the east, as did my bed. 
I was laying in bed one night, and looked out my window from across the room. I noticed something that was not normally there. it was a red light at about eye level with me. me being on the 2nd floor on my home I thought "Hmm, that's really odd.." and didn't really think anything of it. but as I laid in bed, I began to wonder.. I looked back up and the circular light was still there. I sat and stared at it for a moment, and it began to slightly move. I thought it was my eyes playing tricks on me, so i looked harder. as i moved my head up and down to see if it was just me, the light stayed level with my eyes. At this point, I was pretty freaked out. I got out of bed to investigate, which is very uncharacteristic of me, because I am a scardy-cat. Me being young, I thought that someone was in the tree recording me or something, but i wasnt scared in the least. it was almost as if it drew me towards it, and i was calm. As I stared harder into the pitch black woods, it seemed to fade away. I thought it was very strange and fell asleep. The next night it was visible again. And the next. After that, it would sometimes be there, sometimes not. About 2 weeks passed with no orbs in sight. One night that it appeared i was staring at it, and it split into two orbs that began revolving in a figure eight pattern. I again was "drawn" to the window. I just stared. I really did not know what it was. the two red orbs would almost "chase" each other, and then return to the one orb, still moving in a figure eight pattern. after another night of the two orbsI remember telliing my mom that i saw it and she just really disregarded it, as any skeptical mother would her child. I was never scared, just very interested, which sparked my intrest in shows like UFO Files and UFO Hunters. I loved it. 2 years ago we moved houses, and was home watching my favorite show UFO Hunters. The episode was about orbs. I didn't think anything about it until it showed an artist's rendering of an orb, and the feelings that it caused in people. I froze. It was the exact type of thing that I saw 4(ish) years ago. I knew that what i saw was not ordinary or normal. I never got any bad feelings from staring at it, I was calm and curious. I am a freshman in college, intelligent, from a good family, high test scores, and otherwise honest. I am telling my story for the first time. Thank you.
