{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-01-05 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490541","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69042","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/541/mufon-5490541.json","updb_database_id":5490541}
{nd} Woke up to a bright light in my face, saw lights in the sky afterwards, and found out years later same thing happen to my mother

I will start by saying I only recently found out that the same thing happened to my mother at the same house which makes me want to share this story in hopes of finding out if it has happened to anyone else.
I was living in Cayucos California in 2008-2009 and was 19 years old. My mom was staying at her boyfriend's house for the night and so I slept in her bed. She lived in a small 1 bedroom apartment by a restaurant and bar across from the beach. Cayucos is a very small quiet town at night and everyone knows each other. I woke up suddenly in the middle of the night because a very bright warm light was shining in my face. The head of the bed was under a big tall window with a piece of my mom's stained glass art in front of it, with a gap at the top of the art that you could see out the actual window, which was maybe 5 inches wide. The light that shone down must have been coming from very high in the sky to have made it through the gap in the window and onto my face! I remember feeling so scared and like somebody was watching me in the room so I cornered myself in the dark bedroom and called my sister from my cellphone. I woke her up and I cried and asked her to drive over to help ease my fears. She decided not to and said everything is fine so I sat in bed a little longer and then got up and walked into the living room and looked out the front door. No planes, helicopters or any body was around. This coastal town is super dead at night. it was so quiet and still it really spooked me. I decided to look up and I saw what looked like 2 stars perfectly parallel to each other flying across the sky. They looked very high up but not as high as satellites. If you held your arm out and put a space between your finger and thumb they would be around 2 inches apart. I watched them fly pretty quickly until they were over the roof and I couldn't see them anymore. I ran back inside and sat there trying to figure out what could have woken me up. I don't remember anything else. I recently talked to my mom and she brought up her own experience without me even mentioning my story to her. She said one night she was woken up by a super bright light in her face from the sky. Right after she told me this I told her what happened to me. She said she fell asleep right after she was woken up which seems typical for her. I wonder if anything happened to us. I've seen a couple ufos at different times in my life. I'm pretty scared but still very interested and curious and have studied about this sort of thing for years now. I would really be interested to hear if anyone else has had something like this happen specifically the waking up to warm light in your face.
