{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-17 04:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288541","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3347,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/541/mufon-5288541.json","updb_database_id":5288541}
Phoenix Lights boomerang black with six lights

(Name and email removed to Field Investigators Section/cms/LLL)
Apr 18, 2021, 10:06 AM (22 hours ago)

to gknapp

Hello 
My name is (Name removed to Field Investigators Section/cms/LLL). My wife and I retired in Fort Mohave Az. in 2012. I awoke yesterday at 3:30 and looked up and I saw what appeared to be a triangle moving from south to north. I was lit up but hazy, maybe behind a thin cloud layer. So I got up this morning, sat down and when I looked up I saw a giant chevron with I believe were six or seven bright lights.  It was exactly what flew over Phoenix in '97. I ran in to tell my wife and I could not speak for about a minute. When I finally told her what I saw I ran back outside. This is where it gets good . I sat back and within a couple of minutes I saw what I believed to be what I saw Saturday morning but this time the sky was crystal clear. It was in the same flight path as yesterday a little east of the chevron moving south to north. But I could see them clearly now. What I thought was one triangle was actually a formation of ten to twelve objects that appeared to be triangles. I watched fifteen of these formations and on the last formation there were about thirty objects. At first I thought maybe there were geese flying south,but here's the wierd part. these objects would appear at about 40 degrees above the horizon and disappear at about 110 degrees. These formations were moving moderate speed. This morning which would be the 19th, My two granddaughters got up to look. they were outside joking that maybe I was seeing things when two of these formations flew overhead. They came in freaking out and woke me up. We sat there and watched 10 more. So it has been 3 days in a row about 3:30 am to 5:am. Just for a little background when my wife and I moved here Sept. 16 2012, we travelled all day and were looking over the back fence which has a view of the whole Mohave valley. I saw some lights through the trees and for some reason I said to her that she was about to see her first ufo. This object was shaped like an acorn and had green and red lights around it. It was about 200 ft. high it went past us then it took off to the NW. The next day,my first day in Az, I was getting gas in bullhead city and four black helicopters flew over. Coincidence? Since then I have seen many strange things in the sky and never reported anything.However, this sighting had a profound impact on me and being familiar with your reporting on the subject I felt I had to reach out to you. Forgive me for such a long e-mail. If you want to talk my phone # is - (removed phone number to Field Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL)
Thank you for your patience and your time. Bill
