{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-10-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481541","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78469","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/541/mufon-5481541.json","updb_database_id":5481541}
UFO dark mist formed into a solid round shape, then dropped into another UFO that slowly formed below it from 2 misty tenticles, then a shape formed from it like a solid ship or plane which hovered before is shot off to the north.

On either October 16th or December 18th of 1994 at approximately 6:45am I was flying commercial from Edmonton to San Diego California. I had flown the same route three times that year, but I believe it was during the December trip that I saw an undulating mist, or what appeared to be thick black smoke hovering outside my window far off in the distance. Alarmed, I looked around me to see if anyone on my side of the plane was looking out the window, but most passengers appeared to be asleep. I first thought something big might be burning on the ground below the plane, but then realized we were too high (2300 ft. above ground) to see a ground fire. I was shocked to see this mist tightening up and becoming a shape like a walnut, getting more opaque by the second. I looked over at the man next to me who also was looking past me out the window, and I asked him if he was seeing what I was seeing. He said "yes" just as the dark walnut shape seemed to bleed down two long dark, misty" arms" which started to form into a small very dark little saucer shaped craft below the walnut shaped mass. I still asked the man next to me if he was seeing what I was seeing as I quickly started sketching the shapes in my notebook. He said he was seeing a shape forming from the larger shape above it, and we both watched as the larger walnut shape slowly appeared to melt away while the smaller craft formed into the saucer shape, then formed a tail like a plane, and suddenly zipped off so fast it left our viewing sight. I asked the man beside me to describe what he thought it was. He told me it looked like a saucer, then a silhouette of a plane before flying off. I showed him my drawings and he told me that he worked for a big defense company, and stated "I know what military craft looks like, and that was nothing I've ever seen before...that was no weather balloon Mam". He told me to keep my drawings and gave me his business card, which I have since lost. I did speak with the pilots when I was leaving the plane. I asked 2 of them if they happened to see a black cloud that formed into a "shape" out of the right side of the plane when we were close to crossing over the US from Canada. They looked at each other and said no. I told them I drew what I saw and they both asked to see my drawings. They appeared very interested, but they were not saying if they saw anything.
