{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-10 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491541","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68025","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2800,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/541/mufon-5491541.json","updb_database_id":5491541}
{cak} Observed triangle craft move over Lake McConaughy

Friday July 10th 11:10 p.m. North of Ogallala NE., I was visiting family on the North East shore of Lake McConaughy, and watching an intense thunderstorm several miles to the South. Skies were clear over the lake, and with no moon light, stars and milky way were very bright. Looking in a SSW direction over the lake, I observed a red blinking light moveing to the NE towards me, maybe a little over a mile in distance. Elevation looked to be what a small plane would fly to look at the lake. Speed was fairly slow as it took 3+ min. to reach the area of beach I was on, so I assumed it was a small plane, out for a night trip to see what things looked like in the dark out there. My observation was single red light blinking as it aproached, and no other lights. As the object was slightly less than ninty degrees above and just slightly to the west of my location, I observed a dim white light out aways to the front of the red light. It was hard to estimate distance between red center light and dim white light out on the front of the craft, but not real close. I first thought maybe plane escorting or chaseing after small orb, as those were only lights seen. Object passed overhead at my guess less than 1500 feet in altitude, and I could not see any features of the craft, other than lights. I thought there was a slight rumble, but a small power generator running nearby covered sound. I quickly looked around in the dark for a witness, seeing an unknown man sitting in a nearby chair, pointed the object out to him. He said c-130 which I quickly discounted, and ran to the North to get away from large cottonwoon trees that obscured object as it flew to the North. To the North I quickly found the object, which started to make a slow turn to the west. This is when two other small dim lights appeared, makeing a very perfect triangle of dim small white lights, with the red light centered. With craft then maybe 1/2 mile away, triangle size was large, but not giant. Object made a slow turn to west and then moved to a SSW path back over the lake. I decieded to leave the area to see if I could some how get close again, but lost sight of light.
