{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-07 01:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486541","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73161","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/541/mufon-5486541.json","updb_database_id":5486541}
{cak} It was just a strange blinking light that drew my attention to it. I started taking pictures. When I looked at the pictures is when I saw that it was a space craft.

I was at my old apartment complex. I went outside through my front door to have a smoke. I saw this very strange blinking light. I was staying in the same spot for a long time. I grabbed my phone and sat down in the chair I had on my front balcony. I started taking pictures / videos of what I thought was just a unexplainable blinking light. All I saw was a blinking light that seemed to be just hanging in the same spot. It would disappear and reappear in the same area for 2 hours. I could not stop looking at it because it just didn't move but was constantly blinking. Bever stopped blinking but hovered in the same spot the entire time. It wasn't until I looked at the still pictures did I realize what it was. I was so amazed of what these pictures captured. It was some kind of spacecraft that seems to be having "car trouble" . It hovered in the same spot but turn around and showed differant views of the craft itself. It looked like an open faced sub sandwich. I can see the solid outline of the craft which is the " bun of the sandwich". The "ingredients" is where there was a constant bright white glowing light. In all of the pictures behind the craft there is always this faint blue glow. I think the white light is what powers it. I read about some kind of radiation that can be contained that gives off a blue glow like this did. it said it can be used for moving faster than the speed of light. If light passes through water it slows down. This white light is what it uses to be able to stop on a dime and switch directions then accelerate at the speed of light again. it can also be used to just hover in midair. I know what I saw was the most amazing and never seen before evidence of a real UFO. I watched snd took pictures for 2 hrs. I went inside just to get a drink. I laid down for just a minute and fell asleep. Woke up after the sun came out and it was gone.
