{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-22 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284541","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118877","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3005,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/541/mufon-5284541.json","updb_database_id":5284541}
Flashing Cylinder Shape moving slowly then hovered.

10/22/21 Dearborn, MI (Friday morning at 10am) while on a break at work, I was staring out the window noticing how blue the sky was. Planes from Detroit Metro were seen flying over my building heading east. I noticed a white flash in the sky. I didn't see anything at first but was staring in the area of the flash. 2 seconds later the flash happened again. It was moving in a southwest direction. Again couldn't see anything solid. 2 seconds later I see the flash again. This time I notice its speed in the direction it was going was slow unlike the planes flying before this appeared. I also noticed that when it flashed it was rolling counter clock wise and it would catch part of the sun off its shiny silver side. another 2 seconds later and the flash happened again, this time I could just make out a cylinder shape to it during the quick flash. once the flash was gone, you couldn't see it. I grabbed my cell phone to see if I could capture the flash but it was to grainy, out of focus and the windows weren't to clean on the outside. I tried to find the flash again but didn't see it. I kept scanning the rough area and path it was flying until I found it again. But, this time something different happened. It hovered in place. it flashed 2 more times and then disappeared. Keep in mind those flashes took 2 seconds before you'd see it again. I originally thought space junk or satellite. Because I've gone out looking for them but only after sunset when its the best time to catch them. The fact that it stopped and hovered in place changed all my thoughts as to what it could be. I spent another 10 minutes seeing if I could find the flash again but nothing. During that 10 minutes I noticed an airplane at a higher altitude (at least 25,000 feet) going south to north about the area I last saw the flash/object. I could easily tell it was a airliner with wings even being very small at the altitude it was at. Which helped me understand the cylinder was a lot higher and made me think it was in orbit. I'm including a photo as to the view I saw as well as how clear of a day it was. When you see the photo, it started near the top of the photo, heading away from my building. about mid way of my photo is where it stopped before disappearing.
