{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-17 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494810","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64651","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2450,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/810/mufon-5494810.json","updb_database_id":5494810}
{cak} Smoking a cig saw multiple lights coming my way with no sound and low to the ground

I was sitting on my front porch smoking a cigarette when I noticed a handful of lights that seemed to be gliding towards me. I immediately stood up and began walking around the front of my house to get a better look and as I got to the street I froze in complete shock or awe because of what I was looking at. I don't quite know what I was feeling I haven't experienced something like that it was like I couldn't think. Almost felt like my thoughts were stopped for a brief period of time as this object glided directly over me. Maybe my brain was trying to put it all together. I mean the object was a giant triangular prism (not a pyramid) that looked as if it was bending space around its self while making almost no noise except a slight hum. As it glided over me I could see what may have been hyrogliphs on the surface reflecting in the moonlight. Couldn't quite tell. I definitely could see some kind of force field around it there were some kind of waves traveling along the outside of the ship didn't look exactly like heat waves though to me it looked more like this ship was bending space around its self. On the bottom there were multiple lights maybe around 7 with 3 pulsating lights lining the middle that were glowing from white to redish Orange. I had a completely unobstructed view of the object as it kept its silent pace over me then shrunk over the horizon. When my brain kicked back into gear I felt like time was different somehow. I felt belittled. Didn't really know what to do. I attempted to file a report that night and for the next one or two nights but each time I tried to access this website my phone would freeze. It was on October 17th 2014.
