{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-29 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490810","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3080,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/810/mufon-5490810.json","updb_database_id":5490810}
{jpg} looking at sunsets and started two take cell phone pictures then I saw a light kept taking pictures when I tried to get closer I dropped the phone, by the time I picked it up the object was gone.

I went outside to smoke a cigarette and I saw a beautiful sunset,I like to watch sunset and sometimes take pictures with my cell phone. I took a few pictures first and some kind of sparkle or twinkle caught my eye and I was seeing what look like a transparent balloon in the driveway of my next door neighbor but it seem to be glowing a little and I wasn't sure what it was so I stared at it. I looked around to see if someone else on my street might be seeing it I kept looking at it and it rose a little higher than the car I was looking over at it and I was more mesmerised than anything else and I kept having to tell myself take a picture take a picture take a picture and it hovered about head high for a while and made a air hissing sound. It was football shaped actually but you could still see through it, it had kind of a pinkish aura around it.I kept wondering if it was a balloon or a UFO,I kept finding myself not taking pictures and just watching it and kept having to say take a picture and it eventually started to rise up and as it was rising in kind of a straight line heading towards Sun which was showing through the clouds I tried to move a little closer and I dropped my phone and by the time I picked up my phone it was gone.Only the hissing sound could be heard and then it faded away and I just stood there kind of mesmerized wondering if I saw what I thought I saw, I finally sat down at home for about an hourand I decided I should report this so I started looking for someone to report it to not feeling anything just wishing I got more pictures of it or wish I had a movie camera but you get what you can get I just wanted to report it. thank you. I do have the pictures. The 1st pic shows nothing. The 2nd shows the light through my neighbors tinted car window. The 3rd shows the object above the roof.The 4th shows it rising away.
