{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-12 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492810","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66716","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/810/mufon-5492810.json","updb_database_id":5492810}
{dr}I witnessed what seemed to be a bright blue light in my back yard, which slowly faded into itself. Seen from inside the house.

Unfortunately, I am submitting this about 6 years after the short event occurred. The reason I'm submitting this is because I recently discovered MUFON. Considering this event happened at my house when I was a kid, everybody I tell now still doesn't believe me. My mother hardly did when I finally told her months after it happened. I was so afraid of what I saw at the time, as my first UFO encounter was worryingly close; I decided I'd submit something before it makes me go crazy or I make myself forget what I saw.

Anyway, if I remember correctly, it was November of 2009 (sadly, I can't remember the exact day), I was 12 years old, and I was up late watching television in my bedroom in my home in Fairbanks Ranch in Rancho Santa Fe, California. Yes, the same neighborhood where the Heaven's Gate suicides occurred in 1997. At around 2:00AM PST, I decided that it was alright for me to get a late-night snack, even though I had no business being up so late. My mother was asleep in her bedroom, on the other side of the house. I calmly left my bedroom, walked down the hallway, passing the open family room, and almost getting into the main kitchen. From where I stood in the hallway, I could see into another part of the house past the kitchen - a living room with a west-facing french door. I just froze. Outside the french door, I saw what seemed to be the outer edge of a huge, bright blue light, which slowly, and silently, faded into itself. I was about 50 feet away from the door, with the light an unknown distance outside, down the hill. The edge of the light itself reached the height of the left door before it faded into itself. At the time I saw the light, it didn't move, it didn't fly away, it just faded into whatever source was creating it. I don't know where the object or light came from - I didn't witness it descending or coming from anywhere in the valley beyond the house.

The very first thing that I thought I was seeing was colored spots in my vision from looking into lights on the ceiling. I thought it had to be something I was making up, or a visual issue. But, as the light faded, I saw where it was roughly situated. It was clearly behind a mound of dirt that was outside the door, and it was very clear that it was truly outside and somewhere down the hill below. Unlike colored spots in my vision, it faded at a steady speed, and didn't move when my eyes did. So, I instantly realized I wasn't just seeing spots or random colors. Mentally, I remember being terrified after I understood that I saw something I really couldn't explain. I stood there completely still, staring at the door, until the light was gone, looked away, looked back, and confirmed that it wasn't there anymore. I remember talking to myself and saying, "Never mind, I don't need a snack tonight, I'll just go to bed. Yeah, the snack can wait." I ran back to my room and forced myself to sleep, and honestly tried to forget that I even saw anything, thinking nobody would believe me.

When I brought it to my mother's attention later on, she asked me why I hadn't gone to her earlier. I told her I was too afraid, and I remember her giving me a look as if she was saying, "Don't be ridiculous." She tried to explain the event away. She said it could have been headlights, or somebody outside with a blue flashlight. But both of those are impossible. The neighborhood is gated, so nobody could have walked onto the property from the front. The light was beyond too steady for a flashlight; people's hands shake too much, and no flashlight in existence that I have seen is blue and turns off in a perfect fade. It couldn't have been headlights, even though there is a road at the bottom of the hill. But that's the problem - from where I stood, the road was way too far below me for the light to be from somebody's crazy blue headlights. A car would have had to be driven up the property, and that's impossible due to how steep the hill is. It couldn't have been work lights from the bulldozer drivers who began work on the back yard that year, because the neighborhood HOA doesn't allow them to work at night. It couldn't be any kind of man-made light, because the property is just too big for somebody to be running around setting up lights to scare kids.

Even now, I have trouble putting exactly what I saw into words. Unfortunately, the source of the light was obstructed by me being above it in elevation, relative to the hill the house itself is on. Only a slice of it was visible through the glass doors, but the 1/4 of it was large enough to reach the height of the left glass door, as stated earlier. The light could have been just an orb, or it could have come from a small ship, but I don't know for sure. What I can describe is how strange it was to see the light fade into its own source. The closest comparison I have is if somebody had pointed a concert light upwards at the house, and made it fade out over the course of about 2 seconds. But it seemed to be its own sort of mass, or ball of light, or something. There was also absolutely no place for a man-made light to be stationed in the back yard or anywhere down the hill. The color of the object is also difficult to identify, but not due to my inability to get a perfect look at the light. I am an artist, and I have recently been working on graphic design projects, illustrations, and video game concept art. To this day, I can't replicate the color and brightness exactly. The bright, but deep, blue primary color of the light or object emitting it was so perfect, controlled, and soft, yet strong, I have yet to find an exact blue color to call it. The way it faded was so smooth, I don't think even a stage light could be a proper re-creation. It was so inexplicably scary to me, but now I find it a little fascinating.

I lived in that house for another five years before moving for college at 17, the back yard grading was finished, and nothing strange happened on that property ever again. We still own the property today. However, I was greatly affected by this psychologically. I still have a fear of being abducted or observed, or even seeing something again. My mother jokes that I stay up all night because I'm a college student, but I do it to make sure at least she is awake to get me if there is another UFO close to the house. Or, at least I will be awake if something was to happen in the middle of the night. Regardless, I definitely believe in the existence of UFOs and extraterrestrials after that night.
