{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513810","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44451","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2320,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/810/mufon-5513810.json","updb_database_id":5513810}
(GS) Planet like object

First of all, I can not even speculate as to what I witnessed. Let me start by stating that I live in a very rural area on a hill. I have an unobstructed view of the western horizon. There are very few lights near my house.

It was early evening and I went to make sure the front door was locked. The door faces west and I took a peek through the window. The sky was a dark blue to black as it was dusk. I saw a very bright light to the west/north west. I thought it was a planet and no other stars were visable in that direction. I stepped outside and looked up and that portion of the sky overhead was full of stars - not a cloud in the sky. The object was pulsing and changing colors several times a second. It did not move at all.

I went back inside and grabbed my cell phone and turned on the Google Sky app and pointed it at the object. The map on the screen showed no planets nor any other thing of note. I then went back inside and sat down to watch the news or something along those lines. During the commercial breaks, Id go back out an see if the object was still there - and it was. Still no stars surrounding it.

This is where things get a bit strange. Im recalling this incident almost as if were to have been a dream fading from memory. I think I called my girlfriend at this point and told her about it. After I got off the phone, I went to the door to look and the light was gone! Then, within about twenty minutes, I started feeling extremely fatigued and my whole body started to shake. At that point I went to bed and even called into work the next morning as I just could not get out of bed. The day after, I was just fine. I have no idea if this was a coincidence or not.
