{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-10 02:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520810","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/810/mufon-5520810.json","updb_database_id":5520810}
Stationary pulsating lights seen due west, then multiple direction path until it just vanished into thin air.

I stepped out onto balcony at night and observed a stationary pulsating light in the western sky at approximately 2:45 am. Within a minute I saw a much closer airplane traveling north from south. I often watch the sky and starts in the area since I have a wonderful view. It was a clear night sky with no light pollution. I went back inside and tried to use my video camera and regular camera however I could not get a good focus due to distance of object which caused me to try and maximum zoom which I could not steady and locate in lens. Using my binoculars I watched object until it vanished from sight in a clear night sky, unobstructed view. It simply blinked out and it was gone. During the entire sighting, the object appeared as a red/white/orange light. Since initial visual was gained, the object moved in a reverse closed number 4 pattern, starting at the lowest point, moving to the highest point, then lowering on a diagonal half way back down and to the RIGHT, the it moved horizontaly going south, through the path of the upward movement... Then it blinked out and it was gone. This entire sighting took approximately 15 minutes in total. I am on some of the highest ground in my area and I did NOT have to look up to see these lights. I only had to look West. Based on my location and my percieved distance from the object, I believe whatever caused these lights was off the West coast of California... exactly due West of Richmond, CA. These lights might have been seen from people closer to the coast had they been looking also. They were NOT over the SF Bay... they were much further West than that because I can see the Bay clearly.
