{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-17 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530810","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24656","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2922,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/810/mufon-5530810.json","updb_database_id":5530810}
Bright star/planet appearing that remained stationary and shrunk in size until it disappeared.

I came home from a neighbors house and took the family dog out for his last potty call of the night. Being a star gazer I was looking to the west to see if Venus was still visable this late at night. Venus had already set below the horizion but another well lit object caught my eye as I scaned the sky for other planets. I looked up to the Big Dipper and just off the handle was what I thought was another planet. It was as bright as Venus has been the last several months as Venus sets in the west. At first I was dumbfounded thinking of how I could have missed such a bright planet on previous nights that I had walked into my backyard and looked at the stars. I stood there stairing at the bright object when it started to shrink in size and brightness. The whole process took about 1 1/2 minutes but I have no idea how long this bright object was in the sky before I noticed it. The whole time the object stayed stationary in the sky as it shrunk in size until there was no evidence that it was ever there. I saw the same thing on the next night, 07/18/2010 at aprox 10:10 PM CST but this time it was about 30-40 degrees straight east of the Big Dipper

This is the 4th time I have seen this strange light the first being about 6 years ago in the late winter and the last before these latest sightings was about 2 years ago in the summer. I have lived in the Chicago O'Hare since age 1 and I'm now close to 60. I know for a fact that it wasn't an airplane or airplane landing lights, I have grown up with all kinds of airplanes flying overhead and this wasn't a plane. The 3 times I have seen this bright light it seemed to last about the same duration of about 1 1/2 minutes in lenght, the last one about 1 minute. There are no other lights other that the bright white light that stays stationary. The altitude that I see these at is very high so the thought of a helicoptor is out the window too. To describe these the best I can it would be like you were down at Cape Canaveral standing under a rocket as it is launched straight up. For a while the rocket engine is very visible but as the rocket gains altitude the rocket engine shrinks in size from very large to just a pin point and then it's gone from sight.
