{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-14 20:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452810","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2688,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/810/mufon-5452810.json","updb_database_id":5452810}
We observed a bright light moving in multiple directions and fading in and out of sight.

I know this report is months after the fact. I did not realize at the time that there was a reporting site. On October 14th 2019 me my daughter and a guest watched and filmed a short video of something we could not explain. My daughter and guest noticed the object first and then got my attention to see it as well. We observed a bright object in a South Westerly direction from our location in my back yard. The night was clear and calm. We observed the objects behavior for a few minutes before I recorded it with my phone. The object would blink and then would move away for a few seconds then return. The object would move up and down then appear to hover. Eventually the objects disappeared from view. The object would move fast then slow. In the video I captured it was bright then dim then moved away then back. When it dimmed out again, I stopped filming. After a few seconds it reappeared then seem to move straight down. Below the roof line of my neighbor's home. I’m a bit of a skeptic. I was in US Army and National Guard aviation. This I can’t explain. I’ve been on and witnessed many aircraft and none of them moved like that. The video is 2:01 long recorded on October 14th 2019 at 20:22 hrs. My daughter is into astronomy and was amazed. The Guest is a manager at a local facility and I’m Retired from service as well as a State certified Security Officer. I didn’t report this right away because I wanted to try and debunk what I saw. I cannot. Also I didn’t think about there being a site to report. The video was taken after several minutes into the sighting. The map and direction pictures are during the daytime and out dated most of the trees have been removed.
