{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489776","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69833","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/776/mufon-5489776.json","updb_database_id":5489776}
{jpg} Seen a bright, pulsating light reminded me of sparklers doing acrobatics, circles, spins, zig zag, figure eights

I was standing outside the farmhouse at night by a fire barrel in West Chester, South Carolina. The only other kid outside with me went inside and for some reason I stayed outside by myself. Which I admit was out of character, normally I would have went inside with my friend. I was standing by the fire barrel and looking up at the stars. We were 30 miles from the nearest town so the stars were amazing, hardly any light pollution. It seemed out of nowhere it appeared above the treeline that was about 50 yards away. This bright, moving light caught my attention so instead of looking directly overhead I focused my attention on the light. At first I thought that it was a comet or shooting star because it appeared above the tree line and I thought it was a massive light far off. However I soon realized it was not far off in the sky but a smaller object closer to me. I saw no "craft" just a bright pulsating light that amazed me. The orbish ball did multiple types of maneuvers from side to side, figure eights, circles and zigzags. It made no noise whatsoever. I payed attention to it from the moment I saw it until the moment it fell to earth. I have no idea how long the object danced above the treeline because I was basically hypnotized by the sight. I do know however I watched it until it fell from the sky and as it came down into the trees it lit up the surrounding area(the trees) all the way down to the ground. Once it hit the ground it made no sound, not a crash, vibration or anything. The light went out when it reached the ground and everything was as it was before. I immediately started toward the treeline with the full intention of seeing up close the object that fell. A 9 year old kid going into complete darkness sounds crazy which it was because I was scared of what may be in the dark back then. I made it all the way down into the woodland with no fear whatsoever. The next thing I can recall is walking back toward the fire barrel that was in front of the farmhouse. -My feelings while witnessing the event were of utter amazement and wonder. I knew that what I was seeing was not normal, an aircraft or "flare". That what I was seeing was not of this world. I had a feeling then and still to this day feel like whatever it was I saw they intended for me to see it. The way it came soon after my friend went inside and I was left outside by the fire alone. Usually I would have went inside with my friend not stayed outside alone. It seemed as if it was doing aerial maneuvers for me almost as if to show me "hey this isn't of this world, this is something amazing". After the long mesmerizing show I was drawn to the object once it shot down into the woodland. As I said back then I didn't like the dark but I instantly started running toward the wood line into complete darkness. After making it into the dark woods the next thing I remember I was walking calmly out of the woods and toward the farm house. I immediately went inside and told my mother what I saw and she said "I must have seen an angel" and shrugged it off. Over the years some memories aren't so clear but this memory has stayed in my mind. I can vividly recall the sighting. I have researched and researched trying to find answers to what I saw. Why I saw it and why did they want me to see it. Although I don't know for certain they were intending me to see it, it is as if I knew then and know now that they wanted me to see it. As if there was some sort of connection between myself and the object. I am not a crazy person nor an idiot. I have made great grades throughout school, A.I.G classes in elementary (Academically, Intelligently Gifted) I have made straight A's in college through Gardner-Webb University and have inducted into Alpha Sigma Lambda from the honor society. One of the highest rewards available in a 4 year college. Top 10 percent of my graduating senior class. I am not looking for attention or trying to brag on myself for I didn't even include my name in this statement. I truly have experienced what I have stated among other things with UFO's and even paranormal/psychic experiences. When I found out about MUFON on unsealed alien files it was like a sign. I have been researching trying to figure out what I saw long ago and I believe the MUFON people could finally help me. Thank you for your time and please do Contact me by phone, email or hell in person would be best.
