{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-07 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508776","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49679","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6803,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/776/mufon-5508776.json","updb_database_id":5508776}
beach after the sunset saw strange red light hovering near only cloud with lightening changed colours no noise broke into two and disapeared

What I am about to describe is the most crazy, bazar, and phenomenal experience I have ever witnessed first hand I definitely don't ever see things that aren't really there or don't have some rational explanation as to whatever it may be....... UNTILL NOW!!!! My Fiance and I were away at a cottage in a native reserve at Ipperwash Beach (we are not of native origin) there was a big storm earlier that morning which caused a power outage. Later on that evening we decided to head down to the beach to catch what we could of the sunset considering the large amount of cloud coverage. There was a lot of Cumulous Nimbus clouds with some rain and some flashes of lightening not any fork lightening just sheet lightening also there was a few distant cracks of thunder. We have an expensive camcorder as well as a smart phone with a camera/camcorder we brought the camcorder down to the beach to capture what we could of the sunset and we were hoping to see a storm front moving in over the water. There were a lot of mosquitos and I was being eaten alive we decided to head back to the cottage to get some bug spray and we were planning on heading back down to the beach to hopefully see a storm (I love storms) On our way back to the cottage we noticed this one cloud (cumulous nimbus) that head some incredible lightening that was shooting up out the top of the cloud as well as shooting out the side there was no lightening shooting out the bottom, it was fascinating and we caught it on camera. My fianc1 noticed this strange disc yellow in colour at approx. 9:20 pm that went beside this other cloud then turned back on a 90 degree angle and then went straight into the cloud, I did not notice this first sighting but my fianc1 thinks that this object was stealing electricity from the cloud. We then left, headed to the cottage and fixed ourselves up after twenty minutes or so we headed back down to the beach. At this point the sky was completely dark except for the constant flashes of sheet lightening. As we walked down the road towards the beach we at first noticed this bazar red light, as I was watching the lightening in the sky. At first I thought it was just a tower or something tall with a red light on the top of it, then after my fianc1 and I walked past this one tall tree, we both noticed it was hovering strangely. I spoke up and said "babe are you seeing this what the hell is it?" He didn't say anything we stopped dead in our tracks because this object got a hell of a lot stranger. The time at this point was 9:40pm. I then realized we forgot our damn camcorder and we did not bring the cell phone either because there wasn't any reception (I will explain later in my statement how we ended up with a few pictures taken by another couple that witnessed what my fianc1 had first seen when we were walking back to the cottage after the sunset to get the bug spray) I am still kicking my self in the ass for forgetting to bring the camcorder (it always works that way eh! you see something incredible and then you say "oh no I forgot the camera again" lol) anyways as we watched this strange hovering red light it slowly got closer and closer to the beach. It wasn't a plane or helicopter because there was absolutely no noise radiating out of this object it was close enough that if it was something that could be explained like something from earth there definitely would have been some kind of noise or sound. We both agreed that it wasn't a flare or firework because of the duration of time it stayed in the sky. As we continued to observe this "U.F.O" it slowly changed colours as it was still slowly hovering moving down and away the "U.F.O" if I may changed slowly from a bright red glow then to a orange/yellow glow then to a yellow glow then to a white glow. We were both awe stroke. We didn't see anyone around except this strange weird man of native status that was either completely drunk or mentally challenged or maybe even dropped back to earth from this U.F.O we did ask him if he was seeing what we were seeing but I could not comprehend one word out of his mouth if he could talk normally then I believe he would have been definitely blown away like my fianc1 and I were. As We continued to watch this object slowly descending, changing colours, and moving away it all of a sudden split into two bright white objects that got faster in speed as they moved away from each other. They then all of a sudden disappeared. This object disappeared shortly after 10pm. It was just mind boggling I seriously wish we could find an explanation as to whatever it was and I believe I will never find out. If we remembered our camcorder then I would have definitely got my 30 seconds of fame and it would have been one of the coolest videos of a U.F.O either one of us would have ever seen. I want to conclude my statement by explaining that I did talk to this lady which owned a variety store with her husband about a five minute walk from the beach were we were staying by. This lady had asked me if I was enjoying my vacation as I was answering her question I then decided for whatever reason to explain what both my fianc1 and I had seen the night before. I said to the lady that "I am not going crazy but I saw the most phenomenal object or U.F.O" I told her exactly what we had seen she then responded with an answer that blew me away she said "you know what, I was taking pictures of this one storm cloud (the one with the crazy lightening) when I noticed this small bright light" when this lady had taken these pictures the sun had already set but it was still a little bit light out, these pictures are exactly what my fianc1 had first witnessed. This lady sent me by text messaging three of the many pictures she had taken. Well there you go that is both mine and my fianc1's first hand experience of the craziest object U.F.O either one of us has ever seen we both are still shaken up by this sighting. Thank you for letting me explain our experience and I hope one day we will find out if Aliens really do exist??????
