{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-14 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285776","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117625","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/776/mufon-5285776.json","updb_database_id":5285776}
Satellite or Star like.

I lived at the time on an airport in yolo county. At the time, all aircraft were grounded. We were all on lock down. No aircraft in the sky, no one waking up at 4 am and driving to work. If I come out of the room I’m in and turn 90 degrees right. I am looking north, lake Berryessa/ Calistoga to my left. Visibly Sacramento to my right 20 miles away. If there were planes flying, at night I watch them come from Southern California, and land at Sacramento airport to my right, all night long. 

I was in the coast guard. As a seaman I was trained to recognize aircraft and sea craft at night. I understand running lights, light configuration. I know port and starboard, red/green. Last, everyone insists what I saw was Star link. Which if I’m wrong, I’ll accept that. But from what I’ve seen of Star link, it is a group of about 70 satellite like lights, grouped together in a strait line. You even have a video on this page, showing it go by. All I can say is that’s not what what I saw. And I haven’t seen any footage of Star link, or other possible Star like structures that resembles what I saw. 

Because we were in lock down at the time, I didn’t have much of a sleeping schedule. On this morning I had been playing play station all night. At 4 am I decided to leave this room, and go to my van that has a mattress. I live on a dropzone, I am a skydiver. I had my van parked on the other side of the property by the bathrooms. I came out of this room, and shut the door (facing the door west). To my right (90 degrees) is the main parking lot. As I turned clock wise, I caught out of the corner of my eye a light. Because we have Cessnas flying around here all the time, I didn’t think anything of it. What was on my mind, is 180 from the door I came out, is our main manifest office. Someone had not only left the lights on. But the door wide open. I’m the only one out here, so I decided to go turn off the light and close the door. 

Because I was tired, I guess what I saw in the sky didn’t really sink in. But as I was turning the light out, and about to walk out the door. I realize, that wasn’t a plane. It was like the back tail light, or a Star, or a satellite overhead, catching the suns reflection. But that thing was solid white light, not wavering. And not over head. Nor was there sound, as I should be hearing something with how far away it was from me. I decide I’ll walk out, around the building to the right and get back into the parking lot to see what I just saw. 

As I did so, I saw the object, or solid ball of light continuing on its path. The speed wasn’t very fast. A plane would have dropped out of the sky. It was on a course from my left (west/Calistoga area) to my right (going strait to Sacramento. I could tell this thing wasn’t very high, only about 30,000 ft or less. It seemed to be a mile or less away from me. But you have to look mostly up and put a krink in your neck to spot a satellite. I could tell there was no structure, I saw stars in front of it until the lite passed it. If it were a plane, that light should have been blinking. Some kind of other running lights. Nothing. 

Now as strange as that would be, about a mile in back of it was another one, following the same path. Star links lights are not a mile apart. Not even a tenth. They are clustered together in a strait line. What I saw was spread out. My first reaction was why are these things flying so low? Those are in our atmosphere. My second reaction is that another, and another, and another kept coming from the west, and following the same path single file. .    .     .     .    .

They kept coming too. By the time I counted around fifty, it dawned on me I should go grab my iPhone 10 and try to get a picture. I returned and tried, but they wouldn’t show up. Then there was one that was different. One of them seemed broken. It was following the same path, but it was also spinning from 10 to 20. When the other side rotated to me, it was super bright. Like a train light coming at me. It was the only one that had a low level hum. A semi truck was passing to my left as I was watching this. It was heading from north to south. The chains that were clanking drowned out the sound from this broken craft. And they all continued coming from my left. Heading right. 

Then. A second row started. It was staggered. One light in between the first rows gap, but they were a pencil width apart from my perspective. 

.     .      .     .      .      .
   .     .     .      .      .      .

That continued for about five minutes. Then went back to one single file line, still about a mile apart. I tried taking a picture. But the iPhone 10 couldn’t pick them up. At this time I tried calling people I knew in the area. But no one would pick up. Over an hour I counted hundreds of these things. And over that hour, the path it was coming from remained the same. But the direction picked up in altitude and adjusted over me, going towards Lodi. 

There was two that were different than the rest. They looked like a main light and wingman. Close together. 

I’ve never seen planes move this slow. I’ve never seen planes without running lights. I’ve never seen helicopter and not heard the rotor wash. And these things were close enough that I believe if they were a drone, I would’ve heard all of them. And I’ve never seen planes have a solid unwavering light. Like I said I heard one, it was a low level hum. I did see a UFO 20 years before, end it had the same low level hum. That tripped me out. 

Over the course of an hour and a half I counted hundreds of these things. So many that I lost count. The only reason why I stopped watching them was because the sun was coming up and I could not see them anymore. 

I decided to wake up the next morning at 4 AM to see if I saw anything again. I woke up from my van at 4 AM, and without even trying on the same path I saw four within a five minute. They had slowed down in frequency but we’re still coming from north north west and going what I believe was Southeast. Just a speculation, but perhaps twoards Area 51?

On the next night I did it again, woke up at 4 AM, spotted to without even trying. At this point it was boring and I just went back to sleep. Anyone I told about this insisted it had to be military aircraft since we are next to Travis Air Force Base. Insisted they must’ve just been plans or star link. Which I’ve stated that I have seen even up to now many videos on star link. And a year out from my observing these things I have still never seen anything that resembles the configuration I have seen on April 14, 2020. 

I have not seen them since. Though I do spot a lot of questionable aircraft in the skies every now and then. (I am extremely carful about what I do this with because of FAA) I bought a laser. And I do look up into the sky trying to find satellites. One time I spotted three satellites on three different paths above me. Only for two seconds I shined the laser on the third one, and it took off on me faster than I could keep the laser on it. 

One week after I saw these hundreds of orbs. On the same path going the opposite direction from Southern California to wherever these things were coming from going towards Calistoga. I started seeing high altitude jumbo jets, leaving ice trails going the opposite direction. I know that these were military Jets, because my radar app did not register them. Also because I watch planes in this area and I have never before then nor since then seen any jets on this particular path. Or that high up in the sky. This happens for about five days about one every five minutes. I asked other pilots in the area if they’ve ever seen jets on this particular path in our skies. And they have said no never. 

Conclusion. I am not saying that these orbs were aliens. I am not saying that they weren’t some kind of military testing. But I have C1 30s going over me all the time to Travis Air Force Base, and there is no way to mask that sound. I have helicopters coming in and out all the time to Yolo county airport here, and they are loud as hell 5 miles out I am not saying that these things were not military drones. But how do you mask that sound? How do you have one spinning from 10 to 20, while on a different path then it’s spinning? From what I observed, I am convinced more than ever that are military has this technology. These things seemed like they were on auto pilot to a particular destination. It looks like over the course of the hour that I was observing them, they became as concerned about their low altitude and destination as I was. Moving up in altitude and adjusting its destination more south. None of the lights I tried to take a picture of showed up on my iPhone X. So I have no proof of what I saw, and was not able to get anyone up in time to observe what I was seeing. All I have is the story of what I observed, and I guarantee my story has not and will not change. I am not seeking recognition for this, rather trying to get this information to someone that matters. Because what I saw was technology that the public is not used to. And if it wasn’t military, and I am correct in it not being star link, drones, silent slow running planes or helicopters. Then the amount of these things that I saw we’re invasion worthy. 

If it was star link, why were they spread so far apart when the videos I see shows 70 lights clustered together? If these things were up in space, why am I not looking straight up at them? At the 45° angle that I was looking at them from the beginning, they would’ve had to been so far away that they would have been in a different part of the ionosphere. If this were the case, why did I hear one of them? And why was it emitting a sound of a low level hum that I heard from another craft of similar description 20 years before? Nothing adds up, to my just being wrong about what I saw. And since then I have spotted things in the air, pointing them out to people that were with me that insisted it’s a plane, and then just disappearing and making them question what they just saw. I am not the type of person to just jump to conclusions and insist everything I see in the sky is aliens. There’s some shit going on, and it’s going to get interesting when it drops. 

(I sent this story to Steven Greer, and his team. I’ve tried to explain it to others. But no one listens. And I now believe Greer and his money grubbing team is full of shit. I wasn’t thinking at the time. But I should have reported this to you. In all honesty, I might have and don’t remember. Forgive me if I did. I’ve just not heard back from anyone about this, and the rest think I’m full of shit. All I know, is until you see these things for yourself. Society has placed a conditioning on you to think that way. So I don’t blame them.)

Thank you for listening. I think it’s important information. At the very least if I am wrong, I’d like to know what I saw so I can move on and forget about it. Hope it helps in some way.
