{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504776","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54107","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2877,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/776/mufon-5504776.json","updb_database_id":5504776}
{rjl} lights in the skies in winston

I have been seeing a lot of things in the sky recently in Winston-Salem. I have had 5 sightings since I moved here. I don't even tell my family any more because it's pointless- Today I saw two jets flying at what looked to be the same altitude almost as if one was following the other. So I looked to the right of the jets and a I see an object that looks just like the jet but with a bright white glow, and no jet stream. (I have the 2 jets and airplane on video but havent yet seen the object) I thought it was a satellite with the sun reflecting off of it (the sun was coming down) but it looked just like the two jets. I continued to watch the jets go across the sky and I began to realize that it seemed the object, I thought was a satellite, was following behind the two jets. I looked down at my camera to see if it was picking up the object, and as I looked back up it was gone. Nowhere in the sky while the other two jets were flying away. The film I took was 2:47 minutes long, so I watched the object for about 2 minutes. It was completely visible the entire time as well as the two jets, but was gone after I looked back up. About 5 minutes later I'm walking down a street where you can see a nice horizon. I saw a bright light over the horizon and I stood in the middle of the street to watch it. It went upwards into the sky and disappeared into the clouds. I already had called my brother about the first UFO, So I didn't even bother tell him about the second one. I'm tired of seeing stuff and not getting it on film. 

Note: Also in the video I have the 2 jets and an airplane flying across the sky as well that I was comparing this object to. The way I judge my UFO sightings is this. Anything normal in the sky is boring. Anything that's not boring to me is a UFO. This was brighter than the jets (the sun was reflecting off the jets) and it was abnormal. 

I also still haven't figured out what this object is I witnessed with 2 other people. No noise and it was very low but had 4 lights and had flares shooting upwards out of the top of it every couple of seconds. We watched it for about half a minute. I wokeup the next morning searching the news for a plane crash, but nothing in the news. I never figured out what that was.
