{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491776","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67780","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2526,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/776/mufon-5491776.json","updb_database_id":5491776}
{dr}From 9;25 to approximately 9;33 the object appeared, dissapeared 3 separate times. The last of which was captured on two separate cell phone cameras with about one minute of footage each

While visiting the park on July 4th, my family and I were getting ready to watch the firework show. At approximately 9:25 p.m. while waiting for the show to began, I noticed a bright object in the northern sky. It seemed to hover or stay in place, but appeared to be approaching at the same time. It then appeared to move slightly to my left, then hover in place. Then it moved to the right, all the while, appearing to come closer. My first thought was that it was a helicopter, until it changed directions and moved to the left, then to the right. I continued to watch it because I was very curious at this point as to what it was. After several minutes, it seemed to disappear or go behind a cloud. After a few minutes, it reappeared. It seemed to be closer the second time. I tried to video the object but before I could, it was gone. It was at this time, that I called my friend who is also a field investigator for mufon. I called him according to my cell phone at 9:27 p.m. after witnessing the object twice. while I was describing to him what I had just witnessed, the object appeared again, brighter than it had been before. I promptly told him it was back and had to hang up so I could video the object. My phone call according to my cell phone was 3 minutes and 29 seconds when I hung up. That means, the closest time that I could pinpoint to seeing the object for the third time, was 9:30 and 30 seconds.It took me approximately 10-15 seconds to have my phone up and video the object. My wife who was very close to where I was standing, also videoed the object at my request. Two of my oldest children, age 10 and 7, also witnessed the object. Mr. Moore received my wife's video to review, but I also have a second video to show him.
