{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-25 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517776","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39944","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3349,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/776/mufon-5517776.json","updb_database_id":5517776}
{nd}saw several flying objects in formation making sharp90 degree turns on 6/25/2012 and a dark figure hovering above shaped like a triangle flying with a tilt. i was only able to make out the shape because of lights on each point. this occoured 6/26/2012

I’m going to first start by saying if I did not see it myself, I would not believe it but I’m not crazy and I know what I saw, and this is coming from a person that used to laugh at UFO shows and was at one time a skeptic of UFOs. My whole perspective has changed. It all started on 6/25/12 at 930 pm. I first saw an orb moving across the sky which made me curious, so I continued to look around the sky. after that I heard a explosion. (Not sure if relevant??). Approximately 1 minute later a low flying aircraft with what appeared to be 2 bright red lights on the bottom of the aircraft flew approximately 500 ft or less right above me. it was difficult to make out a shape because the red lights illuminated the entire aircraft. It was gone just as quick as it arrived. A few minutes later approximately 15 of the same aircrafts appeared but much higher than the first sighting. They appeared to be flying in formation but were in groups of 5. Shortly after they arrived, they branched off, making sharp turns, and for lack of better words they fluttered like a butterfly would. They circled around for 3, hours almost looked like they were looking for something? Some of these objects appeared to drop orbs as they passed by that remained stationary. all through the night I watched countless shooting stars shooting straight towards the ground and they would leave a smokey grey trail. Towards the end of this experience the entire sky lit up several times and remained that way for a minute or so each time it occurred periodically. I would also see what looked like a spotlight and shortly after that all the aircrafts returned and left in the same formation the came in. that was the end of that night. on 6/26/12. I went back out and watched the sky and saw similar activity as the night before but not nearly as much. The only other thing I saw this night that I didn't see the night before was a bright ray like light coming towards me. When it passed over, I could only see a dark figure and was only able to make out a triangle shape because of the lights on each point. the only feature i could see was that it was flying with a tilt. if had to guess I would say roughly a 45-degree angle. it flew over at 500 ft or lower just like the original one i saw. it was only visible for about 5 seconds n then just vanished. and that was the end of my UFO experience. I’m still baffled and very confused about what I saw, but I will admit it was the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen.
