{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-10-15 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548776","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8272","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3785,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/776/mufon-5548776.json","updb_database_id":5548776}
Glowing Greenish-white oval probably 20-40 feet long (a rough guess)

I had just graduated from University of Idaho in 1978 with degrees in Chemical Engineering and Chemistry and was employed by Bunker Hill Mining Company's Quality Control Laboratory.  I was married and my wife was completing a mining engineering degree.  At the time, we were renting a house from my parents along the northeast shore of Coeur d' Alene Lake which was on a hill several hundred yards in elevation above the Lake, overlooking the lake and to the north of Interstate Highway 90.

My wife, Lisa, and I had just had dinner and walked out onto the second floor deck overlooking the lake and pine forested hillsides. I was past sunset but still very light. As we were looking out over the lake together, a glow appeared under the water, and a glowing greenish-white oval object rose from out of the water, water running off of it.  The object slowly rose vertically until it was slightly above the level of the house. Then it stopped for a few seconds, and then what I saw literally looked like a tapering white line of light going to the northwest going level and whatever it was went from it's stationary point to being gone over the horizon so fast that I am sure it was far less than a second and the fact that to my vision it appeared as a solid straight white tapering line. 

From my technical studies and having taken biology, knowing the human eye responds to images down to roughly 1/24 of a second, I can only speculate that because it looked like a straight line of white light and I did not distinctly see and individual object, that it was moving that distance in less than the time it takes my eyes to process it. I have never seen anything like this before or since. Whatever it was, it went from standing still to a streak of light instantaneously.

One of us said, "Did you see that?" and the other nodded their head. It's almost 30 years ago, so that I don't even remember, just the nature of the interaction.  I was so stunned that I never breathed a word of this to anyone for three years. I felt like I was literally in a state of shock and despite reading UFO books since the early 1960s, my mind was still completely unprepared for this event. All I can say was that because it came from under a lake, rose vertically, stopped and shot off like a beam of light, it had the appearance of being intelligently controlled unless mother nature has such phenomenon that don't make sense. I think I didn't talk about it, because my brain had absolutely no reference point for it in my day to day reality. Seeing something like this is far more profound mentally and emotionally than reading all the books in the world on UFOs because even with all the books, it leaves room for doubt. This personal experience left no explanation, but it also left no room for doubt either.  I do not speculate on what it was and neither can I shrug it off. We lost sight of the object as is disappear over the horizon in a streak of light and guessing from our elevation visibility from up there in the hills of northern Idaho is probably 100 mile and whatever it was made up that distance in a flash.

Steve
