{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-16 22:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453776","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107845","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/776/mufon-5453776.json","updb_database_id":5453776}
{cak} Two UFO’s flew side by side. And disappeared after communicating with me.

I always look at the stars. And from former experienced UFO’s in the past. I almost always flick my lighter as I am typically smoking while gazing. These like many before blinked 3 times back at me. First just one blink. Then 3 blinks of light following my 3 strikes of lighter. They can communicate through thought and mean no harm. Truth. Two ships flew high almost at zenith after hovering in place. I noticed they were stationary but definitely not stars. Once I noticed them. After a few seconds they started skating across the sky to the south west. To my eyes they were traveling faster then 600 mph with ease. One of the ships on the right dipped down about 300 ft then back to its previous position alongside their partner ship in formation. after both ships flashed in communication letting me know they can see me and wish me well. They slid further away and completely faded out or disappeared. Although I think they were just cloaking because they did not blip out like usual or dart away. They just dim down and disappear. Either way. I openly invite any friendly entity’s or beings that mean no harm or ill will to other humans/animals or myself. And more then likely will continue to be visited for the rest of years on this earth in my current vessel. I would love to share my experiences and can even provide more ufo visitations involving multiple people. Truly beautiful and physics challenging ships and sightings. Including two ships that temporarily physically changed 5 of us. Made us feel euphoric and speak in an unknown language that only we could understand for about 20 minutes afterwards. I would love to share my experiences with anyone who cares to hear them for the purposes of expanding knowledge as to who they are and why they visit us. More importantly, what are WE to them. Thanks
