{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-25 01:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459933","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101508","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/933/mufon-5459933.json","updb_database_id":5459933}
{tjd} Several Fast Moving Lights in Southern Utah

Laying in bed unable to sleep, looking out my window at what I believed to be a (somewhat more than normal) “blinking/pulsating” orangish/white star to the North East for about 5 or so minutes at about 1:20AM (blinking was not very out of the ordinary, when compared to other stars [and the atmospheres interference]). I watched/tracked the object through extended blinks and, after 5 or so minutes, the object appeared to move in a straight line (only slightly) to the West from its original position. It caught my attention and I strained my eyes to focus on the object and isolate any movement I may have inadvertently contributed to it. It then, only a few seconds after, dimmed and rapidly fell to the Earth, and then ascended back to its position and original luminosity within approx. 2 seconds.
I then got up, and moved towards the window to be sure about what I just saw. I then noticed two additional whiteish/blue lights that were slightly dimmer than the object I first noticed. These secondary lights made rapid movements across the visible skyline, and then would return to their original spot. After a couple more minutes, I noticed several more lights that seemed to “fly off/away” from the 3 clearly distinct lights. These smaller lights moved incredibly quickly and spiraled around the other lights, and then beamed away/to other lights. These lights were difficult to track. 
After about 10-15 minutes, I woke my girlfriend up to verify/validate my observations. I stood in my original position (facing NNE) and she faced the window at a different and lower angle (facing E). I pointed to the primary light, and asked her if she saw anything weird, to which she responded in the affirmative. She then brought to my attention 3 additional lights that were coursing the Pine Valley mountaintop to the East (her view in my original position was obstructed by a tree). These lights were as bright as the 2 secondary lights I noticed, and were significantly more active. Moving North and South across vast distances, making right angle turns towards the upper atmosphere. We watched these for about 20 more minutes, until the “secondary” lights dimmed to black first, and the primary light followed shortly after.
I am aware of the fact that the design of the eye naturally creates a dead zone in the center of the pupil. Recognizing that, looking slightly away from each of the lights gave them the appearance that they were emanating a bluish light, it also made some of their more subtle (semi-erratic) motions more apparent.

I’ve seen something very similar about 5 years ago, to the NWW. There were 4 (or 5) amber lights that pulsated in the sky for about 5-10 minutes (after I noticed them) on highway 18. When I arrived at my home, I noticed smaller lights that performed in a similar fashion. I was also not the only witness to this (separated by several years).

The questions with regards to elevation and size are difficult to answer. They were several hundred feet in elevation, sometimes nearing a vertical position above the house. I live at about 4600 ft. The objects ranged in size, but their size (to my lights) were indeterminate. Their distance was also semi-indeterminate, but appeared to be north of the Pine Valley exit off of highway 18 (approx. 15-20 miles)The ones my girlfriend brought to my attention were probably 5-10 miles away.
