{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-05-01 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485933","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73793","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/933/mufon-5485933.json","updb_database_id":5485933}
{cak} Blue/white light lit entire neighborhood, burn circle in back yard

I would guess this incident happened in the early 1980's in Clawson, Michigan. I was probably 6 or 7 years old. This occurred in the middle of the night (assuming between midnight and 3 am).

Although I never saw an object, I am curious as to other sightings that may have been reported at the time.

I was sleeping in my bedroom that I shared with one of my sisters. I woke up for an unknown reason. I looked across the room and saw my sister waking up as well. 

I realized that there was the most brilliant blue/white light coming through the bedroom window. Each of our beds were on either side of the window. We both stood up on our beds to get a good view of outside. 

I remember asking my sister where the light was coming from. She said she did not know. As I looked out the window, I remember thinking that this was the brightest light I had ever seen. The entire neighborhood was lit up. It was almost like it was broad daylight, but it was the middle of the night. I was very confused, and never saw the source of the light.

I have no memory of laying back down in bed. The next thing I remember is waking up in my bed the next morning.

A little while later, our dad yelled at us from the back yard to come outside. My sister and I went to the middle of the back yard where our dad was. He was pointing to the ground and yelling at us. He asked us if we had been playing with matches. 

I was baffled at what I saw: a circular burn mark in the grass. A perfect circle approximately 10 inches across. The width of the circle was about 1-2 inches. (it kind of looked like a donut) The grass inside the circle was not burned at all. The burnt part looked like it was matted down in a typical swirling, crop circle way.

We denied playing with matches to our dad. Then I mentioned the bright light that we had seen the night before. He did not believe us Needless to say, we got in trouble for playing with matches.
