{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-16 21:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464933","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/933/mufon-5464933.json","updb_database_id":5464933}
{cak} Green glowing ball.

Was camped in a canvas wall tent 15 miles west of midwest, Wyoming. I couldnt sleep and was sitting in my truck when i saw 2 large saucer shaped craft moving vertically in unison on the horizon. I then noticed a green glowing object about the size of a baseball, within 50 yards of me. There was something resembling a bag of about 2 feet in length below the ball, but i could never get a clear look at it. I watched this object which was moving within 40 to 400 yards of me for nearly 1 hour. I tried repeatedly to figure out what this object was doing, with no success. It would go from hovering to vibrating to moving very fast, seemingly at random and with no discernable purpose. I remember saying aloud to myself, "this cannot be real". As if it heard me or read my thought, it immediately moved east approx 400 yards, then returned to hover over me at approx 40 yards. This movement was so rapid it was a blur. I remember saying aloud "ok, you're not fake." It hovered there for a moment, and this was the only time during the encounter that i felt uneasy, or threatened. Shortly thereafter it returned to its random movements. I went to the tent and attempted to wake my hunting partner with no luck. I returned to my truck, and this is where my memory stops. I woke up in my sleeping bag the next morning. My hunting partner asked if I d tried to wake him saying something about lights? I told him it was nothing, just a meteor. At that point i was sure he wouldnt believe me. I have a feeling of losing time and memory. My eyes were irritated and red for 2 days afterward. My throat and mouth were extremely sore for 4 or 5 days, and my lower lip appeared burned, turning white, then peeling, with 5 small scabs on it. My ears also rang for several days. I have never had any previous ufo experiences and this episode has left me quite unnerved.
