{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-09-07 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463933","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96978","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2758,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/933/mufon-5463933.json","updb_database_id":5463933}
{cak} Message delivered from beings

This was a Monday afternoon and I had just walked about 1/4 mile from the bus stop to home. I entered our property at the southeast corner as I did everyday at that time. I was walking home with my Walkman playing. I stopped to get the mail and that's when I looked up for the first time towards my house. In the pasture between the mailbox and the house was a silver disk shaped craft. I could only see the side facing me so I don't know if it was completely round or not but it appeared to be. It was about 30 feet across in diameter and it was approximately 40-60 feet away from me. It was all silver and reflective. It didn't make a single sound or seem to move at all. It was sitting perfectly still. I knew immediately I was looking at a craft from some other place, a UFO, as it were. I always loved aircraft and we lived near Williams AFB at the time and I saw training flights daily and lots of other terrestrial craft. This was NOTHING like those or anything I have ever seen since. I did not believe what I was seeing and I was looking for strings or rope or something that would identify it as a weather balloon or something. I was a little scared but in an anxious kind of way not in a fear for my life kind of way. As I looked at it I saw I beam of light come out of the craft from near the top. The beam moved up my face and hit me in the eyes. The next thing I know I'm watching what seems to be a movie or something over and over and over again. My next recollection is on Wednesday the 9th at approximately 1:30 - 2:00 pm and I was then sitting in my math class. I was not missing or taken. I don't remember the prior time between the sighting and being in class in the physical world but I was here and at least going through the motions of my day as if programmed. The "film" I watched over and over, that has been left in my mind was very clear. I was supposed to tell people about what I saw in the film, and share that message to help prepare the world for their return. The message has recently restarted but changed slightly. The time frame is closing apparently and I wasn't given a choice in reporting this.
