{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505933","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52890","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4427,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/933/mufon-5505933.json","updb_database_id":5505933}
{nd} We went outside to see if we could see any more UFO activity, and saw 18+ craft in the sky. Camera froze from cold, computer had to be restored, and cell phone. Went out about 1/2 hour later

The four video clips uploaded: UFOs 12 15 2013, Numbers, 001,002,006, and 007 are unaltered, and were loaded into my computer. My significant other took the movies on a tripod we have ready to go, and a General Electric Camera with 14.1 megapixels. 001, is 1 second long, 002 is 5 seconds long, 006, is 26 seconds long, and 007 is one minute and 54 seconds long. All videos are the same object.

The fifth video clip uploaded titled Satellite 003.MOV, is 2 minutes and 26 seconds long, and we don't know if this is a Satellite or UFO.

On the 15th of December, we let our dogs out to go to the bathroom before bed. We wanted to see the object we photographed three days prior, which is titled Satellite 003.MOV. We named it that because we didn't know if the object that had suddenly showed up in our backyard sky for the last three weeks was a UFO or a Satellite. This took place on the 12th of December. The date and time was not set. I posted this on facebook to see what my friends thought. UFO or Satellite. It was posted on facebook on December 14, 2013. 

We looked up at the first object we were checking on, and there were eighteen or more UFOs dancing around the first object we took a movie of three days earlier. We ran in the house to get the tripod and camera, and my other half was trying to film them all, and couldnt because the weather was so cold that the camera wouldnt take pictures. We went into the house, and my other half warmed up the camera, I turned on the computer, so we could download the movies and/or photos when we were done. 

We went back outside, and there were still five objects circling the object. My other half found one object to focus on, as the others were too spread out to fit in the frame without panning, and most likely not get a good picture of anything. Four out of seven clips turned out. We went into the house to see what we had. It was very cold to stay out there too long.

My computer screen was black, and my computer was suddenly off. I had it hooked up to the television set, and saw a screen that said my computer was unable to boot, and had to try to do a repair and restore., So I pushed the button that it said to from the TV screen, and it repaired it. We downloaded the videos. 

Later that morning we were going into town, and my other halfs cell phone was in the same condition my computer was in. Not working, and a blank screen. We took it to radio shack, and it was rebooted some how. 

For the many UFOs to go forward, backward, up, down, and around as if dancing together we know what we saw, and filmed. Someone asked me if it could have been from the comet that recently went by. That is impossible as fragments from asteroids, or comet fragments do not make intelligent dance moves across the sky. 

I smiled, and thought to myself Wow!, post something on facebook like that, and suddenly we have lots of visitors. My other half feels wonderful about it, as he has had several intense up close sightings in the past, and now he has validation that those events happened. I also have validation. 

ITS REAL!!!!!
