{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468933","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2666,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/933/mufon-5468933.json","updb_database_id":5468933}
{rjl} It's written everywehere about who I am. Th first Atom and the last your creator

I don't care anymore I am who I am and I like myself just fine. If humanity wants to know the truth those watchers are Gods creation just like this rock that was meant to feed all. I have a photo of mother natures entity. It never dawned on anyone that part of this trinity is this rock that is so clearly written about in all walks of life. This rock that God created to feed all not just a few. I am that entity that creation just like the rest of humanity, we are all Gods inside us or we would not work with this earthly energy that gives every human being life. U might want to think about Mt. Si and Mt. Sinai and that Justice is a woman this time. All the blanket laws and the ones creating it that think they are free of sin poisoning my rock, Gods flock which was here first. That's right our nine lives are up and just like everyone is waiting for it is a mother, her name is justice and freedom which stands on that capital in Washington. I am back for Gods flock. The atom from beginning to end is inside a woman. Me, and I like myself just fine. Not my problem big brother wiped away humanities civil rights to feed a machine. This mother is and wears that tree of life because we have no justice or freedom for anyone anymore. The new JC is me. Take it or leave it. I don't give a flying flock no more. If you think JC and his family aren't back for justice or are just a bunch of doormats like this system likes to use the word humility to keep control of the human race think again. I'm back. Your entity that serpent sits in this Washington. The first Washington and the human race shouldn't of assumed nothing. I'm angry about my flock and my rock so lets Jew down on this Babylon whore. We will see how well that works for you. No more good excuses for bad behavior. Why would your maker not be a peaceful being that children comes in all colors shapes and sizes and no humanity does not get to choose the sin either. I hold the keys to heavens gates and no one else.
