{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-23 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456933","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104648","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/933/mufon-5456933.json","updb_database_id":5456933}
{rjl} Straight line travel by 50-60 Bright Sattelite-like objects just before dawn

While out smoking a cigarette at 6:00 AM on November 23, 2019, I was looking for satellites and looked up see my favorite constellation Orion. From my vantage point looking to the Southwest I observed several Satellite-looking objects travelling in a STRAIGHT LINE from SW to NE. All were moving at the same pace and did not speed up or slow down.. Spacing varied but new ones appeared from 5-10 seconds apart I observed for at least 1 minute and counted appx 30 of these lights before I ran into my house to wake my wife. It took about 30 seconds to wake her and return outside. The phenomenon continued for approximately 5 more minutes. I believe the light observed was more likely a reflected light from the soon to rise sun than them creating their own light. Although some appeared slightly brighter than others that may have been due to variations in size. They were definitely too far away for any details to be seen but I noticed a higher than normal amount of other satellites traveling in other directions from this "Caravan". There were also a couple of meteorite-like trails that from our vantage came from below the line of travel. There was no 'flashing' as these lights appeared they just came into visual range the same intensity that they disappeared after travelling to the NE. All appeared from the same point and disappeared at the same point. Origin point from our vantage was just to the right of Orions belt and the disappear point was directly below the Big Dipper by about a handspan, I tried to take video with my cell phone but the convenience store next door puts off a large amount of light so I may not have captured anything.
