{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-01-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548933","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/933/mufon-5548933.json","updb_database_id":5548933}
UFO Encounter in Del Rio

Friends,
The exact time I cannot remember. I was nine years old at the time. All I know is that it was in the fall/winter of '89. My mother, my two year old brother and I were returning home from my brother's god-parents house on 14th street. We lived at that time in Caballo street. Caballo used to be the last street in that sub-division, with only a about 15 homes built. Our home was right in front off where the empty lots started. Just to give you a mental picture of the location. Picture this:
From Mary Lou drive turn right onto Caballo.(Like I said before Caballo was the last street. Windlake Loop did not exist nor did Alambre Dr. these streets were barren lots.) Our home about the 7th one on the right side of the street. In front of the house there were no homes yet, just barren land as far as the eye could see. As we approached the house my mother, about to pull the Cadillac into the garage, asks me if I was seeing what she was seeing. To the left of us(in front of the house)over the empty lots and about 50 feet up and maybe 100 yards away from us is some kind of craft. All we could see were two illuminated squares that appeared to be windows, and red lights next to them. JUST HOVERING! Our first reaction was to think, Border Patrol Helicopter. My mom rolled down the window, NO SOUND! My mom turned to look at me with disbelief. We turned our attention back to the craft and it seemed to turn over on its belly. Like flipping a tortilla over you know? We opened the doors and stepped outside to see if we could hear a noise. Nothing. All of a sudden the craft started to move slowly to the left of us(back to the direction of Mary Lou Dr.) We got into the car and turned it around to follow it side by side. The craft was now about 50 yards behind the houses. When we, the craft and us, got to the end of Caballo St. The craft flew over to what is now Windlake Loop and seemed to land. We slowly drove along Mary Lou Dr. to see if we could see and or hear anything. After a couple of minutes my mom said "ok, this is strange. Its gone, lets go home and we'll tell your father tomorrow." We got home, my mom pulled the car into the driveway. We got out to open the garage. We did not have and electric door. It was manual. As soon as we got out of the car. My mom screams, "Look its back!" She a was pointing towards the start of the block. The craft all of a sudden shines a bright white light on us. The front of the house seemed like it was day light. We just stood there mesmerized just looking into the light just thinking why is there no sound on this damn thing. After what seemed a couple minutes, it turned off the light. In a blink of an eye it jetted upward and disappeared. We stood there, my mom had here jaw at the floor. "Did you see that?" Of course! When we went to bed I kept imagining an alien peeking in through the windows. Needless to say I slept in my parents bed that night.
Over the course of the next few days, my father a doctor, returned from the hospital with a weird contraption. It was a little yellow box with a handle and a little sliver prod connected by a cord. The yellow box had a gauge. My dad said it was a radiation detector. A friend that worked at the hospital lent it to him. We went to were we thought it had landed. Nothing, no radiation. I was upset because I know we had seen something a few days back. After all these years I still don't know what the hell that was and I want answers. I have never done drugs, physically fit, good mental health. You see it does not end there with my family. After this happened my parents told me a story that years before I was born. They too had seen something that seemed to be flying next to them as they traveled down the dark highway. Fast forward to early 90's and once again my mom and myself saw weird craft where we live in Pepper Lane. 
Thank you for taking the time to read this. If anyone in the Del Rio area has seen something similar please let me know.

Sincerley,
A friend
