{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-10 12:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283933","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119498","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/933/mufon-5283933.json","updb_database_id":5283933}
I went to the mailbox and saw two spherical objects above me

My memory has been coming back slowly. Seems like every month I remember a little more of what happened to me that day.
I still have problems remembering the exact date and time, but I think it was around August. My family and friends tell me that is when I first started talking about it.
I went to the mailbox around noon to retrieve my mail.
I turned around to go back to the car and that is when I felt it.
I didn’t hear or see them at first, I felt them.
The feeling was like a vibration of energy going through my body. It was weird, like I could feel my internal organs vibrating.
I turned around expecting to see something behind me. And that is when I noticed movement above my head.
There were two of them, both spherical in shape hovering above the tree’s and occasionally touching the tree tops. They both were within feet of the power lines. 
There is a highway (I-675) that runs north/south in back of my apartment complex.
Across the highway from me are office buildings that house the offices of the engineers who work at Wright-Patterson and across from that is Wright Patterson Air force base.
My apartment is surrounded by businesses. I live within walking distance to Fairfield Mall, Sam’s Club, Wal-Mart, Wright State and restaurants and bars.
Yet no one was talking about this.
It was broad daylight with big puffy white clouds and no one saw these things.
I stood there taking it all in….I was an aircraft mechanic in the military. I worked on fixed wing in the Navy (stationed aboard U.S.S. Ranger CV-61) and Blackhawk helicopters in the Army. I have enough aviation experience to say I know what should and shouldn’t be flying.
The black sphere was painted an impossible black color. Even in broad daylight no light reflection was seen. It was hovering above the second bouncing left and right over top of the second sphere.
I could hardly see anything worth talking about but the second sphere is where I got to see the most and that’s not much.
The second sphere was a polished aluminum or stainless steel. There were no markings of any kind….no U.S. Air force, NASA, or aviation related aircraft companies.
No cockpit, lights, flight control surfaces, intake or exhaust openings. No pitot tubes, appendages or landing gear.
There was no sound or noise associated with power of flight.
I did notice cloud vaper around them both
And…. I notice rivets !!!
Every aircraft I have ever touched regardless of fixed wing or rotors were built using rivets.
And this is where things start to get weird. I felt that the polished aluminum sphere was in trouble and the black sphere was sent to retrieve it .
Part of a test pilot’s job is to help mechanics or engineering to fix a problem. 
Before an aircraft is painted and put on the flight line test pilots fly it to see if all is good and this one was not.
I just happened to be where I was to see it.
I think the black craft towed or helped jumpstart the other.
I remember screaming !!!! I don’t know if I did this out loud, but there was a huge power surge that went through me and then everything goes blank.
I drove my car to the mailbox but I don’t remember driving back home. I don’t remember putting the car in the garage or coming up the stairs to my apartment. I don’t remember seeing them take off. Although I think that is why I am having so much difficulty in remembering things.
I think that once they fixed there problem they took off at full military power and I was standing in their jet blast.
I am positive that they knew I was there.
And for the past few months since my memory has been returning. All I can think about is kicking the pilots ass’s that did this to me.
There has to be someone held accountable for all this.
What happened to me, am I alright, am I going to suffer more medical issues because of my encounter. 
Hell…I don’t even know why I am contacting you guys. You won’t get back with me an I will not get any help.
But…just in case I told some people at the V.A. Hospital.
If nothing else I got a chance to vent…….
