{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-11 23:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5332,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5484137.json","updb_database_id":5484137}
{nd} While driving over a bridge, a HUGE flying saucer glowed bright green and then slid INTO A BLACK PORTAL DOOR while I watched!

EXACT LOCATION of sighting:
N37 degrees 46.1991W122degrees10.448 - exact coordinates of UFO location.

I have seen several UFOs over the past 20 years, but most of those (except one) were smaller lighted objects at a great distance away. The sighting I am reporting in this report is a game-changer for me! It was the diameter of at least 100 yard across! 

I was driving my minivan across the San Mateo bridge heading east on the night of April 11, 2015. Time was 11:55 PM. The bridge traffic was completely stopped due to only a single lane of traffic being directed through heavy construction with jack hammers making repairs on middle lanes. This was at the highest arch point of the bridge. It took me about 40 minutes to drive about 1 mile to finally clear all the construction crews and bright work lights. I had a single male passenger, about 35 years old in the back of my van who was from Ukraine and he did not speak English. We could not communicate with a single word that he understood. He had his head buried in his texting while I was driving.

As soon as the traffic bottle neck cleared, I tromped on the accelerator and started speeding on the downhill side of the bridge, about 3 miles from the East shore of Hayward. I had just picked up speed to about 70 miles an hour when the interior of my entire van was blasted with a nearly blinding green light! It came directly from the ride side of my van. My first impulse was to get mad at the work crews for using more lights that made driving unsafe. But in the split second that this light hit, I had to hit the brakes and hope no one was close behind me. Then, I looked out my window into the black void of the night sky (above the San Francisco Bay) and that's when I saw the UFO saucer traveling parallel with me at the same exact speed. It was GIGANTIC and it had tilted it's bottom side towards me where I could see an incredible amount of detail. It was moving East along with me for about another 4 seconds, and then it slipped into a hard edge of a black slot in the night sky where it completely disappeared!
It did not dissolve, nor get misty and fade away. It looked exactly like it slipped into a time portal SLOT that had a vertical hard edge. 

When this was happening, I yelled out loud to my passenger in the back, (WOW! Look at this!). But after the glowing green space craft was gone, I turned around and looked at my passenger and tried to ask him if he saw the UFO. He couldn't figure out what I was saying. I had to wait until the next morning to call his girlfriend to tell her what had happened. But he never saw a thing since he was busy texting at the time. 

This experience was so amazing that it actually made me feel great that I had just witnessed a very REAL UFO, but with more detail than I have ever heard anyone describe before. I was excited, but scared at the same time.
I am a former abductee on two occasions, and my first thoughts were that maybe I would be getting another visit in the near future. I tried telling people that I know and trust, but they all looked at me like I was nuts.
So, I have kept this a secret for the entire past year. About 3 months after this encounter, I entered a key word search on the internet for "green UFO San Francisco Bay April 11, 2015". I found a hit from another website that originates out of Florida. There was a report entered by another resident from Union City (near Hayward) who had seen a large green UFO on that same day, but early in the morning as he drove to work. It was located above the SF Bay, EXACTLY WHERE I SAW IT late that same night! I am an artist and I immediately made a Photoshop drawing of exactly what I witnessed - including all the minute details. (Note: I am a 65 year-old homicide detective and I am trained to soak in a lot of details and info in a short span of time. Over the years I have developed a skill at taking a "snapshot photo" of actual events that include many details. The photo composite I have created is an identical facsimile of exactly what I saw. I have been inspired to finally report this sighting after one full year because April 11th is coming up in just 4 days and I plan on camping out along the shore of the San Francisco Bay where I will set up video and digital cameras in the longshot chance that history might repeat exactly one year later!
