{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-08 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39361","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5518137.json","updb_database_id":5518137}
Dark red circle appears, suddenly changing shape, flashing light, no sound

A UFO appeared, and was changing right before my eye1s. I had been outside looking at the stars. The sky was dark , clear of clouds, and the moon hadn1t risen yet .I came back into the house and sat in the recliner to watch television . I am looking at the TV right next to the full sliding screen door to the open porch 
directly in front of me. The view of the sky from where I am setting is jet black. 

Suddenly a red circle appeared. It was large not small like a star . I1ve never seen anything like this in the sky. The color was like a dark red ripe strawberry. As I ran out onto the porch it changed right in front of my eye1s. There was a orange red deep crescent thicker in the middle and tapering at each upward point . There were two perfect circles watermelon colored above each point of the crescent. It was moving in a vertical position horizontally across the sky. The size of the circles were like the size of a pencil eraser compared to a star ,and the depth of the crescent was at least three times as long as the circle1s size. Next there appears a frame of light yellow gold in the shape of an elliptical with the circles midway of the yellow gold frame there appears to be cup like indentations on right and left top, outlined by the yellow gold frame. The frame appears to be equal in height above the circles as the orange red crescent is below. The size is now much larger now. There is nothing visible in the center. 

The object is slowly moving behind the treetops , the tree is approximately 40-50 feet tall. I can see light Through the trees. The glimpses I can see it seems to have changed position . I can see it more horizontal to the ground with white in the center. At this point it definitely looks like a craft. It1s gone behind a taller tree and all I can see is light coming through the tree for a couple of seconds. Then I see it again this time clearer. I see two bright white large rounded cylinder shaped protrusions in the center with a deep red circle on either side. It is tilting toward me as it passes from behind the tree. It seems extremely close like two hundred feet or less , and its large. Now it suddenly turned and I see four white rounded cylinder shapes sticking up from one side giving it a somewhat shape of a crown or tiara. At this point I realize that this object is not making a sound !!!

I turned and ran as fast as I could into the house to get a camera and ran out the back door to the front yard , but by the time I got out there it was gone. I so much wish I would have just stayed there watching . At least I saw what I saw and it was the most spectacular thing I1ve ever seen in the sky.

This all took place 30 seconds or less , with the object only being clearly visible for 5-10 seconds. The object first appeared in the southern sky moving in a northeastern direction. It was visible to me in the area of the old Beloit Hospital off Olympian Blvd. Beloit ,Wisconsin. 10:45 pm Friday June 8-2012TT
