{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-22 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5549137.json","updb_database_id":5549137}
Helicopter Nose to Nose with UFO - Stationary Then Leaving in Tandem

At approximately 9:30 PM LA time on December 22nd, 2006, I was driving home from work up the 5 North towards the 134 interchange and to my left/west I saw a very odd sight. The best I could make out was a helicopter with flashing lights/strobes and then what appeared to be another flying vehicle in front of it, possibly nose to nose. Please keep in mind that it was dark and I was at a distance of about a 1/4 mile, so I really couldn't make out any real shape of either vehicle. The lights on the helicopter were as you would image, but the UFO had three constant lights in a triangular formation. After nearly getting hit in traffic because I looking more at the lights than the road, I pulled into the breakdown lane. From this vantage point I sat for approximately 2 minutes nearly across from them and watched the vehicles in their stationary position. I'm new to the area, but I'm guessing these crafts were on the east side of where the Griffith Observatory would be - 1/4 mile west of the 5, past the Colorado exit.

While observing from the side of the road, the crafts appeared to be nose to nose, I couldn't hear any noise over the traffic sounds, and I'd guess they were in very close proximity, 20 feet or so. These crafts sat stationary for a minute or so while I was parked and I didn't notice any movement between them for most of that time and then I began to see that there was a little more distance and shifting in positioning for about 20 seconds as they began to move north slightly - the distance shifting would have been something like under 20 feet. At no time did I visually notice the UFO below, above or appearing to being suspended beneath the helicopter.  

As the crafts continued to move faster to the northwest, they appeared to still be nose to nose and once they passed the 134/5 split they picked up a substanial amount of speed going to the northwest (helicopter fast). My first thoughts about the helicopter and UFO was that it was nighttime filming and that the UFO was actually a filming platform, but if that was so, I would have thought it would have been suspended and by regulation should have had strobes on it. Furthermore, when I've seen filming by helicopters in the past (about 10 times while living in the Glendale area), there are usually 3 helicopters involved and keeping a formation. Last night I scanned the skies while the crafts were stationary and as they flew away, and didn't see any other crafts in the immediate vicinity. I did attempt a cellphone photo while I was across from it and it was stationary, but all I got was a black photo, no image appeared due to the distance. 

I've had 2 or 3 other UFO sightings in the past 30 years of my life and will try to document them as soon as I can. These other sightings occured mainly in Great Barrington, Massachusetts, the Berkshires of Western MA.
