{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-07 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47239","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2254,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5511137.json","updb_database_id":5511137}
ufo object flew over my head at almost light speed

I was walking east to my parents house with my dog. From 12 Oak Post Pl to 15 gatehouse pde (see google maps) I was on Broad Oak Drv just about at the corner in front of the park. I was actually kind of already looking up because the sky was clear and the stars looked great. I was then startled when this light orb object appeared right above my head and moved fast directly east.

It kind of twirled a little like a bird would or changed direction ever so slightly, coming down and then to the right and then back on course again. This thing was going as fast as ive ever seen anything go and in reality I only saw it for maybe 2-3 seconds before it vanished.

I thought it was maybe something someone threw or a bird or something but no on was outside with me, it was late and I have never seen anything go this fast.

The object was pretty close to me actually but I cant say how far for sure. It made no noise that I can remember or recall.

I also thought it may have been a meteor or shooting star because I know we passed through some of haleys comets rocks yesterday but Ive seen a few shooting stars in my time and this was not the same and ive also seen a meteor enter our atmosphere and it was very loud and very obviously a meteorite with lots of smoke, ash and colors.

About 3 minutes later as I neared my parents house, my eye glued to the sky I saw a plane coming my way from the east so I sat and watched it. 

In a way I think I was comparing the two. This thing was about 100x faster than the plane.

I had not been drinking at the time nor had I smoked anything or taken any drugs.
