{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-07-01 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55822","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5503137.json","updb_database_id":5503137}
{kt}Triangular craft witnessed and unsettling experiences by muliple family members

This occurred more than thirty years ago, but a Hanger 1 episode that I watched was similar enough to inspire me to send this.

 At the time this occurred I and my family lived in a very old farm house (built pre-civil war)directly across from Huron County Landfill. The house did not have air conditioning, and I had screens in the bedroom windows.  
 My wife at that time (ex-wife now)worked at a fast food place that had late night drive through and she was not home when I experienced the UFO. I have two sons who have been 3 years old and nearly 5 years old at that time. We had a dog at that time, Ruffy, kind of a black lab mix mutt, that was not confined. 
 The bedroom I was asleep in was on the first floor. I was awakened by Ruffy persistently growling outside close to the bedroom window. Eventually, I got up and went outside to see what the heck she was growling at. We lived on the north side of Townline 131, and the landfill was directly across from us on the south side of the road.
 The house only had 1 door, and that was near the back of the house, so when I went outside I would be approaching Ruffy's position from behind her. I remember walking up to her and quietly saying something like "What you growling at girl?" I remember getting a tail wag as an acknowledgement, but her focus was still toward the landfill. At this point, we were at the southeast corner of the house.
 I walked on out into the front yard, but Ruffy would not come with me. She remained at the southeast corner of the house. I stared into the landfill for a while, but I didn't hear or see a thing (I can't remember if it was a moonless night, or overcast, but it was pretty dark). I finally decided she must be growling at a deer or something and turned to go back into the house. It was at that point that I heard the roar.
 I turned back toward the landfill and there right in front of me was an object. It was dark enough that I could not make out an actual shape, but there were three distinct lights.
 The property (I still own it) has a frontage of about 150 feet. The two red lights were somewhat farther apart then that, with the white light centered between the red ones but about 50 feet or so higher in the air.
 I would estimate the red lights to be about 80 feet off the ground...just above treetop level. I was probably no more then 300 feet away.
 The roar did not continue, and the object just moved away south until I could no longer see it.
 That was all that I saw and experienced. We used to have military planes out of...Perrysburg, I think...that would fly over the area from time to time, and I think I might have chalked up what I saw to one of those if it wasn't for subsequent events.
 The next night, my ex-wife was again working the late shift. When she arrived home the object was hovering over the area between where our house is and where the landfill office/weigh scale is located. To my knowledge, to this day she won't talk about it. My youngest son (now 34) said he asked her about it once and she just said "I don't want to talk about it".
 The same week, maybe two day later, the youngest son (about 3 and a half years old at the time) was talking about a face looking in their bedroom window. I remember logging it in my mind at the time because of when he mentioned it, and the closeness in time to my and my ex-wife's ufo experiences. 
 And now there is more to add. Yesterday (4/26/2014) my youngest son and I were driving to the Columbus airport to pick up his older brother who was returning from Japan, and I brought up the Hanger 1 series and how something I saw on it was eerily similar to what I had experienced, and I wondered if he remembered...
 At that point he interrupted me and said "The face in the window! I sure do, it's as clear in my mind as if it was yesterday." He then went on to describe what he saw. He said it was brown and looked like a mummy face...like a mummy looks like when you remove the coverings.
 As we drove and talked, we both wondered if Wayne (his older brother) had ever experienced anything. After we picked him up at the airport and were on our way back, we related to him what we had been discussing.
 Wayne too had had an 'event' that was clear in his mind. He said that he just thought it was a very vivid dream...but he swears there was a time that he thought there was something in their room (an apelike creature), and that it took Craig and went out the window then jumped over the landfill fence.
 Again...maybe just a dream, but I have one more thing to add. When the kids were young they were notorious for not going to sleep when they were supposed to. They were supposed to be in bed one night, and I was still awake downstairs when I heard footsteps upstairs. I remember thinking to myself "Are those dang kids still up?". So I quietly went up the stairs so I could catch them and give them heck. When I got upstairs they were sound asleep in their beds. My grandmother said it was probably squirrels, but darn it, I know what squirrels sound like when they are in a house and what I heard was. not. squirrels. I also cannot recall when this occurred in relation to the other events that I've put down. I don't know if it was before or after. I don't think it was too close to the same time because I didn't associate it with the UFO, and it was only Wayne telling me about his "vivid memory" that made me wonder.

 That's pretty much it. I don't think there is much of anything to investigate. The house burned down some years back, and I rent the property out now to a guy who has a trailer on it. The landfill is still there, but operates as a transfer station now.

 I see the next question on this form is number of witnesses. I am going to just put 1, because I was by myself when I experienced it. But did it subsequently become 2 or 3 or 4? I don't know and I probably never will.
