{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-18 22:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78895","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2713,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5481137.json","updb_database_id":5481137}
I saw a bright white light shoot up from behind a mountain across a lake. It hovered for 3 secs then shot straight back down. My father saw the exact same thing 3 mins later but the light was orange and 500 meters farther north.

Was camping at Whiskers Point campground @ McLeod Lake BC with my daughter and my parents. Wife was at home as she had to work the next day and wasn't out with us that night. We were sitting around the campfire. I was facing west, my daughter south and my parents north. I suddenly saw a super bright white light/orb (like a new cars bright halogen headlight) shoot straight up from behind the mountain across the lake. The size was comparable to a halogen head light from about 1/2 km away. It was approximately 1.5 miles away. It did not raise above the mountain, it was in a valley between 2 high points of the mountain. It sat there for about 2/3 secs then shot straight back down again. I yelled "Did you guys just see that?!" Neither my parents nor my daughter saw it. I explained to them what I had just seen and joked about how they probably think I'm crazy. Then approximately 3 mins later my Dad says loudly, "Jer did you see that?!" I asked what he saw and he said it was about 500 meters north of where I saw my light but his was orange and it did exactly what mine did. I asked him if he was just saying that to make me feel better. He said "Absolutely not, I just saw the same thing you did but it was orange." We both agreed it was not a meteor, star, plane, helicopter or anything we'd recognize as being anything we could explain. Then the next night at approximately 2300hrs we were again sitting around the fire with the same people plus my wife this time, when my Mom said "Did you guys just see that?" Nobody did. She claimed that a bright white light which was directly above the lake but south of us flashed brilliantly and then that was it. I asked her if it moved in any direction or had a tail or what its actions were. She said it was just a bright ball shape that flashed once and was gone. It was not ball lightning or anything we/I could explain.
