{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-01 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52678","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3907,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5506137.json","updb_database_id":5506137}
{dr}Ufo Flying Object Shot upon by giant laser from space white energy cannon

This will be the first time Ive told my story to the world, for Im not sure what to make of this event that took place in the night sky above my apartment had to be seen by more than just my eyes. 

I decided to take my usual spot on the apt balcony the night of the occurrence, this was standard Friday night time for which I caught up on smoking cigarettes, contemplating the universe. There was another that was on the balcony at this time but I will not state who, for I feel once I describe what really took place that night that they would be in danger... 

Looking north east towards kansas city, I saw this small orange object floating across the night sky. This wasnt alarming by any way, for I have seen these orange balls of light only to see them up close eventually and discredit them as planes, helicopters, ect. 

The person who was with me that night is very close to me and I know that they would have instantly yelled Plane or what have you before I could open my mouth to blame it on a UFO. This time was different, the moment we both looked up into the sky the object stopped moving. This was unusual because planes cant stop in mid air..... 

The person with me rushed into the house to get his/her glasses off the table.My eyes did not leave this object for fear I would miss something. 
the object stayed floating in the sky in the same spot for the next three to four seconds after he/she walked into the house. 

Before my very own eyes a light started to glow... but not from our atmosphere, this light was coming from space... small white ball of light started to flicker slowly only to grow into a bigger ball all in a matter of seconds. At this point in time i started to scream for he/she to come back outside something was happening. Before the acquaintance could make it outside the ball of light that was flickering in the vastness of our atmosphere turned into a giant beam of light, shooting down directly at the UFO that was floating there. This shut me up in awe. Still alone to my amazement that nobody else was here to see this monumental event. 

The "Laser" came crashing through down through the clouds making no noise at all. (A silent white beam) This energy blast nearly misses the UFO by maybe 100 yards. (given the elevation of the object). My acquaintance then came back outside only to see the orange ball simply vanish before both of us. When I tried to retain the swearing I was blabbing on about, it was gone... I was the only one to see this... 

So what I know now.... There is something going on that we will never understand. This light came from space.. what are we building? Why did we need to shoot at that particular one? was it a alien that shot this, or some kind of US military cannon for the protection of certain areas. Populated areas. 

I cant explain what I saw.... 

But I can tell you, this is 100% absolutely true. 

Has anyone... ever seen anything like this before. 
If so ... Please contact me. 
we are so far from the truth it kills me. 
How are we supposed to evolve as Humans if we cannot obtain knowledge of our potential, Its almost as if... They never wanted us too from the beginning.

Thanks for reading. 
[Name removed/cms/tg]
