{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2675,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5527137.json","updb_database_id":5527137}
Three Lights over Batavia

Saw three lights in sky with wife and grandson. The video at *(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section -- CMS/sg) is the same view we had, which leads me to think about what we saw as well. Our photo was hasty and poor, as the camera couldnt photograph the sky and the lights at wide angle. The closeup was blurred.
Our view, compared to the video, was much closer and wider (if they were a single object), with about 45 degrees azimuth. The right light was almost to the south, perhaps south-southeast as seen in relation to the planet (I believe Jupiter) in the photo. The leftmost light was more to the south east, seeming directly east of the right from my view. The apex of the isoceles triangle it made was about 45 deg or so in elevation and between the two, but higher inclination. We saw the lights through the leaf bare trees mostly. 

These lights never moved, either in relation to each other, nor in relation to the tree branches we were looking through. They looked liked planes in sky, but never moving and without noise. It was too large across the sky for a blimp, and again, no propeller noise. Helicopters in wide formation didn't make sense either, and why would the lights fade out? We looked for solid material between the lights and could see none. The stars were not bright enough to pass through the sky, which was a couple hours past sunset. The sky seemed clear, but must have been a bit hazy as I don't recall stars that night, although Jupiter was bright.

The lights faded out almost simultaneously after about 10 or 15 minutes. I tend to think they were synchronous satellites in the sky reflecting sunlight of the sun that set to my view a few hours ago, and blinking out as the west setting sun passed the horizon of the satellites.  Given the time posted, my location on my patio on the west bank of the Fox River in Batavia, and the relative location of the undetermined planet, I bet that theory could be confirmed or not.
