{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-25 06:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62233","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7012,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5497137.json","updb_database_id":5497137}
{dr}observed for a while, motioned to it 2 different times and it moved towards me.

There was three different sightings one night and one more the next night. Started off when I was at work.  Went to get something from a building and noticed a bright light low to the ground and twinkling. I observed it for about 6 minutes just watching it's lights grow very bright and dim to almost nothing. While watching the lights I could see it reflect off the clouds above it with a red light blinking in a while. I thought that was odd to see it reflect off the clouds. Well I did what I had to do in the building and proceeded back to my building to make something. When I finished about 25 minutes later, I went to throw the boxes away in the dumpster. I headed in a east direction and still seen the lights hovering in the same area. I watched it again for a few minutes and was talking to it out loud and I made a hand eye gesture to let it know that I see it there. Right after I did that the light moved towards me. I got a little nervous and moved behind the trash bin. Well the object still was approaching, and it didn't take it long to get near me, as it started getting to where it was going to pass me overhead I moved closer to the building and looked up towards it. I seen the bottom side of it had a single light on the back side about 8 to 10 feet apart it seemed. As it passed over head I kept thinking to look for the edge of it a shape, but I couldn't really tell. I remember the lights very well. It had 2 lights total on opposite ends and the lights and bottom of the object were completely flat and kind of a glassy slivery pearl color surrounding the lights and bottom side. The lights were not hurting my eyes when I looked at them and they had like metal deflector inside each like that reminded me of a apple cutter, that cuts in 8 slices from a whole apple. The lights were clear with a very light blue hue to them. Stationed in between the 2 lights just forward a little was a reddish brown amber looking circle that was flat as well. This did not light up as it passed by and I didn't notice it from a distance either. The light that I seen coming towards me must have been on the top side of the object because I did not see it after it was above my head. I was amazed that it cleared the top of the building I was by. A 5 story height without making any adjustments from the time it headed towards me. All this happened I guess within 2 minutes time if that long. Well after I didn't see it anymore I went inside and didn't say anything to my co workers. I kept thinking to myself was that real, is it motion sensored, what is it? Well I stayed inside the building working and pondering on what had happened but still did not tell anyone. When I had to take a sample to the lab about 8 hours later, (9 pm roughly after this happened) I headed towards the lab facing in the westward direction, I could see the object in the field area. I stopped my cart and sat there looking at it again and talking out loud to myself. I went in the lab and delivered my sample came outside and it was still there. So I sat and observed it for a few minutes and motioned with my hands pointing at it that I still see u like earlier. After I did that it started moving towards me again from the west on to a east postion. Well this really scared me and I took off in my cart and went back to my building and this time I told my coworker. She said that maybe it was a drone. I told her at least 10 feet wide? The public can only get like 17 inches wide. I talked to her for about 15 minutes and decided to go to the south door and see if I could see it still and there it was. So I called my coworker over who called her husband over and all three of us observed the flickering light just hovering about I guess less than 1000 feet from the ground. Well now it's time to go home at 630 a.m. and I'm in my truck heading home and I believe it's the same object that I was observing as when I got to my house. So I hurried up and got my camera with a 600 mm lens and started snapping pictures. My son in law came out briefly and seen the light i was snapping pictures of.I took about 10 pictures and a short video although I didn't have it stationary so the light bounced around alot. Went inside to go to bed and get ready for work when I wake up. So now it's dec 25 at night and I'm off to work about 530 pm. I sit in my truck facing north in the parking lot and I notice a light again further away than yesterday night but was still in the east direction and heading towards the fairy crossing in galveston. I went inside and kept thinking is this aliens, a spy drone, a military drone and does my work know anything about this. I didn't see it anymore after that but I did get some good pictures. I have a video but its on my computer not on my phone I am doing this information on. That's it. Just want to know is it alien?  It must not had intentions of hurting me cause it did interact by my motions and it came from me pointing at it. Also on the bottom side of this object I did not see any landing gear. The surface seemed very glossy and smooth underneath with nothing breaking the line of the smoothness. (The plane) completely flat like a counter top. Please respond back to me.
