{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-13 14:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290137","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113212","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6148,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/137/mufon-5290137.json","updb_database_id":5290137}
Four objects spotted over Nassau Bahamas

Event occurred on December 13, 2020, in Nassau, Bahamas between 2:15pm and 2:45pm.
I was outside in the back yard hanging clothes on the line to dry. Was doing that for a few minutes. For no apparent reason I decided to look up. When I did I just happened to see a silver looking circle passing over and between the neighbors large avocado tree and my house's roof from North to South. The visual space between the avocado tree and the roof is about two and a half arm lengths. It was moving at a moderate speed. Long enough for me to question what I was looking at. My initial thought was a plane but airplanes fly by all the time and you can always hear them in my area. this made absolutely no sound and did not have and airplane shape. My second thought was maybe it was a drone. But then I still began to question the shape.
Now.
As the object was about to leave my field of sight by heading south over the roof, I was still very much curious as to what it was. So IN MY HEAD I said "stop.........stop please".
And sure enough it stopped moving from north to south and stayed still. IT NO LONGER MOVED AND WAS STILL VERY MUCH VISIBLE. At first I just assumed it was a coincidence that stopped.
About 5 seconds went by as I was still staring at it in it's stationary position. And once again IN MY HEAD I said "come back please".
And that's when the object slowly began to reverse it's initial direction. No longer traveling from North to South, but from South to North.
It stopped almost in the center of my line of sight between the almond tree and the roof.
I'm still staring. I noticed the object was more of an oval than a round circle. It had something around it but it was barely visible. It looked like the heat wave you would see rising from your car's engine after a long drive or the waves on a hot road surrounding the objects body.
As I'm looking up, just staring, It's still stationary, I wave with my right hand. Then it continued slowly heading north and was now being blocked by the avocado tree.
I moved and went west of the yard to see if I can still catch a glimpse of it. But I couldn't find it.
My daughter at that moment came outside and asked me to fix her something to eat. so I went inside. 
About 10 - 15 minutes later I went back outside with my cellphone looking for what I saw. I went back to the same area in the back yard but I did not see it. I went further west of the yard to look north of the avocado tree but still did not see it. Then I went east of the yard and searched. I still did not see the oval object. However I saw something else which I have never seen before. It appeared to be very small and was flowing in continues movement never stopping. Not in straight lines but it's movements were like it was scanning in the same general area. It was smaller much smaller than the first object I saw in the backyard. I presume it was silver or just a light that seem to flash on and off. But the flashes were more like disappearances. Like it went in and out of existence. After about a minute of trying to focus and keep up with its location, another one appeared. Same size, same distance doing the same flashing or disappearing. I was dumbfounded. Then I had a thought. "Are these things friendly?"
After that thought, almost in the same area as the two blinking objects, there was a cloud that looked as if someone had taken a giant heart shaped cookie cutter, stamped a heart, and pealed the center out of the cloud. The cloud was not shaped like a heart, the space in the cloud was shaped like a heart. At the time I just brushed that off.
So a few minutes went by and with my eyes I followed the the two objects slowly gliding to the west. So then I remembered I had my phone and tried to record what I was seeing. It was a bit hard to keep track of them because they weren't always visible. Not because of cloud cover but because they appeared as if they were there and then they were not. At one point I lost track of them and stopped recording. When I spotted them again, another object showed up. But this one was bronze or maybe gold in color. Same size as the others. Same type of movements. No sound.
I tried to capture the third object on video but by the time I started recording again I could no longer see any of the objects.
I didn't really think of the event as such a big deal at the time. However, two days and 3 nights after the event I've described to you I began to feel a great amount of anxiety which has never happened to me before. I began to think about the fact that whatever it was I saw, it not only heard my thoughts but responded to them. I became afraid laying in my bed at night. 
As far as I was concerned I couldn't tell anyone about it. I thought the video was not the best and who would believe me? Some years ago I was witness to something in the sky, very late at night when I was stationed on one of our ships. I told some of my fellow marines about it and they just laughed at me. 
So.....

The photo I'm uploading is just showing the area where I saw the first larger object that responded to my thoughts.
The video shows the other two smaller objects.
Also in the video I've noticed more than just the two blinking objects I've described. I did not see the others at the time I recorded.
