{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-08 12:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525031","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30769","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2692,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/031/mufon-5525031.json","updb_database_id":5525031}
Square Black Drone-Type object hovering over office complex and mid-day highway traffic.

I need to know if anyone else saw the same thing I saw. I was in Lenexa, KS on August 8, 20111 driving to lunch on Lenexa Dr. at 12:17pm and saw a strange black object in the sky just above the rooftops of my business complex. I was driving my car and noticed that it was not a balloon, kite, blimp, trash bag, airplane, RC plane or anything that I had really ever seen before in my life. It was very deliberate in it1s trek across the sky and dead silent. But it was unobtrusive almost so dumb-looking as if to deliberately not catch anyone1s eye. I am sure most people thought it was normal trash or debris that occasionally blows up in the air, but it wasn1t windy at all this day. It was a very peculiar and strange object. 
I went through a logical progression of 1what could this be1 but as I slowed my car down and even thought about getting out, the thing acted like it noticed me and seemed to slightly increase speed and move faster away from me across the highway. It stayed on a deliberate trek from side of the highway to the other side without fluttering or changing height. That is what was weird about his object. Not until it got to the other side of the highway did it slowly rise up further into the air and clouds. It just sort of disappeared as calmly as it appeared from the rooftops of the building.
I felt as if this thing was watching traffic. I felt as if it noticed me noticing it and it flew away because of my presence. I was so enamored that I drove around my lunch hour trying to find this thing on the other side of the highway. I cannot explain it. It was a strange feeling. I know many out there will dismiss this as a balloon or other inflatable device, but I have never seen a trash bag, balloon, kite, or anything like this move the way it did. It was like a perfectly cubed blimp. It went in a straight, horizontal line across the highway, and then ascended toward the clouds. I am not saying it was ET, but it was controlled object. I have never seen anything like this before!
