{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-19 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469031","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91517","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2988,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/031/mufon-5469031.json","updb_database_id":5469031}
{cak} Coming home from movies in Kalamazoo Michigan have been watching a crazy star like object ejecting orbs of red and white

Coming home to Coldwater, MI from watching the 645 showing of Isle of Dogs at Celebration Cinemas in Kalamazoo Michigan, we got on I69 south at the Marshall exit and right before exit 29 at around 940 we noticed a large star like objecting that was orangeish gold and seemed to be radiating rays of light low over the western horizon. We continued watching it as it staid stationary, we got off on exit 23 Girard Rd we kept watching it as it stayed stationary. We turned west on Jonesville Rd starting to feel anxious as it1s pretty desolate and dark. We Turned west onto Narrows Road watching it through tree lines etc. Narrows Rd stops and meets River Rd to an open field and we stayed parked and took the first video super zoomed in.We turned South on River Rd and continued to Chicago Rd and came home while still watching it but questioning each other because it seemed to move slightly like it was rotating. We busted into our house pretty shaken and looked for it out the West facing bedroom windows. We got home at 10 my mom was also here as witness and then the light started shooting off objects from both sides that were red and white. It was intermittently and didn1t have much of a pattern. Then lights were coming in from the northwest to the left and from the southwest which is what you can see in these videos. It is now almost 12:48 and the object/s are still out there. Please disregard the audio because it1s crazy and if you do share it please share without sound. If you can help with some of the stabilization that would be great. This is extremely unnerving and kind of terrifying. It1s out there right now I1m hoping we are not the only ones reporting this!!! It1s like obvious and it1s just kind of unreal. My mom swears she saw a silver disc vehicle with golubular yellow lights hovering right over her On the highway on her way home back to Marshall from our house at 11:14 pm
