{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-28 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504031","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54876","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5108,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/031/mufon-5504031.json","updb_database_id":5504031}
Small Triangular craft with green light at each corner gave short, close up aerobatics display then vanished

I was walking back home from meeting a friend. I had arranged to be picked up from outside my home by another friend at 6.45pm on the 28th of December, 2013, so I know the time was approximately 6.40 to within a couple of minutes. It was dark and as I followed the path home the last part cuts through some unused ground at the side of a railway line. There is no street lighting there so I had turned on the torch on my phone.
Since that particular stretch of pathway is dark you can get a good view of the stars without too much light pollution. I looked up into the sky and saw a star that caught my eye and for a brief moment I thought it was something out of the ordinary. I thought to myself "Dammit, I'm never going to see a real ufo". I mention this as I feel it might be related to what happened next.
When I came to the part of the path where the street lighting begins again I looked down to turn off my torch. At this point I was only 100 yards from my house.
As I looked back up I saw three faint green lights in an equilateral triangle formation hovering/floating about 25 feet above the path directly (15-20 yards) in front of me. My first thought was "Ooh that looks like one of those triangle ufos I've heard about." 
As the lights began to move I thought for a moment they were perhaps birds flying in formation but it quickly became apparent that it wasn't the case as the lights holding their triangle formation about 7 or 8 feet apart on each side of the triangle began to bank horizontal and at the same time flew from my right to left and down towards the ground in the school playing field to my left. I realised that this was something completely out of the ordinary, and it seemed for a moment that it was about to land as it came down to a height of about 6 feet from the ground but then lifted the front end and executed a 'loop the loop' right in front of me. The loop apex was about 30 feet in the air and as the lights came back around towards the ground, the back 2 lights spread out slightly - like a bird might if it were catching the wind to glide. As it was at the top of the loop it was flying directly towards me and as I realised that I felt that burst of adrenaline that you get when you are scared, but I remained calm and continued watching without moving. Then it continued to fly into the playing field at head height and away from me for maybe 30 yards or so and then just kind of vanished or turned its lights off.

There was no sound the whole time and the lights appeared as small orbs about the size of a football which were kind of like a mist lit from within - a kind of faint woolly green light. The three lights kept the same formation and gave the impression of being held together by some sort of invisible structure - what I assume was a craft of some sort. It was travelling pretty slow - around running speed - what is that maybe 15 or 20 mph? The whole sighting probably lasted only 15 or 20 seconds from start to finish. I don't recall exactly but I'm pretty sure I stopped walking and stood and watched without moving when I spotted it although I may have taken a few steps towards it before I realised it was something unusual.

As it disappeared I had the feeling that it was some kind of creature rather than a craft and that it had somehow read my mind and put on the whole display just for me - like it was showing off. I appreciate that those are quite extraordinary claims but the whole thing was way off the chart regarding how weird it was. Afterwards I remained standing there trying to figure out what I had seen and if it was some kind of laser display or some kind of trickery - I half expected to hear someone laughing or something. I must have been stood for a good 4 or 5 minutes before I resumed my walk home and just before I left I noticed 2 helicopters in the sky a couple of miles to the north. Maybe related-maybe not, but I remember thinking that the whole thing seemed to fit other sighting reports I have read.

I have never had any other paranormal or ufo related experiences other than a possible ufo sighting about 6 years ago but it was far away and dark and although I think it was a ufo it was too ambiguous for me to make anything of it. However that did lead me to take an interest in the phenomenon as a whole and I have to say I am pleased that I now 'know' that there is at least some legitimacy to ufology.
