{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-19 06:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470031","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90471","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3399,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/031/mufon-5470031.json","updb_database_id":5470031}
{td}Light seen under cloud cover while camping.

My son and I were camping at Parker lake Sunday to Monday. I was looking for a break in the cloud cover around 6am. Spotted a light below clouds approx 3 miles south. Moved to less than a mile very quickly. Light pulsed from bright to dark in three phases. I took 3 photos before my phone would no longer take pictures. It had a grid on the screen that I have not ever seen before. I tried to record video, did not work and would not photograph in any mode. After the light went dark for the last time phone functions went back to normal. My truck stalled three times when I started it around 10am to leave because the rain had not stopped. Around ari I g home it stalled again and would not start. The fuel pump was affected, I removed it and ran a direct current to it and it started to work again. The object was due south and traveled 3 miles north in the ti e it took for me to turn and pick up my phone and turn back. I had hoped to use the camera to get an idea of what I was seeing. There is no way it was anything g in the sky, stars or planets due to the unbroken thick cloud cover. It had started to rain about 5:30 pm and did not stop. It was still raining when we left around 10am on Monday morning. 
I tried to wake my seven year old son to see the object but he was fast asleep and would not wake up. There were no vehicles moving anywhere, no boats on the lake, no obvious lights of any kind that I could see. It is not possible that it was an aircraft, either fixed wing or helicopter due to the distance traveled in such a short amount of time. There was no sound and the object appeared to be south over the far bank of the lake and a little below the cloud cover. It wen from very bright to a mid brightness to almost dark. It continued this cycle for approximately 25-30 mi utes before going completely dark at which time my phone began to function normally again. I have 3 photos taken one after the other in less than one minute. I will attach them in order along with zoomed copies in order taken.
