{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-06-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522031","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34065","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2625,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/031/mufon-5522031.json","updb_database_id":5522031}
I thought it was a star way up in the sky

I was heading home from Omaha Nebraska,after a long day at work. My boss was at the wheel, and my son in the back, and I in the passenger seat of a Ford King Cab truck. I had been very depressed, and I began daydreaming as I looked to the stars in the sky. Not actually the stars, "one star". I recall being so sad about my life and how messed up it seemed. Thinking about my children and how much I felt I'd failed being a good parent. While I continued contemplating what to do in my life, I noticed the star I'd been staring at begin to quiver, and because I had been so deep in thought, I began blinking to assure that my eyes were clear, and that I had actually seen what I thought I'd seen, and low and behold, it was real! I made sure I didn't take my eyes off that quivering star, as I didn't want to miss anything I was seeing, and that is when the quivering star Id been watching, actually began to bounce like a bouncing ball. When it would almost be done bouncing, it shot off to the side, left then right, bouncing, as I stated like a child that would drop a bouncing ball, and then walk away from it, it would eventually bounce less and less, until it would stop. I, once I was sure that I was seeing this amazing event, was so ecstatic, I said to my son, "Son I want you to look up into the sky, straight up, and tell me your seeing what I am seeing, he then turned and looked into the sky, and said "Is it going like this?", as he began to pretend he was bouncing a ball in his hand. I said, "Yes it is," and remember thinking to myself, thank God he saw it too! We watched that bouncing star from Omaha, all the way back home, at the time in Roca, Ne., which is about an hour away from each other. Shortly before the event,just days actually, my brother had loaned me his telescope and my son and I watched our bouncing star for about a 1/2 hour, and then I began to sense a strong fear, and decided I'd seen enough, and my son and I went inside, where I felt we'd be safe.
