{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-03 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482031","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77936","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6192,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/031/mufon-5482031.json","updb_database_id":5482031}
{jpg} My brother was showing me the new LED lights on his truck. He flashed them from a remote control and we got a response.

July 3, 2016
Roswell light communication
9:30 pm: 
246/W. Pine Lodge Rd.
MM 45
35.1 miles/41 minute drive from Roswell, NM

Flashes came from direction of Altair
We were standing in front of Chuck's pick-up truck facing SE. Altair was in our clear vision in front of us.
Truck: front grill LED strobe on off on off on off sequence
No response
Truck: front grill LED auto strobe 4 flashes pause 1 flash (with remote control)
Response: bright light yellow/light similar in size to Mars that night.
          2 quick flashes back from area of Altair
Repeated with same light sequence and got same response next 2 times.
The total sighting time from start to finish was approx. 2 minutes. After the third returned response we got no more. All 3 responses were from the exact same spot and identical in size, color and flash sequence. We tried an additional 6 times with no return response.

Documentation:
9:15pm: I had tried to focus my mini cam on the area when we first arrived but because there was no moon there wasn't enough light for the camera. Chuck was sitting on the tailgate of his truck and noticed a single flash to the NW. He thought it was a meteor coming straight in but never saw additional evidence of this. Chuck thought the flash could have been an iridium flare but never saw additional evidence of this either. We moved to the front of his pick-up truck and stood to star gaze. There was no moon so the sky was dark with the Milky Way clearly visible overhead but slightly to our front vision. After just a few minutes Chuck said "I'm going to try something". He took his remove for his truck grill LED lights out of his pocket and hit the button. The first sequence was an on off on off on off. Chuck decided to try the next sequence which was 4 flashes, pause, one flash. We NEVER expected to get a response. The response was flash, flash. Chuck looked at me and said, "Did you see that?" I replied "yes". We both laughed. I said "hit it again" and he did. We never expected it but got a second response, flash, flash. Chuck said "I can't believe I'm seeing this" as he looked at me in shock. Chuck said "what do you think?" I said "hit the remote again!" Chuck did and we got a double flash third response.  Chuck kept saying "It's got to be a plane from behind the clouds". I said, "there are no clouds, that's the Milky Way!"  Chuck decided to keep hitting the remote while I looked frantically in the area of the light for a plane, helicopter, satellite, iridium flare, anything. After the first 3 return double light flashes there were no more responses.  I checked the star charts from my iPad app to best determine what area the flashes came from (Altair) and noted the time (9:30pm).

10:30 pm: The cows in field across the road began to moo and coyotes began to howl. Chuck had taken his night vision binoculars out a few minutes before to look at the Milky Way. He thought the flash we had seen had come from behind a cloud but I assured him there were no clouds just the Milky Way. The night vision binoculars proved that. We were looking at a section of the Milky Way, no clouds in our field of view. The night vision binoculars worked at first for just a few minutes, then quit. While Chuck was working on them discovering that the batteries were drained, his truck dash lights came on without any action from either of us. We were not in contact with the truck. EMF and animal reaction was now present.

Time: 10:45pm. (1 and 1/2 hrs. after light that flashed)
With the EMF effects present we decided it was time to go back to Roswell. It had been 1 1/2 hours since the light flashed. We were approx. 40 minutes from town and something was causing EMF and animal reaction. We were worried about the truck electronics going out and the two of us stuck all night on the side of the road. The locals had told us of a road they feared and wouldn't drive at night because of "strange goings on". We weren't sure if this was the road but thought it was time to leave. Besides, if ET wanted to visit us they obviously from the flashing light response, knew where to find us. We both agreed that the EMF was most likely coming from an outside more local source that was monitoring us being watched.

Note: A dark pick-up truck passed us heading towards Roswell just before the EMF effect. Chuck also saw a red SUV. It traveled down the road we were parked at the base of approx. 1/4 mi and stopped. We had only seen 1 vehicle prior. One was seen right after we arrived and then two more at approx. 10:30pm. The area is very rural.
