{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-22 22:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58508","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4042,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5500591.json","updb_database_id":5500591}
{cak} While sitting on my rooftop, which I do nightly, I spotted three orbs of light. These orbs moved seamlessly through the sky before hovering for about half a minute and then moving vast distances in less than one second.

On June 22, 2014, I was sitting on my private outdoor rooftop in Brooklyn, NY, (Williamsburg) with a friend of mine. I watch the sky every night - I can usually find Mars if it is visible, can identify numerous constellations, know the difference between a satellite and an airplane, and just love to stare out into space. At about 10:17 PM, I was looking at the sky as I always do, but it wasn't a very clear night and very few stars were visible due to the massive light pollution created by the New York City lights. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed an orange glowing orb of light. After doing a quick double-take, I saw there were actually three orbs of light moving across the sky in a way I have NEVER seen any craft or airplane or satellite move - ever. It was completely silent and seemed to float through the air. I instantly knew I was seeing a UFO; I had absolutely no doubt in my mind. In the midst of my excitement/awe/disbelief, I grabbed my iPhone and tried to record as much as I could (I knew that if I didn't capture this experience no one would ever believe me). The orbs of light moved across the sky and I took my first video but to the blind eye and without the technology needed to slow down the video, all I could see was the black night sky. I had a feeling that nothing was on that video and quickly tried to take another one before it was too late. Fortunately, I was able to switch the camera on in time and record what I did. For two weeks I didn't think I had captured anythng, until I decided to watch the videos on my computer. There is not person who I've showed this to who can come up with any plausible explanation for what I saw and recorded. 

The three orbs of light were moving Northeast and started very low - pretty close to some of the taller buildings. As it moved across the sky (in a pretty slow and stable pace) it began to rise in elevation before hovering for about 20 seconds almost directly above the building across the street from me. As it hovered there the lights remained solid and then out of nowhere the 3 lights moved rapidly throughout that area of the sky - not side to side but in terms of elevation. It was hard to determine at first whether the three orbs were all one object or if they were in fact three seperate crafts. After watching the orbs move as they did here, both in unison and independant paths, it was clear that this was one entity. It then descended at an extremely rapid pace and then just vanished. I immediately fell to the ground with tears streaming out of my eyes. I knew what I had just witnessed and was overwhlem with shock, happiness, confimation, fear, confusion, etc. I've always known that other life existed and that UFOs regularly visit the Earth, but I never in a million years thought I would be lucky enough to witness such an encounter, let alone capture it on video.
