{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-30 22:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3234,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5521591.json","updb_database_id":5521591}
flat on bottom, like a space shuttle w/ no wings

On the evening of Dec. 30th, 2011, at aprox.110:30pm, my wife and I witnessed a UFO from our bedroom balcony. It appeared initially out of the corner of my eye while I was a having a smoke on my balcony. It was very bright (yellow) and much bigger then any star visible by far. What caught my attention was that it seemed 2 b a very slow moving falling star/comet that was traveling SLOWLY straight up. My view was Due west and object couldnt have been more then 2-3miles away and 400/500 ft High (from when I 1st saw it). It was at this point I called my wife out and we both observed it. Their was a police helicopter at a 2oclock position from it, further back in the sky. You could CLEARY see the difference. The object had NO flashing lights, no collision lights etc. Just very bright yellow. I thought for a moment that it may have been a helicopter search light merely pointed in my general direction. The object hovered for a duration of 2-3 seconds, leveled off and started flying directly towards us due east towards Padadena. Im in North Glendale above Glenoaks off of Pacific. From my vantage point, I assumed it was somewhere over Toll middle school initially.1
111Once it leveled off we got really excited. At this point my wife ran inside for the camera. I stood staring and could clearly see a bright yellow oval shaped light in front, with red and blue circles side by side, evenly spaced underneath it towards the back. It was a bright night, so I was able 2 make out a definite shape. By the time my wife ran back out to balcony the object was no more than 400 yards away. There was absolutely NO noise. At this point we were 100% certain that it was NOT a helicopter, Plane, Blimp, Balloon(s), or optical illusion of any kind. The quality of the 2 photos I was able 2 take were garbage. Due to my patio light being right next 2 camera and my adrenaline high. All lights on object were rigid, and can CLEARY see outline. It was elongated, best way I can describe it as a chubby looking plane w/ no wings. It was flat on bottom, bright light in front, and as it past directly overhead and out of my line of site(couldnt see past roof of my building), I saw a much duller light in back. Closer to the blue/red lights. At closest point it was as big as a stamp in sky, furthest point it was about a 1/3 of 1. We face towards Burbank airport so planes/choppers etc are super common. U can hear helicopter rotor blades from miles, this thing glided overhead silently. Wondering if anyone seen similar?area? Time? Was pretty amazing. Not cigar shaped, wider a bit flat on bottom.1
