{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-06 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63843","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4971,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5495591.json","updb_database_id":5495591}
{nd} followed my wife and mother in law while driving only about 3 or so feet above road

Friday March 6, 2015 at approx. 8:45 pm, my wife and mother in law were driving North on Piedra rd in Sanger, Ca and noticed an incredibly bright light behind them. First thinking it was a car, or truck, even possibly an atv with their high beams on, realizing that the truck that WAS behind them turned off a side road, they then realized that this was something different. My wife noticed it was roughly 3 feet or so above the road, and traveling pretty fast. This object was circular in shape, but not a perfect circle..she said it wasnt like an egg either..she cant really describe the shape as it was a shape that she couldnt relate to..and this object was only about as big as a beach ball. In the middle of this object was as she described a incredibly brilliant white light,which did not light up any trees or the road below it, which was unusual, she said this was brighter than any high beam or led she has ever seen. She could notice some blinking lights on the bottom..not sure of color or amount. My mother in law said there might have been bluish lights on the bottom and said there were about 4 of them. They said the object was only about 3 or 4 seconds behind them, my wife put it as if her mother would have hit her brakes that this thing would have hit them, it was that close!! From the point of first contact, they were only about 4 miles from home, it followed them the entire time until they came to a bridge which is where piedra comes to an end. At this point they both noticed the object was nowhere to be seen. They made the rest of the trip home which was only a couple of minuets. Both of them scared and excited about what they have just seen and trying to figure out what exactly it was. Once home, they got out of the car and noticed the object returned next to a vacant store right by the residence. The object was clearly off the ground, and the store does not have any sort of lights on the outside, atleast any that work, but especially at the area this object was hovering. My wife then ran to the house to get her cellphone so she could take a picture. She was only in the house for about 30 seconds or so and the object was still there so she snapped a couple pictures. Immediately called me, and at this point the object was gone, and no sign of its presence anywhere. This is not the first time this has happened, and couple of weeks prior a resident living in the same area witnessed the same type of object just not as upclose and personal. Over the last few years of living out in the foothills of Sanger my wife and I have witnessed some interesting things, she would on multiple occasions see lights across the street from where she worked and it was not any sort of vehicle that she knows of, we have both witnessed what looked like a plane or helicopter flying over pretty low, but when we stopped and looked up this object made no noise and only had one maybe two lights on it and it was moving very slow, she also witnessed red lights that seem to dart off in a direction that no other aircraft could do...Thank you for reading our report of this strange encounter and the past encounters..My wife has no access to a computer so i put this report in on her behalf..i know my wife and she was very shaken up about this..the dark photo with the different lights is the one with the anomaly the light more towards the top does not belong there..the ones lower on the image are a neighbors little solar lights...the other pics are just showing the area the pic was looking at..because the one with the object is too dark to see surrounding trees and the store this object was near..and my wife said that when she was taking the photo of the object that with the naked eye she could see some lights blinking on the bottom but with her phone camera she couldnt get a clear enough picture..take what u want from this experience..it happened..i believe her...thank u again
