{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-24 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53253","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4063,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5505591.json","updb_database_id":5505591}
{dr}Two orange pulsating, floating orbs. 1 minute of film.

I was traveling NW on Coliseum Blvd at 8pm on 12/24/13 in Fort Wayne IN. I looked out my passenger side window and saw two orange round lights just above the city lights. The one on the left was slightly higher from my perspective than the one on the right. They were both the same size. My immediate impression was that it was an airplane and it was tilted in a turn to its left. (all I saw were the orange lights and I could not understand what an airplane would be doing so close to the ground and in that particular location) As I continued to look over at it for the next few seconds I noticed it was not actually making a turn. It seemed to be just floating forward. As I was watching it, the light on the left swung in an upward arc about 80 degrees and stopped in a position directly above the other orb. It stopped in that position and both orbs continued to slowly float in my direction. The distances between the two orbs did not seem to change as the one positioned itself above the other. From the time the left orb started to arc upwards until it was directly above the other orb was about 3-4 seconds. My best guess at the distance between them at this point would be between 75 and 150 feet. I can be rather dense at times but I realized that this was quite odd, and since I was in Indiana for the holidays visiting family I had kept my camera with me at all times. By then I could sort of judge the speed, and realized I would have time to pull off at the next opportunity and film this thing. It took me perhaps 15-30 seconds to pull into the next parking lot, get my camera out of the case, FIND THE STUPID BUTTON IN THE DARK, and start filming. I did not look at them during this time. By then it was nearly above me and just to the south east. I filmed both orbs for just over 1 minute as they floated along. I zoomed in and out several times to get some perspective on them. As you can see on the film they were perfectly round and pulsed like they were made of fire. What you cannot see in the film, but which I can see when I play it on my camera is in the last few seconds of the film the building I am next to comes into few and you can get a great idea of the speed they are traveling. In the film it looks like they both just blink out, but in reality they disappear one at a time as they pass over the building and out of sight. I then jump back in the truck to zoom around to the other side of the building and continue filming. This took about 15 1 20 seconds. When I got to where I should have seen them they were not there. The sky seemed to be clear at that point and I thought I could faintly see an orange glow far out into the sky. (I could see a multitude of stars also) This is my story. At times I think perhaps someone had launched some sort of X-mas eve light tradition thing, but I will let you look at it and you can tell me. My regret is that you cannot see the rooftop of the building come into view, as the objects pass over it. I could see it coming and purposely positioned the camera so the rooftop would be in view as long as possible. It is very easy to see on my camera. I still have the picture card with the original film. I can send my film with Skydrive if necc. When filming I used the following: 
Cannon Powershot XS 150 IS 
12x optical zoom
14.1 megapixels
