{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-12 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73109","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2666,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5486591.json","updb_database_id":5486591}
{nd} Orange glowing orbs at altitude moving generally E to W with altitude changes. Two briefly due N, later five move in from E before vanishing.

Just before 8:00 PM local time, my girlfriend, Jessie, was walking eastward toward the back porch of my house after going out to check on our travel trailer which was parked about 200 feet west of the house. (See attached Google Earth screenshot for layout of the grounds.) She noticed two bright orange orbs glowing in the sky above the forest north of the hay pasture directly behind the house. She came in the house and to my office door where she asked me to come look at something. I got up from my desk and walked out the back bedroom door seconds later. She was looking up in the sky to the north and saying that they were gone. I asked what she had seen and after hearing her description of the glowing orbs, I indicated that seeing UFOs in that direction was not that unusual. Before I had finished speaking, I saw something orange moving through the treetops to the northeast and drew my girlfriend's attention to it. She became very excited as she spotted it saying that it was exactly what she had seen minutes earlier. We walked together northward toward the fence which separates the backyard from the hay pasture. As we walked, five orange glowing orbs came into view moving westward. They did not move in formation, but did move the same direction. Relative speeds, distances of separation, and altitude varied noticeably between the objects as they tracked from right to left across our field of vision. There was no sound except that of the breeze which was blowing from the south steadily throughout the sighting. After about a minute had passed the objects had traversed approximately 30 to 40 degrees of our field of vision then one by one they just went out without a flash or sound. It appeared that each object gained altitude as it vanished from sight. The entire experience took less than 10 minutes.
