{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-04-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99482","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2964,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5461591.json","updb_database_id":5461591}
{jpg} Scared me to death

I was around 12 years old when this happened and have only told a few people. It was a early summer night and for many nights in a row I used to wake up and have to go to the bathroom. Now let me also state that quite a few nights leading up to my sighting I would hear things walking on the roof as crazy as it sounds. It was not every night but maybe once every couple weeks I would wake up to hear footsteps on the roof. We lived in a double wide trailer in a rural setting buy lived in a small neighborhood where our neighbors lived fairly close. The roof that was on the trailer was a thin metal roof and made a very very distinct sounds when someone walked on it. It was always at night usually after midnight. On the night of the sighting I woke up to use the bathroom just like I always did me and my brother shared a room and my parents room was right beside ours. When I woke up to use the bathroom I noticed that the entire house was lit but the light was pulsating. It's hard to explain but the light seemed to reach every corner and crack and room in the house. I wasn't sure what was going on but had to use the restroom. I got out of bed and when I rounded the corner to go down the hall there was a light spinning in a sequence and motion to this day I can't describe. I could see the bottom of a craft and the lights hung down almost like they were on a separate part. They rotated and flickered and pulse this whiteish blue bright beaming light. I went and used the restroom and when I was in their the whole time I was in shock as to what I was witnessing. I didn't know what to do so I opened the door and walked back to my bedroom and remember lying down and was honestly never scared but confused. I remember lying down and saying to myself what was that and then I woke up and it was morning. After the initial thoughts of what I just seen scared the [profanity removed/CMS/jpg] out of me. And to this day I can't sleep with the curtains open or the window open of fear it may happen again. I just figured id share my story even though it been a long time ago. It just feels good to share it. Not exactly sure what happened that night and not sure I want to. All I know is what happened after I laid back down is a blank and the initial sighting has been etched into my brain every night before I go to sleep for 25 years.
