{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-27 15:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3015,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5460591.json","updb_database_id":5460591}
I seen an egg shaped white aircraft reflecting light and a deafening buzzing sound

Okay so i was walking home from the southlands shopping centre down Birmingham road towards price street after getting rolling papers for my tobacco, i was listening to music after hugging some trees by the shops. I heard a buzzing sound, kind of like a fly near a megaphone. It was kind of distant so i took out my head phones and looked around to find the source. I looked up and seen a white egged shape thing in the sky, it was reflecting light and was white colored. I did not take my eyes off of it, no clouds were out at all and the sky was pure blue with the sun out. I stared at it for a good 7 to 10 seconds at least to make sure it wasnt just a plane or chopper or something and that i was seeing what i was seeing. It was a white egg shaped thing that was making a buzzing sound. I was staring at it not letting it out of my sight while i attempted to scuffle my phone out of my pocket to get a picture of it. The time was 15:37 or 15:38 i know because the clock ticked over on my phone. As soon as i put my phone between my eyes and the thing it had just gone. I didnt see it move, although it may have been rotating as i saw clearly light reflecting and moving. It was extremely bright, and stood out against the light blue sky. After that i continued walking home and stopping every few seconds to look back at the spot to see if i could still see it but it had vanished the second i put my phone between my eyes and the thing. Walking home after my mind feels off, and still does. Im jumpy at every little sound which is unusual for me as i am a hard person to scare. I feel like my mind is sick, like vomit sick and a warm buzz i cannot shake the feeling. The date is the 27/05/2019 and i seen it from Birmingham street in south penrith up the road from the park near the shopping centre. I did not think fast enough to get my camera out instantly, it took me a few seconds to realise that it wasnt a plane or chopper. I was paralysed with fear when i realized what i was looking at, by the time i got my phone out to take a snap picture it was gone. I am more than willing to swear in a court of law what i saw. This was terrifying because of the feeling it gave me in my head and i cannot get rid of it. Please get back to me, i dont know what can be done but just do something please. It feels like im going mad or something.
