{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-28 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84688","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2858,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5475591.json","updb_database_id":5475591}
{dr}4 objects emitting patterned red/white/yellow lights

I had been outside with my wife smoking a cigarette and listening to the police scanner on my phone when a strange pulsing sound began coming from the phone speakers. I turned off the application in order to restart it, thinking the app messed up. Even with the app turned off the pulsing sound continued to emit from my phone. My wife then stated she heard a rumbling sound (I didn't hear anything other than the pulse from the phone). We looked up in the sky for the source of the rumble and at first saw an airplane on normal flight pattern (we live between an airport and hospital, so have become quite informed of aircraft and helicopter flight patterns in the area). As we were watching the airplane fly from south to north we noticed an object moving west to east, lower than the airplane and at a faster rate of speed. The object had 2 white, 1 red, and 1 yellow lights on it in a triangular pattern. At first the white lights were stationary with the red and yellow lights flashing rapidly. Once it moved over our house and more east the yellow light went out and the white lights started flashing on and off in an alternating pattern to the red light that was still flashing. All of a sudden it turned very fast and began heading back west again. We watched it travel west until it was out of view. Once it was out of view the pulsing noise on my phone stopped. At this point I noticed another object that appeared to be of the same kind coming from the northwest. It too alternated the same light pattern. As I was watching this my wife observed yet another object hovering to the south. Again same triangular shape and same light patterns. As we continued to watch the hovering object 3 more appeared, one right after the other, going from east to west, silently and at a fast pace. We watched the 3 move west until they seemed to blink out and were no longer visible. We then looked back to the one that was hovering and it blinked out also. There were multiple people in the area letting off fireworks and the objects seemed to appear when the fireworks started and then were gone about 5 minutes or so after the fireworks stopped, so unsure if that had any connection to the objects or not.
