{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-08-28 22:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76280","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3080,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5483591.json","updb_database_id":5483591}
more than 1 event

I still see them today. 1974 it first started during the summer day.outside in front of my house, me and my brothers older and sisters. I notice orbs silver like flying across the sky maybe 10 or more flying s.e. about ten seconds later 6 jets flying real low. we giving chase. that was the end of that. brother said it was military,the next year first contact. they came to my window in the middle of the night. back then you can sleep with your windows open. at first they look like kids asking me to come out to play I went but they kept there distances always standing in the dark. 3or4 of them. they wanted to show me there home. o.k I said. thinking down the street, was I wrong. look up one said. I did... spaceship hold on one said. light came down took us up floating. the one big one looked more human metallic uniform he looked like the smaller ones big head big eyes. he told me why I was there. for tests needles lasers open me up with no pain or scares. every second day for a week or so. then it just stopped, I had no memory of it. till the next encounter.little has past end of summer august 79 10;30 pm standing outside my house looking at the stars.looking n.e. I seen bright lights coming my way. chopper I was thinking. then out of no where a police officer drove up behide me asked what I was looking at I pointed now he sees what i see.it came to a stop right in front of us 150 feet up. windows open bright lights you can see them standing there I waved it waved back. the cop is crying beside me. saying you know what this means crying. there is a lot more to this part. he radios airport asking if they had anything low flying around the northend of the city.no they said he told them theres a ufo we looking at right now as we speak, then all hell broke. two days after us army general and few others serounded my house looking for me. the cop said I seen it first,we went to my school to talk hooked up to machines.2 men in suits mib threating me and my family, the same for the cop.  now face to face 1980 just came out of my place going n.w. 10 steps I notice something in the corner of my eye on right of me across the street for me. I turn to look I see something running into the bush a alien 4 people seen this, one took a photo of it. before it started running away but I did get the chance to talk to it, it was hiding from it captures others beings... there is to much to tell,,, its been over 30 yrs now they cant hurt me now can they,
