{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-02 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490591","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4715,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/591/mufon-5490591.json","updb_database_id":5490591}
{nd} Three orange globes in triangular formation flying. They would disappear and reappear in different locations

Ok well here goes...At first i wasn't going to send in my report, because to be honest with you, I believe I lost some validity, after I sent in a report on July 4th thinking at the time it was 100% a UFO. Only to find out it was sky lantern, which apparently is a common firework or display. I feel like anything I say now, won't be taken as serious. Besides the embarrassment...

But I have pictures this time...But besides that this event that took place is actually about to get a whole lot weirder, its actually very odd. So, I was sitting at dinner with my folks, and out of nowhere, I started to converse with them about an article I read earlier in the day, which was a story about Neil Armstrong's convo he had with NASA. Something about aliens on the moon, and NASA kept requesring him to change frequencies/channels, or something of the like.

But, I started talking more about the possibilities of life beyond earth, and what might be really out there, and I don't know maybe it was a premonition or something (I'm getting chills thinking about it) but it was at this time my mother looked out the window and she said "look at that." I looked out the window, and well I just figured it to be a plane. Maybe she was excited about the story i mentioned earlier, who knows? And well I looked and didn't think much of it.

Next thing I know she says there are two now, she asked me do planes fly that close together. Now, this had my attention. I go in my backyard, and what we all witnessed were three orange orbs in a triangular formation flying/hovering very slow in the distance of my back yard.

I was so stunned, we all watched in awe. Especially after our convo, it was all sorts of freaky. Finally my father had sense and got his camera, his iPad camera. My mother followed pursuit and got her iPhone also. 

I didnt want to miss anything, this is a once In a lifetime observation I am witnessing ( It truly was a show, And I still cant see any purpose to the methodology of their flight pattern, regardless though, it was really awesome.) Anyways, finally sense kicked in me to grab my camera even one picture might help make the difference.

By the time i got back outside, the top UFO disappeared...but three more appeared in almost a straight line behind the original triangle, but they were blinking in and out so fast and randomly, it was difficult to count them all total, or where to even focus the camera, because when some disappeared others reappeared. But I would say with certainty, there were about 5-6 in the sky at one time. 

Please let me know what you guys think of this, I promise what I say is a true story, maybe I added to much additional info, I really don't know when you ask for details if i am to detailed, but that is what happened with the event i witnessed. What i do know is this was all very weird, just the odds of me talking about "aliens" and immediately witnessing a UFO is mind boggling to me. 

I'm willing to answer any questions you need answered, also two other witnesses observed this happen besides myself. Thank you for your time reading this.
