{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497992","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5254,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/992/mufon-5497992.json","updb_database_id":5497992}
It was not a flying object; it was masked as a van(s). It was ALL blue. Its surface looked rubbery.

Let me say this now: this is not your typical "little green man" encounter.

I was young, not too sure how old exactly but definitely younger than 10 because I moved country when I was 11 and this happened some time before that.

It was a warm day. I am not sure what month it was but I would guess it must have been summer since I went over to my friend's apartment block to play (no school). It was around lunch time. For those that don't know, apartment complexes in Bulgaria are pretty grim, but this one had a nice little garden area at the front. On each side of the garden area (which was quite long: ~100m, same length as apartment block) was an apartment block. 

My friend and I were sitting in this half hollowed out bush, just talking about stuff. Suddenly, without any reason I turn to my left and I see something in the near distance (~20-25m), at the end of the garden area. In my peripherals I see that my friend is also looking in the same direction. I see a blue van, like one of those typical Transit vans. However this one was all blue - I mean ALL of it was blue - tyres, wheels, windows, sides, everything. It wasn't paint though; it looked like thick blue rubber, as if the whole van was tightly wrapped in a scuba diving suit.

As I stare, the driver's door opens. I don't really get to see much of the interior but a tall (+6ft) muscular man steps out and stands with his back to us. He is ALSO blue - all blue - and "wrapped" in rubber. The sun shone pretty much directly down and I could see the definitions in his back muscles. He was bald. This will sound silly but imagine the Silver Surfer but instead of shiny and silver, imagine him blue. That is exactly what this being looked like. 

The being stood there facing the window of the driver's door for about 5-10 seconds. It then turned it's head sideways to the right and looked back at us - I couldn't see its eyes but I saw the side of its nose. It was aware of our presence, I could feel it. The being then slowly turned right and took a couple of steps to the side of the van. Again, it faced the wall of the van, with its back to us.
This is where my mind was blown and part of me snapped out of the paralysis that I was in.

This thing just dove into the side of the van and became part of it. Yes, INTO it. It was like two liquids coming together - the side of the van even rippled for a brief moment. My mind couldn't comprehend what was happening and not even a whimper came out of my mouth.

The van remained stationary for a few more seconds and then slowly began reversing. Some low hanging trees' leaves got in the way but I could make out that the van had reached the side of the aparment block on our right. At the time I was adamant that the van simply HAD to have moved the apartment block to have been able to reverse that much, considering it didn't turn at all.

The van then accelerated forwards at immense speeds. At the same time it began changing shape into all sorts of vehicles: other vans, pick up trucks, cars etc... It was morphing so quickly into different vehicles that it seemed to just flash images of them in front of me - I did notice however that none of the vehicles that it changed into were blue - they were all normal colours. It then proceeded to travel forwards, it reached some trees; it moved between them and simply dissapeared. No sound. No flash. Nothing. All of this in a matter of about 2-3 seconds.

At this point I will point out that just behind the original spot where the van was first seen was a small brick building, about 3m tall, 10m wide; I never knew exactly what that was but it had electrical danger warning signs on it and when I asked my father about it he said it contained some sort of generators for the nearby apartment blocks.

My friend and I simply begin walking towards the site. As we get halfway we just start asking each other what we just saw. I explained everything I saw but my friend said she didn't see it reversing or morphing shape. There were no tracks on the ground (partially grass, mostly dirt/dry-ish soil). I examined the path it must have taken to reverse - there was no way it didn't hit the apartment block - yet there were no signs of a collision, not even paint on the hard concrete walls.

We inspected the area and trees between which it dissapeared. There was nothing there. This is all that happened. I do not know how to explain it. It sounds ridiculous, even to this day.
