{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-21 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506992","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51742","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4311,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/992/mufon-5506992.json","updb_database_id":5506992}
{dr}multiple craft of various types too many to count over my home +unusual military jet presence in area coincidence? I think not!

Because of the bright moonlight I saw too much to sleep comfortably last night. I live alone in the Sierra Nevada foothills near a small lake and below my home less than a mile away is the spillway and the river that flows away from my location at left angle to the south. I have been observing strange lights here for yrs. Ever since my parents moved us in 1967 from the Bay Area. My parents have passed away, being their only child I inherited and live here alone. Drove home from visiting a friend around 9:00 pm last night who lives about 30 mi away towards Sacramento area. I parked in my driveway and was getting some things from my car when a flash of light caught my attention. I looked around and saw many moving lights. I took my purse n belongings in the house grabbed my binoculars and went out my front door. As little as five yrs ago I would only observe occassional lights coming and going almost always East to west, seldom west to east. Appearing to be traveling to where the lake/river
join. When the moon is waxing or waning the stars are so bright and plentiful that its much harder to see the "lights" usually they are higher up and seem to try to blend in with the stars. On several occasions though one would move across the sky very dimly lit then suddenly get brighter and larger and shoot off very fast disappearing from sight. In the past saw orbs low over the trees that changed colors, gold to red to violet etc. Not flashing but morphing colors , perfectly spherical only about 50 ft over my head just above the trees that surround my home. Last night however there seemed to be more and varied types of "lights" and dark gray orbs not projecting their own light, but reflecting the moonlight. Very low above my head. I was frightened by the number of them and (for the first time) I sensed that they were unconcerned that they could be easily observed. The worst part is that for the first time, because they were moving so slow n low that I felt some were stopping over me and were AWARE OF ME. Standing in the dark shivering with binocs around my neck (binoculars that are not night vision) and unfortunately I don't have a digital camera except for my droids. It doesnt have zoom so it wouldnt pick up anything but the moon. I wasnt about to use light to attract undue attention to myself. Using the binocs though I could see the dark orbs over my head just above the trees right in front of me. Then looking to my right (east) three lights stacked vertically were moving towards me. They appeared to be separate by their movement and not joined as in three lights on one "craft". Weird they were like in formation three vertically instead of horizontally. Flying up from behind a tree was what appeared to be almost like ascouting light that rapidly changed colors and direction preceeding the three stacked lights More of the zippy multi colored lights started to appear from various directions. I got the feeling they were with the three stacked lights, these things were going to pass right over my head. I was standing on my front porch facing the small County Rd that runs just feet in front of my house. I went inside and saw that Id been observing all this for about an hour and a half. The last thing Ill add is that Im in the flight path of an airforce base that ia quite a few miles from my house. The jets pass over more at night than daytime. However last night in the time that I was outside observing all these things above me, the number of jets flying seemed to increase.so wish I had a video camera last night. Im gonna buy one now.
