{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-10-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484992","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74804","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/992/mufon-5484992.json","updb_database_id":5484992}
{rjl} It was a very large triangle shaped craft with vertical sides and lights. Well over 3 football fields it was traveling slightly faster than I was on I 65 at 70mph

This happened to me around 10 years ago. I went to the Indianapolis Airport to pick up my mother who was flying in from Sarasota FL. I cant even tell you what time of year it was or an exact date. However this happened just after sunset and early twilight was the time. This could be found in records from flights and visits my mother has made back home here just not sure. We were driving south on I 65 around mm 95 just past the Whiteland exit. I looked out my drivers side window and up and seen this huge thing mabey 500 to 1000 feet going south. It was going slightly faster than we were as it was passing us. I shouted to my mom "What the hell is that"? I was driving and she told me to pay attention to the road and she would look. My first thought is that it was a blimp. However this was much larger like at least 3 or 4 times and not shaped like a blimp but a wedge or triangle. I also know blimps cant go that fast as we were going 75 or so and was passing us. I only got a few glimpses and to this day don't know why I didn't pull over and look. As I remember there was lights and detail like symbols on it. The angles were sharp on the craft and it was in a way box shaped meaning the triangle had right angles and flat surface. Too this day I don't know what we had seen. My mother is 74 years old and lives in Venice FL and was with me and a witness the whole time. We both told a few friends about it as we were both confused at what we had seen and really amazed nothing was reported. We got a lot a jokes like what were you drinking or smoking exct. so we kinda just left it there. We have talked about it a few times but the jokes from the very few we told made us feel like we should just shut up. I know the date and info is somewhat sketchy, however my mother and I know we seen something. What it was I have no idea but too this day I wonder.
Thanks
