{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489992","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69612","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5359,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/992/mufon-5489992.json","updb_database_id":5489992}
{rjl} I drew a picture of it enormous 3 extended

don't know the hr i went out(no smoking allowed in my home) to have a cigarette.stood by front door looked up and out because i saw movement in the sky(been this way post9-11) well, i saw the first white oval light and then the long arm that had the blue & several pink lights moving. i wear glasses. thought maybe a reflection of street lights. i removed glasses rubbed my eyes. put glasses back on this thing is still moving coming from Timber Ridge over golf course and thru Hemlock St. I decided whatever it was wanted to see it with my eyes removed glasses & went out to sidewalk. now i noticed the other two arms attached to this humungous black object moving in the stealth of night yet it was darker than the deep blue of the sky. no one was out walking that i could see. Now I go out in to the middle of the street to watch where this thing is going. now i see a man walking his dog by Hemlock and I run to him as this thing hover over my home & neighbors-we're connected townhouse and ask him if he see what i see. He looks up looks away looks back up & says"what the--". i've been looking for him-havent seen him since that nite. now it had a white oval light one on each arm and they were moving in sinq and i realized it was attached to the big black thing moving ( and not 3 helicopters flying in sinq-no chopper noise either) now it glides across Springmeadow Dr hovers a few seconds and glides to the right-and goes directly over MY HOMe & my neighbors and hovers there-i mentally said"oh no you don't"and thru my cigarette in my ashtray ran in my house and locked the doors and got under my cover on my couch. after recovering a few minutes from the realization of what i saw i clicked on tv went to news 12 LI TO SEE IF ANY ONE HAD REPORTED SEEING ANYTHING. THERE WAS NOTHING. i was so frightened and aim aware our gov't is involved with picking up these if they land. 
listen, please i work for the gov't & i have only told 4 people about my experience & I don't wish to have my boss or employees to know of this i keep a low profile!!!!!
before i forget-it sounded like a very large air conditioner like the one my office is located in. i don't stay out now after dark & have missed 2 outside concerts because there is no indoor place to go after dusk.  and don't discount the person who saw something as big as an 18 wheeler-it was bigger than that the whole sky was moving i am able to differentiate between human noises & this machine & the whole thing scared the willies out of me. i lost sight of the object when it glided down Ginger Lane &  i ran in my house & locked the doors all of them  that man i saw walking his dog-i haven't seen him since i would love to converse with him over our observance. i have been watching & looking before dusk every day. we had no other conversation as i ran back across the a street in shock & into my home. i didn't think to get his name.i would expect to hear about a sighting such as this out in Nevada, or a desert somewhere---but in Holbrook NY a heavily populated area???!!!!!!!! there also is a well, it is shaped & looks like a christmas tree with all green lights that is way up in the atmosphere-with the stars--near my home. listen either i need to get out of town or they need to go find another universe to haunt because this one belongs to humans & Im not seeking to venture out & explore & this just really petrified me!!!! yes i've included emotion and feelings you asked& these are the facts as they occurred on Thursday July 23rd 2015 sorry i didn't look at the clock before i went out  tell me if you can answer me this-why do they come in the stealth of night???? why won't they come in broad sunlight so all humans can see them- you see if it weren't for their lights we wouldn't know they were here unless you heard the steady drone of their object If Mufon has communication with these entities perhaps you would convey my message to them-let us live in peace-leave us humans alone!!!!
on a clear nite-no overcast/clouds you can see the christmas tree blinking & sometimes moving please don't discount the person who was in Ronkonkoma NY & saw it as big as an 18 wheeler--they described similar to what i saw our dates visualizing were not far apart & he's within 10-15 minutes from my home-so is Maccarthur Airport
i couldn't take any pictures because it happened so quickly & my cellphone was on charge. i do have a sketch drawn on the 24th, but i don't know how to get it onto this to send you  if you call me i can send the sketch i drew with notes on it to your phone-i know how to do this please don't come to my home-i don't want my neighbors alarmed & thinking I did something bad & having all these gov't people here .
