{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-20 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478992","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81121","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/992/mufon-5478992.json","updb_database_id":5478992}
Witnessed a bright fuzzy light. Seemed very different from a star. Moving slowly - disappeared

Looking over out in a distance over Lake Ontario from our back yard deck I could see a strange bright light that seemed to glow and pulsate and had a yellow orange color. It was hovering or seemed that way from a distance. Then slowly it went diagonally up and eventually just disappeared. First I thought it was an air plane heading my way but when looking with binoculars I couldn't not see any flashing or blinking lights. I could also see the objects was moving slowly up and to the right. I could not focus on the object with my binoculars as if the object did not have a defined light or shape. I brought down my 6D Camera with 100mm IS lens and same thing the object using the viewfinder or the rear LCD was not sharp like fuzzy. I zoomed with 5x and 10x using the rear LCD and the object seemed unsharp and very bright. I did take a few photos but they were all blury. I am attaching one of the better photos. I had my 18 year old daughter confirm that this seemed like a very odd star or airplane and there were no blinking lights. After a few days we checked the UFO stalker website and we could see 2 other reports during the same night of similar object in near by area.
The object eventually just disappeared. I checked with my binoculars and could not see any blinking lights in around the same spot thinking it was the lights from an airplane and it made a turn. We could see airplanes above Lake Ontario but I could not judge how close these were to the object. The photo shows a more cylinder shape object but that was only because the photo was taken at 2 seconds and eventually the object moved during the 2 seconds.
