{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-05 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485992","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3089,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/992/mufon-5485992.json","updb_database_id":5485992}
{nd} Observed Brilliant Basketball Sized Object Appear in Sky Arcing Downward Then Drop Straight Down into a Farmer's Field and Vanish

When driving to work just west of Edwardsburg, MI on M12 near the intersection of Conrad around 5am (give or take a few minutes), my girlfriend observed a downward arcing object as brilliant as a flare the size of a basketball appearing in the sky several hundred feet in the air just to the north of her then changing course straight downward and disappeared into a farmer's field. The event happened very quickly as the object was traveling at incredible speed. This occurred on Tuesday morning and that evening she told me about what she had witnessed. Wednesday after I was off work, I asked her to show me the exact location she last saw the object - We had received a decent amount of snow on Monday (1/4/2016) and I was hoping there might be visible signs in the snow where she last saw this object disappear in the field since no further rain or snow had fallen yet. The vanishing/crash/landing site of this was not the location I was expecting from her verbal directions in our previous conversations. Even though she was west of Conrad on M12 Driving Eastbound when she saw it, the objects path - arc and downward decent traveled from west to east. The location of disappearance was east of Conrad and North of M12 several hundred yards into the field. The field has some gently rolling hills and the object could of easily descended below one of these hills and out of her view from the road, giving her the appearance of simply vanishing into the field since it is still completely dark at 5am. The next evening (roughly 5pm) when further investigating the location in the field, I discovered that the area had just recently (within the last day or two) been disturbed by heavy earth moving equipment. I believe my girlfriend saw what she saw. I am not sure what to think of someone bulldozing and grating in the location she pointed me too. - Note: You can not see the earthworks from the roads (neither Conrad nor M12) until you are standing at the top of the tallest hill in the field. I took several videos of the of the Earthworks and can provide that to someone at MUFON upon request.  Note: Not sure what a "Crash Recovery Site" would look like with a small object, but this scenario has crossed my mind. This was one of the main reasons to submit this report. This is fresh and you guys might have the equipment to test for things I can not.
