{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-01-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3905,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5286183.json","updb_database_id":5286183}
Brilliant Golden Cube, 2200 km in length, width, and height

The date for this was around 2000 years ago, and the testimony is of John the Apostle from the Bible in Revelation 21. He describes an awesome cube that is 2200 km on each edge, absolutely huge! I have an MS in Physics from Cornell University, and I have done a careful analysis of this "New Jerusalem" cube on my website: www.newjerusalemstarship.org. It has to be a starship, and it is obviously extraterrestrial. I would argue that this definitely counts as a UFO sighting, and possibly as an abduction too since John says the angel "carried me away in the Spirit." Attached media file is a simulation (made with Universe Sandbox) to scale of what John saw. The size of the cube implies that it needed to have an orbit of around 10000 km in order to be easily seen.

John's eyewitness testimony of The New Jerusalem:

"And he carried me away in the Spirit to a great and high mountain, and showed me the holy city, Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, having the glory of God. Her brilliance was like a very valuable stone, like a stone of crystal-clear jasper. It had a great and high wall, with twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels; and names were written on the gates, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the sons of Israel. There were three gates on the east, three gates on the north, three gates on the south, and three gates on the west. And the wall of the city had twelve foundation stones, and on them were the twelve names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.

The one who spoke with me had a gold measuring rod to measure the city, its gates, and its wall. The city is laid out as a square, and its length is as great as the width; and he measured the city with the rod, twelve thousand stadia (2200km); its length, width, and height are equal. And he measured its wall, 144 cubits (65m), by human measurements, which are also angelic measurements. The material of the wall was jasper; and the city was pure gold, like clear glass. The foundation stones of the city wall were decorated with every kind of precious stone. The first foundation stone was jasper; the second, sapphire; the third, chalcedony; the fourth, emerald; the fifth, sardonyx; the sixth, sardius; the seventh, chrysolite; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, topaz; the tenth, chrysoprase; the eleventh, jacinth; the twelfth, amethyst. And the twelve gates were twelve pearls; each one of the gates was a single pearl. And the street of the city was pure gold, like transparent glass.

I saw no temple in it, for the Lord God the Almighty and the Lamb are its temple. And the city has no need of the sun or of the moon to shine on it, for the glory of God has illuminated it, and its lamp is the Lamb. The nations will walk by its light, and the kings of the earth will bring their glory into it. In the daytime (for there will be no night there) its gates will never be closed; and they will bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it; and nothing unclean, and no one who practices abomination and lying, shall ever come into it, but only those [t]whose names are written in the Lamb’s book of life." Revelation 21:10-27
