{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-20 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59959","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2752,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5499183.json","updb_database_id":5499183}
{rjl} Between Woodburn and Hubbard Oregon, brightly lit, silvery neon blue triangle, with a clearly angled shape, appeared, traveled in descent, but did not land.

9/20/14 7:45 PM.

Husband and I were driving on highway 99E, going northbound coming out of Woodburn, OR, heading into Hubbard, OR.

It appeared suddenly, in the sky ahead of us, brightly lit, outlined like a silvery neon blue triangle, with a clearly angled shape. The long sides of the triangle were bright (almost like the internal light of a firefly - like it was lit from the inside), but the back end was not as lit up. (The top and bottom edge was clearly noticeable. The back edge was there, but less visible- not as bright.) It was like the edges were lit-up tubes - we could see sky through the middle of the object. It was not an opaque shape.
 
It appeared as if coming out from behind cloud cover- but there were no clouds.  It hovered for maybe 3/10ths of a second - long enough to register it was there, and then it moved left to right in a slight descent, but flew so fast we could barely watch it, and then it was gone. There were trees to the right about 100 yards away - but it disappeared before it even got to the trees - like it went back into the clouds, only there weren't any.

There was no tail - it wasn't a comet, and there was no smoke or trail or lights- it wasn't a plane. At least not one of which we could say, "Oh yes, that was definitely a plane, or, it was just a model plane or a kite." There was no sound. It did not come close to the ground, there was no landing. 

There were no people around, but it was still light enough that we could have easily seen if there were people flying a kit or model planes.

If we had blinked, we would have missed it, it was that fast. 

I've never seen anything like it before.

We discussed it the rest of the way home: I saw a triangular shape, like an isosceles triangle on its side. My husband saw a bow-tie like shape, like two isosceles triangles on their sides, point-to-point. We have been trying to come up with answers of what it could be, but each time, we are left with unanswered questions.
