{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-21 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80921","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5479183.json","updb_database_id":5479183}
{cak} Huge red ball of light, magically peirced through the sky. In the center I saw a face, as it seem to generate power, shooting across the sky, disappearing without a trace. It looked like a magical red dragon!

I made the Orion Star constellation in
my front yard using 7stones, and 7solar lights placed at each stone.
After weeks of arrangements, of being percise to my apporval, I had finished the greatest structure that I had ever made. As I laid outside staring into the nigjt sky, pondering1
praying to God, mainly for healing in my life1and eagerly longing to know more about real truth in our civilations history, on this July cloudy night with no visualability of the Star constellation of Orion1what suddenly appeared in a distance was simply out of this world! It was as if the night sky opened up and a huge oval shaped light pierced through the darkness and the clouds1red in color that would become brighter and brighter! I fumbled for my phone in hopes to take a picture, but found my phone suddenly not working at all1
I quickly stood to my feet, standing just outside of the Orion constellation that I had structured in awe. I seem to be standing there frozen, staring into this huge impressive ball of light!
In the center of this light I saw a face
that seem to be smiling down at me,
But then soon afterwards the smile turned into an awful disappointing look1the ball of light seem to charge up for a few seconds and shot across the sky with amazing speed, disappearing right before my eyes!!!
Later my cell phone came back to life and what I found on it was a picture that was not there before. A picture of what seems to be a face, that is unlike any face known to man. Who was it!?
Osiris? God? The devil!? I contacted organization and have had no feedback!?
