{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-21 23:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53681","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2813,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5505183.json","updb_database_id":5505183}
Felt some one was calling me, walked to front saw them! Said to myself pass again! They did! Been having dreams everyday since then!

I was at my brothers house, helping my sister-in-law at the garage, when suddently I felt anxious, trumbled, and desperate, felt like someone was calling me, wasnt feeling my self for that moment, walked to the from of tha house and looked up and saw this red-orange constantly changing plane! It was very low at least 20 feet from a house roof! I called my sister-in-law and asked her, can u see that? She said yeah what is it? I dont no where I got this but I told her weved got visitors! So she took her iphone and enlarge the camera and we both stood there paniqued for like a second or two then looked each other and said thats an UFO! It was shaped like a plate with a ball or round glass on top, at the middle were lights running on and off frequently! They were orange-red! So it keept moving very slowly, by that that time it was like if time slowed down atlwast for me! Then when the plate got to a certain distance it flew fast and dissapeared! Then I said to myself I want Pictures, please come again! When we were walking again to the house, less then 2 seconds, it appeard again, thats when i went running to get my camera, took pictures and videos! My sister in law took some pictures but they all came out black! Only on my pictures u can see the grey plate with something round shaped on top! Everyday after that ived been having dreams and visions of them coming to get me! Everynight that is! Plus where I now live I see them passing by! And I try to show them to other people near me, and when they turn to see, they just go faster en dissapear in the sky.. Or into another dimession...
