{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68388","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5236,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5491183.json","updb_database_id":5491183}
{rjl} Extremely bright light coming at me, explodes into fully lit area at 1 AM, Deisel engine died then returned to running after it left

Dear Mr. James,

Thank you very much for the most interesting, and well written, report!!

If you can "reconstruct" the date, or even the year, please let us know. We
would very much like to know what the precise date of the event was, if
possible.

We will post your report, in the near future.

Thanks, again, for sharing the interesting information with our Center!

Cordially,

Peter Davenport, Director
National UFO Reporting Center

-----Original Message-----
From: workway2much@gmail.com [mailto:workway2much@gmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, July 4, 2013 3:47 PM
To: ufocntr@nwlink.com; cstepien@experlogix.com
Subject: Html Form Submission

Below is the result of your feedback form. It was submitted by
(workway2much@gmail.com) on Thursday, July 4, 2013 at 15:46:36
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

100 Date: June 1978

110 Time: 13:00

120 Duration: only a second or two

130 Sighting City: Tennyson

140 Sighting State: tx

150 Sighting Zip: 76902

165 Sighting Country: USA

160 Sighting County: Coke

170 Witnesses: only me

172 Shape: Flash

168 Number of Craft: probably 1

190 Description: For many years, I have avoided reporting this UFO sighting
for all the common reasons but after watching a Nat Geo UFO Europe video on
YouTube, I thought perhaps I should. Although, it has been long ago perhaps
somebody else may have seen it and my corroboration may help.

In the summer of 1977 or 78, I went to spend a few weeks with my aunt and
uncle living in Tennyson, Texas. My uncle worked at the Goodyear proving
grounds but had farming and ranching interests also. He worked in coo
ordination with a man who owned a Ford 9600 tractor. The tractor was diesel
powered. It was almost new and he had arranged for a custom plowing job to
be done at a neighbors property. I agreed to do the work and he would pay
me some of the earnings. I was on the last field and nearing completion.
It was probably nearly 1 AM in the morning. It was a clear night and no
rain as best I recall. While heading in a Southerly direction with the plow
in the ground, I saw a light far off in the distance moving my way at an
astonishing speed. It was low on the horizon but definitely in the sky. It
captured my vision as I was headed directly toward it. As it moved toward
me it consumed the entire sky and eventually lit up the entire area around
the tractor as fa!
r as I could see as bright as daytime. As, the light virtually exploded
around me the tractor died and its lights went off. The tractor was a
diesel model and would die only if fuel flow was stopped to the engine but
it had fuel flow solenoid. As rapidly as the flash of light appeared it
disappeared. The entire time of the event was only a second or two. It
scared me because I thought perhaps lightening had hit the tractor. As the
light left the tractor immediately started again. Remember this is a diesel
tractor with a plow in the ground so the tractor would not start on its on
like an automobile going down the highway. It would have to be taken out of
gear and the starter engaged. But, because of my fear, I immediately lifted
the plow thinking if I don't I will be electrocuted. I was near the end of
the field so I simply stopped instead of turning around and tried to figure
out what was happening. I opened the door to check for rain but the weather
was clear. !
Without an explanation, I decided I should leave immediately b!
ut I tho
ught no one would believe me and I don't even believe myself what had
happened. So, I put the tractor into reverse and backed up to where the
plow had been pulled out of the ground and finished plowing to the end of
the field still at an unease. By now, I had processed the event and made my
mind up to go ahead and stop for the night. I asked questions of my uncle
and aunt as well as other local community members and found out that others
had sightings that were similar although I didn't commit to seeing anything.
So, like I have said, I know that this is years late and could not be
verified or researched very well but if it can help that is good.

180 Description: Astonishingly fast moving light

200 Name: [name removed/cms/rjl]
220 Address Street: [address removed/cms/rjl]
Address City: Friendswood

240 Address State: tx

250 Address Zip: 77546

260 Phone: [phone # removed/cms/rjl]

265 Occupation: Student

050 Investigator Request: Yes
