{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-06 15:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5288183.json","updb_database_id":5288183}
Reflective objects with black wings hovering and flying in same location. Daylight, clear skies. Not birds or starlink satellites.

I'm a pilot at a major airline and have been flying airplanes for 31 years. I have a degree in Aeronautical Science. I don't know much but I know aviation. I have seen these small circling, hovering reflective objects with black wings during the day on numerous occasions near my house. At first I thought it was a flock of birds except they don't move like birds or flap their wings. Also birds don't reflect the sunlight. They have a metallic surface with small black wings. I live 1/2 north of downtown Louisville, CO. About a year ago I was running with my dogs in my neighborhood and saw 20-30 of these reflective orbs circling and hovering about 2 miles to the N-NE. I didn't have my iPhone with me that day. Then yesterday I saw them again but didn't have my iPhone. I stopped to watch them fly in erroneous patterns for about 4 minutes. They appeared to be about 1,000 to 2,000 feet above the ground. I live close to Rocky Mountain airport. A Cessna 172 flew underneath them, saw them and circled back to get a closer look. The objects didn't seem to interact with the Cessna. Then the objects just disappeared. Just, poof, vanished. Later that same day I finally captured video evidence on my iPhone 11 Pro while getting my oil changed at Jiffy Lube on South Boulder Rd, about 1 mile from my house. Captured 4 shiny objects due north flying in erroneous formation for over 1 minute. Then they just disappeared. Again, today I was running with my dogs about 11:45 am in my neighborhood and saw a single white object or disk flying in the distance due north of me. At first just thought it was an airplane. Then I noticed it was rapidly changing direction and seemed to stay in the same general location. It was about 5 miles away then I lost sight of it. I'm convinced if someone with a high powered telephoto lens came to my neighborhood they could capture really good video evidence.
