{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-31 23:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35090","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4217,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5521183.json","updb_database_id":5521183}
3 orange lights were in triangle and formed straight line. Then 2 lights split off. 1 decended out

My husband, stepson and I were getting ready to watch the ball drop on tv when I stepped outside first to see fireworks for the incoming 2012 year! I arrived outside too late to see fireworks, for everyone in my neighborhood went in for the ball drop. However, as I looked in the sky I saw 3 orange lights in the shape of a pyramid in the sky. I live in a city so it is definitely NOT common to see ANYTHING like this! I am used to airplanes, helicopters, etc.. When I first looked up I thought "oh my god, its happening." I am NOT saying aliens but it is definitely something foreign to me. I felt immediately it was a UFO. I had accidentally shut the door locking myself out of the house while waiting for the rest of my family to come outside so I immediately began banging on the door screaming my husbands name. I grabbed his arm, pulled him outside, pointed to the sky and said, "Now,You tell me what the hell that is!?" He felt the same thing I did right away. My first reaction was a little frightened but mostly so overwhelmed with Joy and excitement. The thing that frightened me was the fact that I was facing the fact that there may or may not be something on the other side of the UFO looking back down at me. Was a lot for my mind to grasp.I was captivated and couldnt stop staring at it. My stepson who is 7 shortly came out and saw it and his face alone when he saw it made me KNOW what I was seeing was something not from HERE. 
There were 3 orange lights in a triangle shape. They slowly rotated in one direction, paused briefly and started rotating the opposite direction. THEN, more quickly they formed a straight line. The 3 of us were shocked we were seeing what we were seeing. The 3 lights after about 10 seconds of a straight line all split off and descended into the distance...3 separate directions! 
My stepson and husband went inside thinking it was over. I stayed outdoors when the 3 lights showed back up and formed their triangle formation about 2 minutes later. They danced in their triangle rotation again. This time 2 lights split of and went off into the distance in 2 separate directions while the one orange light hovered and slightly wobbled in a circle. About 15 seconds later the 2 other orange lights reappear only to disappear in the same manner a few seconds later. The one orange light remained there still for about another 3 minutes and slowly glided into the distance. No trails or sounds were made or blinking of lights.
After the object(s) disappeared I felt very light headed and clear minded at the same time. It was like my senses were heightened. I also believe for the first time I also had an out of body experience. I rested my eyes for a slight moment from being so light headed and what I saw was me as an old woman but my skin and body was as young as now. I later posted videos on Youtube to receive confirmation that I was not alone in videotaping this experience. Several others in my area also saw, recorded and contacted me about the same incident. I will try to attach the video. However, I tried to before on this site when the incident first occurred and I had problems uploading. Thanks for the opportunity to put the info out there! There are a lot of street lights where I live so I apologize for the quality.
