{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-12 19:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113166","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5290183.json","updb_database_id":5290183}
Two objects blinking at the same time with strange upward directional change. Both fly very close to each other then separate

I was in my room reading when I started to feel like I was being watched. I looked out my window to see what I thought was a plane at first, but it’s lights weren’t blinking. I thought why aren’t it’s lights blinking? Right after I thought that, it’s lights began to blink. I thought this was strange so I attempted a video but my flash was on so I quickly stopped and turned out my room lights. When I went back to my window I saw that another craft that looked the same was following the first one (both the same distance to me). The lights on both craft were blinking at the exact same time which I’ve never seen any plane do. I started to record, as I noticed they were changing to an upward direction and getting dangerously close to each other. They flew upwards right next to each other for a few seconds. I thought I was about to witness them crash and I was frightened. I thought for sure my hands were still the entire time but looking back I moved at a key time where the bottom craft took a dramatic change in direction. When I looked down to readjust my camera I noticed it quickly moved far from the first craft. From there, they glided further and further away from each other until I could not see them anymore. I looked on a plane radar but there were no planes above me at that time. I’ve never seen anything like it, and I’m not sure what they were.

Attached is a video and picture -for the picture it’s a screenshot of the part where the bottom craft angled itself and took a dramatic change in direction
