{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-09-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97771","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2667,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5463183.json","updb_database_id":5463183}
{rjl} LIght high in sky that split into two separate lights, one white one red, then rejoined, changed direction and sped off.

On a warm September, 1965 evening around 9pm, myself and two friends were talking on the driveway of my house. The house was in the Sinking Spring, Pa. area off the Fritztown Road very near the Atlantic Richfield gasoline storage facility on that road. It was the time that NASA had launched the Echo II satellite and that was plainly visible on a clear night.

The sky that night was perfectly clear and as we talked I noticed a bright, white object, high in the sky, moving from the NW to SE. I pointed to the sky and my two friends looked to see what we thought was the Echo II. It proceeded SW for a minute or two and when it was about half-way across the sky a smaller, red light appeared to emerge from the white object and proceed in a westerly direction. The white object continued SW as the red light put some distance between it. Then the red light quickly changed direction and caught back up with the white object and disappeared. The white object then abruptly changed direction to the north and disappeared from sight in a second or two. The whole sighting took about 4 minutes as best as I can recall.

My two friends and I were speechless and said nothing about what we had just witnessed. Not really surprising as one friend was going to school to be a lawyer and the other a Naval pilot. It was just the kind of thing you didn't talk about in 1965.

Though the sighting left an indelible memory with me, I stashed it in my brain for years without a mention to anyone. What brought the memory to recall was the movie Close Encounters! When I saw the scene in the movie where the 3 UFO's flew low up a rural road and they were chased by a small, red light, my reaction was "Wow, I've seen this before!"

Once the inter-net became available I often searched for any stories that might be similar and in the same time frame. I found none, but during my searched I learned of the Kecksburg incident in December of 1965.
