{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-15 14:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86155","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2880,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5474183.json","updb_database_id":5474183}
The object flew across sky near the Vulcan Bomber

I was working on Shoreham Power Station near Brighton ,UK . I was an avid follower of the then-flying Vulcan Bomber XH558 . I had a tracker app on my mobile phone that roughly showed the plane's whereabouts . That particular day and time it was flying between airshows on the south coast area . As I was aware that the Vulcan would be flying over or nearby I positioned myself at the top of an outdoor single flight of stairs on a two storey temporary building where I thought I might get a decent view of the plane and I waited with my iphone 6 ready to record . I was not disappointed as shortly after the Vulcan flew over the power station . The second it came into view I began to record it . It more or less flew straight over my head . I stopped recording after it went out of my view because the building behind me was in the way . A small tracker plane was flying nearby the Vulcan to my left . Later on , after work , I sat down and watched the video . Where I had stopped it there was a black spec . I was annoyed as I thought I had captured a bee or something and it spoiled my video . I made my mind up to crop the video later on to remove the 'bee' . I zoomed in to look at it and discovered that it wasn't a bee. No legs or wings and if you look closely right at the end of the video you can see the object flying along at great speed . It appears to be a saucer type object with a dome shape on top as the zoomed in stills show . I did not see this object fly over when I watching the Vulcan . I honestly think I would not have seen it with the speed it was traveling at.
