{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-28 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497183","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62185","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2759,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/183/mufon-5497183.json","updb_database_id":5497183}
{dr}At stoplight, 2 people saw 1 perfectly round stationary object maybe 25' diameter for about 30 seconds at about 1.5 miles

My brother and I were waiting at a stop light facing east at Highway 58 and Washington Avenue in Golden, Co. in late Oct. or early Nov. 2014. This was sometime in the daytime, probably in the afternoon, clear skies and full sun. We noticed at about 45 degrees to our right, just over South Table Mountain and to the east of the feature called Castle Rock, a totally stationary object in the sky. I remember it as being a light silver color and my brother remembers white, but still close. We both agree it was perfectly spherical and probably about 20-30 feet in diameter if it was at the distance we thought, somewhere over S. Table Mountain. I think my brother saw it first and said something like " What is that?". We briefly discussed what we each saw and agreed we saw the same thing. We watched this for about 30 seconds until the stoplight turned green and we turned left and lost sight of it. It appeared to be only a few degrees above the mountain, maybe 100-200 ft. altitude if it was at the distance assumed. If it was much further away, of course it would have been much larger and higher in altitude. Upon discussing it later, we both agreed it probably was not a weather or hot air balloon because it was perfectly round and had nothing hanging underneath it. Obviously planes, helicopters, the moon, Venus and other celestial objects can be ruled out as this was full daylight. Since it was motionless and nothing happened, I kind of forgot about it until I happened across a video on Youtube called the Crestone UFO of Oct. 3 2014. They (2) appear to be almost the same thing we saw, only they have a darker appearing center, making them appear concave. Ours appeared totally spherical. Then I found several other videos of very similar things in Breckenridge (filmed by a TV station) and around Pueblo Reservoir (I think) at around the same time as our sighting. I wish I had reported this earlier so I could better remember the date and exact time, but I do recall this was after the TV report which I had missed when it aired.
