{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1967-03-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180013","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"n38c6b","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180013,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Dog in car alarmed as disc directs light beam into vehicleGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Directory
Keeneyville-Bartlett, Illinois

March 7, 1967

Animal Reaction Feature:
A male Beagle named Bugle was traveling with a woman and her daughters as
they drove home at 12:30 am. An object was noted by the women and when
it came near the ground, Bugle 1stood against the window with all his
hair raised in fright.1 [It1s not clear if Bugle first reacted at this point
or when the object descended into the woods, as described below. In any event,
he reacted when the object was close to the ground.1jw]
As the car arrived at Bartlett, the object then descended into a woods,
lighting them with a red glare. When the women turned the car around,
a brilliant white object flew out of the woods at their back window, two beams
of white light coming inside the window. Bugle could not be quieted
and continued standing stiffly with his ruff up.
Bugle reportedly 1was upset for two days.1 A veterinarian said he
may have been frightened by a high-pitched noise inaudible to humans.
Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
Mrs. Lucille Drzonek, her daughters, ages 24 and 17, and their dog were driving
northwest on U.S.Route 20 just past Keeneyville.  They saw a solid
object, estimated 15 feet in diameter, outlined in bright white lights and
with two big beams in front. As it neared the ground it began flashing
red and green lights.
As the car arrived in Bartlett, the object descended into a wooded area,
lighting it with a red glow. The women could see black trees outlined
against the red glow and decided to turn the car around to see what was happening.
After turning the car and starting back, something brilliant white zoomed
out of the woods headed at their back window. Two beams of white light
came through the back window.
The women, frightened, drove home with the object following. Arriving
home, the object was observed an estimated 10 feet over the top of a tree
in their yard. Mrs. Drzonek could not get her husband awake, but her
son saw the object over the tree. They watched it for an hour.
The object rose in the sky, appeared gray, and flickered on and off.
A fog settled in the yard, and when it cleared, the object was gone.

No sound, EM effects, or physiological effects were reported.
Sources:
Elgin Daily Courier-News, Elgin, IL, Thursday, March 9, 1967.
Keyhoe, Donald E., and Gordon I. R., Lore, 1969, Strange Effects from UFOs,
Washington, D.C., NICAP, p. 34-35.

Strange
Effects From UFOs
Newspaper Article
