{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T16:50:17Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 600231, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/595466/596293.pdf", "source_sha256": "10d384efea41de4e5d2e0eee966b12859bc983a8fdac956f263b2f27e457db87"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1597, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26 July 1952
Memorandum for Record
Subject: Trip to Washington, D. C.
1. On 21 July 1952, Col D. L. Bower and Capt E. J. Ruppelt went to
MATS Hq at Andrews AFB, Maryland, to diseuss the possibility of the MATS
Air Weather Service and Flight Service assisting in Project Blue Book. Col
was contacted. He called in Major
from the Director
of Intelligence Office of Hq MATS. The proposition that these people could
help us in Project Blue Book was presented. The Air Weather Service could help
us by assiating the reports that we receive for possible balloons and Flight
Service could help us by attempting to identify reporte that turned out to be
aircraft.
2. Capt
and Warrant Officer
were called into the
meeting. These men were from Air Weather Service. The project was outlined to
these people and a discussion was held as to how they can help us. Capt Huppelt
showed several examples of how we had tracked balloons previously and asked these
people if they could do the same. After a lengthy discussion these people left
the meeting and it was decided that ATIC would draw up a proposal stating what
we wanted these people to do and submit it to them on an informal basis. They
would then review this with ATIC people and make necessary corrections to arrive
at a final proposal, then this final proposal would be sent to them through
channela. They were advised that if the task appeared to be a big one a transfer
of funds from ATIC to MATS could be arranged.
3. The
of the meeting with the weather people, It Col
who 1s Intelligence Officer, and Deputy for Operations of Flight Service, was

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 334, "chars": 2003, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
called in. The problem of identifying these objects as aircraft was discussed.
It was previously known that it is a difficult job to trace airoraft back to a
given position in the U.S. or merely using flight plan reporta, ete. However there
is a possibility of working something out. Several suggestions were offered, (1)
that ATIC would furnish personnel so that there will be one person at each Flight
Service Center throughout the U.S. merely to handle undentified aerial object
reporte. In this way as soon as a report comes in it could be easily checked.
The possibility of having a roving representative visiting various flight services
was also discussed. There was no definite plan made as to what would be done
in this instance. It was decided however that it would be very advantageous
for ATIC to prepare a letter to CAA and have it distributed to all CAAls in-
stallations. This letter would state how to report unidentified aerial objects
and would give the CAA facility authorization to send a collect telegram direetly
to ATIC. This would alleviate much handling of messages. At the present time
CAA facilities relay the message several times before it reaches the AF Flight
Service. After it reaches F1ight Service it is handled several more times before
it reaches ATIC. In this interim handling it has been found that the message
becomes distorted. The meeting ended with an agreement that ATIC would draw
up what they desired in the way aid from Flight Service and that this would be
presented to Flight Service and they would put any suggestions or corrections
that they felt necessary. It Col
also agreed to contact CAA and
see how much cooperation they could give us on this subject.
4. On the next day Col Bower and Capt Ruppelt spent the day in the
Pentagon. The prime purpose of the visit was to coordinate the articles that
have been written for the copy of the digest, of the Air Intelligence Digest,
that will devote about half the issue to the investigation of unidentified

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 1941, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
aerial objects. Dished in with this was a great deal of confusion on the
recent sighting by radar over Washington Municipal Airport on Saturday night.
5. The first thing in the morning Col Bower and Capt Ruppelt visited the
Digest Office. The visit was rather brief and they proceeded to the office of
It Col Peaberg, in the office of the Deputy for Estimates. Col Peaberg stated
that under the reorganization of the Directorate of Intelligence, Major Fournet
at AFOIN 2B3 would no longer be the contact man in Washington for unidentified
object reports. A new agency handling this coordination is under the Topical
Intelligence Division and the Current Intelligence Branch. Col Bower and It
Col Peaberg also visited the Office of Publie Information of the Air Force.
It was there decided that ATIC would send a monthly status report to these people.
This status report would be either a classified copy which they could disseminate
the information they felt was not elassified or a special unclassified report.
In addition to this, various things will be send to these people such as memorandums
for record that we feel would be of interest, ete.
While
6. /Capt Ruppelt was in the Digest Office, he received a call from Mr.
Al Chop from the PIO. Mr. Chop stated that the Washington Daily News wished
to speak to Capt uppelt but he was advised that this could not be done due to
existing regulations and that Mr. Chop would have to go through D/I channels to
get permission for this interview. Mr. Chop called back and said that the PIO
had contacted Gen Ackerman and that Gen Aokerman said in light of the faet that
there had already been publicity that the Daily News could speak to Capt Ruppelt.
He was advised however that it could not be a personal interview due to the time
element involved and that they would contact him by telephone. Capt Ruppelt ealled
the Daily News and talked to one of the reporters. He stated that he had been

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 130, "chars": 774, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
requested by Mr. Chop to call the newspaper. He answered several questions
none of which were used in the subsequent news story. One thing that he did
stress was that he was not in Washington specifically for the recent sighting.
7. A telephone call was also received from a Gen Landryts secretary.
‹She
stated that the President had requested Gen tendry to find out the details of
the sighting that had occurred in Washington on Saturday night. She was advised
that ATIC had the report and was working on it and that an evaluation would be
forthcoming.
8. While visiting Air Weather Service and Flight Service the Director of
Intelligence at MATS requested that they be put on a distribution for reports.
This was noted and they will be put on the distribution list.
bite!
