{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-10 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528166","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/166/mufon-5528166.json","updb_database_id":5528166}
light rod/ light bar/ series of photographs

I have been able to film to quite a large extent a series of light bar, light rod events that are taking place on my property. the events occur within a large , aged, oak tree. I have been noticing an increasing number of orb related activities within my property as of the last 5 months, so have been photographing more and more. With these increase of orbs, I also note, there is an increase in unusual looking insects, animals. They seem to be constantly re appearing within photos, over a period of months. They don't look particularly normal. They seem to have a highly refractive or holographic looking nature.

The light bar series, I first captured in about October 2010., I happened to be taking flash pictures within the span of the oak tree, when I noticed an illuminscent bright blue light, I could see this with my own eyes............It was about 6 inches in length, about 1 to 1/2 inches in  width, It was rectangular in shape. I kept taking photos.......... It moved around the tree, silently, but very rapidly. As I was able to look at the rod, without having to look through the camera screen, I could follow it as the flash went off, every few pictures would come up without the rod in it, but the majority of pictures I took, contained the rod. I have many pictures of the event, maybe 80 or so. This sighting has repeated itself a few times.It has changed on each occasion, the light rod went from being bright blue, to white in color, the next sighting the light rod was multicolored, the next time there were more than one rod present, there were up to four or five. The last sighting the rods interacted with each other, and while doing so, morphed into orb shaped objects. Again I have many, many photos of this activity.

With regards to the questions you ask: I was drawn to go to the tree at the specified time..........I imagine there is some form of communication , as I am capturing these events so often, how else would I know to take my camera out to start taking pictures of the tree for any other reason, However, I do also go out, and take shots, and there is nothing in view.... But I seem to get a very good % of activity when I do take photos. 
My feelings: well Im not afraid, I'm very interested.......... so I continue to take the photos.
I only loose sight of the objects because literally I have taken so many photos, my camera disk fills up and I have to go up to the computer to load the file.........

I am fascinated with what I have captured. I do not know if it is common, or if the rods are normal earth insects, that we just don't know much about.
I would like to know what your thoughts are.
