{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286166","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117223","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2743,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/166/mufon-5286166.json","updb_database_id":5286166}
Tall man with wings and red eyes

I am part of the ground crew for a major air cargo facility at O’Hare and we were working on unloading a cargo plane that had arrived earlier that evening. I was operating one of the lifts that lifts cargo containers down from the plane to the ground. It was about ten at night when the call came over our radios that there was a report of an unknown person being seen on the tarmac near the fence. I began looking around and saw a large man standing approximately fifty feet away from us, near the fence separating us from the road. He must have been close to seven feet tall, but I was not close enough to tell for sure. He was wearing what looked like a black coat and was just standing there. I radioed my supervisor that I saw someone over by the fence and my supervisor ran over to where I was at, by this time the entire ground crew was aware of this man's presence and was radioing in to their supervisors. It must have been no more than 20 seconds after that that the first of man airport security vehicles showed up. One approached the man from the other side of the fence while another two drove past us and stopped short of the man who by this time was easier to see with the car lights on him. It did not look like any man I have ever seen, he was solid black and had red eyes that must have been reflecting the lights like cats eyes, it also had wings that were now spred open and must have been 15 feet from tip to tip. This man let out a loud screech, it sounded a lot like a barn owl when it tried to warn you away. This man then started flapping its wings and took off, you could hear the sound of the wings as it took off into the air and was gone in seconds. I was honestly scared for my life and started to pray for protection. I know in this world that demons walk among us and I was certain that whatever this thing was, it had to be demonic and an agent of the devil. A lot of my coworkers were also very frightened after this thing took off and many of them ran inside the safety of the plane when it took off. I am certain that this was a demon and it must have been sent here to frighten us.
