{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-20 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514166","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44067","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2970,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/166/mufon-5514166.json","updb_database_id":5514166}
{cak} I was pulling out of the driveway onto my street headed south when I saw a hovering object with 3 large super bright pulsating lights

I was pulling out of the driveway at approximately 10:15PM to go to supermarket for bread before they closed at 11PM. I had just started up my street and immediately I saw a hovering object with 3 super bright pulsating lights. It was super close to the top of the trees and as I drove I watched it closely. First it was heading south in the same direction as I was going. I lost sight of it above the trees at the top of my street which is a hill. I kept my eyes on the sky after I came to the top of the street and came around a small curve after the hill and I could see it again. I drove my car slow around 10-15 mph because I was watching the object and not the road. It then starts to go east and ascends a little higher in the sky but still lower than any objects I typically see in the sky or have ever seen before. I continue east and try to get my cell phone out of my purse to capture a picture or video. I was now trying to keep up with the object it seemed to pick up a little speed as I try to drive, I get cell phone try to point it and watch the object in the sky. I had traveled maybe a mile at this point and the object continued east. I stopped the car and was on a residential street trying to watch the object because I can no longer go east on the streets anymore because they all run south and north for about 1/2 a mile in that area because there is a interstate and manufacturing plant to the east. The object seems to be going faster now and I started to lose it as it went northeast and totally lost it as it went to the north. I have a regular cell phone not a smartphone and it has less than a wonderful camera and by the time I got it pointed to the sky the camera doesnt work well in the dark at all doesnt have a flash or zoom. I also didn't mention that I rolled down my windows as soon as I first saw the object to try to hear what it sounded like and it was completely silent. I know it was not a helicopter or plane. It was shaped like a cigar I only saw the shape when I was parallel with it headed up the street at the beginning and it was large. The lights were large, round and had a white bluish color that appeared to pulsate. They were much, much brighter than the stars and radio tower lights as well.
