{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-10-02 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495166","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/166/mufon-5495166.json","updb_database_id":5495166}
{dr}Black triangular obect about 20 ft. wide and 30 ft. long. It was able to hang motionless about 35 ft. above the ground.

I was taking a doctoral course at Baylor University that met twice a week from 7 to 8:30 PM. After class as I was heading west, I observed a light above Lake Waco. At first, I thought it was the planet Venus; but as I kept heading west, the light was more and more to my right. So, I know it wasn't a planet or a star. Since we were not far from Fort Hood, I assumed it must have a low helicopter. 

Two nights later, I observed the same light as I was coming home, so I thought I would investigate. I crossed over the bridge and took the first exit into Speegleville Park that is on the west side of Lake Waco. As I approached the light, the craft began to move slowly west then crossed over the highway. I followed it and took the next exit that crossed over the highway. 

I saw the craft go down behind a clump of trees. I drove past the area about 100 yards, looking in my rear view mirror. I moved off on the shoulder, facing southeast, turned off my lights but left my engine running. 

After a few minutes, I observed the craft slowing rising from the tree area and moved toward my direction. It came to rest just to the right of my vehicle, about 35 feet in the air just on the other side of a fence and a power line which was about 20 feet above the ground. The craft made absolutely no sound but was able to remain motionless. 

I could see the cockpit and observed 3 small heads peering down at me. There was a green hue in the cockpit. After about 5 minutes, the craft shined a green light toward my car, causing the engine to die. I tried starting it to no avail. Also, my lights nor radio would work. It was then that I got nervous and locked my doors. 

Finally, after trying to get my engine to start every 2-3 minutes, it finally started after about 20 minutes. I drove my car down the road about 150 yards where I turned on my lights and did a U-turn. 

When I passed the craft which was now on my left, it made no attempt to follow me. As I got back on the highway to go home, I could see that it was still there. 

(My background includes 2 years of Air Force ROTC, 2 years active duty in the U.S. Army with a Top Secret Clearance, and six years in the Texas State Guard as a commissioned officer.)
