{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-01 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468166","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92439","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/166/mufon-5468166.json","updb_database_id":5468166}
{td} saw a well lit triangular object traveling at a very high rate of speed

let me start by saying that One of my hobbies is amateur astronomy. I've spent many nights freezing my butt off, or battling mosquitoes for my life, staring at the night sky with either my telescope or my binoculars. Well, last night after the rain had passed and the skies had cleared, I was outside my workplace on break looking up at Jupiter and trying to identify the surrounding constellations, When something moving caught my eye. My first thought was, oh cool, the International Space Station! But no, the ISS is only visible to the naked eye just after sunset or just Before Sunrise, this was 11:30 p.m. it was moving way too fast to be either a plane or a satellite. and way way too slow to be a meteor and passed almost directly overhead. it was well-lit, no red or green lights, and had a distinctive triangular shape with lights at each point. as for estimating its speed, the ISS travels at about 17,500 miles an hour and is visible for a few minutes from Horizon until it disappears into the Earth's shadow. whatever I saw covered that distance in about 30 seconds. As for altitude, If it was flying above 30 to 40 thousand feet, the average cruising altitude for commercial airliners, this thing would have been absolutely huge for me to be able to see its shape. Without knowing it's true size it is really impossible for me to venture a guess as to what it's actual altitude was, but it didn't appear to be really high up. but for someone who has spent a lifetime with a crick in their neck from staring at the night sky, I saw something flying that I could not readily identified from past experience. by the very definition of the term, I saw an unidentified flying object. I shared my story on Facebook, I now know of two other people that have seen similar objects in the past couple of weeks in our region.
