{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-15 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292166","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111159","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/166/mufon-5292166.json","updb_database_id":5292166}
Set of four lights, moved through trees,changing orienation and shape

My history- four years in Canadian military, now a retired police office with 28 years service, in multiple roles, from uniform patrol, to collision investigations, criminal investigations, and fraud investigations. 

I was camping at site 5 on Clear Lake in Massassauga Park, mid October, 2015. I was with another retired police officer, also ex military. (Doesn't want to be ID at this time). 
At appoximately 23:00 hrs, i observed a group of four bluish white lights appear in the woodline , across the lake. The distance was approximately 100-200 metres. This woodline is on a steep cliff, on a strip of land on the south side of Clear Lake. We had a clear and unobstructed view of these lights. They were initially approx. 3-5 metres off the ground, and arranged a a square configuration. The lights moved in a westerly direction, through the trees, appearing behind some trees at some points, then appearing in front of the trees at others. The four lights changed intensity, from a whitish colour to a bluish colour. They also changed their orientation, sometimes appearing in a square shape, then moving to a diamond shape, and a linear shape as well. They continued moving west through the tree line, until reaching what i know to be an outlet from Clear Lake into anothet lake access. I joked that if the lights crossed this gap and continued towards where we were camped, i was getting in the canoe and paddling out. 
These lights remained visible for aproximately ten minutes, however, it may have been a little longer or shorter.
There was absolutely no sound, as would have been expected if the lights were being carried by someone. 
I got very little sleep that night, and in the morning, we paddled over to the tree line to have a look. I was expecting to find a line or string that the lights could have been suspended on, however, there was nothing. The hill/cliff is quite steep and heavily treed. It would have presented quite a challege to move through.
I initially believed that the lights had been projected onto the treeline, however, they moved "through' the trees, and changed changed their configuration.
We were apparently the only occupied camp site on Clear Lake. It was a clear crisp night, and other camp sites would have been clearly visible had they been occupied. I did not see any other people during our 5 day stay. I only saw these lights on the one occasion.
What was interesting to note is that my iphone was close at hand, yet we never thought to record these lights. It was almost like i was mesmerized by what i was seeing. I cant explain it.
I told my wife about the lights, but nobody else as didnt want to be thought of as 'that guy'.

This sighting has bothered me since it occurred. I spoke with a friend of mine, a commercial airline pilot, and he could offer no explanation for what i had seen.

I consider myself open minded to 'lights in the sky', snd I cannot come up with a reasonable explanation for what i saw.
