{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-22 04:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525166","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30630","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4139,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/166/mufon-5525166.json","updb_database_id":5525166}
Pulsating UFO spotted in Wimberley, TX.

I was driving home from a friends house with 2 other friends at about 4 am. I remember looking at the clock in my car on the way home and seeing 4:00 exactly, so it was probably 4:08 when I first noticed it. When I pulled onto my street an extremely bright star caught my eye over the tree line somewhere behind the end of my street, a dead end- at my neighbors house. I didn't bring it up to my friends because they get tired of me talking about the sky, and I know that and didn't think too much of this star, anyway. Though, by the time I parked I though it may of been Venus. I pulled into our car port (perpendicular to, and facing away from the street- for detail) but I was still looking at the thing, that had apparently moved behind us, still over the tree line, but really bright. I told my friends I was gonna stay out here and they should too, but when I turned to look at them, they were already inside. So I walked onto the street, right on the property line between me and my neighbor and that's when I realized that I couldn't see any other stars anywhere near it because it was below the clouds and way bigger than a star. The moon was behind the clouds at this time of night and was illuminating them tremendously. I remember seeing the clouds moving surprisingly fast, as it was very still that night. The big sphere of light started to pulsate very slowly but on a big scale. At it's dimmest I could clearly make out 3 lights in an equilateral triangle on the bottom of something, but I couldn't completely distinguish the craft. It was either round or possibly a circle that was slimmed down to a more triangular shape but kept the rounded edges. It's still hard to tell how far away it was, but the more I think about and stand in the same spot I realize that it had to have been closer than I initially thought. Anyway, at it's brightest it was completely engulfed by and centered in what looked like a perfect sphere of light. It hovered and went through a full cycle starting at it's brightest and ending at it's brightest. I was facing northeast and after 1 cycle it moved left to right fairly slowly but very smoothly, while keeping the brightest on, stopped again and made 2 cycles and stopped at it's brightest. I called my friend inside that does believe in ET's, UFO's, and such (as do I), but he either didn't hear or understand me because he never came outside. The UFO moved slightly to the right again, stopped, and made one more cycle. After that cycle it moved slowly behind the trees to the right and I couldn't get another view of it. The clouds were moving really fast against the UFO's path the entire time. 

At the time I knew the camera lens on my iPhone 4 is very scratched up and wouldn't have gotten anything that looked like anything, and the reverse camera would've meant looking away from the UFO for longer than I wanted too. My actual camera was in my room dead, the battery charger was stolen from a hotel room. So I tried to get a witness but both candidates were too tired. I thought this was a really cool sighting, being someone who believes in and studies these things, but I decided to report it when 1 1/2 weeks later, while standing about 20 yards from the other sighting and facing the other direction almost 180 degrees, me and the more skeptical friend of the 2 in the other sighting (the one I didn't call), saw something else in the sky that was completely different and cured his skepticism. I will detail this sighting in a second report soon.
