{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-31 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502166","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56852","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2613,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/166/mufon-5502166.json","updb_database_id":5502166}
{dr}started as only one then 13. different directions, formed a triangle, moved in unison, appeared then disappeared appeared again red glowing balls

My husband and I were driving down 17-A and I saw a red light just sitting in the sky over the summerville grave yard. I told my husband to look. He said "its just one of those radio towers" Then it moved! It started floating all over the sky changing directions with ease. I couldn't hold it in much longer "baby, that's a UFO!!!!! Oh my God Oh my God Oh my God!!!" Suddenly it disappeared. My husband and I decided to turn around and look for it. After a few mins of looking, it came back, so we followed it down a short cut rd. next to the graveyard. Right as we were getting directly under it, it shot straight up into the sky, and was gone! It was so exciting! My husband said "I wish it were more than just a ball of light." Just then, it was back, but this time it was 4 lights. One leading the way and 3 others forming a perfect triangle, following in perfect unison with the first across the sky. I didn't get the feeling that it was one large object that formed the triangle, I felt like it was 3 different craft moving together. After about 5 or so minutes, they all disappeared. We were driving around looking for it and saw one coming from the left of the street, so we pulled over at the piggly wiggly to get a better view. Then 13 different objects one at a time, sometimes 2 at a time went from the left side of the sky to the right. They appeared out of nowhere on the left, then disappeared on the right. My husband said he was happy that he was with me cuz he would never have believed me if I told him. Another couple noticed it too when they saw us pointing to the sky, but I didn't get their names. It was the most AMAZING thing I have ever seen! I had my camera's but they wouldn't focus and take the shot. I recorded with my cell phone but i don't know if you can see it. I have to get a memory card for my phone to put the footage on.
