{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471166","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89314","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/166/mufon-5471166.json","updb_database_id":5471166}
{dr}We observed multiple lights in the sky, moving then stoppeing, then turning off, and on, in formation

In the fall of 1967 I was a student at UMass, in Amherst, Massachusetts, in Western Mass about 1/2 hour north of Springfield. I lived in the Orchard Hill dorms. On a September or October night a group of friends and myself walked thru the Orchard, crossed East Pleasant Street and continued to the Railroad tracks where there was a one story tower with an elevated platform, maybe 15 feet off the ground. We were hanging out up there when we noticed some lights in the sky moving around. About 10 or 12 of them As we watched they made a formation and then stopped in mid-air. No sounds. They were very small and hard to judge how far away they were.  As this amazing thing was happening someone shouted 'this can't be happening!" and the lights disappeared disappeared
   We looked around, and were all concentrating on what had just happened. Soon, maybe a minute later, the lights came back on, and were in motion and formed a vertical formation in mid air and then stopped-a vertical formation but with a few in the formation near the top- I forget exactly but they were not all in one line, just most of them. We stared. Again someone shouted..." this can't be happening!!" and the lights went out.
  Again we looked and searched the sky for them and lo and behold they re-appeared but now they were closer, so much closer that I could now perceive a moderate spinning, what was before seen as one light per object now was seen as a somewhat spinning sphere/disc with slightly flashing lights, but they were still far away, if I had to guess I'd say 1 or 2 miles  
   This time, as they were getting closer, I had to really think about what I would do if they landed  because these UFOs- I call them objects now because I could see some manifestation of that, the spinning, the flashing, that was not happening at the onset. They had been tiny lights in the distance at first sight, but now they were indeed getting closer and I decided for sure I would not go towards them but would definitely run in the opposite direction! Once again our concentration was interrupted by a shout or an expletive and they were gone, in the blink of an eye. It was obvious to me that we had something to do with the lights appearing and disappearing. When we focused they turned on, when we were in disbelief they turned off
  We left the Coal Tower and walked down East Pleasant street to town to grab a grinder. About 3 minutes into the walk a huge cigar shaped craft whooshed by us over the tree tops. This was really close. It was also silent but for the air friction. 
 Why didn't we report this?  I don't know, we were 19 and 20 then, but I'm glad I looked for and found this site to put it in the record
