{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-26 17:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492338","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67203","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/338/mufon-5492338.json","updb_database_id":5492338}
{rjl} Traveling north on Bellingrath rd in Theodore AL about a mile from Bellingrath Gardens and right past Delchamps road observed a cylindrical object hovering over marsh and river. Pulled over to get a better look and observed object for 2 minutes .

Was traveling north on Bellingrath road about a mile from Bellingrath Gardens and right past Delchamps road. As I went around the bend of the road noticed a glimmer of light out of the right side of my windshield in the sky which at first I thought was a reflection of a plane. When my eyes focused on the object which I believe was 500 to 1000 feet away I realized it was not a plane. It was cylindrical in shape so I stopped to see what it was. When I got out of the car it appeared to be stationary. The object looked to be 30-100 feet long. Two dark stripes evenly spaced on the object and it had what looked to be be 4-5 black circles in the middle of the craft which I guess could be considered windows. I wiewed the object in disbelief for around 2 minutes. It eventually started to move due east at a constant speed and I lost sight of it in the trees.I did see a helicopter heading in the oposite direction a half mile down the road as I left wondering if they had seen the same thing. I was in total disbelief and could not believe no one else noticed it. While I was stopped 2-3 cars passed by behind me but I could not take my eyes off of this thing. It was so strange. I figured when I got out of the car that I would eventually see wings or something on it but it was just hanging there in the sky like an extended shiny can of beans with no label. That is the best way I can describe it. My heart is still racing after some time not seeing wings on this thing.The object looked to be metallic in nature and emitted no sound.I will never forget this day.
