{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-19 12:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494338","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65140","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/338/mufon-5494338.json","updb_database_id":5494338}
heard loud roar, went outside and looked up an there it was.

Sunday, April 19th, 2015 I had been working down in my woodshop at my residence. About noon I went into the house for lunch. As soon as I sat down to eat I heard a loud roar, not unlike the sound of a military jet, but this was distinctively different. As soon as I stood up to go outside to investigate, my two year old border collie bolted through the open front door ( she had been outside) and got right next to me I got the feeling she was frightened. Proceeding outside on the front steps I looked up to the sky in the perceived direction of the noise which by now was diminishing. The sun was at it's zenith and about ten degrees or so to the left side and below the sun in relation to the horizon is where I spotted the object. At the moment I first saw this thing it appeared to be moving. Returning inside I retrieved my camera and ran back outside. The object was difficult to film as it's close proximity to the sun (from my point of view)destroyed the resolution.The first image I actually had to hold my hand up to shield my lens from the sun. I live in a remote wooded area with plenty of wildlife and it is great place for avian wildlife. The thing I noticed was that all manner of birds where flying about and appeared to be agitated, which I felt was unusual for the time of day. The object was viewable for over two and as the sun tracked further west the object become more viewable. As this happened, more aircraft appeared and where chem-trailing the sky below the object. Granted the jets had been chem-trailing prior to the sighting, but in a north to south direction. When the object became more visible though, due to the sun tracking away, the aircraft started to chem-trail in an east to west direction as if to obscure the object. After about 2 hours of viewing, I went back to work in my shop, occasionally going outside to see if it was still there. It was barley visible for awhile, but then became obscured due to the high artificial cloud cover. The next day (Monday) I told a co-worker of my experience and a close friend (whom I showed my images) to say the least both people where amazed. Thursday, April 23rd,2015, the local weekly paper (The Modoc County Record) published a story of this sighting, written by a well known local Ufologist, Jean Bilodeaux of Cederville California, complete with a photograph of the purported object. I must say, it looks nothing like what I photographed. In fact, unless the image was reversed it was not even from the same angle as I knew where the object was positioned in the sky. The article concludes that it was most likley a product of Google's "Project Loon". Loon Balloon indeed! 

Thanks for reading my account, [witness name removed/dr/cms]
