{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501338","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57721","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3448,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/338/mufon-5501338.json","updb_database_id":5501338}
{nd} Fleet of Orange UFO's Seen Travelling From East To West Over Bellingham,WA

I was Standing on my back upper deck of my home with my Panasonic Lumix
DMZ-FZ8 camera to catch the Forth of July fireworks that are shot over the Bellingham bay.
Before the fireworks began I noticed an Orange object just appear(It looked like it was falling) in the sky above my head, and then it vanishes.
I have spotted the same craft on two other evenings but the pics came out
all squiggly before. This time I had my camera on a different setting and
I caught this group of photos as they passed over.
I must relate an unusual aspect of these objects; They briefly appear and
then seem to vanish as if they are slipping in and out of our dimension
if you will. It is hard to grasp the intensity of this event unless you
see the full group of at least 100 photos I took that night.
Apparently These same objects have been seen from Texas to Canada all
heading from east to west.
I have been photographing UFO's for nearly 20 years; Almost all seen in this current day are our own Black Budget Projects I am sorry to say;
But I must say these objects travel in such an odd manner as if they are skipping in and out of our own dimension.
They appear and then disappear as they pass toward the west.
Never before have these objects gotten directly overhead as they did on this evening. These shots are the perfect circles of varying colors.
As the fireworks were nearing an end. I photographed one of these craft
stopping and hovering near the fireworks display as if they were enjoying the show as well.
Hopefully MUFON will request all of my photos for analysis.
One photograph I took appears to show an actual physical craft.
I cannot wait for the analysis of this photo!
