{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-15 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523338","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32626","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2463,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/338/mufon-5523338.json","updb_database_id":5523338}
Boomerang craft with 6-7 white lights

15 Oct 2011: I am getting VERY hesitant to report more of these sightings since it often seems that we are the only ones seeing these unidentified craft in our metro area. However, there were two other boomerang objects reported for Nebraska in September and another seen in Iowa last night as well. So after my girlfriend observed this one, I felt it was important to document for 1the record1.

At approx 11pm, she had stepped out on the small deck of an apartment on the 2nd floor of a 3-floor building in the area of 74th and Maple Streets. While glancing up to her left (east) she observed a boomerang or triangle shaped craft gliding in an open area of the sky between some tree branches and the roof of the apartment building. Total viewing time was 2-3 seconds, but she was dumbfounded by how low it was without any sound or other normal nav lights or strobes. She states that it had seven white lights with one at the point and then three on each side equally spaced. She lost sight of it when it passed over the roof of the apartment building.

There is nothing scientific to study here. No photos/video or any other physical evidence. I guess you can have someone contact us, but there really isn1t much to follow up on. We simply want it known that we are still witnessing these anomalous craft in the Omaha area. Suffice to say, there are many possible scenarios about what these objects might be. I have been reading some information online that is quite unscientific from 1channeled1 entities. Having researched this subject myself with a great deal of interest since December 2008, I have to say this channeled info seems quite far-fetched, yet it really makes sense on many levels. I guess things are to really gain momentum for disclosure in the next few months. There is a petition to sign on Whitehouse.org as well.
