{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-27 18:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456338","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2730,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/338/mufon-5456338.json","updb_database_id":5456338}
Thought this object was a planet suck as Venus or Mars, but after careful viewing saw object was rapidly changing direction

I had just pulled in from a drive from Hinton AB, to 108 Mile Ranch BC, and went to poke my head out the side door of my Uncle’s house to view the yard as this was my first time visiting at 6:05 pm PT. Upon opening the door and appreciating the clear sky I looked past the tree line approx 1.5-2 km SW of 108 Mile Ranch towards Lily Pad Lake at what I thought was the planet Venus or Mars based on its star like appearance and orange to red glow. Upon careful viewing I realized this object was not a planet and was in fact moving in all directions without any apparent pattern. It may fall below tree line and then hover up into clear view and the right, left, etc. Was not moving as any plane or helicopter would be capable of doing. Movement was generally localized but very obvious even at a distance. The object had an orange to red glow with some degree of flickering or maybe even slight colour change. Once I had confirmed for myself what I was seeing I pointed the object out to my co-travellers (3) as I was in complete disbelief and shock. All 3 other witnesses confirmed my observations and continued to watch the object with me from the side deck. When I began to scan the sky along the same horizon I noticed an identical object following a similar flight directly to the south. Objects could have been a km or less apart. I would watch the objects and then go inside at about 5 minute intervals. I repeated this about 3 times until on my last viewing the objects had completely disappeared from the sky and to the best of my knowledge did not reappear, although is possible I still saw movement without light being emitted, however I cannot confirm. 

I will attach the video, but it does not show much other than maybe the colour of the first object. Apologies for language and poor quality in advance. I gave up when I didn’t feel the video would work
