{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-13 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504338","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5996,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/338/mufon-5504338.json","updb_database_id":5504338}
My Girlfriend and I witnessed a Fire like sphere on the edge of the lake/shore. We thought it was a fire but was UFO, saw

On the Evening of Augast 13 2012 my girl friend and I were walking beside a lake in Sudbury Ontario and saw what we thought was a fire or fire ball on the far side of the lake. As we watched what we thought was a fire on the other side of the small lake ( 150 feet away or so), we noticed short and obese looking kids walking around the fire. My girl friend said they look like puffy kids or fat kids. I suggested it looked like the Michelin Man because of how the arms were extended out and puffy looking/short. Approximately a minute or two later we noticed what we thought was a camera flash or an arc flash and the fiery sphere/ball lifted about 2 or 3 feet off the ground and turned into 2 firey balls. Within a few seconds we watched as the one on the right slowly ascended into the sky on what looked like a set trajectory as it steadily ascended up and to the right in the sky until it was out of sight. Immediately after the first one disappeared the second one ascended at the same trajectory almost exactly. After these two UFO's and entities were out of sight, I almost immediately said let's have a look at what's over there and see if we can find any evidence of the crafts/orbs. After some convincing my girlfriend agreed to go look with me, however we weren't able to find anything as it was getting very dark and we weren't prepared with flash lights. So basically After a quick glance in the general area of the landing spot we decided to go home and come back in the day. So the next day I came back and looked during the day but had dificulty finding anything at all. This is where it really get's interesting/ weird. I returned the following evening to the shore line that I saw the orbs/crafts with a flash light and began a stake out of the area. Wihtin minutes weird stuff started to happen I heard all kinds of strange banging in the woods behind the shoreline where I stood, and almost immediately after the banging I heard a huge splash in the water. This splash scared the hell out of me, it was very close to me, I was very scared and thought something shot a boulder in the water close to me. However upon closer examination, and after a short dash and regaining my senses as well as jolt of curiosity I decided to stay and find out what was going on. A minute or two later I spoted a long snake like creature with a big head and shiny glossy eyes. This creature was not like any snake I've ever seen and I quickly realized this creature was responsible for the loud splashes. I have never seen anything snake like cause such a loud splash, almost like a warning to get away from the area. I did become very freightened to be honest, however I couldn't help but probe this creature/serpent as I dubbed it. I began to signal this serpent with my flash light with 3 quick flashes at it, when I did this it would always come over to the shore within a few feet of me and swim/ snake by and create huge splashes. I got several good looks at it and can't relate this serpent to anything else I've ever seen. This thing could wip the water with it's tail or possibly a wing as I could not see what was causing the splash as it always happened so fast, this creature would do laps back and forth in the area that I saw the orbs/crafts landed, and it would splash around me if I tried to get close to the water or if I kept flashing my light at it, the serpent would splash and swim/snake side to side away. I noticed it never went under water it always had it's big gead out of the water, this thing had a python like head but it was no python, it was approximately 4 or 5 feet long and almost a foot thick looking at it's thickest/tallst part of its body. I saw all kinds of weird bumps and prehistoric looking features on it's body through the water, with my flash light shining on it. I watched this creature swim around for several nights as fall came too. It was very cold out in October and this serpent was still there to be found every night around 9 oclock it would come around, I could never see it during the day. Now I live in Northern Canada/ Ontario, we don't have predatory looking snakes like this, the biggest we have are small rattle snakes in parrysound/ French River Ontario area. I have never spotted one myself, and any water snake I have ever seen looked nothing like this Serpent/creature. I once shot small rocks at it and it was very distant after that, almost like it was intelligent and began to see me as a threat. I did try to snap photo's of this but it was too hard to gain any detail in the dark. I do swear this all to be true, I did not wish to name the lake as I do not want any harm to come to this serpent. I decided eventually to leave it alone, something told me not to speak of the event to anyone other than family. I am now coming forward with this event, in conclusion I did not see any other craft sightings in the days that followed the initial sighting, but did spot the serpent numerous times and it was bizarre. My girlfriend also came and saw it too, she can verify this story. I would also like to mention that no boats are aloud on this lake and it's essentially a safe haven for geese as their are no motor boats allowed on the lake. I would be willing to say which lake, just not on this public description.
