{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-18 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503338","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3373,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/338/mufon-5503338.json","updb_database_id":5503338}
{rjl} Saw a line of lights with some flashing towards the Covington, WA area. It seemed to hover. Then moved towards and possibly past Covington, WA

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? I was letting our dog outside and saw a line of lights inbetween the trees to the NorthEast.
I have a Kent, WA address but live near the City of Covington, WA border.

2. What made you first notice the object?
It was soo straight in a very long/wide way and flashing and seemed to be colorful in a pretty way.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it? I thought it was a plane but it was not moving at first that I could tell soo I called to my mother and asked her opionin. We both watched it and it then seemed to be moving the wrong direction. If it were a plane with lights, it should be moving towards us, not away. It stayed low and very slowly moved out of site behind the trees to the NorthEast over Covington, WA. If I had to guess... I would say it was close to a mile away.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
 Lots of lights in a very straight line, must have been huge object, random flashing lights was more than what planes have that fly over our house and planes are much higher over the tree lines. Could not see a shape, it was dark at about 10:15 pm We watched it for about 10 minutes before we could no longer see it. Oddly, it did not seem to get smaller as it moved away, it must have been large, perhaps it only moved slowly behind the trees, by moving slightly to the right.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
Feelings: Excited that it was not a plane and glad it was not over my home! 
Reactions: Staring confused/wondering why the plane has so many lights and not moving towards us as a plane would. Then, excited yelling for my mom to come and dad to get the binoculars to see the odd object to confirm whether I was correct in thinking the plane should be getting closer/moving. Mom said "quiet" "I don't hear a sound, do you?" No sound was heard. Dad was too slow and so mom and I just watched it stay there, then, slowly move behind trees. Dad didn't seem to care and continued to watch tv. It did not appear to change size, it did not get bigger or smaller as it moved. So, I suppose it could be moving away from us and was just huge or only just hid behind the trees, by moving slightly to our right.
Immediately After: Mom went to bed, dad watched tv and I kept looking outside to see if were there but nope. I decided to submit my sighting about 30min later. Watched some tv on my computer and went to bed not too soon after that. However, I asked my parents and they cant remember if I stayed up to watch tv or not. haha
