{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-11 11:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2703,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5530869.json","updb_database_id":5530869}
I was on my back porch smoking when I looked up and noticed a ball of light.

I was on my back pourch smoking when I looked up and notice a ball of light. At first I thought it was a satellite, but when the ball got brighter I notice a halo like around the ball. I ran in grabed my camera and started filming.
At first I could not see the ball, then it liked appeared out of nowhere.I only got about 20 SECS. of the ball on video before it disappeared on me. after I stopped my camera,the ball reappeared over my apartment. I tried to film again,but the sun was kinda in the way.
The ball at first did not move, it just hovered in one spot,but the halo around the ball looked like fan blades I could see it change from a light gray to kinda black. I could hear no sound. the ball was moving south east, more to the east.
I could feel a tingle like sensation going through my body at the time i was filming. The sensation lasted till I walked back indoors, then it was more of a excited feeling that came over me

Second sighting

 07/17/2010 @ Approximate 2:30 pm 

I was at the park with my son (the park is located in Beaverton Oregon next to Southridge High School.) when I caught this bright ball out of the corrner of my eye. when I looked up, it looked like the same ball of light I had seen the other day.
What makes this one diffrent was I notice three jet planes flying around this ball. the planes circled around the ball for a few minutes then they took off. the ball was moving real slow towards the south east, moving more eastward.
The ball continued to move real slow,some trees got in my way of view, so when I moved to get a better look I had lost sight of it.
I did not bring my camera with me. now I wished I did.
With this sighting I felt nothing as to feelings, just a few people walking by asking me what was i looking at, when I told them they just laughed and walked on.
