{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69735","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3805,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5489869.json","updb_database_id":5489869}
{jpg} Multiple experiences in local when less then 5 years old, my brother, neighbor, other kids and I abducted.

Location: the end of Green Valley, in Suisun/Fairfield, CA, at the end of Green Valley Road.
When: around 1973 (I was less than 5 years old)
Who: my brother, neighbors, myself and other kids were affected
What: This is based on recollections after the fact that have been pieced together over many years.

I recall a number of times waking up in the middle of the night outside of my house in my jammies. My brother was usually with me, as were my neighborhood kids. Sometimes I'd 'awaken' closer to my house, other times I was way down in the field north/north-east of my neighbor's house. I have memories of sometimes going back to bed after 'awakening', and other times I don't remember how I got back to bed.

I remember going with my brother once down to the field by our neighbors house during the day and seeing marks on the ground, and I have a very upset feeling about them, such that I don't want to recall them. They terrify me. My brother saw them as well.

I have a this memory of seeing figures once down in the field. I don't remember what time of day this occurred. I can't confirm the color or height of the beings but they were humanoid but not human. No other positive details about this.

There was an windmill for a well amongst the bushes past our neighbors field and I was terrified of that area. I felt like something was there. This is the field where the marks were found.

I also have memories of white blue light coming in the back windows of our house and both my brother and I sometimes being out in the light. This is the opposite side of the house from our neighbor's field. I have the distinct impression that a craft was causing the light. We were in a deep narrow valley, with our back yard butting very close up against a steep hill such that no human vehicle could have descended down to a point to cause such lights - and why would they?

Additionally I have a memory of a classic saucer shaped craft in a different field, next to the house on the other side of us from the one mentioned before. There were multiple lights on it that were colored but mostly whitish. Again there was my brother and multiple neighboring kids there along with me.

Another occurrence was when I was playing during the day in my bedroom. I was playing with my toy kitchen and drawing. I had this entity with me communicating with me empathically. There were no formal words, just a sense of intention. Eventually I wanted to draw a picture of the entity and it indicated that I was doing the eyes wrong and had me look at it to get the eyes correct. I then become very upset because the eyes are not normal human shaped but large, dark, slanted, almond shaped eyes. The entity didn't want me to become upset. It then left by climbing out the window. I realize after it left that the window is closed so I become even more upset. This occurrence happened during the summer or spring because I remember it being sunny and warm outside, it was the middle of the day, but I didn't have my window open. That's why my noticing that the window was actually closed sticks out.
