{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-13 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38115","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4018,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5518869.json","updb_database_id":5518869}
My Trangular Craft Experience .. March 13, 1997 Southern California

On the week of March 13, 1997, I was visiting my family in Palm Desert, California. On this particular night my sister and I were walking home (to my moms) after spending most of the day with friends. At approx 8:00pm we were walking through the Indian Wells Golf course which was kind of like a short cut for us at the time. There is a dried up wash that cuts right through the golf course and while we were crossing this wash we both looked straight up and thats when we both grabbed each others hand out of both excitement and fear and we both started asking each other, "...do you see that? do you see that???". What we were both looking at was by far the biggest craft we have ever seen flying/hovering in mid air. . We both then decided to lay down on our backs and watch it pass since it was directly over us. we layed down in the center of the wash that runs from west to east where we were located..Our heads were facing east as The Craft appeared to be heading in that direction. What kept going through my mind while watching this was, "...how can something this huge fly that slow?" ... It was almost as if it were hovering yet we could both tell it was slowly moving east and directly over us.. The Craft was almost a perfect triangular shape and was very dark and solid on the surface. It was not shiney or wavey or anything like that at all. Infact, I just seen the videos about the Arizona Lights for the very first time about two months ago and shared it with my sister and we both agree that that was the same ship we seen.. Only in the re-creations that the OFOHunters made it was shiney and almost reflective looking. Im going to have to disagree and say that it was more like several different sized rectangular and sqare "sections" or "panels" that were over lapping each other on some parts of the craft and some were protruding from it meaning there were several sections that were different heights then others so it wasnt a "perfectly flat" bottom like i seen in those videos. 
Again, the thing that kept going through my mind was how can something as big as this be flying so slowly over us the way it is. I was trying to take in as much as possible but it was just too big. I remember looking to my left and then to my right while laying down there to see if I could locate the ends of this triangle and was just shocked at how long the span of this was. 
Then I seen two lights (one on each end of what would be considered to be the back) that were more like soft, but very large orbs light up, then two more that were closer together then the other two lit up then finally another large orb lit up in the front and then suddenly it shot off like a rocket straight up and to the north without a sound....
My sister and I were freaked out and couldnt wrap our minds around what it was we just seen. we immediately ran to our Parents Home and told them what happened and we all went outside and couldnt find any trace of anything. 
This Sighting lasted for nearly 10 seconds. id say between 8-10 seconds max. 
We havent met anyone else yet who may have also seen this large craft in that area. But according to Arizona and Nevada there were multiple sightings of this same craft so maybe there is a pattern of some kind? Thanks for reading and allowing me to share this exerience here. 
Peace and Bright Blessings~
