{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-09-20 01:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70768","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3347,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5488869.json","updb_database_id":5488869}
Driving with family in car UFO passed overhead

I am telling about this incident to see if anyone else may have seen a similar craft. As far as I know its the only one of this type of craft reported anyway this is what happened.
About 20 years ago myself wife and two children are driving home from a friends place in Vancouver B.C. to our home in Surrey B.C. a 30 min. drive. The route we took takes us right passed YVR our international Airport as we drove passed we seen two planes land and that was it we were passed the Airport. Around 2 minutes later my wife who was driving the car southbound say's what the hell are these bright lights they are blinding me I cant see the road. I said it must be a plane landing but we were way past the airport just slow down and don't look at them and we will be ok, she is panicking saying she cant see anything. So I was in the passenger seat and I rolled down my window as fast as I could stuck my head way out the window and got a perfect view of this thing. It no longer had the bright lights on, there was also no navigation or beacon lights of any kind nor was there any sound or signs of propulsion. It was about 300 ft. off the ground and traveling approx.50 mph allot slower than the last 2 planes we just seen land. Now comes the real strange part the bottom of this craft looked like it had 20ft by 10ft sheets of very thick black steel which were attached together by at least 2-4ft.massive welds I have never seen anything with welds that big. I wanted to get some idea of the overall size of this thing but it fit so well into the dark sky it made it hard to see at all never mind judge the overall size. As it past over and you could sort of make out the back edge it was just as nuts it looked like it was just these super thick sheets of steel floating along. I asked my wife to stop the car so I could get a better look at it she replied with no f'n way in the world can you make me stop this car.
So I started to think what could this possibly be maybe there were heavy lift choppers but I would have noticed them for sure. I am a certified aerospace machinist by trade over the years built subs for the Australian military, helicopters, planes for Boeing and Cessna. Needless to say I know a man made air craft when I see one. The one we seen that night was possibly man made but not with human technology this thing looked evil it was not built for a pleasure cruise. I hate to admit it but it scared me also no matter who built it. 
We were so freaked out I even phoned the airport to see if something big or military came in.
The tower said nothing and gave a little giggle typical.

The reason I contacted you is I was wondering I you have had any other similar version to mine
