{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-09 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73857","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2443,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5485869.json","updb_database_id":5485869}
5 orb like lights hovering and moving and hovering

There was 4 to 5 lights hovering around 1 or light or what looks to be like an orb these other lights seem to go around or away from and follow the main light. the main light moved or reminded me of playing with a joystick game . there looks to be what was lights or beams or something go between them and random sequence as if they were communicating and then they would move. they would go forward they would go up there would go down but the lights behind to the main or did not move unless the first one made a signal. I tried recording it on my cell phone but my cell phone shows nothing but black.so I don't think it was able to catch them. we thought it was a satellite at first until after standing there and watching it go up and down and side to side and then the other lights joined it we knew then it was not a satellite. we stood and watched it for over an hour these lights have not been seen in that exact spot since doing this. we have researched to see if there was satellites in the area at that time in outer space that could have been this or airplanes or anything and there was not that we could find. shortly after we stood outside for an hour it was 11 o'clock at night we have children so we came inside thinking of is really neat a helicopter was going by towards that direction. we thought it was neat I called a good friend of mine and told them about the incident and they have family who works with satellites in the US so they called to ask and there was nothing up there at that time they they knew of. so I'm not sure what could have been. the orbs that were moving like that had moved and never been seen in that spot again but they have been seen and different section of Douglas harbour while watching across the lake once since then but nothing else since
