{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-15 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2816,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5524869.json","updb_database_id":5524869}
2nd sighting today of a bright white cigar shaped object with dark center

I made an earlier report today about object we saw at 7:20 pm. After we saw that object I came inside to file the report, then went back outside with my husband onto the side porch. This was about 8:15 pm. The sky was still clear and blue, not dark yet at all. An object caught my eye in the sky and I pointed it out to him. We both saw an object that was basically the same as the first one we saw, moving in the exact opposite direction, as if it were the same object we saw earlier returning from wherever it had gone. The object was cigar shaped, about the size of an long Ibuprofen pill. It was bright white, as if made of glowing white light, with a dark spot in the center. My husband grabbed the binoculars and we both saw that this time there were NOT flames coming out of one end, but when we saw it earlier it definately appeared to have flames coming out as if propelled by them. It was moving to the southwest, towards the general area of Yale. We watched it for about 4 mins, and it got smaller and smaller as if moving farther away. We lost sight of it once it passed the treeline, by this time it was quite small. My husband and I are both educated, sober, healthy and solid of mind. We know what most "normal" things in the sky look like. This had NO wings. It was not an airplane. I know it is possible that this object was metallic, and reflecting light from the sun, and that is why it appeared so brightly white. However it did not seem metallic or manmade to me whatsoever, it seemed to be made of white light. If it was manmade, it was of some material I am not aware of. A few hours ago I was searching YouTube for "cigar shaped ufo's", and I was surprised to see videos posted that looked EXACTLY like what we saw. I have seen a Stealth Bomber fly through the sky before, and they appear quite otherworldy and totally silent, eerie. I know that the government and Armed Forces most likely have/are testing new technologies and crafts that we the public aren't aware of yet. Perhaps this cigar shaped thing is one of those? I do not know, but it was most definately Unidentified and Unexplained, and quite exhilirating to see.
