{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-10 08:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111461","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5291869.json","updb_database_id":5291869}
Shiny, sort of cigar-shaped, hanging in the air. Could not determine either size or height, as no point of reference.

I was front-seat passenger in a car which was being driven by my husband. Also in the car was one of our grandsons, at the time aged 9, who was in the rear seat area. We were taking our grandson to schoolin Slindon, West Sussex. We had driven along Ford Lane, and turned into North End Road, Yapton, West Sussex. We were in a small queue waiting for the level crossing gates to raise (North End Road/Lake Lane level crossing). Something made me look up, at a point in the road where there was an entrance to farm fields, and I saw a shiny, silver object in the sky. 
The object was long, the same size all the way along, and the ends were slightly curved (convex). It wasn't hovering, as that would imply a degree of motion - it was just hanging there, completely motionless, silent.
Although I could not tell what size this object was, or at what height it was, if it had been a helicopter, then it would have to have been very low - and I would have seen features such as wheels, rotors, and a difference in size towards the tail end. 
I probably only looked at the object for about 20 seconds or so.
Although I now live in West Sussex, I am originally from Ashtead, Surrey. All my life I have been used to seeing planes of all sizes and shapes, and helicopters, as Ashtead is more or less right in the middle between Gatwick airport and Heathrow airport. My dad used to take me to airshows, and to watch the planes take off and land at Gatwick. We also used to see a lot of hot air balloons, and occasionally an Airship Industries airship.
I didn't carry on looking at the object, that morning, as the level crossing barriers opened, and we took our grandson to school - and the sighting did not worry me at all (it wasn't my first).
I don't know whether any of the other drivers or passengers there saw the object, but I suspect that they didn't.
