{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-02-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42271","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4312,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5515869.json","updb_database_id":5515869}
{dr}Driving from Sacramento to Los Angeles I encountered a giant ball of white light It was bright like a star, glowing electrically and pulsating slightly, but not 1blinking. It blinded my vision, causing a strobe like effect, almost causing me to crash1

Outside Santa Nilla Village, California. I was Driving On I-5 south, heading to Los Angeles. I saw a Giant ball of white light, as I drove past Santa milla Village overpass. 1The Object was traveling fast, from the west to east. 1I thought the object was a plane making an emergency landing at first, the way it came over the mountain. When the object crossed in front of my path, 1it looked like it was a single motorcycle headlight crossing the overpass. When I reached the cross over point, where I estimated the light crossed in front of me, there was no overpass.

1The object was moving perpendicular to my position, flying east, while i was travling south on I-5. It is moving away from me, then the object suddenly changed course, and took a sharp 90 degree turn, and was now traveling parallel to my position. I look at the object fly over the farm land, a mile from my position 1in utter disbelief. As soon as I pass the next overpass, 1The object begins to move closer and closer to my position, until it is 40 feet from my car. A ball of light, 12 feet in diameter appears to be following me.

1I thought the whole thing was just something i was imagining. I try to just look at the road, and not look at the light following me. Every few seconds I look from the road to the object. The third or forth time i looked over at the object it was gone.1

1I was looking at the road after the object disappeared. I was thinking to myself , that was strange, and thats my vision was completely taken over. All I could see were flashes of black and white light, like a strobe light. I was driving 70 + mph, and now i cant see the road. I was scared to the point that I could not scream, My breath was taken away.1

My Heart was beating really fast, and all I can see are flashes of black and white light. I instinctually pull the car to the shoulder of the road. 1I slammed the cars brakes. When the car had stopped, so did 1the flashes my vision came back. I continue driving to Los Angeles with no other strange occurrence.1

Next morning after i wake up and i am getting dressed , I think to myself that was kinda crazy what I saw last night, then it happened again. Flashes of black and white light, the same as the night before took over my vision again. Time seemed to stand still. The flashes of black and white light became 1like pictures shortly after the flashes. A series of images flashed before my eyes. It was like a near death experience where all of your memories flash in front of your eyes in a really short period of time. So to try and describe what i saw in the 1short 30 second time frame was like a near death experience from a life that was not my own. The images I saw were of different alien species, and blueprints for crafts, spacesuits, buildings , and machines. The pictures I saw were like playing cards, being shuffled in front of my eyes. It looked like someone took a book and fliped the pages in front of your face. I could see different symbols that kept repeating in a sequence of different forms. One of the images the i saw most was the outline of a man. 1

1I have had a near death experience before. Where in a fraction of a second all of your friends, family and the things you have done flash before your eyes. Think an entire life played in fast foreword but lasts a hundredth of a second. This experience was like that, but it lasted for 30 seconds, and seemed to span more than one lifetime.1
