{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-20 18:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105738","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3575,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5455869.json","updb_database_id":5455869}
{rjl}} A large round light in the southern sky moving toward the west. It was low in the sky no noise. It slowly shrank and disappeared after about 20 minute

I was driving home from work at 6:15 PM eastern time, when I noticed a very bright circle of light in the southern sky. The light seemed to be low (below cloud cover) and was moving at an extremely slow speed. At first I thought it was hovering but then I determined it was not. My first inclination was it was either a helicopter or private plane but that just did not seem to "fit" what I was seeing. The light was constant and did not change in intensity nor did it blink like I would expect a plane to do. Nor was there any noise from it.

Over the course of about 20 minutes the object continued to move very slowly toward the west without any noise. I checked on my Flightradar24 app and there was no planes in the sky that we heading in the direction of the object. The were cloud cover and I could not see any starts in the sky. Just to be sure I checked using a StartTracker app and the only object in that general (lower in sky & more toward the south) direction was Venus but why I would be able to see Venus and no other stars seems odd.

I decided to take video and photos of the object with my iPhone (only think I had with me). In video 2 of the object the "clicking" noise in the background is my hazard lights as I pulled over to the side of the road to try to get a better video. I did not think that they would make such a noise in the background. I also took screenshots of the Flightradar24 and StarTracker to show what object could have been in the sky. But neither showed anything like what I was seeing. The one plane that is in the Flightradar24 screenshot is more toward the south rather than the west where the object was at that time and also it is heading in the opposite direction. As I mention above the only celestial object remotely in the correct direction is Venus but I could not see any other celestial objects in any direction due to cloud cover. 

The only explanation I can think of besides a UFO is a military aircraft that would not show up on Flightradar24 app. But that still does not explain the lack of noise.
