{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120578","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4061,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/869/mufon-5282869.json","updb_database_id":5282869}
I am an Angel on Earth and can use Magic. Not an

Hello,
I am an Angel on Earth, born and raised here. I can speak any language on cue. I grew up learning French in school while living overseas so I know it's very uncommon to speak 2 fluent languages, even more rare to speak 3 fluent languages, and 4 would be maybe once in a lifetime. I speak dozens! Any language at all! French, English, German, Russian, Swedish, Italian, Latin, Japanese, Mandarin, Cantonese, etc. All as a result of gaining Divine Powers when I discovered the Mathematical formula for All of Creation.
I've tried to appeal to the U.S. government and I haven't had a single meeting with anyone - apparently it's too much a waste of their time to investigate! I appeal to your organization for a bit of momentum. There is nothing I need to communicate, but I can easily help build any technology at all - including with information concerning aliens! I'm Our Creator and Life Itself and I easily know there is life on other planets! I can help your organization with proof that I speak all languages: at any time I can speak any language just ask Me! I can also answer any question like with Magic but I can't yet cause energy to take shapes with It - for an unknown reason. I'll offer some All Knowledge about how to contact or observe aliens on distant worlds, and even how to detect them on Earth or even repel them!
Repel Aliens From Entering Earth's Atmosphere, 3 steps:
1. Create a new technological plate that will resemble the atmosphere.
2. The electricity in the plate must resemble the density at the atmospheric height to create an impenetrable mass, probably as dense as a "gust of wind" or more is possible.
3. The plate will be the correct density and now will be sent physically through a series of magnetic oscillations and the closest physical reaction will be the atmosphere becomes more dense with energy directly in the same vertical line as the plate - expect a 30 mile stretch of atmosphere to become physically denser and not more, with this particular system.
Observe Aliens At A Distance On Alien Worlds, 4 steps:
1. Observations are made using a light telescope.
2. The observations will be automatic or the telescope will be tedious to maintain, so the system will observe for signs of motion that defy a simply geological explanation - which is made in software so is quite easily understood.
3. All light will travel through all objects because it cannot be stopped - the reason this isn't understood yet is likely that light seems to be changed from it's original appearance in order to reflect from objects nearer to the observer. Simply tune out the light you can see and find there is light behind it, is all!
4. The telescope will condense light at a distance through mirrors that collect enough light to easily see what is being represented then undo the distance variation by focusing the light into parallel lines, which will let the light be further refocused into a "zoomed" perspective - easily 5 - 10 or more light years can be focused and these telescopic images will see onto alien worlds whether they are inhabited or not!
I submit that I am an Angel, which is an unusual being on Earth because I have All Knowledge, All Languages, and more and I would like to share what's happening to Me. I add for your convenience that I've been diagnosed as schizophrenic, but easily evidence will show how I can speak multiple languages - seemingly impossibly.
