{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463973","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96944","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3838,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/973/mufon-5463973.json","updb_database_id":5463973}
{cak} Orb observation between myself and house.

I was in a field adjacent to our home, checking on some horses we had just acquired. I wanted to make sure they were ok and adjusting to the 3 acre field next to the house. I was approximately 50 yards away from the east side of our house (deck) and it was pitch black out. I don1t use lights to check in the horses as I didn1t want to spook them, as well as keep my night sight. After making contact with the horses, I had looked back (west) towards the house and I saw a flash or blip of light. It was about the size of what you1d expect a common flashlight to be. This had me thinking there was a person in the field, maybe messing around or looking for mushrooms, who knows. However, we live 15 miles from the closest town and about a mile from the nearest neighbor, whose kids are grown and living away from home. We do live across from a 2500 acre conservation, though there are very few visitors. It was not hunting season and there weren1t any fireflies out yet. Having been in the army 20+ years and being a trained sniper/ observer, I know a flashlight blip (for say a signal). However, there was no sound, no footsteps or running and no person(s). I searched the entire field and at times conducted listening halts to listen for anyone talking/moving. There was nothing. So the flash of light was totally unexplained. 

A month or so later, I saw a light traveling (at night, approx 9pm) down my neighbors driveway (south to north). My neighbor is in his 701s and I thought maybe he lost something and I called on his home phone to offer my help. He related he wasn1t outside nor had he been. I told him about the light and he said he hadn1t heard anyone. I keep a pair of binoculars in the living room as we see deer, turkeys and a lot of birds. So when I looked through the optics, I for sure saw a light moving down his driveway but could not make out a person. My neighbor said a distant neighbor sometimes coon hunts at night, but there were no dogs and only the one light. Again, roughly flashlight size (not like a spotlight) and this time it was on for a minute or so. 

These were two instances I saw lights out on my property and no (observable) person with said lights. 

I1ve also heard an unidentifiable roar/scream, of which I can go through just about every animal I know of and that we have here in MO and it wasn1t like anything I1ve ever heard. That event can be documented separately if desired. 

I have also had two experiences out on the neighboring conservation (this year) where I have seen things disappear. Both were initially dog looking and the first also had a dark figure. Both times I was with my dogs and both times I found no tracks or trace, no sound, and no contact, though I am 110% sure I saw something both times. The second time the dogs had 1hit1 on the object and began a chase, but all kind of left it alone after a certain point, which is odd for the English Foxhound, which tracks like crazy. 

So some good stories to share and tell if anyone is interested. I1m a retired Special Agent and have done many years of investigative work. I find it absolutely fascinating to read other testimonials. Thank you for your hard work and diligence!
