{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-08-20 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528973","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26568","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/973/mufon-5528973.json","updb_database_id":5528973}
3 black triangles

I was in greece,second leg/Chalkidiki. We had been a group of 5 people (witnesses) sitting at night time at the beach watching the stars. There were some cloudy spots at the sky but mostly we could see the clear nightsky. Then suddenly out of nowhere there were 3 triangles in perfect formation howering over us. Theyre formation looked like one big triangle exaclty. We could clearly see the shape of them and the lights all 3 of them had at every corner of the triangle. The lights had been kind of a warm red to orange colour but very intensive. Never seen something like this before. I hardly can remember if there also was an light in the middle of each triangle. These triangles were flying very slow and with no sound at all, thats why we first thought it was a kite. But we could see the shape and it looked massive and metal in black colour. They seemed to be flying very low, but then the front light of the first triangle became hidden by a cloud, its light was shinig trough out the cloud, there we understood,that it was flying quite high and must have been huge, because it was flyin over the clouds and not underneath them. The thing wich scared us most was that in the moment the first light was going to be hidden by the cloud they all just dissapeard. It seemed like somebody put out the lights, but it wasnt like this,it all got invincible. We can tell this for sure because in the moment it became invincible we could see the sky with its stars again wich had been hidden before by the crafts for the time of the appearing. During the sighting i felt very good and pleased not really scared but i knew somehow that we'd seen a UFO.
