{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470973","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89512","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4731,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/973/mufon-5470973.json","updb_database_id":5470973}
{cak} Many ufo sightings in lawndale nc

Starting in February 2017 I moved to a rural town of about 500 people. I lived in a house in one of the most rural area. There were maybe 6 other houses in a mile radius and woods surrounding everything for
Miles. Although I have also witnessed things in Shelby nc which is the closest town. I saw a fireball fly over Main Street. The things I have seen out there went on for the entire six months I've lived there. It started off as small star like objects blinking and fluttering. One night I noticed about 15 of them in the sky. Some of them splitting, joining and ejecting other similar objects. These objects would defy physics appearing to skip parts of the sky. Other times I would notice a cluster of lights in a triangle formation bobbing and hovering in complete syncrosity. I've also seen small orbs of light moving through bushes in the early hours of the morning. Also, almost every morning before dawn a bright almost search light like object would appear in the sky and start rotating. It even stayed above me for about a mile and followed me to work. I've also seen what almost appears to be a meteorite, a small fire ball like object shoot down the light pole and onto the ground in an L like fashion, it had a blue flame for a tail and then vanished. I've also seen similar objects jump off powerlines, jump onto the ground and zip off, and another time I
Saw a small red light about the size of a bird zip around the corner about 4 feet off the ground and disappear. Another time, I went out to walk my dog in the brush behind my house right before the thick woods started and saw a small bright white light on the ground that quickly shot up into the sky and started doing manuvers I didn't think we're possible. Another time, my wife said about 4 am she saw a bright white light in the window between the tree by my house and an abandoned trailer. She said it was so bright it light up the room and it was on the ground. She thought she might be seeing the moon but she went and looked out the other window and it was on the other side of the sky. She said she didn't know why she didn't wake me up because she was terrified and she was somehow compelled to fall back asleep. I had told my mother about this crazy stuff and she didn't believe me until she came to visit. She saw everything. She saw how they would follow behind me when I'd walk my dog behind my house almost as if they were watching me. There was another time I was outside and I was talking to my wife. She told me to turn around and look, there was an object I had noticed minutes before and thought it was a star but it suddenly lit up
Bright blue, the air suddenly felt like all the heat was sucked out of it, temperature dropped aprox 35 degrees, any dogs in the area started barking a lot and it started moving towards us in a falling leaf like pattern. I ran in the house. Not long after a black pickup truck with its lights off rolled past my house. Which is something I have seen after other incidents, along with a man in all black on a black quad wth its lights off rolling up to my house. Also, upon moving in before these sightings intensified there was a deer carcass with its spine exposed, most of the skin around its head still intact and the entire torso missing. It was there for about 4 months but one morning after a night of seeing all this stuff, I walked my dog and noticed it was completely missing. I've also seen numerous formations of 2 and 3 lights moving silently across the sky, or even just hovering and wobbling. On these formations there is always one light that is brighter then the others wether it be the 2 or 3 light formations. There is some very strange stuff out in lawndale nc. I advise anyone who doesn't believe me to go spend a night out there just looking up, if you don't see anything your either blind or don't want to believe what your seeing. It happens almost everynight. I saw things for the majority of the 6 months I lived there with multiple witnesses. I believe they are hiding something in the woods out there. I have photos and videos upon request
