{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-19 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491072","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2859,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/072/mufon-5491072.json","updb_database_id":5491072}
{rjl} I was compelled to look into the sky, as I did I observed an unknown object ascending and found it compelling enough to try to take video and photos with my phone.

I was just arriving at my home on July 19th at almost 6pm, and was walking from my car into my building. I live on a busy street with a lot of airplanes and helicopters over head all the time. I felt compelled, in my mind and heart, to look into the sky for some reason. As I looked up I immediately noticed an unknown object in the sky. As I observed it I realized I could not identify it, and felt that I should take a video and photos of it. I have observed and experienced unknown things for a long time over the period of my life. While recording the unknown object it was apparent that the quality of the image was not good, and I could not make out any more detail that I was able to observe with the naked eye. Having recently recorded and reported another unknown sighting, I thought to snap a photo of the date and time on my phone as well. Upon finishing taking photos I had a sense that I was meant to observe this unknown object and document it's presence. This is not the first time I have experienced a seemingly telepathic experience from an unknown object, but it is the first time I have documented and reported it. 

I observed that the object seemed to be ascending in the sky. I thought to myself that it could possibly be a bunch of balloons, but felt uncertain. What I was certain of was the emotions I had associated with being compelled to look into the sky, and to record the object as best I could. once I recorded the object, date and time I did not feel it was necessary to watch the object any more so I went inside my home. When I got upstairs I looked out of the window which faces the same area to see if the object was still seen ascending in the same direction. I could no longer see the object, which was strange since it should have remained viewable if it traveled at the same rate and direction once I went inside. The sighting ended then, and I no longer had any feelings associated with it, accept to make sure to report it. 

I am having a hard time with uploading the images and video for some reason. But I will happily email them to you upon request.
