{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-14 21:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513072","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45217","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3312,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/072/mufon-5513072.json","updb_database_id":5513072}
(GS) Orange orb on top of Warner Mountain Range Moving south than disapeaared.

After hearing about a whole lot of activity in the Surprise Valley area for the past week I decided to go out and listen and look. Since I see Orbs and things in our valley all the time I did not get too excited but did see one orb for about a 3 minute duration. Basically slowly moving south hugging the top of the warner mountains. It did not follow contours. It moved in a straight trajectory very slowly. Had to really pay attention to see it was moving. Not super brite either. It simply disappeared. What got me excited enough to go out and stand in minus 15 degree temps for about 30 minutes last night is folks have been hearing sounds up towards Ft Bidwell that have been lasting for 2 hours, loud enough and long enough to get the attention of our local law enforcement. This valley is very active. I have seen hundreds of lights. One time we saw over 40 lights with no less than 15 guests standing in the parking lot. I did get some video footage a year or so ago. Type in Surprise Valley Hot Springs UFO on you tube. I think MUFON may want to add on the questionaire where it says "Observed the Following" a box for noise or sound, since up at Ft. Bidwell night before last it was just a sound. I see on you tube a lot of weird noises going on throughout the world and now in our valley. I have listened to about 5 different you tube videos with wierd sounds and weather associated so I can compare and contrast if I hear the stuff they heard in Ft. Bidwell a few nights ago. I also have heard of 3 recent (within the last 24 months) events on the ground here in our little valley of 800 folks. Now that is getting a little too close for comfort. One event the witness describe as a "gathering". One more thing, the night we had a whole lot of activity, which I personally did not witness, lights were observed the same night in SF and NY. The night was 1/11/13 at around 7:30pm they were seen in Surprise Valley and a sound was associated with them along with a dark cloud. This was the first time lights have had a sound with them that I am aware of in our little valley. It is so quiet up here you can hear a car 5 miles away if the atmosphere and breeze is cooperating. Keep looking up! And LISTENING. The frequency of sightings seems to be increasing at least in Surprise Valley, CA. Last summer we were seeing stuff almost every other night. No Joke, I have seen hundreds of things in this valley that are not chinese lanterns, or any gas, or other riduclous explanation. I am a certified private pilot and I know what I see is UNIDENTIFIED and can make high speed 90 degree changes in direction in the blink of an eye.
