{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-04 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483072","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76867","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/072/mufon-5483072.json","updb_database_id":5483072}
{nd} Attending Contact in the Desert at Joshua Tree. My boyfriend and I signed up for possible sightings of UFO with Night Vision Glasses. Observed 4 balls of glowing light moving across the sky,

My boyfriend and I were attending "Contact in the Desert" at Joshua Tree National Park. We are both highly educated, professional people with an interest in UFOs. He is a Management Consultant and I am an attorney and previous R.N. I am also a Private Pilot. 

We had signed up for the "Night Vision Experience" on Saturday evening. It involved looking at the Night Sky with Military Grade Night Vision Goggles. We got in line at approximately 9:15 pm at the outer edges of the retreat center. Our wait in line was approx. 45 minutes to an hour. While waiting, we could hear the Group Facilitator making comments as to what to look for and what not to look for: satellites, airplanes, helicopters etc. We could hear as people commented they saw "something" but they always turned out to be satellites or aircraft.

As such, were NOT expecting to see any actual UFOs at all. 

When it was our turn, we put the Night Vision goggles on as instructed and started scanning. I saw a few satellites, discernible because of their smooth movement from horizon to horizon at a high altitude. I saw some aircraft, discernible by their blinking position lights: red on the left and green on the right. Being a pilot, I am aware what aircraft lights look like at night. 

Suddenly, one of the group yelled out that they had seen something. We swung our goggles to look in the northerly direction. I focused on a white, glowing object which looked like a ball of light with fuzzy edges coming over the horizon rather fast, traveling west to east and then slowly disappearing. Process of elimination set in: NOT a plane, helicopter bc no blinking lights. Fuzzy edges, ball shaped. NOT a satellite because too low on the horizon and moving too fast. These objects were large enough and bright enough to be seen with the naked eye.

As we were watching this white object, the second object, this time blue in color, came out of the west and traveled rapidly to the east. Ball shaped, glowing, fuzzy edges. This one slowed down.

The third object then came from the west, this time Green in color. Same shape, characteristics as above. This one slowed down also.

The fourth, object, I'm uncertain about the color as people were now very excited and many thoughts were racing through my mind. Is this real? I looked at them with my naked eye and the goggles and yes, they were there.

Now, the second, third and fourth object had slowed to a triangle formation. With the apex of the triangle facing 'up." They did not stop but kept moving to the east.

At his point, the group facilitator said that we needed to give the people in line a chance to see because they "were dying to see." So we handed over the goggles and started walking back to the Center. We lost sight only because we were instructed to leave. By my guess, there were about 30 people with goggles who saw this take place and perhaps a few who saw with the naked eye.

Ever since that evening, my boyfriend and I have been processing this event. Yes, we are interested in UFOs and the nature of reality, consciousness etc.. We asked, did this predispose us to experiencing this? My answer is No. Remember, we were NOT expecting to see ANYTHING but satellites or airplanes. It was just a fun experience to sign up for. Since then, we have not stopped thinking about what we saw. We are both logical, sane people. 

Neither one of us has ever experienced anything like it in our lives.

We cannot stop thinking about what we saw at Joshua Tree.
