{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-08-31 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288072","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115297","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11346,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/072/mufon-5288072.json","updb_database_id":5288072}
A hexagon shaped craft with a green light in the six points and a red one at the top of a done came down to the tree line and hovered and watched us

In late summer (maybe late August or early September) of maybe 1993 or 1994 (when I was about 6 or 7), a hexagon shaped craft maybe 40 feet wide by 15 feet tall (maybe a bit larger) with a green light at each of the hexagon shaped points and a red light on top of a pointed dome came silently out of nowhere in the northern direction of the sky and hovered above a group of about 10 people in the backyard of my family home for about 15 minutes, tilting slightly to the side so that we could see it also a window on each side. And this craft observed us in a curious, non-threatening manner before taking off in a different direction from which it came (to the east). There was no noise and no wind from the craft. I was probably going into first or second grade and was the first to spot it come down and suddenly be right over top of where our gazebo and bonfire were, which is where we all were in the backyard. I believe they may have been interested in coming that close to observe what we were doing because there were at least 4 kids there, and we were running around in the wooded yard playing flashlight tag, and we also had a bonfire going. I think they were curious what we were doing with our flashlights in the woods as our game of flashlight tag must have looked like strange behavior. I spotted it after getting tagged "it" in flashlight tag, and being about 7, I decided I wanted to go an cook a marshmallow instead because I was feeling sullen over getting tagged again. The other kids came over to tell me I was only stoping to cook a marshmallow because I was upset I was tagged, and they were right; but, just then is when I noticed a giant, completely silent craft hovering above us. It seemed to appear out of nowhere as I only had my back turned for a moment, and it was about 100 feet above us when I turned around to lie and say it wasn't why I stopped playing. I pointed at it and said something to the effect of, "look a ufo!" Then everyone else saw it, too. The adults (at least four adults) came out from under the gazebo, and we all stared at this object for many, many minutes. The other adults there eventually decided they needed to get and their car and leave. I think the other neighbor kids that lived right next door just went home. I can't say I noticed or cared as most everyone left, as I didn't feel like missing a moment of the scene in the sky. I stood there with two other kids who stayed, who were brother and sister and lived down the street. My mother stayed as well. It ended up being just the four of us within about 10 minutes of the craft being there: myself at about age 6 or 7, and the brother and sister neighbors ages about 8 and 11, and my mother. My mother didn't seem very surprised. She didn't seem concerned. She just nonchalantly was like, "yeah, that's a ufo. Don't worry. They aren't going to hurt us. They're just curious," or statements to that effect. It kinda made me feel calmer, though I was astounded and couldn't take my eyes off of the craft. I was vaguely aware that the neighbor boy was balling and hysterical with fear (he was age about 8), and his older sister (age about 11) was trying to calm him and telling him they are, "nice aliens, like the cone-heads" (a show I didn't even know about), but he wouldn't stop balling and was terrified. I didn't seem to care about any of them or his fear and kept my eyes glued on the craft taking in every detail I could. I didn't want to look away even for a millisecond. As it silently hovered over us, it would tilt a bit to the side showing its windows on the upper side of the hexagon shaped dome, one window for each side. The windows were light a yellow-white just like lights you'd see in a terrestrial craft or building. I could only see a faint silhouette of one being's head looking down at us; but I could definitely see something head shaped looking out the window at us. I think I would have stood there continuing to stare at it all night; but, my Mother decided we had to drive the neighbor kids home, even though it was just a few houses down the street, because the boy was having a serious panic attack and kept screaming we were all going to die. I didn't want to leave. I didn't want to pay attention to the panicking boy in the background, but he was not handling it well at all and it forced us to have to deal with that situation. Once the craft noticed that we, too, were gathering to leave, it zipped up into the sky a bit more and headed east over our home towards the woods. As we pulled out of the drive way to take the neighbors home, the boy still absolutely hysterical with terror and sister still telling him "they're nice aliens, like the cone-heads," I noticed the gym next door had a group of about 15 people all outside in the parking lot all looking up at something in the direction of our house. I assume these 15 other witnesses were all watching the craft as well. My mother had to go into the neighbor's house with the two kids and explain to the mother of the kids why her son is in such a state. Once we got back to our house, I didn't see the craft anymore. I was a bit scared they would abduct one of our 3 indoor-outdoor cats, and I spent the time frantically searching for the cats and calling them to come in. I recall taking a strange chair we had, (a piece of furniture that I otherwise probably would not be able to remember in that detail from that far back if these events hadn't been seared into my memory so well), in order to block the kitchen door. No body back home ever cared for lock their doors back then; but that night, I ran around locking them. My mother was still nonchalant, and just told me that the cats would be fine and that the aliens were just curious and wouldn't hurt us. I stayed up and drew pictures of the craft. I detailed everything I could, and I could easily draw it today though my art skills have no improved. I still remember those pictures I drew though this was over 25 years ago now, but I recall every detail. I remember expecting to see something in the local newspaper the next day and kept asking my mother if there was anything for days afterwards. She still didn't act like it was strange and said she doubted, "these people would report anything." I called the neighbor's house the next day, images I drew of the craft in my hand, and tried to ask to talk to the kids about it to go forward with our story. However, the mother wouldn't let me speak to her children and asked me to, "never, ever mention anything about that night to her children again." She said her son was up all night terrified and unconsolable. It felt a little threatening, so I never did. They never came over again and never spoke to me again, though we had been friends until that night. It felt like everyone just wanted to forget it happened, and that I was treated like a freak for wanting to admit it happened; except for my Mom, who just acted like it wasn't really that weird to her at all. So, eventually, I just decided I shouldn't bring it up anymore. As I got older, I realized I would be considered crazy and ostracized if I told anyone. I realized no one wanted to believe me, so I never told anyone. I never needed any more proof than that and clearly will never forget the event, and I felt at peace and blessed by the siting. I felt I had the opportunity to learn a mystery of the universe because though I cannot fathom that we are the only beings in all the universe, I would never have been sure there were secret crafts in our solar system visiting Earth; we can't even fathom how they would get here or travel like they do. I doubt I would have believed the science possible as I have always thought scientifically. I would have been a skeptic of crafts coming to Earth. I felt I experienced something almost devine. I have proof, enough for me to be sure, that we are visited by other intelligent beings. I've known since then that there really are alien space crafts that come and observe us. All of my life I looked for a description of a craft similar to the one I saw, and I haven't. It could easily from further away have looked "saucer-shaped," more like a typical description of a UFO; however, since it was only about 100 feet up, I could tell it was actually a hexagon. If I were to imagine or make up a craft, it wouldn't look like what I saw. When I was 33 living in Virginia, a different odd craft, not like what the one I saw as a child and much larger with changing seafoam green lights that did strange things would bounce around in the sky above me on and off for many months but from many, many miles up. Sometimes I could lure it closer to me by flashing my head torch light in the sequence of the prime numbers. I always showed my face in the light, but then it would get scared and could ascend what's seemed to be tens of miles instantly to mimic a star, except the star isn't always there. And it was constantly having jets flying around it, sometimes helicopters would also fly by but below it. But once again, this was definitely not the same craft I saw as a kid. But I never felt fear. Once, when it first started coming around, I heard what sounded like whale songs all over the sky around me, and it all went silent when I said "hello?"; it sounded beautiful and I felt at peace, a connection with something greater than the barbarism I fear from humanity. I felt calm and safe; and these experiences are the closest to a spiritual experience of my soul I have ever felt, besides perhaps experiences with wild animals, like swimming with sharks. Perhaps they felt the reverance for nature and the strong connection I feel to every living creature in this planet. Looking back at how my Mother responded to the first craft I saw and to this unique talent she was born with that lead her to be a very talented professional artist, I wonder if they were interested in her; and, I wonder if my first experience had not been her first experience. She seemed so calm and relaxed the entire time. I found that I had that sense of peace and serenity when I had my other odd experience as an adult. I can't explain how my Mother and I knew that they were only curious and meant us no harm. But, I was sure they meant me no harm. I can't explain why I felt that serenity, but I felt such peace that I'm not sure the feeling fully came from within me. I have only felt that level of serenity in nature and when that craft was present.
