{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-11 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547072","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18898","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2292,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/072/mufon-5547072.json","updb_database_id":5547072}
Slow Moving Triangle OVNI at Copacabana

I was sleeping in my bed, when i wake up feeling someone in my room. I turned on the lights and was nothing inside my room. I gone to the windows to look, as i do sometimes, and I saw the lights moving very slowly upstairs the buldings of my street. It looked like a triangle, like I uploaded in You Tube. I was searching for my camera, turned it on and began to film. I felt like the object was there for me. Can you understand that? I was feeling that this objetct was comming to my direction. So, i turned off the camera and loked wake up my parents. When they come to see, the objetc was not there anymore.

I had another event on the farm of my grand father when i was with 7 years old. We were comming back to Rio de Janeiro driving on the freeway, but the strange thing is that we was about 0h00 and we were seeing not many cars, and one very strong light was following us. No noise, so it was not an helicopter, and no airplane lights. So after 3 minutes, the things gone. Was a red and strong light. My grands still living and they are always afraid when somebody ask about the OVNI.

Since I have 7 years old, i wake up in the middle of the night with my body freeze. I can1t move. 1 time for mounth. Iy1s so scary. Because i fell like someone is inside my room. Sometimes i fell cold, like i1m not in my room. And just one time, on the farm, i felt like a hand touching me in the head.

After that, i was abble to move again and when i looked to my back window of my bedroom, i saw one very tall and blond hair guy passing the wall, like a ghost.

Thats all I have to tell you my friends.

If you come to Brazil, you can enterview me and my grands.

bye bye
