{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486072","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2967,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/072/mufon-5486072.json","updb_database_id":5486072}
{nd} Saw a burning ball of light fly slowly over my neighbors roof top.

It was New Years eve 2015. It was around 11:45 p.m. I was in my master bedroom talking with my wife and 3 year old daughter getting ready to shout Happy New Year. We have a large picture window looking out in to the back yard. Our yard is maybe 15ft wide then there is a brick retaining wall that is 5 ft high and on top of that we built a 6 ft wood fence for privacy from the neighbors. Behind this fence are two houses standing side by side.
 Sporadically through the night there were numerous fireworks going off. So out of the corner of my eye I see this super bright glow and I turn all the way around and the glow is slowly but steadily gliding over the top of my neighbors roof. I instantly thought it was maybe a firework but as I looked at it, it wasn't falling or going skyward and there were no sparks or fire trail or noise that I could hear. 
 I yelled "what the hell is that?!" and I ran all the way across the house to the front door with my phone in hand trying to get to the video recording option while I was running down the hallway. For some reason in the back of my mind, I knew it wasn't anything I had ever seen....I almost thought it was a toilet paper roll on fire just because of the size and the intense light coming from it. It was brighter than any light I had ever seen. It's twice as bright as the street light in the video. I was trying to hear a noise come from it like a drone sounds like but there wasn't any. There weren't any flames coming from it, it just had the illusion of being on fire. I honestly don't know how else to describe it.
 I don't neccessarily believe in UFO's but this has changed my mind a little. It kinda freaked me out honestly. I couldn't hardly go to sleep that night. Then as I watched the video to make sure I really got it recorded, I noticed there is something else in the video. Is it my phone acting weird? I don't know, its never done that and I have taken thousands of videos. 
 It looks like a mini flying object. It wasnt a bug because we don't have anything like that here and especially in the middle of winter. It definitely seemed interested in the orb. I don't know. 
 I just have a gut feeling that this was as real as it gets.
