{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-08-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2890,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5493339.json","updb_database_id":5493339}
{jpg} seen star falling from sky for long time then object near me glowing orange/red color,no noise until flash light with sonic boom sound when it left

I was with my wife and two friends in our trailer on August 1977 and watching a movie together and over my shoulders through the parted curtains of the window behind me on the couch I see this stream of light like a falling star that fell from at the top of the window clear down to the bottom almost, so I told everyone I seen a strange light like a falling star that was moving across the sky, but it was so much slower than a falling star etc. I went outside immediately to look in the direction of the light and at first seen nothing, then it appeared, this ball of orange/red light at night hovering slowly toward my direction and then it stopped shortly what seemed like about 500-700 feet away or so, then it moved west from me going away and slightly downward. I ran up my drive way and tried to climb upon a fence to see it more. Then this UFO with no noise at all, just flew off like flash of light, lightening up the whole sky and followed by a sonic boom. When hovering, this thing was making no noise at all. I ran into my house to tell my wife and friends and my man friend and I drove down another road trying to see if I could find what I had seen and nothing. I suppose it was gone by then. To this day I feel I had seen a real UFO, because for that year of 1977 I had never seen any aircraft as such at night like this and without the noise. Everything else like airplanes, helicopters etc have sound. Whatever this thing was it left fast and the neighbors all heard the sonic boom and it made all the dogs bark right after that. From all the descriptions of other, people's UFO's this one was similar to them. I am not sure why this thing appeared as basketball size to me, but it was at least 500-700 feet from me going through the tree's real low before it disappeared. The next few days a friend had said that he was told that other people had seen what I had seen that same night. This has never left my mind all these years trying to imagine what it might have been, since never seeing anything ever to match what I had seen since then. I do believe in UFO's from afar or today maybe the government has them, not sure yet.
