{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-08 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71306","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5488339.json","updb_database_id":5488339}
{nd} Several different types of lights observed near Moscow ID

My boyfriend and I frequently drive out to the wheat fields surrounding Moscow, ID, to watch the stars at night. We had never observed anything that we couldn't explain until about 6 weeks ago. We were leaning on my car, watching the stars, and an orb appeared about 500 feet to my right, that drifted slowly northwest, then disappeared. It was only visible for about 3 seconds. I yelled "what the hell is that" to my boyfriend, and he didn't see it because it disappeared to fast. I told him to get in the car, and that I wanted to go home. He made fun of me, and told me it was probably farm equipment or a shooting star. The next night, we decided to go out to the same place in the wheat fields to watch the stars again. I was curious to see if anything would appear that night, too. About a minute after we got there, an orb appeared over the wheat fields, slowly moved east, and then hovered over the ground for about 2 minutes, then disappeared. My boyfriend witnessed this one, but was still skeptical, and still tried to explain it away as being "farm equipment." We decided to drive further down the road to another location. We stopped about half a mile away, and another light appeared less than 100 yards away from the car, hovering over a small hill. It didn't move, but disappeared after about 30 seconds. This is how our fascination with the "lights" in the sky near our house began. Since then, we have observed strange lights almost every night we've gone out. There are ones that appear like the lights described above, but there have been other strange occurrences happen recently too. We observed a "fuzzy" appearing star-like light in the sky that slowly moved from north to south, would stay stationary, then move west, east, then continue south. I commute 30 minutes to work each day, and when I come drive home around 9 pm, I have seen other strange things in the sky. I have seen strobing lights that move slowly across the sky. They don't look like lights from a plane. A few nights, I've seen 3-4 of these types of lights while making the 30 mile commute home from Lewiston, ID, to Moscow, ID. I have also seen a quick flash of light from the sky that disappears in less than 1 second, and then a few seconds later, another flash will occur in a different part of the sky. I've finally decided to take to the internet to try and see if anyone else in my area has also been seeing these things. The strangest one that happened, was literally right outside my house in my driveway. We had rented a movie and were returning home, when we saw one of the "strobing" lights in the east sky right before we turned onto our street. When we got home, we got out of the car, and I saw a light in the west sky that appeared to be about 200 feet up. It was slowly coming towards. I pointed it out to my boyfriend, and we watched as it literally came straight towards us. As it got close to us, it started to dim, and completely disappeared right as it was overhead. We are both working professionals, don't have any history of mental illness, and don't use any substances. The only other time I've seen anything similar to these lights was as a teenager in Spalding, ID. My family and I saw some lights one summer that would move back and forth in the sky, and would split into 2-3 lights, then reabsorb back into one light. That was at age 14, and I'm now almost 28. I've literally seen nothing weird since that time until 6 weeks ago. If anyone else in the area has seen these lights, I'd love to hear about it. I'm now fascinated with them, and want to know what they are. Feel free to leave me your contact information. I do have some videos of some of these occurrences, although they're poor quality cellphone videos.
