{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-03 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32621","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3767,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5523339.json","updb_database_id":5523339}
Strange object splits into three parts and another object appears to watch it

Oct 3rd 2011, UFO sighting Lees Summit, MO, USA 

This was a busy moving week for us, and we had just gotten up to Independence to pick up a cool bunk bed for our son and was driving back to Lee's Summit via 291 Hwy South. My wife was driving the U-haul 14ft truck and I was on the passenger side. Somewhere on 291 Hwy just passed Woods Chapel (around 8pm-ish), I saw thru the front left corner of the windshield what I thought were lights on top of a building. As I realized there were no buildings there I then thought it was a billboard with a series of lights on it as the lights were just hovering there motionless (It was a pretty dark and on-coming traffic headlights made it hard to see eye level detail). These lights I would say were around 100 ft off the ground and they looked like a christmas tree lighted up [with white/amber lights] lying on its side with the "tip" of the tree pointing in the south direction. 

As soon as I realized something was odd about the lights I quickly pointed them out to my wife. As we got closer to the lights another object caught my attention, it was hovering at the same level as the first set of lights and about 100 ft south of it. This second object, I thought was a helicopter and got the impression that it was checking out the first object (either Police or News crew helicopter. It too was odd looking as it had red and blue (and green?) blinking lights in an angular pattern outlining it and I don1t think it was a helicopter as it was a dark object hovering motionless with no tilt or wobble you see on a helicopter trying to hover in one spot. At the same time I was trying to start up the camera on my phone. Although I managed to video a little just as we passed it, the movement and low lighting made it impossible to distinguish anything. Regretting not having my regular digital camera with me, my senses were at a heightened state after seeing such odd objects in an odd setting (odd objects hovering in plain sight next to a highway with heavy traffic). 

We continued on south on 291 Hwy. After a couple of minutes, the first object, being brightly lit against a dark sky, again caught my attention. This time it was out my passenger side window, the rapid motion and lights from it got my attention as it flew fluidly (at about the same altitude) from a North to South direction. I watched it for a second or two and it separated into 3 separate objects; one set of lights continued to fly forward while two other sets of lights immediately turned on a dime and went the opposite direction (north). The one set of lights closest to me tilted slightly to the west as it made the turn allowing me to see the underside. It had 3 lights forming a triangle. None of these 3 objects had blinking lights at anytime, only the constant white amber lights. In retrospect we should have stopped to observe more but we had people waiting at the house to help us with our move so we continued on home. Unexpectedly, we saw the same object[s]/lights again the next day on the 4th of October! I will file that in another separate report.
