{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-11-25 11:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3303,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5463339.json","updb_database_id":5463339}
Footage recorded on two seperate cameras for continuing and personal research. Objects appear frequently and same area of sky frequently on a regular basis.

I do my own research and have been recording these objects on two or more totally 100% separate cameras since April 13th 2018 from my first discovery. I'm continuously going through my footage and finding that these objects are passing through my local skies and the objects appear to be using a certain part of the sky as a travelling corridor. I came across this footage as part of my own ongoing research. I use my cameras to search the skies while driving. My cameras record at 60fps and in 1080p. I also use a CPL filter on both cameras. The dark line seen passing horizontally through my back window in the rear camera footage is the rear window heater strip. The footage speaks for itself. 

None of my footage is fabricated/faked in anyway whatsoever. Im prepared to even get a statutory declaration signed by myself and a legal representative/JP if required. Please find my footage attached and my various close ups which I managed to capture from my computer screen. Unfortunately Im not that computer savvy and are unable to place a red circle around the object so this is why I point with my finger and record from my computer screen in 5 of the seven recordings. 2 recordings are the real and normal speed footage front and rear from my camera's. Im logging these findings and saving them onto hard drives as part of my own research. I do not post all my findings as I'm capturing these objects frequently and it does get a bit old at times. Im planning on setting up better cameras to further the research into the future and hopefully get better footage. When viewing the original footage file 1 and 4, please watch the dash camera footage on a large monitor at maximum screen size and in 1080p only. Thank you. Mark.T
