{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-07-08 01:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48065","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5510339.json","updb_database_id":5510339}
(GS) down and left to right in straight lines we then saw coming from our right a massive traingular shaped ship moving slowly floting like moving across the sky

To start I am a registered nurse and my boyfriend is a small business owner we are regular people and I have never believed in aliens ghosts ect. To this day I do not know what this may have been but it definately changed my view of what may be possible.
We were vacationing at one of our favorite places which is Lake Havasu AZ. We love to go out late at night and watch the stars as they are so gorgeous in the desert and very clear skies. We observed a very bright stationary white light as we watched it, it started moving in very deliberated pattern up then down then left and back to center then right then back to center like a plus sign. We thought how unusual it was and said hey wonder if it is a satelite possibly, we were not really alarmed at this point we watched this light for about 15 to 20 minutes. Then we saw coming from our right a huge object that was so massive it was coming from our right to left straight across the sky moving very slowly floating like no sound and about the size of a football field. It was crossing the sky straight across in front of us and was almost translucent with tiny little blue and white lights all around it, it looked like there was some type of field around it as the stars around it looked displaced, then the light object that was much higher in the sky that we had watched earlier made a straight diagonal rapid descent shot down to the massive ship it touched the edge of the triangle shape ship and started moving around the outer parimeter. I was so freaked out and fear overwhelmed me at the sight I ran into the house and was hiding in the kitchen pantry. I then realized my boyfriend did not follow me and was concerned for him I went back outside and he was still watching it, I hid behind his back still fearfull and was peaking over his should screaming oh my god! what it that! we then noticed that the massive ship was triangular shaped but the edges were rounded like a batray and it had a tail of spiral shaped irradecsent violet blue almost like jelly fish tenacles trailing behind it, the trail was also semi translucent and their were 3 or four of them. We did find later that week that others had also seen this, my boyfriends sister lives there is also a nurse and heard people were talking about it around town. I have never told this story before, people react differently I felt extreme fear myself because it was like nothing I could explain or relate to.
