{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-21 01:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102171","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3961,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5459339.json","updb_database_id":5459339}
{cak} Very bright ‘satellite like’ ufo

I was sat in my back garden at about 1am on 21/07/2019 looking up at the night sky and I gaze upon what I first thought to be a satellite. Now it was very bright and very large in comparison to the satellites that we are used to seeing. It was a pure white light which made no sound and appeared to be at least 1000ft in the sky. Now there are two things that stand out to me and a third thing that I also can’t quite explain. The first is that it was cloudy last night when I saw it, though it seemed to pierce through the cloud with its incredibly bright light (possibly reflection off the sun?) far brighter than any star or the moon. Either that or it was below the cloud but it just seemed from my perspective that what I was looking at was very high up, but certainly not in space. If it were in space it must be absolutely huge. The second thing that baffled me and truly brought it to my attention was when I saw it coming back in the opposite direction. Had I not seen this I would have put it down to a very bright, strange satellite. It was travelling SE when I first saw it and presumed it was a very large, bright satellite and not 5 minutes later it was travelling NW in the complete opposite direction, at incredibly high speeds, like that of what you might expect from a satellite. The speed at which it was travelling it went from NW to SE and disappeared over the horizon after about 2-3 minutes of me being able to visibly see it in the sky, suggesting some very high speeds, and then when it came back in the opposite direction, again 2-3 minutes and it was gone. Satellites don’t abruptly turn around 180 degrees in such a short space of time it’s just impossible with the tech we use, and at those speeds turning so quickly would atomise the flimsy satellites do I must rule that out. Now the third thing that I noticed was that as it went over my head going NW (so coming back in its self) it seemed to slow down about half the speed, and appeared to be moving not only in a straight line but slightly erratically, varying in speeds. I will admit that this last point I make may be down to my brain hallucinating the slight altercations in its straight path but I also know what I saw and so can’t rule out the possibility that this object, whatever it was, moving at altering high speeds, incredibly bright, seemed to be flying a slightly erratic straight line flight path if that makes sense. Lastly as it passed over my head going NW, it went about half way to the visible horizon for me and then it’s bright white light dimmed out and that was the last I saw of it. I am 100% sure it was the exact same object going SE as it was when I next saw it not 5 minutes later going the opposite directing of NW. I have no idea what I saw but what I do know is that I can rule out any man made satellite, plane, helicopter and drone. The satellite because of its 180 degree shift in direction in such a short space of time, plus it didn’t appear to be as high up as in space. And we can also rule out any plane, helicopter or drone/UAV as the speed at which this object was travelling far exceeded that of any flying machines mankind operates. I don’t doubt that there must have been more people than just myself that noticed this object and the fact that it flipped 180 degrees on its flight path. Peace.
