{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-08 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54555","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2655,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5504339.json","updb_database_id":5504339}
{cak} UFO sighting in Northern Virginia I-95 S

Coming from a family event (approx. 5 miles away) going southbound on I-95 in Lorton, Virginia; I noticed three reddish-orange lights hovering in the sky. At first glance it didn't seem to be out of the ordinary, and with the area having high air traffic I almost disregarded it. But as I looked further, I could tell these were not Stars due to the very bright nature, or Aircraft due to it not having any of the characteristics of methodical flashing lights or consistent movement. The position of the lights in the sky was directly over the interstate, with two of the lights being level on each side of the highway and the third being slightly lower and on the left of the light on the left side of the highway. I then mention them to my girlfriend in the car, who had been driving. She said that they looked weird but didn't think its was odd. Within the first couple of seconds of her looking at the lights a fourth one appeared in between the two that were positioned on the left side of the highway. At this point I became a little freaked out because lights just don't just appear in the sky and just stay there, and the light was the same color and had the same sort of vibrating/pulsating effect as the other three. The pulsating effect was weird because it wasn't a traditional flashing light where its off then on, but rather the lights was on and had a rapid dim and brighten. All four shared this same characteristic, so I assumed that they were the same things. When the fourth light appeared its position was strange because it formed a small triangle. At this point I try to film the account on my iPhone 5s but coincidentally I was out of storage and did not have space to record. Soon after attempting to record it 2 of the lights that were on the left side of the highway disappeared. I can't recall how they went away, but no sort of movement was witnessed, just the lights appearing and then disappearing. All of this happened in the span of 5 minutes and about 3 miles all of which were southbound.
