{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-05-24 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17230","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3902,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5547339.json","updb_database_id":5547339}
There was a storm on Sunday night before Memorial Day. I was outside around 9:10 pm and a craft dipped into the atmosphere, originating from the big dipper it slowly pased over then gently elevated out of the atmosphere into space on a gradual incline.

i was outside siting in my car smoking a cigaret , i was facing south in a parking lot out side my girl friends house . a storm had just , just passed over head the sky became clear and i could see the stars . this ocured in johnston rhode island right over the town , i was on mill street off of plainfeild pike a main road near the house ! i look up for a split second and bam ! there it is , it originated from with in the big dipper , i clearly looked at the big dipper wich is right over head in the sky at this time of year and at this time of night 930 10 pm . this realy bright craft illuminated as if it was coming directly down from with in the big dipper . it looked like a star at first but then it obviously got coser to earth , it entered the atmosphere actualy that is how bright this craft got . after diving in it slowly traveled south heading for providence the main city in RI . it was a brief encounter only a couple of minutes long , after it reached over head the city it gradually inclined back upward into space. i followed it the whole way, how could anyone miss this thing. the glow of the craft slowly faded as it returned into space and it dissapeared into the blackness of space. this isnt the only encounter that has ocured in my town and state i have witnessed countless craft in the sky some more amazing then others but still as exciting , you just have to take the time to look up !! 

my belief is that the craft showed up a little bit to late , it missed the electrical storm that just passed over Rhode island . it makes alot of sense lightning is an extreme power source , and that craft definatly needs an extreme fuel to travel across the galaxy or further . so i beileve he was going to stop in quick to catch a quick recharge in the lightning storm , but just missed the storm and headed back out to find fuel else where . 

please contact me as soon as possible i have other sightings from the past i would love to discus with someone . i witnessed on 8/8/04 a craft that originated from almost the same location as this one . it entered earths atmosphere and hovered there for a good 5 minutes , then i witnessed somthing i will never forget for the rest of my life , this craft took off at the speed of light , it left a huge blue arch in the sky i followed the arch until it dissapeared into a pin prick . this craft type is very common around here most that i have seen have originated from the same location and most of them where white hot and circular in shape . what i don't understand is how do they pin point earth , or not even earth they can pin point citys and towns , what makes them travel so far to earth or Rhode island for that mater . this sighting was a group sighting with my brother and 2 of his freinds so other people have seen them and do beileve you just have to be patient and search the skys , or lucky for that mater its not every day you see somthing like this . i am a very honest person and would not lie about such a life changing experiance please believe me , they are real !
