{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-07 19:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95443","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2797,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5465339.json","updb_database_id":5465339}
{tjd} Two together one fires laser/ hit other one and colored dust came off one hovered while orbs 1 big 2 small orbs atacked ship with lights

I was out side waiting for taxi. My back was toward the house and my front was facing street. It was so quiet. Suddenly I heard a subtle thud I looked over my left shoulder that's when I saw two objects : one was triangle with 4 lights under it. It was being attacked by a large dull silver matalic object was firing a white colored laser at ship. then orb let's out two little orbs similar to large orb . Smaller orbs were hidden in the middle of the colorful mist facing injured ship while larger orb went a bit higher and further away but visible on camera. The ship that was injured stayed in our view with the 2 little orbs hovering with ship finally after a 30 minute stand off between UFOs the large black injured ship kept its light on orbs and slowly hovered away South into distance cut its lights off or disappeared into distance. I have a nice camera on phone but the machanics of phone started acting up,stayed acting funny. I could not stay still my vision kept clearing and blurring I was terafied I thought they were going to crash until the cameras flashings from witnesses cameras started flashing that got orbs attention so it stop attacking the other and they were hovering silently and I could only feel a vibration of sort it was absolutely amazing, and scary. The second time in my life I witness ufo"s . But i have witnessed 3 different ships. This film October 7 2018 showed two types a triangle with light under it and lights around sides like head lights or flood lights. Orbs one big round one that had two little orbs. 10 years ago i witnessed a up side down hammer type flying object people laughed at me but this time i had a fabulous camera.I am not tech savvy but I got some of action on video this time. Incredible
