{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-06-18 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4878,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5518339.json","updb_database_id":5518339}
My brother had a close encounter with a UFO craft that was observed close to the ground on this very remote beach area on a this small Carribean island.

My brother worked as a civilian security patrol guard at the former NARF(naval ammunitions reserve facility) US NAVY base in Vieques, P.R. about 15-20 years ago. Although for some reason(maybe the language barrier) little has been informed to the public about it, this area has had a fairly large history of UFO and Alien activity. This activity was concentrated and has been recorded to had happened here more during the years that the US NAVY operated and had they're base facilities here. It is said that many people who were there at some time during those years observed and witnessed several unexplained UFO and Alien beings encounters. This eye witness reports were people that included civilian security personel, local police officers, US NAVY personell stationed at the base there, and civilians from the island. It is known that some of this unusual encounters and incidents were recorded and entered into official records by the US NAVY people. And also that this records became US Government "Classified Information". Vieques is a very small Carribean island and part of Puerto Rico a few miles south-east of the main island. The US military occupied 3/4 of the whole island for over 50 years until around the year 2004 when they ended operations there. They had two military bases there, this particular one on this story was the US NAVY on the West side of the island. And it was a location were NAVY stored naval ammunitions for the Atlantic fleet. You can see Vieques and both od this the military bases there that were feautured in Clint Easwood's movie Heartbreak Ridge (1986). My brother was working as a civilian patrol security guard there when he had this encounter. He recalls that on this occasion, him and a security guard partner were patrolling doing they're rounds around this very remote area on the hills on the base facilities area. And while they were at at one of the ammunitions storage magazine warehouse, they spotted in the distance a very unusual craft(UFO)hovering in the air over this remote beach area. My brother in total disbelieve became very inquisitive about what he was observing. And talked to his partner about wanting to drive down to that area to take a closer look to see what this thing was. But his partner seemed to be full of fear about it, and did not wanted to drive down there to get any closer to the object. My brother observed that this thing hovering in the air over that beach was emitting all this very unusual colored-lights and that is was something like he had never seen before. And he could not explain to himself what that thing was. But whatever it was, it did not appear to be like something out of this Earth. He did not wanted to go alone down there closer to that beach area to investigate what that thing was. Finally he was able to convinced his very frightful partner to join him and drive they're 4-wheel drive patrol vehicle down there and take a closer look at it. According to his description of the account, they drove down from this hill area down this remote beach 4-weels trail and stopped the vehicle a little distance away from where the craft was still hovering over the beach. And he got out of the vehicle mesmerized observing all this wierd display of colored lights comming out of this hovering craft. He went back into the vehicle and brought out this spot light with him. And then he began to flash like signals to this craft. At this, it sounds like the craft noticed they're precence nearby. And inmediatly turned and began hovering and approching them at a very fast speed until it came to a distance right above they're heads. And even with both being so frightened by this, they observed all this lights comming out of it and then like a light beam began comming out from the bottom of the craft at them. Inmediatly panicking and back inside the vehicle they managed to peel away and make a run down that trail away from that thing for dear life. And they kept going until they got back to the base buildings area. And this story is one of the several others UFO/allien encounters that had occured over the years on this area in Vieques, P.R.
