{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-17 07:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53523","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5505339.json","updb_database_id":5505339}
{cak} 3 orange orbs and 2 superbright large stars-saw star go bright and disappear

I don't know if this classifies as one sighting or multiple sightings so I will enter everything in this report. On today's date Jan 17, 2014 I left with my son to drop him off at his high school at 6:50AM Arizona time. We live in a small town about 20 miles south of Phoenix. As I was heading east on my street I noticed what appeared to be an extremely bright and larger then normal star at about 30 degrees off my horizon. It appeared to be pulsating. I take my son each morning to school at this time so it was different from what I normally see. The sun was still about 30 minutes from rising so still dark out. As I was driving on highway 347 going south to his school I noticed a second really bright large star to the east. It appeared to be about 30 degrees off the horizon as well. I could see both bright stars. The one I saw earlier was at a bearing of about 45 degrees and looked like it was towards the superstition mountains which as the crow flies would be about 40 miles from me. The other bright star light was about at a bearing of 105 degrees. I dropped my son off at the back of his school by the gym which is the west side of the school and went out to the street that run east. I know longer saw the second bright star that was at a bearing of 105 degrees but I could still see the first star that was at a bearing of 45 degrees. It was still pulsating between bright and slightly less bright. As I am sitting about 5 cars back at the light on W.Honeycutt Ave and highway 347 by his school facing due east watching this star it suddenly got really bright for about a second then it just completely disappeared. This was at about 7:11 AM according to my Jeep clock. I was searching the skies to see if it had moved and when I was looking at the area where the second star had been to see if it might have come back instead I saw what appeared to be three orange orbs at about the same bearing 105 degrees where the bright star light was a few minutes earlier. Two were at about the same height of around 20 degrees off the horizon and one was about 2 degrees lower. At this point I wanted to try and get a picture of them so I drove to an open farmers field about a mile south of where I was and parked by a school bus whose driver was waiting I suppose to start his middle school run. I was on the eastside of highway 347 on the southside of Ferrel road looking at the three orange orbs that appeared to be 15-20 miles away at a bearing of 105 degrees. I took about four pictures with my iphone but the distance was too far away for me to see them on my phone. The orbs appeared to me slowly going south as I was using a telephone pole i the distance to see it was moving towards it. This was about 7:13am Arizona time. I don't know if the school bus driver saw the orange orbs as he was facing due east on the side of the road but he left after a few minutes. As far as distance from me to the orange orbs I am guessing about 15 miles as it appeared to be somewhere by the city of Casa Grande and maybe the I-10 area. It seems like highway 84 going east to Casa Grande would have taken you right into the orbs from my perspective. I know from now on when I take my son to school I am going to make sure I have my hand held video camera with me as then I could have zoomed in on the objects. I am listing myself as the only witness but my son saw both stars as well as we commented on how bright they were compared to normal. He did not see the orange orbs. I am going to send the pictures I took on my iphone to my brother as he might be able to enhance the pictures better to see if you can see anything. I couldn't see the orbs on them due to dusk was occurring at the time of the orbs so they were right in the middle of dusk and a great distance away. I haven't looked at the video I took yet as I have to download it from my phone. If anything is worth posting I will make an additional report and add it. Thanks.
