{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-18 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113010","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3313,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5290339.json","updb_database_id":5290339}
Large rectanglular object larger than any plane ever witnessed, appeared to be approximate size of aircraft carrier

As I was heading west on Centralia road approx 300 yds west of Chester rd (approx 4520 Centralia Rd). I viewed a large rectangular object hovering just south of me. It was flat. With numerous randomly placed whitish blue lights on the bottom, a red light in the very center bottom. It had very very defined straight perimeter/sides that had multiple lights of varying sizes along the two edges that I could see that clearly showed it as a square or rectangular object. I was on the phone with my wife and literally became speechless mid-sentence as I had/have never seen any object so large in the sky and never an object of that shape. I hung up and turned my vehicle around in the first driveway that I could. It appeared to be 3-4 times larger than the 757 type commercial airplanes that I routinely see approaching for landing at my local airport (RIC) of which is north of my location. I was in awe, I stepped out of my vehicle and watched as the lights around the outer edges appeared to pulsate in a weird pattern, as it hovered it turned 90 degrees and slowly moved away about a couple hundred yards south. Then it hovered again for approx 10-15 seconds. It turned 90 degrees again and then began to move east slowly. I climbed back in my vehicle and attempted to head east on Centralia rd. Then I finally thought to record it so I grabbed my cell phone and was able to get approx 10 seconds of footage before my wife called me back not knowing why I had hung up mid sentence. It made my phone video stop recording. I watched it for approx another 10 seconds and then it tilted/flipped up with the side that had been facing down now facing east as if flipped up on its side and it moved off in a Southeast direction almost looked as if it was flipping or rolling at the fastest that I’ve ever seen anything fly. The red light was very bright as it moved out of sight within seconds. I was hesitant to tell anyone because I didn’t want anyone thinking I was crazy.
