{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-30 22:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4113,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5473339.json","updb_database_id":5473339}
{jpg} CRAZY LARGE FAST GLOWING OBJECT

I wish I had been recording during the event. I check the skies almost every night for odd objects out my windows. If I see something interesting, I go outside with my good camera. Tonight, I saw a star-like object in the sky that was more like a cigar shape (up and down) rather than round. So I headed out. I was trying to zoom in on this thing and watch it, to see its shape better and also to see if it was moving at all.

 I swear people are going to think I am crazy or something because I have been reporting A LOT of activity lately. It is unfortunate to seem insane with what I am about to say but I am very very very serious about UFOs and E.T.s. I would never ever report any untrue evidence to take the focus off of real sightings. In my lifetime, I want to see the world come to know the truth. I would never do anything to compromise that. So I guess you will just have to take my word for it.

 While I was zooming into this object on my camera, to the left of me, high tree-top level, the brightest largest thing I have ever seen zoomed over my head super fast. It appeared out of nowhere and was over my head/house in a split second. It had to have been the size of I don't even know, maybe an NBA basketball court? It was a giant oval/disc. The entire thing was glowing super bright white and had a gigantic tail that lasted as long as the object itself did. It was so bright, that it lit up my hands and some objects in the area, like the shiny posts on my back porch and the fencing in the back yard.

 I was so freaked and surprised by this, I jumped up from a kneeling position and exclaimed "HOLY ****!". My next-door neighbors homes, on each side, are within 15 feet of my home. They had to have heard me. The first thing I thought to do was look around and listen. I heard someone next-door, or possibly a couple doors down talking quietly. My immediate reaction was to listen to if they saw it too. Someone had to have seen this!!! It was so fast, if they weren't looking up at that exact time, they wouldn't have.

 What I found most eerie about this sighting is that everything was absolutely silent besides for the crickets. When you see objects high up in the sky that are silent, which is what I have always seen, I guess you assume they are far away, so if they do make any noise, maybe you just can't hear it. But when something that large, bright, fast and right there, right at tree-top level is silent!!!!????... That gave me chills and my heart dropped to my stomach. This is the type of thing I thought would never in a million years happen to me. The type of thing I would only wish of experiencing.

 About a minute and a half later, a helicopter flew over my house in the direction the object had been heading. However, I live in a major city. There are helicopters flying over daily. I do want to mention that. I do not want anyone to assume a helicopter is a for sure sign of something near where I live because it is not. But usually, they are headed toward the direction of our highways and are during rush hour on weekdays, to report traffic. It was about 20 minutes ago, at 10:30pm on a Saturday night. 

 Also, when I see an object near my home, I always wonder if they have a particular interest in the area because of the airport, NASA research center and a bomber plant built in 1942 all not too far away. Oddly, this object, had it continued zooming in the exact direction it was, would have passed right over these places.
