{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-26 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30420","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3242,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5525339.json","updb_database_id":5525339}
Observed three bright red orange lights that I believe were craft entering earth's atmosphere.

On June 26th 2011 at approxamately 2230hrs I was sitting on my back porch in Portland Or. enjoying a rare nice evening this year. I observed 2 bright red orange lites that at first appeared to be suspended in the sky directly west of my location one above the other. At first I thought it was aircraft on approach to PDX located about a mile north of my location until I realized that the lights were not blinking and were really too bright to be aircraft lights. My next thought was that some fool had fired off parachute flares over a densely populated area until I realized that the lights were not suspended but were actually coming directly toward me from due west. I then thought that maybe they were military helocoptors as they appeared to actually be decending one in trail of the other similar to low bird / high bird cover tactics used in the Vietman war. However as I continued to observe the lights changed direction in a gradual turn to a south easterly heading and the shape of the lights changed from a sphirical shape to an I shape as they passed to my south at what appeared now to be at extremely high altitude. As I watched the heading of the lights became more southerly until they faded and I could no longer see them. There was absolutely no sound. Approxamately ten minutes later I observed a third bright red lead colored light in the same location in the sky that I had first seen the earlier lights. This time I had binoculars and was able to see clearly that what I was watching was actually a cone of light that had some sort of a craft at its apex that was cigar or missle shaped and very bright silver colored. The cone of light trailing behind apeared to be ten to twenty times longer than the craft at its apex. I'm a retired fire fighter and have a fire science degree. The cone did not appear to be any form of combustion but appeared more like ionizing gas that was lumenesing not burning. This third object followed the same flight pattern as the first two and faded as it proceeded south on a south eastern heading. Again I heard no sound. I do not know what I saw, but I know that what ever they were they were flying mighty high and mighty fast. 
The elapsed time from when I first observed the lights until they faded was only 50 to 120 seconds and they covered a large portion of the sky in this short time. I believe that what I saw were three space craft entering the earth's atmosphere. My best guess is that we have a military space program. A thought I've had is that Groom Lake is south east of Portland Oregon.
