{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-03-11 10:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470339","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90159","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/339/mufon-5470339.json","updb_database_id":5470339}
I have had several experiences this is just one of them

I was on my way to an appointment with a client on the other side of the city and was going down the freeway over a large bridge over water. All of a sudden I saw a ball of light traveling slowly on the opposite side of the road. There was a policemen on a motorcycle following the orb slowly holding back traffic getting on to the freeway from the on ramp.I was watching the orb when all of a sudden it crossed over to my side of the road and passed through the car and my self then went straight through the pillar on the bridge and suddenly dropped straight down like it wrnt in the water below. When the orb passed through me and the car it felt like time just stood still and everything just felt wavy. After that I found my self parked on the side of the freeway 5kms from where it happened with no memory of what had happened and how i had gotten of the bridge and then drove through a 2km tunnel and ended up parked on the side of the road with the car off. I turned the car back on and continued to go to the clients home. I had left early and should have arrived before my appointment. Upon reaching the clients home I knocked on the door then the gentleman started yelling at me because I was 15 minutes late. The time on the cloxk in the car was actually 15 minute behind the actual time.I only remember this whole thing had happened only about three weeks to a month later. The funny thing was that there was nothing on the news about the orb on the freeway even though a policemen was holding back traffic. The date and time I am not 100 percent sure but i can find out if I look into my work history and pay slips.

I really hope someone contacts me so I can better explain this in greater detail. This has not been my only experience I have had 7 different experiences in total. I would really love to speak to someone so I can get a better understanding of what is going on.
