{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-22 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492584","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66948","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3376,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/584/mufon-5492584.json","updb_database_id":5492584}
{rjl} 2 lights, heading down then disappeared out of my line of sight, I have video, last video didn't work

I was on my back porch having a cigarette taking my dogs potty, the minute we got outside the dogs looked up and started barking at something in sky, I looked up and saw 2 lights that were not there night before because 2 nights ago I saw the big one, just one and it was really bright and dogs were barking at it do it got my attention. I checked last night thinking I was crazy and it wasn't there until tonight.
I got video from my cell phone and it's not that great, but it looked to me as if there were 3 large white lights and you would see red and red orange with greenish blue every once in a while flash. Then I sat and watched as the big one went downwards and I couldn't see it anymore. My daughter watched the big one go down with me, the last video I was recording as the small one went downwards and was going out of my line of sight which took 3 1/2 minutes, all of a sudden I couldn't stop video, my camera ( cellphone) stopped working and we cannot play the video either so I deleted it, but I have the other videos I took. Planes fly over sparks all the time, we know planes and these were not planes or helicopters. I do not know what they were but they were off in the distance. I was shocked, panicky, and my daughter told me to make sure I locked the back door ( which we never do because we have 3 pit bulls and it's highly unlikely that anyone would break in due to that)
She's pregnant and she got weirded out. 
I don't know how to explain it it its a feeling like you got a stalker and your being watched. My dogs over last 6 months have been barking at backyard while in the house usually only in evenings or middle of night they'll wake me up barking as my bedroom faces the backyard. I've heard noises out there late at night like banging metal, someone out there but every time I check it stops and doesn't happen again and the dogs run around the yard line they are looking for someone. Could be nothing, maybe another animal is what I thought, but as I'm typing this I started thinking about it making it good for, in my opinion, an honorable mention.
I'm not crazy and I don't tell whoppers, I just really honestly don't know what it was.
I have an iPhone 6 if you can tell me how to restore the video I deleted, I will and maybe you can get it to work.
