{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-09-01 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547584","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/584/mufon-5547584.json","updb_database_id":5547584}
Saw a UFO one morning as I was delivering papers.

One morning, in the late 70's, either May, June, or September, at approximately 5:30 AM, I was delivering the Tribune-Review, Greensburg, PA's local paper (later bought out by Pittsburgh and became SW PA's main newspaper). I was walking down the middle of the street, sun was still rising, when I saw a metallic disc, perhaps 200 feet off the ground and maybe a mile away, fly from my left, stop dead center in front of me, hover silently and motionless for approximately 2 to 4 minutes, and then sped off to my right in a perfect horizontal line so fast that it was out of my sight completely, in 2 seconds. At this instance, I knew exactly what it was; it was a flying saucer U.F.O., with no other explanation. The physics were such that nothing else on earth, from this time period anyway, could explain what it was. There is nothing to this day, thirty years later, that can move so swiftly and precisely through air. Nothing. The only potential witnesses I saw was a car driving in the road in front of me, about 1/4 mile in the valley below. I am unsure that the car saw the craft because the UFO was above them and back behind a tree line, but their car appeared to be moving very slowly on a road where people drive like crazy, so I have reason to believe they may have witnessed it with me. They did not stop, and continued westbound on Route 30. 

It is difficult for me to tell how large the craft was, maybe 50 feet long, but it was definitely disc or saucer-shaped, made no sound, stopped in mid-air on a dime, and sped off faster than I could move my eyes. At the time, I was not frightened, but more alive than I'd ever felt. In my mind, I felt like it was a privilege to witness it, because I know that most people never get a glimpse of something like that. My instinct was not to run off and hide behind a tree, but to stand and stare straight at it. I stood motionless just watching it, and thinking perhaps it was showing itself to me to prove that it exists. There were no lights that I could see, and the sun was mostly up anyway. It didn't seem particularly shiny, but certainly grey-ish. After it left, I stood there, chuckled to myself, and thought, 'Wow, hot damn! I just saw a UFO!' I finished my paper route and made it home, as I had to shower and head off to junior high school. I just felt it should be business-as-usual.
I wondered who to tell, if anyone, but when I got home, as I walked into the dining room, my mother and father were both there, my father about to leave for work. I decided to tell them what I saw. My mother looked at me like I was joking, my father said nothing. I smiled and said (rather callously to my beloved parents) 'I don't care if you believe me or not, but I just saw a UFO. And you can ask me 20 years from now and my story will be exactly the same, because I did see it'. I went to school but I don't think I told anybody, not even my closest friends. As the day passed, I wanted to tell more people, and was soon wondering if I possibly could have been hallucinating or daydreaming. A few days later, I was in the shower getting ready for school, when my mother started shouting for me to hurry up and come into the kitchen. I asked why and she said to hurry up. By the time I got dry and something to wear on, my mother was standing in the kitchen next to the radio, smiled, and said that people have been calling in KDKA Radio in Pittsburgh and reporting that they saw a UFO in Greensburg a few mornings earlier, the same day I saw mine. I said, 'See? I told you I wasn't lying, I saw that thing!', and she said 'Wow, I believe you.' We never really spoke about it again.

Over the years I've told noone but a few sceptical friends, and the memory threatens to get hazy. But it was such a shocking, exhiliarating experience, and so simple to remember, very crystal clear and cut for me.
I never wrote anything down for myself for posterity, but I do have some trouble with the exact date. I know for sure that I had the paper route in 1979, and maybe earlier, and I remember it could not have happened in July or early August as I was not in school for those months. I vaguely remember wearing a short sleeve shirt, no jacket, that morning, so it must have been anywhere from May to October. 
I don't remember seeing any TV reports locally, and I don't remember seeing any reports in the newpapers (ironically, the Tribune-Review, the paper I was delivering the morning of the experience). I know I'll never forget what I saw, and it's kept my life wonderous knowing that I was witness to something people don't know about, let alone believe. I just always laugh when I watch shows where such buttoned-down professorial debunkers throw around ridiculous hypothesis for what UFO's people see, i.e. weather balloons, storm sprites, ball lightening, zany cloud formations, etc. There is more to this life. I don't know about Gods, and religion, but I do know that UFO's exist.
