{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-02-15 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452584","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109055","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/584/mufon-5452584.json","updb_database_id":5452584}
Huge silent lifted off and straight up

The only reason I remember this is because of the fact that my mom had taken me to see The Last Unicorn and then to a K.I.S.S. concert immediately after the movie in Reno. It was my first concert and, on the way back, we both had to pee so stopped and each found a Bush at the side of hwy 395. It had been in the papers that cattle (both cows and sheep - including some from my grandfather's ranch) had either gone missing altogether or were found with various body parts mutilated or removed completely. Well, we were facing an empty, fenced off area and were within sight of each other as my mom and I had a rule about being out of the truck. We both squatted down and were mid-stream when we noticed a VERY bright, white light out past the fence in front of us. I thought it was a farmer in a tractor, being the kid I was. But my mom took one look and yelled for me to get back in the truck NOW! She was trying to run and pull up her Jean's as she yelled at me, in a full panic. We made it back to the truck and started at the HUGE ball of light that was lifting off the ground. Within seconds, it went straight up and slightly toward town and then vanished as if it were a shooting star only in reverse and so close to straight up that we both had to get back out of the truck to watch it go. I remember having nightmares for a few weeks after that but i dont remember what about except that they were bad enough to make me run into the bathroom and sleep on the floor or in the tub with the light on all night.

My mom's phone number is not correct above as i have not asked her for her permission to give it to you. I will ask her and, should you choose to follow up on a case that is so old, I'm hoping she will talk with you about that night.
