{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-14 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529584","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25936","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/584/mufon-5529584.json","updb_database_id":5529584}
Observed two large white blinking lights,traveling together, slow moving, no sound,

My wife and I were laying in bed, around 9:45pm, October 14, 2010, both of us fully awake. We had just gotten our daughter to sleep 5-10 minutes earlier, and were talking quietly, when my wife noticed something outside in the night sky. (Which was entirely clear of cloud cover at that time, no outside light pollution in that direction). What drew my attention was the curious tone of her voice when she said, "What is that?"
 I got up out of bed and looked out the bedroom window, which is small and at a height of approximately 5' from the floor. I observed to very slow-moving lights, not blinking per say, such as a bulb illuminating when a switch is thrown, but more like pulsing. (From very bright to extinguished). They were in close proximity to one another and maintained their distance as far as I could ascertain. 
 This window I was looking out of faces roughly South, and the objects were moving in a South-West direction at a leisurely pace. I would estimate that the distance from my location to the lights to be 1/2 to 3/4 of a mile. Also, I would estimate their altitude to be 1500 ft or less, and that did not change for as long as we could see them. I immediately told her that the objects were airplanes or helicopters, and slid open the window to prove my point. 
 However, to my surprise, there was no discernible sound coming from the direction of the lights. No thup-thup-thup of helicopter rotors, roar of jet engines or sound that prop planes make. (I am fairly familiar with the sound of most aircraft, more so military than civilian. I did two tours in Iraq with the Army infantry and saw all kinds of aircraft in action. Kiowa "Little Birds", Black Hawks, fighter planes and A-10 Warthog ground attack jets, etc., and I've ridden on Black Hawks and Chinooks. I feel secure in stating here that these lights made no sound and as far as I am aware, there is no publicly-known military aircraft that is 100% silent.)
 Around the time I slid open the window, she had gotten out of bed and walked over to the window to join me in watching these lights. She remarked that she didn't hear them making any sound, as I had noticed already, and we watched in silence for a few minutes to see what they would do.
 After about 2 minutes, the lights moved behind some trees that obscured our view for approximately 30 seconds. At that point I noticed that there were two other aircraft within my view, both at much higher altitudes, both moving much faster, and in opposite directions. (One moving roughly West, and the other East.) These aircraft had the common blinking red and white lights that I have previously observed at night on commercial and private planes. I assume they are running lights or marking lights. The difference between these two obviously normal aircraft and the two brighter, bigger, and pulsating lights was immediately apparent to myself and my wife. I remarked to her at that time that the lights were not the same in appearance, and she agreed.
 At this point, my attention was drawn back to the first lights we had observed, as they were coming back into view, as they were clearing the trees which had obscured our view. It was then that we both noticed that one of them had either gone out, been shut off, or had changed direction and it had moved out of our sight when behind the tree line. This now singular light was moving roughly South-South West for approximately 30 seconds, at the same speed as before. 
 I was wondering what had happened to the second light when it suddenly reappeared and was, as far as I could tell, at the same distance apart from the first light as it was before. (This occurred well after the first light had cleared the trees, i.e., the treeline was not obscuring the second light from our vision. I thought this extremely odd, and my wife did as well.
 We watched these lights until they moved out of our line of sight from our bedroom window (by that I mean the lights moved past where we could see them from our window, still in the roughly South-West direction). For some reason we did not go outside to try to observe them further. At this point my wife said something like, "What kind of airplane is that big?" Until that point I hadn't speculated about these two lights being attached to one object; I was viewing them with the assumption they were two separate and distinct objects. But once she said that, I realized that would explain the precise distance separating the two lights, and their matching speed. 
 While this sighting was going on, my strongest emotion was curiosity. I was not fearful of what I was seeing, merely perplexed. My wife stated that she had a "weird" feeling while watching these lights, and I could say the same, as would anyone when seeing something he/she cannot logically explain. After the lights had left our view, we both commented on how strange they were and how we both didn't know what they were. 
 I am still at a loss as to what the light(s) were, or what object(s) they were attached to. 

(Side note: Neither myself or my wife drink alcoholic beverages or use illegal drugs. At the time of this sighting we were both fully awake and sober).
