{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-17 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453584","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108040","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5387,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/584/mufon-5453584.json","updb_database_id":5453584}
{rjl} Saw 150 to 300, satellite like objects traveling along two paths, from south to north approximately 20 degrees off of magnetic North.

We were camping just South of Irish Canyon in Browns Park, Colorado. The sky was clear. The air was crisp and cool. No Wind. We were setting next to the camp fire after eating dinner and cleaning up. We began watching the sky as we often do and noticed multiple satellite like objects. The time was within minutes of 9:00 pm. The lights were easily visible even over the light from the camp fire. In general, they were traveling along two paths (although there was another path far to the west about 30 degrees above the horizon). The paths were spaced apart, about the distance between the first and last stars in the handle of the big dipper. The East most path (which passed directly overhead) was the most consistent and prominent path. This perfect line (path), featured these objects, evenly spaced, about the length of the handle of the big dipper. One trailing directly behind the other. At any one time we could count 10 to 12 objects on this path, spanning from about 30 degrees above the southern horizon to where we would lose sight of them about 30 degrees above the northern horizon. They were traveling slightly faster than the average satellite, about 1.5 to 1.75 times faster than most satellites. This path passed through the Big Dipper. To the West of that path (about the distance between the first and last stars in the handle of the big dipper) was another path (South to North). This path also featured these same objects but they were not as consistent and less frequent. On occasion we would see between 2 and 4 objects tightly grouped, in formation, traveling along these same paths. On 3 or 4 occasions, an object would come into sight in a Bright Flash of light, slightly out of line, then take off traveling about twice the speed of the others, also traveling South to North, but having what seemed to be a slight intercept course with the path of the other more consistent lights. This intercept course may have been an optical illusion due to the distance at closing. All of these objects where brighter than any other visible satellite's that we could see. Not as bright as the brightest observable star to the West. They were as bright or brighter than any star in the big dipper. They did not blink like the airplanes that we did see in the sky. Some crossing paths within a very tight “sight picture”. They made no noise. In the first 15 minutes of the sighting there seemed to be more objects in the sky at one time and more “clusters”. We estimated that we saw roughly 30 to 50 in the first 10 to 15 minutes. After the first 10 to 15 minutes had passed, it dawned on us to attempt recording the activity. As we struggled to take pictures and video of the night sky, I decided to begin a voice recording on my phone to document the events. We did not observe any of the lights changing direction. Over the course of about 45 minutes, we estimate having seen between 150 to 200 of these objects. That number does not include the numerous other basic satellites and airplanes that we usually would expect to see and did see. It may also be notable (possibly due to COVID-19 and travel bans) that we did not see as many airplanes as we usually do. We did see a few standard "Shooting Stars", but nothing out of the ordinary. Over the course of the sighting, I did use our binoculars to look at the objects as mentioned, normal satellites and the few airplanes we did see. These unidentified objects were not anything like the airplanes. They were similar but brighter than the normal satellites. In addition, as mentioned before, there was also what seemed to be a "path" far off to the West which we were not watching much at first. As the sightings directly overhead began to decrease in frequency, we began noticing that there was an inordinate amount of "Satellites" traveling along this Western path as well. At that time, they were not as bright or consistent as the ones I just described. After about an hour of watching and trying to record this activity, our necks were sore and we were exhausted and decided to relax and go to bed. In anticipation of the possibility of seeing them the following night (4/18/20), we set up our spotting scope with the cell phone attached and tried to learn how to video the night sky. Unfortunately, there was no activity that we felt was out of the ordinary that night. My wife may have some video and photo footage of the events on 04/17/20.
