{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-02 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502584","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2812,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/584/mufon-5502584.json","updb_database_id":5502584}
{rjl} Witnessed a formation of lights traveling suspiciously low crossing over my highway of travel

My daughter and I were traveling home after watching a movie at our favorite theater, Movies Ten. We headed home on state route 78 traveling in an easterly direction. The radio was on and both windows were down about 3-4", the sky was very dark that night. We had just passed under the overpass for the new highway that was not yet open or operational at the time. Suddenly I caught a quick glimpse of lights flying in a straight line across the highway in a NW direction at an VERY low altitude. I looked at my daughter and said "did you see that?" she replied with wide eyes "yeah" I asked "what was that?" all she said was "I don't know". I then leaned forward looking out my windshield waiting for a break in the tree cover so that maybe I might catch another glimpse of it and confirm in my mind that it was completely explainable. I got to that break but it was too late no lights, but now I am alert and watching. And suddenly the same formation of lights crossed the highway again traveling in the same NW path as the first set of lights. They were set in a triangle pattern, three large lights all set at the points and all red in color, a fourth pulsating white light set halfway and slightly forward of the two back lights, it appeared that there could have been more lights along the back edge or they could have been reflections of the red point lights, I can't be sure which it was. The distance between the lights led me to believe that the object was as large if not larger than a commercial aircraft, I do feel like it was one solid craft. I got a good look at the second set of lights and every hair on my body stood on end, I could not make out any craft edges or shape. The UFO was flying so low and I never heard any noise, I am honestly unsure if there was any radio interference, I don't remember being able to even hear the radio at that moment. My daughter was very shaken and doesn't want to talk about it. When I think about it or speak about it to someone I get the same feeling I had when I saw it the first time, all my hair stands up on end. It was honestly a life changing experience.
