{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-11 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488804","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2660,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/804/mufon-5488804.json","updb_database_id":5488804}
Have it on night scope, not sure how it gets so close undetected , starts as stationary aprox 200m away, then shoots into distance silently , getting brighter as it goes.

I was testing my new night scope I had built with video camara attached and recording, with soul purpose of captureing these events on camara , i had been out my back yard , filming for aprox 45 mins, when i noticed a bright object (orb) very close just off to my right aprox 200 meters away aprox 200 meter off the ground. I quickly got camara onto object and began recording when it almost instantly began to get brighter , I for a split second thought it was a helicopter spotlight shineing on me and comeing in my direction, but quickly relised 1. There is no sound. 2 . Its actualy travelling away from me. The iniatal glare of it getting brighter was it powering up to shoot away at an incredible speed. I aproxmate it travelled couple of miles in less than 5 seconds. Where it no was size of a small star , as it began to slow down and changed direction now moveing from right to left across my scope screen . 
I have it all recorded and have uploaded to youtube. Ive tryed myself to determin what it is, but im no computer expert. At its distance , from a starting position to reach the speed it did, in my opion is imposible useing current technoligies, even jet with afterburners would have nocked me on my backside. This is not first time ive seen this object, or objects simalar, but is best in regards to video evidqnce I managed to catch it on tape. Later when i was copying film from camara to laptop i noticed 4 pictures in my camras memory , only they wernt pictures id taken or even could be taken they look like diagrams of some kind, not sure if they meen anything or even if its related . Attached them to have a look, if u want to look at tape plse email me with caps in title.
