{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-07 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513804","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44453","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8335,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/804/mufon-5513804.json","updb_database_id":5513804}
(GS) Blinking triangular shape, multicolored lights and white glowing orb like discs

Ive been seeing strange triangular shaped, multicolored flashing lights in the sky, mainly to the east but all around my house for a couple of months now. I live in rural Texas, a town called Blum, that is just south of the DFW metroplex. I am a recent college graduate with a degree in psychology. I live with my parents just outside of town. On the evening of Oct. 21st, 2012, the guy I was dating (who happened to be an ex-Marine) and I were sitting out on the front porch watching the sun set. It was about 6:30-6:45pm and we saw something odd in the western sky, a dark object just over the horizon. I asked him if he could see it too, and he looked. As soon as he did, he stood up and was silent, almost catatonic for a few seconds, then asked me in a very expressive way if I had seen what he just saw. According to him, it was as though he was peering into the cosmos. I didn't have the same experience he did. I could just see the object floating off in the distance. It was too far away to make out a distinct shape and was hovering in the valley between our house and the other side of the valley that makes up the Nolan River basin. Hwy 174 runs along this from Cleburne to Meridian. Anyway, we observed this for hours, even after the sun went down and my dad and stepmom joined us when they got home from work. We observed it through binoculars and discovered that it was triangular in shape and that there were multicolored blinking lights on every corner of it. It appeared to move around ever so slightly. You could even clearly see the iridescent twinkle to it with just the naked eye. Eventually while we were looking at it, we began to see white bright objects that were itty bitty shooting off it and streaking across the sky. Probably tens, maybe even hundreds of them. My stepmom was the first to see this since we were passing the binoculars around. They shot off in all directions and disappeared. Although, when observing through the binoculars, it seemed like we could see some returning to the place of origin (the twinkling triangular craft). The white objects were disc shaped and very fast/agile.

It may also be important to note this at this time: several times during the month of September 2012, I noticed a disc shaped object floating like it was parked just above the trees just on the other side of the valley. It was bright and had yellow/white lights pulsating in sequence around it. At the bottom of the hill on our side, which is also where the cemetery and school house sit (our house is on top of the grade, overlooks the whole valley) there were, on several occasions, blue light figures. I don't know how best to describe them, it was like a blue flame head and the body wasnt quite discernible over such a distance (about a half mile away). But it seemed like they were beckoning to me. This happened for about a week in September. I would still see the strange blue lights from time to time throughout the month.

On the evening of Dec. 2nd, 2012, my dad, stepmom and I were sitting out on the back porch which faces the east. I saw the same kind of twinkling lights like what we had been seeing before in October and asked them if I was the only one seeing this. So they turned the lights out in the house and we all walked out back to the edge of the house and lo and behold there were a bunch of them in a formation like this: 
   
               .
      .         .        .
               .
( imagine an oblong plus sign made up of points of light and there in the middle vertically there are three in a row, closer to eachother than the ones on the horizontal sided are apart from the middle.) 
All of them were twinkling, although it was a little more difficult to see the distinctive colors of the lights emitted on the ones that are in a formation of a vertical line. The ones on the ends are much more visible and have been ever since that night and today is 12/11/12. 

Also, on the night of Dec. 7th, I witnessed the most wonderful of all of these encounters. I was sitting out on the back porch, just observing this formation that I just described and the others that I have began to see also in the area around my house. I was looking in the direction of SE and I spotted a low flying one of these triangular shaped, multicolored blinking crafts probably about a football field length or maybe two off the ground rather close to my house. The colors on this were very distinctive and I noticed something else odd about it. It seemed to be flying at a 45 degree angle and there was a large, bright white light coming from one side of it that was kind of obscured by the rest of the craft. So I continued to watch this slowly drift across the sky until it started coming towards me. The closer it approached the further up in the sky it went. Then it stopped in mid-air. It started performing beautiful acrobatics and the feeling I had inside me was of purest joy! I felt like a little kid. During this time, I was texting my boyfriend (he and I have been dating on and off for the last year now) and he was at a party. Of course I was describing to him before just the craziness that had been going on for the last few days as far as seeing these things in the sky every night. Then, when this light started dancing across the sky I watched it for a few minutes before texting him about the incredible thing I was experiencing right at that moment. I remember consciously asking (in my mind) it to please not got away while I texted him. Anyway, he texted me back that he was shocked and since he was at a party I didn't think he would answer my call if I called right then, but I had the impulse to. So I did. While the cell was ringing, the craft started slowly drifting to the right, which was also south and the direction that he lives. It stopped moving when he picked up. And so I began describing what I was seeing, the motions it was making and all. Then it appeared to sign my name in the sky and I was like "no way!!" and told my boyfriend what it just did. Then he asked if I thought it could do his, and without knowing what his name was (it is saved as his nickname in my phone even), it signed his name. And then we were speculating on it and what its appearance could mean, especially around when it was happening date wise and so on, and we asked it if this would be a good time to ask questions. It drifted to the right on answers that were yes, or qualifying and then back to the center. It drifted to the left on answers that were no, or disqualifying and then back to the center. It also made a swirly-cue downward motion almost like the threads on a screw to answers that were too complex/werent ready to be given yet, and then back upwards to center. When it seemed like we were really on track with something we were talking about it would, along with drifting to the right, speed up, go up and down, almost like it was nodding (and at one point i was nodding my head along with conversation while it was drifting right and it started bobbing up and down in time with my own nodding). It would nod up and down vehemently to messages of love and peace and of course eventually when the thought was done it would go back to center. This lasted for an entire hour. And then we were ready to get off the phone. I wanted to try and attempt to open up communication with it myself but by the time we got off the phone it began to disappear. Then all that was left of it was a dim red light and it was completely gone and then this dense fog fell about the place. From start to finish, this lasted from 10:05 to 11:06pm from the reference of my texts between my boyfriend and I.
