{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491804","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2709,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/804/mufon-5491804.json","updb_database_id":5491804}
{dr}Lights in the sky like 4 or 5 disapearing and reappearing crossing each other fading out 3 were left and made a trangle shape moved apart then one was left and it disappeared

My husband and I and my two kids were staying in Ohio on Fourth of July 2015 at Kalahari, it was around 10:15 while we were driving in our small SUV trying to find something to eat. Driving towards where ceder point is. All of the sudden I seen these beam of lights and I joked with my kids and hubby about oh look ufo getting ready to watch the fireworks. So we joked about it and just thought maybe it was thoses Chinese lanterns. But we were in awe of it then we relize that it wasn't because of the way the lights were moving, first we seen 5 lights. They were like in sink with each other then two cross each other and then they formed a line. Didn't relize what we were seeing and my husband yelled to grab my phone and for some reason I said I didn't have it, to find out later I did, but anyways I told my son to start taking pictures and he did when he was taking pictures he said it looks weird mom. Like fuzzy. We kept on driving my son took 3 pics two of the lights disappeared and 3 were left forming a triangle and then one left. We kept on driving to see if we could see were they went but they just disappeared.  After all that my son kept on saying mom look and I would look and nothing would be there. He kept seeing a flash of lights. But I didn't. The next day my husband said he had a dream about aliens were getting dropped off and was trying to kill everyone off. His dream lasted all night he said. My son said he felt a weird feeling, I don't know if he is be dermatidic. But the picture speak for its self. I just wish we would of gotten a video. Time is exact because my husband said he remember looking down at the time..
