{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465804","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3467,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/804/mufon-5465804.json","updb_database_id":5465804}
Silent Transparent Boomerang shape, Barely visible soft glowing lights (5) similar glowing aura. Fear

This event occurred On September 15th, 2018 at 12:02AM. I was out in the backyard of my In-Laws home smoking my tobacco vape before heading to bed for the evening. The skies were clear and I was looking up admiring the milky way, as light pollution is far less up in small town USA. The winds were out of the south, made evident by my vapor rolling up and over the house to the north. As I watched my vape smoke roll over the peak of the roof, I suddenly see an object come into view, moving south. My first instinct was B2 bomber, but I immediately discredited that, by the distinct shape, soft glowing lights, and aura that outlined the shape of the craft. Both the aura and soft lights were BARELY discernable from the blackness of space, only appearing 1 or 2 hues lighter. I began to feel fear, when I observed the light from the stars shining through the object as if light passing through water, as it shimmered and was distorted, ONLY within the outline of the object. I realized this was NOT a conventional aircraft. I remember I kept saying "What was that?! What the hell was that?!" Out loud and repetitively, trying to make sense of what I had just witnessed. My adrenaline was flowing, I became excited, scared, almost terrified, trembling, and shaking uncontrolably like I was cold, but I wasnt. There was no sound from the craft, other than a possible wind sound that was almost non existent, and it flew out of view almost as fast as it appeared, the entire event lasting less than 3 seconds. I immediately called my brother to tell him about the event, and that call is recorded, as I have an app on my phone that records all phone calls in and out. I have attached a photo of what it looked like(NOt an actual photo of the craft) and a copy of the phone call I made even though its embarrassing(because I sound like an idiot due to excitement), and profanity laced (because I was talking to my brother and the event was still VERY fresh) however it captured my raw excitement immediately following the event. 

History: I grew up on air bases. Mountain Home Airforce base in Idaho, and Cannon Air force base in New Mexico. I am an avid watcher of the skies, I know the difference between a satellite, a plane, helicopters, meteorite, comet, and have an acute knowledge of conventional and military aircraft, their shapes, sizes, and sounds in the atmosphere. This was nothing I have ever seen or heard of. It was truly terrifying. I simply want the truth as to what it was. The enigma is going to weigh heavy on my mind for a very long time.
