{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-01 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284804","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/804/mufon-5284804.json","updb_database_id":5284804}
Behind shrub/Torso, shoulders, neck, head/blacker than black/solid but not solid/no facial features/turned head down to look at my dog and back up .

Jefferson Park Apartments in Liberty, MO. 2011/2012. Three different expreiences.

1. Evening: I took my dog outside to the field for his lost potty break before bed. This would have been between 8pm and 9pm. It was dark outside, so you could see plenty of stars in the sky. I looked up toward the sky to stargaze. I saw way up above me colorful blinking lights (further up than a plane is able to go). The colorful lights began to change shapes. Right when I was able to absorb what I was actually looking at, it flew off incredibly fast.

2. Evening: I took my dog outside to the field for his lost potty break before bed. This would have been between 8pm and 9pm. I am a very intuitive person.... sensitive to the supernatural and unexplained experiences. I had an eerie feeling to look above me and around 6 stories up...maybe less... maybe further... I saw a "UFO" slowly hovering/floating above the parking lot. This wasn't a military stealth jet. I come from a military family. This was different. It was blacker than black and oddly shaped. Again, as soon as I was able to realize what I was looking at, it flew off incredibly fast. No one else was out there as it was late at night and dark. I told my neighbor about it the next day and she said she has seen something similar. I don't remember if she told me any more details about it or even when she saw it.

3. This one is the best experience out of the three. The apartment complex was built by a stream and woods. There is a paved walking trail through the woods and unpaved trails. I believe the time was around mid morning or in the afternoon. I was walking my dog and noticed he was pointing his nose up to the sky smelling something rather intensely. My eyes followed the direction of his nose... and right before me stood a creature. There really aren't any words to explain what I saw. I will do my best for you. It was standing behind shrubs. I could see the waist to the head of the creature. No arms. No facial features. Just torso, shoulders, neck, and head. It was blacker than black. Just like the "UFO". It was a shade of black I have never seen before. It was solid and not solid. No facial features, but a beautiful dark blue tint in the facial area. Almost like a streak of the blue where the nose and mouth would be. Of course I had sudden fear run through my body, but I kept walking toward it because it was off of the trail in the direction I was going. I kept looking right at it... walking toward it. I remember the experience going by quickly, but slowly as well. I was questioning what the heck I was seeing! At that moment, the head LOOKED down at my dog and back up at me. It was at that moment I knew I wasn't going crazy. I saw what I saw! I eventually walked right past it. I turned around and it was gone. Ever since then I have wondered what I actually saw. I still have no explanation.
