{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500804","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58280","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3137,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/804/mufon-5500804.json","updb_database_id":5500804}
The object flew in front of my car and across 9 lanes of expressway in the direction of an plane flying eastward

I was returning home from work on the evening of August 21, 2013. I remember the date because I had heard on the radio that day President Obama was visiting Buffalo NY. The time was approximately 9:00pm.  The sky was just darkening.  

I had just come onto the QEW (Queen Elizabeth Way) and was preparing to merge into the traffic flow. I was travelling Eastbound from the Kipling Ave. access lane. Traffic was fairly light this evening. My driver's side window was fully open. I checked over my left shoulder for traffic prior to beginning my merge.  As I turned to regain a full view of the road, a glowing green/white orb passed in front of the car with tremendous speed. The object came from the south and headed to the north gaining elevation. It's direction appeared to be taking it towards a plane flying east. The plane may have been at 5000ft at this point. The airport is only a few miles away and so I assumed it must have just left the airport. The plane was far from the highway. 

There was no traffic in front of me so I was able to observe it for about a minute. It appeared that the object might get very close to the plane, but it flew into some clouds and "winked out". That was the last I saw of it. The entire duration of the observation I believe was less than a minute.  

The object itself, when it passed in front of my vehicle, appeared to be the size of a beach ball. It was close to my vehicle but I don't know how close it actually was. Everything happened too quickly. The object startled me as it passed, but I don't recall being fearful of it. It was moving at a tremendous speed and it was absolutely silent. The glow from the object was not blinding. Rather, it was a soft glow. 

After the object disappeared, I recall my first reaction was to laugh. I thought to myself, if it was looking for Buffalo and the President, it was lost. Far off course!  I was also filled with a sense of marvel at the speed and beauty of the object. It was absolutely beautiful. 

I checked the newspapers and listened to the radio the next day in hope of hearing some report. I find it difficult to believe I was the only person that saw this object cross the expressway. I saw and heard nothing from the media.  I have made the assumption, that because the President was in the area, so was this object. I would be curious to learn if there was any activity reported in the area between Buffalo and Toronto.
