{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-10-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518804","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2976,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/804/mufon-5518804.json","updb_database_id":5518804}
Three organge and gold orb/star-like streaks moving erratically across sky

I was returning to my car after an event that had stretched late into the night. My vehicle was parked in a field where multiple cars had been parked. While walking to within a few feet of my vehicle, I briefly looked up at the night sky and saw one star-like object moving at an incredibly high speed. The object appeared to originate in the eastern sky and was heading west. The object was a bright gold/yellow color and did not appear to leave any sort of trail.
The object moved in a slightly erratic manner as it traversed the entire length of the visible sky. Unlike shooting stars, the object made small and abrupt deviations from its path but never came to a stop. Frozen in shock, I observed the first object for no more than 15-20 seconds before it disappeared in the west. Just as the first object disappeared, I observed two more objects identical to the first one originate in the east at around the same point I originally observed the first object. The two objects, at a considerable distance from one another, traveled across the sky in much the same way as the first one did. They also had the same shape, size, and color as the first object.
One of my friends happened to be getting into his vehicle nearby and it was at that point that I attempted to get his attention in hopes he could see the same thing. Unfortunately, he did not understand what I was saying at first and by the time he looked up the objects had already completely traversed the sky.
I remained at my vehicle for approximately thirty minutes and monitored the sky before leaving. I did not observe any other unusual objects.

The entire sequence of events from the sighting of the first object to the disappearance of the second and third objects was approximately 40 seconds.

I am just now reporting this incident after 6 years. I feel that reporting the incident publicly could affect my professional standing and Ive decided to remain anonymous. It has deeply influenced my views on the world, as the objects did not move like anything Ive ever seen before. The objects, in my opinion, acted as if directed by some sort of intelligence. The erratic movements of the objects were inconsistent with the behavior of shooting stars and the incredibly fast movement of the objects ruled out conventional aircraft.
