{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-24 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489804","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69802","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2426,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/804/mufon-5489804.json","updb_database_id":5489804}
{jpg} A flash of light. Far brighter than any star. The flash stayed in the same place. And there was at least 30 secs between each flash.

At first I thought it was a shooting star. I was sitting with my wife outside and we were just enjoying some adult time after putting the kids to bed. I saw the flash and thought nothing of it. We've seen tons of falling stars since we moved to this house. Then I saw it again. And thought nothing of it assuming it was a plane or helicopter. And the I saw it again....30-60 seconds....and again...30-60 seconds...and again... It was by about the fifth flash I really looked up. It grabbed my attention because it was SO bright and it stayed in the same place. It didn't move like you would expect from a aerial object. My wife was telling me a heart-felt story so I didn't want to interrupt and I usually give very little thought to alien life, except from a philosophical standpoint. But I had to interrupt her in the middle of a very sensitive story. It just seemed so odd I wanted someone to see what I was seeing. It couldn't have been a plane due to the delay and brightness of the light. Lights on planes flash every second or so. The sky was completely clear. The light didn't grow or weaken in intensity. It couldn't have been a helicopter because we would have heard it with a light that bright. We couldn't make out any form. It seemed to be thousands of feet in the area and miles away from us. We saw the flash every 30-60 seconds for several minutes. I pulled out my phone to record and of course the flashing stopped. 

I don't know what it was. I do know it was an unidentified flying object. It fits no criteria for anything I've ever seen. I'm usually a skeptic. I told a colleague of mine who is big into UFOs and he suggested I report the story on this site. So here ends my report.
