{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-23 01:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290934","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112408","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/934/mufon-5290934.json","updb_database_id":5290934}
Bright lights like a star. So close together it was like seeing double almost. Lit up a dark room

The light was so bright that it literally went into our bedroom at night and made it difficult to sleep. We could see the light through the trees and what made it so unusual was the fact that the light seemed to be as bright as a star itself. It was way too low to be a star or plane and just stayed in one spot. We actually, after much debate on what it could be and all things being illogical, decided to hop in the car and see if we could get closer. (Yes, we literally became the people in the movies that you scream at “why would you do that???”) We were able to find the light on a backroad. It was weird because the light was so so bright and we were theoretically “closer” to it, but we really weren’t. The only way it wouldn’t be closer is if it moved (but I wasn’t thinking about it at the time) I have to admit, I got a little nervous. I honestly felt like the light has a “presence” to it. And it was a very unexpected feeling since up until that moment I still felt like it could be a bright fog light or something. 
We then drove in another direction to try to see if we could get closer. And finally went home and the light was completely gone from view - when it literally lit up our whole room in the beginning. Super weird.
I didn’t think to take pictures, hadn’t crossed my mind. I actually looked up a couple of sites just to see if anyone else saw it and that’s why I decided to report it. I’m so sorry we didn’t take pictures. Didn’t cross our minds. 
Side note: After this happened, my husband notes that it reminded him of the light that came into the backyard and then went back up. I looked at him crossly and said he could have led with that info before we went looking for it! 
He stated he didn’t because he knew I wouldn’t go if he did. (Sigh) And he’s 100 percent correct. LOL
