{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492934","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66587","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2669,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/934/mufon-5492934.json","updb_database_id":5492934}
{cak} Two grey lights that didn't illuminate. A fifteen to twenty foot circle with 10 to 15 lights that didn't illuminate

On Sunday night October 26th at 7:00pm in Rochester NH on a warm fall night, my husband and I planted a tree at my parents house. To the left of us about 100 feet away we saw a solid grey light about the size of a soccer ball. Then appeared the second light same size, same color somewhat obscured by a couple of thin trees. I said to Dave, "what is that?" The we decided it was a car. And continued to plant the tree. After that we decided to go in the house to get a flashlight and to take the dog for a walk, not noticing if the lights were still there. Coming out of the house I went to the right side of the house and Dave went to the left side with the dog. I went to the tree and shined the light over it to show my parents. I then heard Dave and decided to meet him in the back. As we came around the side of the house we did not notice if the lights were still there. We decided to take the dog around one more time. As I came around front I saw a big stick and picked it up. We went to the other side of the house and threw the stick in the brook. Came back around and as we rounded the corner of the house we saw a fifteen to twenty foot round circle with 10 to 15 milky red lights hovering where the grey lights were. I went in the house to get the kids and Dave continued to walk the dog for some reason lacking interest to find out what that was. As we came out it was gone. Later that night we were talking about what we saw. Our first conclusion was that it could not have been a car as the river runs behind the house. Secondly, The two sets of lights did not illuminate us or the area. Third, it did not make any noise. The next day we decide to investigate and went to the edge of the property where we saw the UFO and noticed a wetland island where the brook and river split. On the island the was a perfect circle where the vegetation was depressed. This is the most recent event. I have seen seven other sightings and an entity.
