{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-10 03:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493934","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65567","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2688,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/934/mufon-5493934.json","updb_database_id":5493934}
}cak} Home invasion abduction

I woke up in bed paralyzed, unable to move everything except my eyeballs. It was dark in my bedroom except for the streetlights shinning through my two windows that had horizontal blinds and sheer red curtains on them. I looked around and focused my attention on the large open closet. I was more scared than I have ever been in my life, so scared it's hard to describe the sheer terror I was feeling. I never saw what I was scared of but I remember what it was that made me so scared. They,as in two or three, short entities, dark, maybe not solid, but what I remember the most is there red glowing eyes and they were uniformly skinny and approx. 3 1/2' tall. I struggled to move but couldn't. I blacked out. The next thing I know I was still in bed but able to move. I looked at my digital alarm clock and it was blank or off. I got out of bed and tried to turn on lights. None worked as if the power was off. I went into the mud room and opened the breaker box to see if a circuit was blown. They all were at the on position. At that point I wondered if the power was off on all the street. So I went down the stairs leading outside to the back alley. I than walked to the back door to the bar next door to my upstairs apartment. I looked inside and saw the cleaning guy cleaning in the bar. The lights were on at the bar so the power outage was only in my apartment. At that point I went back up to my apartment. I was still scared but nowhere near how I was when I couldn't move. I remember thinking to myself this is a dream but than I pinched myself and felt the pain. After that, I laid back in bed and blacked out again. When I woke the l.e.d.lights were on on my alarm clock and it read 3:33. I got up and found my cell phone to checked the time. It also read 3:33. At that point I was so freaked out I new I couldn't sleep even though I had to work at 7am that morning. So I decided to call my girlfriend and wake her up. I told her what I had just went through and that I was so scared I couldn't sleep. We talked until daybreak about what I experienced.
