{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507934","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/934/mufon-5507934.json","updb_database_id":5507934}
{rjl} Several yellow orbs observed, one only a few feet in front of me. Returned to another object.

This event was a long time ago but I never reported it. I am reporting it now because I want to find out more about what happened perhaps from someone who witnessed the same or similar event. I don't even know the exact date or year but it was summer between 1981-1983 at a Jamestown Va camp ground. I had been injured on a dock and had a large piece of wood removed from my foot. Between the pain and my father and brothers snoring, I left the tent and I went to sit in the van. I was in the drivers seat with the engine off. I noticed a yellow streak moving through the woods probably 100 yards away. I could not tell what it was. It was moving quickly and disappeared into the woods. Then a yellow glowing orb probably 4 feet in diameter came from my left out of the woods traveling about 30-40 miles an hour. It was dodging trees and swerving through the campground and crossed right in front of the van in plain view. It moved from my left to my right and streaked into the woods beyond where I could see through the trees. I was mostly paralyzed with fear but I scanned the surrounding area to see if I could spot it or another one. I could see another orb maybe 200-300 yards away but not much detail. Just a fast moving glow. I lost sight of the third orb again obstructed by the woods and distance. For about 3-4 minutes nothing else happened. My attention was then drawn to the sky and I saw what looked to be a very large glowing yellow ball. It wasnt possible tell how big it was or how far away it was but it appeared to be about 1/2 the size of the Sun. I stared at the object for about a minute and then I saw 4-5 yellow orbs rise from the surrounding areas and zoom right into the larger object in the sky. After 10-20 seconds the larger orb seemed to almost just blink out and disappear although I got the sense that it moved so quickly that what I saw was a bit of an optical illusion as it departed.
