{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-23 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497934","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3102,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/934/mufon-5497934.json","updb_database_id":5497934}
{cak} Bright star-like light hovered high in sky, descended twice in an absolute straight line, then ascended in straight line. Third descent was zig-zag before hovering.

I took my two dogs outside our cabin in the Hocking Hills for the last time before bedtime. I always look up at the stars. The night in question was clear with lots of stars visible. I noticed the slight drone of aircraft engines and watched two airplanes approach each other from opposite directions. Their path was above the treetops in the distance, and it appeared that they crossed paths, although I know there was distance between them. As I recall, their flight paths were fairly level at that particular time and place.

While I was watching the planes, I noticed what I thought was a particularly bright star well above the path of the airplanes. As the planes moved out of sight, I suddenly saw the bright light make a slow, steady descent in a completely straight line. It stopped just beneath the distant tree line, but I could see the light hover (very still) between the branches. I then watched the light ascend in a perfectly straight line and hover at about the same height as when I first saw it. The light descended a second time exactly the same as the first time, hovered, and then rose again in a straight line. This time, it seemed to hover just a little higher in the sky. 

When it descended the third time, it descended in a zigzag manner with a very slight trail of light following the zigzag motion. It hovered just below the treeline before I lost sight of it. 

The entire event happened over the course of about six or seven minutes. I had looked at the clock on my way out and the time was 9:01. It was a couple of minutes before I noticed the light. When I came in, the time was 9:11. I had called my husband and he came out and saw it just before it reached the treeline level on its third descent. 

I was amazed and perplexed by the sighting. I had clearly heard the distant sound of the two planes that seemed to be moving in a flight line only slightly closer to me than the light. While I heard the planes, there was no sound at all from the light. I have been an outdoor camper since childhood, and I've never seen a light, a helicopter, or plane move in such a fashion. I also worked for years just outside Rickenbacker Air Base and live very close to Port Columbus, so I am accustomed to seeing planes and helicopters. I have never seen anything in the sky that maneuvered like what I saw that night.
