{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-23 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456934","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2572,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/934/mufon-5456934.json","updb_database_id":5456934}
{rjl} A steady stream many aircraft seen over the duration of about 30-40 minutes.

At around 3 A.M. on the morning of November 23rd, 2019, I witnessed a curious display of lights. I was on my back porch looking East, smoking my tobacco pipe, when I noticed what looked like two airplanes flying closely together, one on top of the other, flying almost due North. I thought it kind of strange and looked elsewhere in the sky, continuing to relax and smoke. After a couple of minutes of idle contemplation, my eyes wandered back to the East, taking in the crescent moon, when I noticed that there were many more of these lights traveling the same path as the first two, all heading due North as well. Then I noticed that they were appearing from nowhere from a point of about 3-5 degrees under the moon and following the same flight path. I watched with sudden interest as more and more of these things appeared and followed the others, and I noticed that I was frightened. This went on until I had seen perhaps about 20 or 30 of them. The reason I was frightened is that I wasn't sure how long this had been happening, as I wasn't sure exactly how much time had elapsed between the sighting of the first two and the steady stream they blossomed into. I woke up my wife and she saw a couple of them, but by the time I decided to get her up, the display was dwindling, so she only saw two. I smoked another bowl of tobacco and saw several more of the same kind of light over the next hour or so, and then came inside. I also saw several meteors, since there is a meteor shower that is supposed to peak at some point on the 24th.

Some of the lights appeared to stop and wait up for others behind them, and some appeared to speed up to keep up with others ahead of them. It was bizarre, and the only Earthly explanation I can think of is some kind of military drone test. I looked up videos on Youtube and I conclude that I have seen what is dubbed a "leapfrog" UFO display.
