{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-23 21:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499934","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2863,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/934/mufon-5499934.json","updb_database_id":5499934}
{rjl} 15 or so orange globes pulsated and then disappeared

We went outside to smoke a cigarette when I noticed a large orange globe from the NE direction going through the sky higher until it disappeared in the NW direction. From my back porch we were facing brawley school road. The globes were quite big in the sky seeming to be very close (there are always planes going over our house because there is the Charlotte Douglas Airport south of us). These looked like they took off (literally) from exit 36 off of 77 or in that same direction. Anyhow after seeing the one we noted another one coming up from the treetops (these all went diagonally and upwards in the same direction), then three more behind it all going at the same speed but together and very close only to disappear within 7 seconds of taking off in the sky. Before the others disappeared there were 3 more behind those. Both of us were in shock because this is the second time we've ever seen anything like this and it's so close to our home. We both ran inside to grab our phones to try to take video of any more orbs that might be going up but sadly both of our phones have completely useless cameras at night (I also tried my sons tablet and 3ds but neither would record anything with this street light on the road next to us facing our direction). My boyfriend gave up and came inside (while we were outside with our cameras we seen maybe four more) but I posted a message on facebook hoping someone else would go outside and record what we were seeing. I stayed outside for maybe ten minutes more seeing at least four more and then after that it stopped. During my observation there were at least 6 planes I noted flying overhead far far up in the sky. From my back porch they are so tiny, but these globes were huge in comparison (hence the aspirin size, I'd say planes are usually about pencil tip size). I'd also like to point out that during this our bulldog went nuts. He never barks at things he sees in the sky nor even seems to notice things like this but upon the first few that we seen he started barking and growling at them. He stayed with me outside and continued to growl every time he seen one. This surprised both of us the most because he's never growled at things in the sky.
