{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500934","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58146","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3225,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/934/mufon-5500934.json","updb_database_id":5500934}
{cak} UFO Sighting in Lake Havasu City Arizona July13 2014

On approx 8pm, roommate and friends called me out of the house to come check out a full half circle rainbow, I grabbed smart phone took two pictures. Switched phone to video mode (5 mega pixles) and filmed the entire rainbowand noted a strange cluster of
clouds, I make the comment it looks as if a UFO could come out of that strange cluster of
clouds, I capture that it is about :36 seconds. 
Here is link to that on YouTube.

look up blazze2k8 on you tube

  I put phone on standby but still in video mode, and go in to use the bathroom. They run back in and yell that I have to come back out and see this it is a UFO, I turn back on phone, before I go out front door. (Driveway faces South west) Asa I walk out I see a very right light up in the sky start record, then watch most of the sighting with my eyes, checking the screen to make sure I had it centered correctly,
  What I saw is the light go up, come back down, the strange clouds had disapated, above and below the object, then as it made a slow descent I saw 2 separate lights above a lower disc shaped color of a dark royal blue or purple, almost a blacklight color but brighter. The 2 light above it which took up 70% of it were very large and bright, with a
definate separation of the 2 in the middle. This can be seen on a large screen Hi Def TV.
  As it decended it slowed, then as it got lower below the power lines and near roof tops
it appeared to be miles away South West of town, I mention Sara Park in the video but
my direction is off it appears to be 5 to 7 miles south of town in a desert area. no houses or buildings there, As it got to the roof line the left side appeared to me to flash a very bright red light on one sideas it hovered above the roof line a few seconds then dipped below that and went out of site,
  The other 3 witness's saw it ascend quickly lower, then rise again, that is when I caught this on video here: (1:36) 

look up blazze2k8 on youtube

  That was it! My roommate called the non emergency Police line to ask if any calls had come it. And they had not had any but requested to come see the video, roommate said no...lol...

my Father was a Pilot and I have been in many planes before, This had none of the normal markings of a plane. no tail lights wing lights and the lights were too huge to be landing lights. We are on the south side of the City, the airport is far north of here and it only went up and down in direction. My roommate said it rose very quickly high at 1st then kept the same speed shown on video. 

Thanks for your time.
