{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-06 23:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473977","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/977/mufon-5473977.json","updb_database_id":5473977}
{jpg} I saw a large moon sized super bright object with very colorful rings around it. Also was a faintly glowing orb darting around, moving in and out of the large object, and moving extremely fast at very sharp angles

I saw a bright object in the sky with a smaller orb darting and bouncing off of it. The small orb made very drastic sharp turns and flew aacross the sky at lightening speed. The larger object was about 5 times brighter than the moon had a very colorful ring around it that was Green, gold,purple, violet, yellow and pink. There was also a horizontal line of smoke (like a contrail) directly underneath it. I did not hear any sounds. It was 11:32 PM on April 06, 2017, right outside my front door of my apartment. I stepped outside to have my last cigarette for the evening before going to bed. I first spotted the lightly glowing orb in the sky about 10 feet high from the horizon to the southwest direction from me. I ran in the apartment and grabbed my Alcatel Firce 5 cell phone. I took a couple of pictures and a short video. If I would have known how strange it would turn out to look I would have taken a longer video. At first view, it looks like a full moon with a moth in the shot. However, that discounts what I saw up in the sky. Also the moon was on the other side of the roofline of my apartment to the East of where I was standing. The faintlybglowing orb contuted in my direction until it reached the large bright, multicolored object. I couldn't believe the speed and right angle turned it was making. Anyway, after a few seconds of filming, I thought it's probably nothing that odd and went inside. I then looked at the pictures and video and was amazed at what my cell phone had captured. I then texted my sister and Aunt a copy of the pictures. After trying all night, I never did figure out how to text a copy of the video.
Since then, I have watched the video countless times and still can't understand what I'm seeing. I have pressed play, then as quick as I can, press pause, in an effort to get a frame by frame shot. Once paused, I take a screenshot of the paused image of the video. I don't have a computer or tablet or anything. I just bought a printer and have figured out I can print pictures directly from my cell phone.
