{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-24 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513977","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3546,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/977/mufon-5513977.json","updb_database_id":5513977}
{nd} bright colored lights on a circular/round

At @ 5:00 am on 24 November 2012 I was looking through the 2nd. fl. family room window of my residence admiring the clear blueish early morning sky with a few white clouds, and the fully lighted Empire State Building at a distance, probably getting ready for the daily working routines, when all of a sudden I noticed what appear to be a big circular/round "plate" formation of bright colored lights cruising the sky. It was coming from the New York City direction, from my left to the right, passing at eye level towards the area where I was. The lights were not speeding nor where they moving slowly, mainly the peculiar sight was traveling on what appeared to be a constant straight path motion. There where stars above it. It was not a star. I have observed airplanes go by from a nearby airport. It was not an airplane. There where beam lights around the city in support of Sandys victims. These where not beam lights.
I witnessed the most beautiful and unusual lights I have ever seen "adorning" our early morning skies. The size is unknown to me but from my perspective it seems they were as big as my garage door, at a distance. No noticeable edge indicative of "a circular unknown flying machine" was observed. There was no outward reflection or beam light coming out. There were no pulsating lights, either. There was no clockwise movement to the left or right. It was a "plate" full of colored lights-red, yellow, orange come to mind-flashing constantly without moving around. It happen fast, not lasting more than a minute. There was no time for me to call upon my sleeping children. No time to get my cell and take a picture. It was a sight to be admired, enjoyed, while wondering, what if?
Personally, I am a bias witness because I do not discard the possibility of unknown phenomena and mysteries in our great world and beyond. In the past, I have witnessed other unexplainable events that I have kept to myself. However, this time I feel it would be nice to share my experience with others. When I first saw these lights, nothing to the effect of "UFO" went through my mind. I just could not make sense of what it was, where it was coming from, where it was going...and who was "guiding" or "piloting" it. I did not deviate my eyes from the lights and followed them until they disappear beyond my eyesight. I just could not move from that window. I did not wanted to miss anything, for that matter. The stars where there to greed me, as a reassurance that I was indeed seeing something beautiful, unexplainable, unknown, something for me to recall as a true witness of this incredible and amazing event.
Within a few hours I shared my experience with my children, they remained a little bit skeptical..until I look up UFO sightings in NYC on that same date and showed them other individuals sightings around the early morning of that unforgettable 24 November 2012 morning!
