{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-19 21:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285977","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117420","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2279,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/977/mufon-5285977.json","updb_database_id":5285977}
Pale blue-white, distorted-rectangle shape outline with several pale blue-white points of light, silently traveling at high speed from west to east

I apologize for the anonymity. I am hoping somebody else saw this thing and this just reinforces their report. 
I live outside the city limits northwest of Rockford in a quiet subdivision with no streetlights. Clear quiet night...no aircraft in the sky. Went to put garbage at edge of road shortly before 10 pm. Happened to look north. Saw a "distorted rectangular" outline in pale blue-white light (top edge of rectangle bulged up) with several pale blue-white points of light attached. Object appeared to be larger than a 747 at a distance of 1 mile, 20 degrees elevation, traveling west to east and descending slightly in altitude. Silently appeared from behind northwest treetops and disappeared behind northeast treetops within 4 seconds. This thing was NOT an aircraft; it was bigger, it was faster, it was lower, it was silent, and it looked nothing like an aircraft. It was NOT a satellite: it was brighter, bigger, and had a definite outline. It was NOT a meteor: it did not change intensity or leave a trail. Obviously it was not a balloon or swamp gas! The blue-white outline and apparent attached lights remained in exact relationship to each other. It appeared to be going many times faster than a jet making a landing approach. The sighting was brief but memorable. A check of the clear, silent sky for 5 minutes after the sighting showed nothing unusual in any direction. I had a cell phone on me but no time to try to get an image. A wide angle lens at night probably would not have done much good anyway.
