{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-14 20:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287977","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115395","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2444,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/977/mufon-5287977.json","updb_database_id":5287977}
Leaving work for lunch break, see white eggish shaped craft in sky, seemingly high as a small plane but silent, no wings, a weird trail

A coworker and myself were leaving our workplace for lunch. When I walked out into the parking lot I looked up (as I often do since there's a small dirt airfield behind the factory and I'm fascinated with aircrafts of all kinds). I saw what I assumed was a
small single engine plane at first but then realized I couldn't hear any propellers and it seemed higher than initially anticipated, so it definitely wasn't circling for a landing. I then saw what seemed like a contrail, so my next assumption was a small passenger jet. Again, I didn't hear any turbines. I begin to realize the object isn't moving fast enough to be a plane at that altitude, plus I still didn't see any wings. Then I think "No way, is that a UFO?". I point to it and ask my coworker if he's seeing the same thing. Not more than two seconds later the object simply vanishes, as if it knew it was spotted. Still unconvinced I assume it just dipped behind the clouds nearby but we sat another minute or so as I watched and waited for the craft to resurface, and it didn't. I no longer observed any trail or anything either. My first thought was I'm just making stuff up cause I've been watching UFO stuff lately but my coworker agreed on what we saw. I'm still completely unsure of what it was but I can't seem to explain this one away as a conventional aircraft. It was white and reflective, eggish shape, and that weird sort of trail behind that was maybe half the length of the craft and was more like heat waves coming off of a grill than condensation in a contrail. The craft moved slowly from right to left before just disappearing instantly. Unfortunately I didn't think to take my phone out nor did I really have the chance.
