{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-05 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503977","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54931","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2912,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/977/mufon-5503977.json","updb_database_id":5503977}
{kt}Oval shaped craft hovering in sky in the East over Florida Rd towards Edgemont Ranch

I was leaving my house and heading East towards Main Ave and spied the object in the sky and thought it had an odd placement. I knew it was not a planet. When I reached Main Ave, I turned N and traveled about 1.5 miles but all the while I kept looking to see if the object was still there. I had at first thought it was possibly Christmas lights left up from one of the mansions on the ridge as it was very dark out that night and the moon had not risen yet. When I reached about 1/2 S of Mountain Madness on 550 N I decided to pull over to try to take a photo or a video of the object with my iPhone to try to figure out exactly what I was looking at. At that point it was when i realized I was looking at a very large object hovering in the sky E of my location. It was when I finally pulled over that I realized that it was not Christmas lights as I had driven that same route numerous times over the previous weeks to pick my daughter up from a friends house and 1) there were no lights there before and 2)the object was much higher in the sky than any house could have reached.

The object looked like a horizontal oval and was a deep reddish orange color. I was very unsure what it possibly could have been, the object appeared to stay put. I pulled over an attempted to take a couple of photos and videos but it didn't look like I was able to get anything. I sat and watched the object for about 15 minutes. It appeared very large to me as it was a great distance away but was plainly visible to me. 

I felt very calm while seeing this and was not scared in any way. I finally had to leave to get my daughter. When driving back through the same path on our way home about an hour later, the object was gone.  

Both images are extremely blown up, and due to how I was holding my camera, the videos are sideways, sorry.
