{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-04 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507977","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50694","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3506,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/977/mufon-5507977.json","updb_database_id":5507977}
{rjl} Large white object with protruding, jagged sides. It was either hovering or moving very slowly.

At 5:30 pm I was heading home from work in New Jersey to my home in Pennsylvania. I was going south on I95, and traffic was very heavy that day. It started backing up about 2 miles from the Scudders Falls Bridge, which spans the Delaware River that separates NJ and PA. About a half mile from the bridge there is a nice view of the western sky and treeline in Pennsylvania before going down the hill to the bridge. Since Mercer County Airport is nearby, it is common to see planes approaching the airport from that direction. I was sitting in bumper to bumper traffic at this spot and I noticed a large, glowing object that looked much bigger than a plane, appeared to be stationary, and was over the treeline in PA. Not too far and to the left of the object was a dark, rectangular object that was slowly moving with a "speck" in front of it. Even from that distance I could tell that the "speck" was a small plane towing a rectangular sign, like you see at the Jersey Shore. I watched the 3 objects for for a few seconds, but glanced away to make sure the traffic wasnt moving. I looked back, and the large, strange object was gone! The plane and sign were still there. I did notice that the plane and sign were moving away from where the strange object was. I looked and looked, but could not find the odd looking aircraft. Traffic had began to move, and I crossed the bridge into Pennsylvania. 

As I passed the exit for Yardley/Newtown, (the second exit in PA from the bridge) I caught a glimpse of a huge object in the air to the right of the exit! I wanted to get off the exit to get a better look, but there was a very long line of cars in the exit lane. After I passed under the underpass and then passed the cars entering 95 South from that exit, I saw the object again for a couple of seconds. It had jagged, protruding sides, was white, looked big and not very high up. Since I was passing by in my car, I could not tell if it was moving or making any noise. It definitely was not a regular plane or helicopter. Unfortunately I could only view this thing for a couple of seconds because the trees on the side of the road obscured it. I did see the biplane towing the sign, which was advertising Univest right after seeing the unknown object. It was on the opposite side of I95, and I saw it again when I got off at the 413 Penndel exit. I did not see the unknown object again, though. My only regret is not pulling off the highway so that I could view the unidentified aircraft better. Because of the heavy traffic conditions, I knew I would have a hard time getting back onto I95. There must be other people who saw this strange object. It was rush hour, and the traffic was horrendous that day! The object had to be visible from Route 332 and Township Line Road (Shadybrook Farm area).
