{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-28 23:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2734,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5506162.json","updb_database_id":5506162}
{dr}It would move when I started talking out load, Like it jerked and heard me, then came towards me I ran into my house and locked the door in fear

I was standing out on my front steps smoking a cigaret before bed.
I heard cats fighting it sounded like and then a terrible sound of them being attacked and torchered so loudly that it sounded like a baby with a blood curdling scream over and over. This went on for about five minutes.
I was just thinking to myself Im glad its not me or my cat, i felt terrible about it because there was nothing I could do about it and I was not going to trample into the woods and jungle across the street to find out. There are a lot of wild animals out here so you see a lot of them and hear them to.
At first I noticed that this basketball object lifted out of the woods silently, I thought is was a kids remote control device, but then I realized quickly that it was not and it made no sound, so I was mesmerized and just watched it come closer to the road. I was trying to figure out what it was and kept stepping out till I tripped of the front step. I looked up and it started crossing the road and lifted up to the power lines and just hovered there for a few minutes, my power lines are very low so this was close.
Then it was crossing over the power lines and coming down towards the north end of the house, At this point I said out load, O my this is not of this world, It heard me and started coming towards me. I panicked and ran into the house and locked the door and ran for the phone, I called three people to tell them to come to my house that I was scared and I wanted to leave and not be there by my self. I even called Roger Sugden whom everyone knows and had him and his wife on my phone for over a hour trying to calm me down. Needless to say I did not go to sleep that night. The next day I told my son about it. He went over to the neighbors and they said they had been out side earlier and seen it too, they were walking a friend out to there vehicle. So I went over and asked her what she seen, She described the same thing and was a little freaked out by the whole thing too.
