{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-09-25 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78866","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3142,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5481162.json","updb_database_id":5481162}
{jpg}Driving down higjway and seen triangle object 3 bright white lights one on each corner red light in the middle. It was flying very low maybe 50 ft moving 10-20 mph it flew over me i was stupifyed beyond capacity i watched it up close for atleast 10 m

In 2002 my friend derek and i were traveling north on 95 coming back from boston where we were hanging out at the Boston common. He was driving and i was in the passenger seat. We were a little before Topsfeild MA around 10 pm when i noticed a parked car on the side of the highway with a man standing next to it with his attention to the sky, i didnt think anything of this and we just continued forward.i was looking to my right out the passenger window when i noticed this weird shaped craft moving very slow it was probably 100ft up or so. The weirdest thing was the shape i kept trying to put to an image what i was looking at it had all theese weird angles to it and first i thought it was a stealth fighter or something now im only 16 so a stealth is pretty cool to see. But then i realized it wasn't a stealth and it seemed to defy the laws of physics. I turned to my freind and he was still content driving, at this point we were going around a curve in the highway and i looked up again. This time it was right over us and i could see the bottom perfectly if i had had a phone then or a camera there would be 100% evidence of other life no doubt about it. The craft was black all angles were equal meaning any point could have been the front. It had one bright circular steady white light in each corner and a smaller steady red light in the middle. Now it was moving so slow that i swear i watched it for atleast 10 min but then it gets weirder im looking at the bottom veiw of the craft as its flying south were still traveling north all of a sudden the front white light disappears now this thing is only 25 ft above us and i should still be able to see the front light then as it keeps moving the back 2 lights disappear as well. I feel so weird looking at this thing i still dont have words to describe it. It was silent as it glided toward the old Danvers MA mental assylum which is along the highway SW of us amd out the back window i see this thing hovering above the roof i mean inches above it. We turned around to pursue it but didnt find anything. Another very weird aspect of all this is we didnt get home till after midnight and we should have been home by 11 pm at the latest. Ive never forgotten this as long as ive lived and this event has seriously changed my life.
