{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-19 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59982","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2287,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5499162.json","updb_database_id":5499162}
I saw an object heading north flying low, slow and no noise.

I was on my way home from work. It was 8pm when I saw some lights in the sky.I was on Airport Road which runs north and south I was heading south. I was not sure which way the object was heading. After driving a short distance we finally met. (At first I thought the object was an airplane.) So the object was heading North. What got my attention was the object was diamond shaped (to the best of my knowledge)and had a blinking light on each diamond point. It looked like it had a light on shining out of the front directly in the center of the object. It was flying low about 3 times the height of the trees and slow as it was in my view for a few minutes even though I was heading in the opposite direction.As I got to my exit one mile further south I turned right (West) to head home and as I turned the corner the object crossed the side road right in front of me (around 300 yards)It seemed to be a the same altitude. Still flying low and slow. I stopped the car and turn it off. Then got out to see if I could hear any thing. There was no sound. This is what has me wondering what it is. I have seen lots of air craft but they have all made some sounds. This was dead silent. I continued to the next concession and followed it down the next turn in the road for me. I lost sight of it as it proceed south over the ski hill. By the time I made it to the next concession I could not see it any more. 

1) The lights where bright so it was hard to see the true shape.
2) I live 65 miles North of the Toronto International Airport. 
3) I live 35 mile West of the City of Barrie
4) I live 15 miles West of Canadian Forces Base Borden.
