{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41971","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6276,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5516162.json","updb_database_id":5516162}
too small and too maneuverable to be an aircraft and no sound at all

Dear Sir/Madam,

My name is Lefteris K. and I live in Pallini, Athens, North-East Attica, Greece.

I am living on the third floor of a 4 floor building and at the time of the event I was sitting in a room with no lights turn on, watching tv. The tv is covering the bottom right corner of the window blocking just a little of the outside view.

I have to say that the view from that window is very nice. I can see far enough until the horizon line with just 1 building blocking some of the view.

It was Wednesday, 22 August 2012 and time 23:00 - 23:30 approximately.

As I was watching tv, I noticed through the open window something that at first I thought it was an aircraft. To be exact, it had a bright white light at the front and red and green lights at its side (I think it was red on the right and green on the left as I was watching but I'm thinking so much of it that I have started doubting). Anyway it was looking - judging by the lights - like an aircraft coming from a South/South-East direction (I was facing East so it was coming from my right). It was coming fast and the first think I that crossed my mind was "Why is he flying so low and so fast in the middle of the night? Is it falling?".
It looked like descending.

I must say that I am an aeronautical engineer (MSc in Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering - Polytechic School, Mechanical Engineering and Aeronautics Department, University of Patras. My graduation is a matter of time - next month hopefully.).
As I was asking myself the above question, the flying vehicle was coming even closer and I was able to compare its altitude against the height of the opposite building (4 floor building, the one blocking some of the view I told you above). I saw that the flying vehicle was just a few meters above that building so it was quite low and it was at a distance about 50 meters from me. By the time it reached above that building, it took a sudden turn to the east. I saw it taking a very sharp turn to its right. I still think that this turn is a very tight one to be performed by an aircraft (even a small one) at that speed unless it was a racing aircraft. In addition to that, when it took that turn and I was able to see its tail (if it had any, I will explain), I noticed that there were not any lights there. I am quite sure that passenger aircraft have lights on the tail.

So far it seems that what I was looking at was an aircraft.
However, there are 3 facts that make me give serious consideration on that.

First of all, I was not able to distinguish its shape. If I didn't know things about airplanes I would think that what I saw, had wings because of the inclination during the turn (the left light which I'm not sure if it was the red or the green was higher than the right and then they got level). However, flying in such a low altitude it would reflect the city's lights (the lights from the streets and from the buildings) so I would definitely see its shape. The only thing I could see, though, was the lights. Nothing else. As if it was non-reflective. (That is why I wrote before "if it had any" (tail).)

The second is that it made no sound. The area here is a peaceful and quite residential area and at that time of night the only noises one hears is nature's sounds and every now and then passing cars from the streets around. The flying vehicle I witnessed, made no sound at all! If it was an aircraft, given that it was flying just 50meters or so away from me, I would recognise the engines' noise and the propellers if it had any.

The third thing that makes me think that it may not be an aircraft, was the way it took the turn. It looked like an aircraft's turn but only fighting jets or racing aircraft can make such a turn... but as I said... it made NO NOISE AT ALL... and as we all know both fighting jets and racing aircraft, make a lot of noise.

To conclude, I'm not sure about the red and green light, which one was where but they were definitely at the sides. To the untrained eye that could easily be an aircraft (given as well that Athens International Airport is not far away from here). However, to me, considering all the above, that may had not been an aircraft. The only way for that to have been an aiplane (to my opinion of course) is to be an UAV but Greece (the Hellenic Air Force - HAF) doesn't own UAVs...

The whole event lasted for a few seconds before the flying machine disappeared from my view (because of the building at the opposite side) heading East. I wasn't able to take a photo because I don't have a camera but even if I had, it all happened too fast so wouldn't have the time to take a picture or a video (and I didn't have my cell phone which has a camera anywhere near me). After I couldn't see that flying thing anymore, I went to the balcony looking at the sky at the same direction thinking that it might circle around or turn right or left where I would be able to see it again but in vain... it just dissapeared.

I feel confused and stunned. The possibilities are that it might have been an aircraft but common sense and my knowledge on aeronautical engineering make me doubt about it.

I would appreciate it if you replied just to tell me if there are any similar reports or to help me understand what I saw, to give me a clue or something.

Kind regards, 

Lefteris K.

PS

If you find that event interesting I will borrow a camera and I will take and send you pictures from the window, just to help you understand the scene, without the flying vehicle unfortunatelly, but they would help me support the story.
