{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-11 22:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2544,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5493162.json","updb_database_id":5493162}
two white-blue stars

June 11, 2015. 10:55 PM. Pacific time. Oliver, BC.

I went outside for a cigarette at about 10:55 Pacific Time in Oliver, British Columbia, Canada. I was looking to the south. I wanted to look at the stars. 

I immediately noticed two bright stars about four fingers apart (arm outstretched) to the south, just to the right of Antares, and slightly above. I was disturbed, because I am a frequent star-watcher, and there are no such bright stars in that location at this time of year. I was immediately drawn to them.

I watched them, slightly perplexed, for about a minute and a half, all the while thinking "those shouldn't be there". They were stationary.

After about a minute they began to move northwards (towards me) and within seconds they began to fade, and then winked out with small flickers. The time from when they began to fade to when they disappeared was approximately 3 seconds. They were slightly brighter just before they faded, almost as though they winked back to full brightness before they disappeared, just for a split second. They were moving for about 2 seconds before they started to fade.

I sat there absolutely baffled, and then ran inside, not sure what to do or who to tell. I kept going back outside to see if they had come back. I kept thinking maybe I imagined the movement and they were covered by some clouds but they never came back. Even as I'm writing this I keep pausing to go back outside and look for them.

I've been watching the sky for years, and I've never seen anything like this. They were white-blue stars, seemingly no different than any other, comparably bright to the brightest stars in the southern sky. 

I feel very strange writing this, but this was honestly not normal and mufon was the only place I could think of to report something like this.

They seemed far away, Anyone else looking at the southern sky at 10:55 Pacific time, MUST have seen them.
