{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62207","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2690,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5497162.json","updb_database_id":5497162}
{dr}Dull grey heart or triangular shaped craft flew from left to right in front of me as I drove my car.

I cannot at this time remember exact date of the event since it was some time ago. This happened in broad daylight about 2 pm as my wife and I were driving home. We were on Hwy 193 eastbound about 3-5 miles out of Lincoln, CA.

 I am quite familiar with most aircraft types since I have always been interested in flight and I spent 3 years in a U.S. Navy fighter squadron. This "vehicle" matched nothing a had seen to date. I thought at first it was the stealth fighter never having seen one at the time. However, this craft was a dull silver metallic like aluminum and was shaped similar to a heart with all rounded contours. It had a small rounded nose like a pencil eraser that extended out from where the point of the heart would have been. It appeared to be made out of one piece of "metal", no seams, no lights, no windows, no vertical stabilizers, no apparent openings or exhaust ports of any kind. It flew from a northerly to southerly direction at approximately 100-120 kts., and 500-1000' elevation over the roadway, dipping it's (right wing) as it passed. The object was about 1/4 mile or less away from us. My wife and I both saw it as the same shape, color, and size. I would say that it was about the size of a small airplane with an approximate 30' wing span. It left no vapor trail and I could hear no sound, although I was driving in my vehicle at the time. After about 3-4 seconds the trees hid my view of the craft and by the time I was clear again it was gone. To this day I have never seen or heard of any craft including the now famous "stealth" jets that resemble what I and my wife saw that day. Another strange fact is that neither I nor my wife mentioned the sighting again for at least a month. Then one day the memory came back to me and I asked her about it. We discussed the sighting and found that our memories were the same, both the amnesia and the sighting.
