{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-06 09:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83000","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2522,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5477162.json","updb_database_id":5477162}
{nd} Looked like a missile chased by a black ball. Steve Hudgeons, Dir of investigations, asked me to fill this out.

While on the way to work I was traveling on Interstate 10 eastbound. I looked in the sky about 35 degrees above the horizon and saw a fast moving object emitting a plume of white billowy smoke moving from right to left (as I saw it, right would be south, left would be north). This caught my attention because the plume of smoke was much thicker than contrails left by airliners, and the object was very low (I am guessing 1000-1500 feet) and moving very fast. I can only compare the smoke trail to the smoke you typically see in skywriting done by aircraft. I am guessing, but the object appeared to be about 3-5 miles away. It was going in a gentle downward and away from me trajectory (moving NNE). I could not really see the item that was leaving the trail of smoke, but it looked like a black dot on the end of a white line (the white line being the smoke). My first thought was the object is a missile, as I have seen military missiles launched before, and this was very similar in speed and appearance. While glancing up at it several times, I noticed another black round (could not really identify the shape) object coming from right to left, flying just above the plume of smoke, traveling even faster than the object emitting the smoke. It appeared to be chasing the object, and as it got close to the object it passed behind the plume of smoke, made a loop around the plume of smoke, and appeared to go into the object emitting the plume of smoke (made a corkscrew around the smoke trail). Both objects then disappeared, the smoke stopped, and the trail of smoke dissipated very quickly (within 10-20 seconds). I am pretty sure someone else must have seen this since there were several cars on the roadway. I also noticed several commercial jetliners (much higher in the sky) after the smoke dissipated.
