{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-24 20:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28479","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5548,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5527162.json","updb_database_id":5527162}
Two fast moving orange lights

Point of View: 47125'xx N / 9122'xx E facing Southwest
Observing conditions: hazy, partialy clear
UFO characteristics: 2 orange-white constantly glowing lights
UFO trail: Coming from north/nortwest flying towards south/southeast turning southwest and vanishing in the haze.
Duration of observation: Approx. 5 seconds

I (30, academic) was taking a smoke together with my GF (28, academic) on my balcony. We were stargazing. My GF explained to me the Orion constellation, with its belt and sword. We were trying to figure out which stars belong to this constellation. I tend to look at the night sky while I smoke, hoping to see shooting stars or satellites. Both I've seen plenty.

When looking at the belt of Orion I noticed a rapid movement to the far right. I thought of a shooting star and immediately pulled the attention of my GF to it, so she could see the shooting star too. It was no shooting star. The phenomenon consisted of two orange-white lights in far distance from us at a vertical viewing angle of about 351 to 401. The lights were constantly glowing. They moved horizontally at constant height at a speed much faster than conventional airplanes - which I saw plenty of before and after the incident this evening. It was flying at about 2/3 of the speed of a regular shooting star.

The object(s) passed below the belt of Orion, and when it just passed below the next brightest star to the left it appeared to slow down and it turned right (from the objects perspective). The appearance of the object slowing down was probably just a visual effect of it turning away from us. The original flightpath was from our right to our left, so when it turned southwest it looked like it would slow down or even reverse its direction. This cognition only lasted for just a moment. Then it vanished behind the haze at the horizon.

When the object(s) turned, the angle between the lights changed and their distance to each other shrinked. If one would imagine the lights belonging to the same object, then it would have tipped to its right. Also just a moment before it disappeared I thought to see blurry lights between the obvious big lights. But the moment was so short I cannot make this claim without doubt.

The past days I've read various reports where people say they were scared - why one would get scared is beyond my comprehension. Me and my GF were happy to witness the phenomenon, we went into party mode after the incident. Although she would never call it a "phenomenon". It's clear to her that she saw one solid object, an ufo, sharply turning its direction. I'm however not of the kind to jump to conclusions easily. To me, there is no way to tell whether this was one solid object or two flying objects in formation. If it was just one object, it must have been massive in size, because of the distance to us. Since the incident I'm trying to find out what this phenomenon could have been.

I ruled out several common explanations. Due to its rapid movement it could not be a plane. Due its size, even if I think of it as two objects, it could not be a regular satellite. Also, it was no meteorite, fireball or shooting star. It had no tail and did not leave a trail and maintained height. However, I've never seen the ISS, so I don't know if the ISS together with a supply ship would look just like that. I checked the ISS sighting opportunities for the date and time, the incident does not coincide. There was no sighting opportunity for Saint Gallen (Switzerland) for the 24th of March 2011 and also all sighting opportunites this month seem to be early in the morning. The incident happened at 20:08. However, maybe I'm making a mistake and I would be happy if someone with experience in acquiring data on the ISS orbit could verify this. Also I couldn't find any information on a docking maneuver of a supply ship at this date. To make it short: If this was not the ISS then I'm out of options.

I'm completely non-esoteric and non-religious. I was always open to the possibility of the existance of ufos. However the prevalent lack of the most fundamental commonsense among alleged witnesses has led me to insist that I could only be convinced if I observed an ufo myself. Unfortunately the incident was not impressive enough to entirely remove all doubt. Too bad the object didn't do any funky movements - at least it was fast and changed its direction slightly. I could not have recorded the phenomenon, because there was not enough time and I doubt my equipment would have been sufficient to pick up anything but darkness.

I would be happy if someone could check the "ISS"-hypothesis and contact me at ck.inofficial@gmail.com. Also if someone has another possible explanation I would like to know about it. I can provide more details on the incident if necessary, but I think I covered the observed's essence. Of course I would remain anonymous in the process.

Kind regards
