{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-29 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61087","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2937,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5498162.json","updb_database_id":5498162}
Pitch Black, Rectangular, 4 or 5 very dim orangish lights down each side, very fast and utterly soundless,

About 9:40 Wednesday night , I went to the backyard to allow a pee break for my two dogs. I always stargaze while waiting for the dogs to finish. I noticed a very dim orange-ish light in the northern sky out of the corner of my eye. Had I not been already staring up I would never have noticed it. I suppose my brain registered it as a distant plane or something. It took a few seconds for my eyes to adjust to what I was seeing: A pitch black (darker than the night sky) Isosceles triangle-shaped ship travelling north-to-south right above me. It doesn't feel like "flying" is the right word, it felt more like it was "gliding", and I think I say that just because there was ZERO sound coming from the object, it felt so unnatural and illogical not to be hearing an engine. Were it going slower I might say it was a hang-glider the way it just floated through the air, but the speed of the object was too excessive for that, too fast even for an aeroplane. It's flight was fast, smooth and constant. The lights were so very dim that they were difficult to make out unless you were staring straight at it..... the ship's lights wouldn't catch your eye otherwise. I believe there were 4 lights on each of the two equal sides of the triangle, though there may have been 5 or 6, I didn't have much time to process those details. 
Gauging the ship's size is difficult b/c I have no idea how high up it was. It was certainly large.... Maybe over 100 metres... maybe much much larger.
The ship passed silently above, passing nearly straight over me, roughly north-to-south. I first locked in to the ship when it was nearly straight above, and had maybe 8 seconds to view it until it passed out of sight in the distance. 
Obviously I felt shock for the first few seconds, and as I processed what I'd just witnessed, I ran inside to tell my wife what I saw. I should add that I was not under the influence of alcohol or any narcotics, nor was I recently asleep or feeling drowsy. 
It's hard to say how high up the ship was.... based on it's size, speed, and how clear the ship's body was to me, it was in the hundreds of feet high, but that's pure speculation. The sky was relatively clear so I had no cloud cover to use as a gauge...
