{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-21 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35112","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5521162.json","updb_database_id":5521162}
I believe I mis-identified it, but there were a few factors that make me question what I saw.

At approximately 6:50PM on Saturday January 21, 2012 I looked out my west facing master bedroom window from the northeast side of Colorado Springs. I saw a bright object in the sky to the southwest of me. I at first thought it was a star, but noticed it was much brighter and somewhat larger than a typical star. 

I next thought it was probably Venus, which I still have some lingering thoughts that it was, but then I noticed something odd. The clouds that were closer to the object were getting scanned by what looked like a search light moving in a circular fashion towards the clouds around the object. 

I thought perhaps a ground based search light, but I was unable to see any beam emanating from the ground, and there were no planes or helicopters in the vicinity at the time. I later observed a plane cross under the object further out in the distance. 

I did grab my video camera and recorded the object from my second floor master bedroom window at first, but I was unable to get a good shot of the cloud scan so I moved outside for a bit to record and see if I could capture the event better. I was able to see the light scanning the clouds faintly on the video, but as the cold settled in, I retreated inside and about 10 mins after that the object was no longer visible in the sky either from outside or my master bedroom window on the second floor.

I still feel that I was viewing Venus and the search light was just a coincidence even though I couldnt trace a beam and the circular patter was strange. I am posting this report as I have doubts about what I saw and I am wondering if anyone else reported a similar event. I do have the video footage and would be happy to have it looked at by a MUFON investigator if they feel the need to see it.
