{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-27 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5455162.json","updb_database_id":5455162}
It was shaped kind of like a galaxy but with only two arms and was spinning

Brought a nice girl I met on a walk to a grassy park at the very tip of the eastern shoreline just south of Bondi Beach, maybe 10 minute walk from my hostel I live at currently. We shagged and then we got dressed and laid back down. I laid on my back and the moment I looked up at the night sky I noticed what at first I thought was a drone. It was not easy to determine its altitude but it was directly above us. The reason it's difficult to determine its altitude is because their was no noise. If I had to guess, it was probably at 750-1000 feet.it could have been much further up though because it could have been massive or it could have been small like a plane.

I knew it wasn't a drone because drones dont look like spinning dual arm galaxies and its flight was steady as it hovered for a few moments and then almost as if it became aware that I had pointed at it and spotted it, it began to travel at a seemingly level altitude due south down the coast. Based on the flight speed of planes I see regularly in the skies here, I would say it was travelling at about4 to 5 times the speed of a normal plane. There was no acceleration it just took off. I watched for maybe 8 or 9 seconds as it sped away and disappeared into the light pollution from the built up coastal residential areas. 

My friend who I only know by first name also saw this but was strangely not concerned. She blew it off as a balloon she said. Obviously this was not a balloon or a plane, helicopter, drone or satellite or shooting star. It was a UFO for damn sure and the second time in my life I've seen something in the sky that i cant explain. My previous experience I reported to mufon online years ago when I lived in Jasper, Alberta, Canada.

I will attach a rough image I drew on my phone of the rough idea of the light pattern of the object. Be advised that it was a perfectly circular overall shape and not elongated like in my drawing, I am not an artist.
