{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496162","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63247","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4328,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/162/mufon-5496162.json","updb_database_id":5496162}
{nd} UFO/Orb observed near Calabasas during daytime fire - several photos/videos

I was driving southeast on the 101 freeway on my way home, and stopped with tons of other motorists on the freeway due to a large brush fire on the hillside near the Las Virgenes exit in Calabasas, California. I did not actually notice any orbs at the time, as I (like so many others stuck in traffic), was fascinated by the firefighting action going on in front of me. There were 2 firefighting airplanes dumping water, along with 2 helicopters doing the same. I took several photos while in traffic watching all of this. I only noticed the object in my photos (taken on my cell phone), when I got home and showed my husband the pictures I took. When I expanded the photo to view the helicopters more closely, this is when I first noticed the white/reflective orb above and in other photos to the side of the helicopter. Several weeks later, I looked on youtube to see if there were any videos posted by others who watched the fire as I did, to see if I saw anything that resembled the orb in my photos. Low and behold, there were at least 4 videos showing the same orb like thing I had in my photos, next to the helicopters, but from various angles and positions, as of course, different people were recording from different locations all around the area at the same time I was. So although I did not notice the object at the time I captured it in my photos, there are many videos showing this thing right next to airplanes, helicopters, flying birds and you can even distinguish it from some of the dirt spots on peoples windshields.   From the video footage I've seen that the object appears as a darkish orb traveling SE into the main large cloud of smoke (from the fire), then comes out of the smoke cloud a few seconds later (having made a right turn) and travels over the freeway, close to the helicopters, it now appears as a white/translucent orb traveling in a path (not going up or down but to the side only, even when in close proximity to the helicopters) having made one turn while in the smoke cloud, is last seen traveling West (going towards the coastline PCH). It keeps a steady pace, only that one turn inside the cloud, but no further recordings. It occurred to me that it might be a drone used to fight fires, however, I ask a friend of mine who is a firefighter and I showed him the photos. He told me that they don't fly drones up that high, and that it did not look like a drone to his eye...he thought it was pretty weird. I did not report this until now, because I didn't know where/how to report such a thing. Two of the photos are from my personal cell phone (I zoomed in so it is more clear), the others are screen shots taken from the videos on youtube. Please note that you can clearly make out the difference between a plane/helicopter and the orb. Some shots show it as darker, and others lighter, also it appears bigger in some shots and smaller in comparison to the helicopter/planes it is near.
