{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-06-23 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282412","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121042","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3839,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/412/mufon-5282412.json","updb_database_id":5282412}
Observed a large, triangular, UFO while driving home in rural area

At the approx. date and time above I was driving alone, N.W. bound, on Country Club Rd,. in unincorporated McHenry Co. At that time in life I was working as a banker, although I had served as an Army military policeman from 1983-1986, and in 2000 I was working for McHenry Co. as a deputy sheriff. 
Just before reaching McConnell Rd., I looked out my window to my left and I saw a strange, triangular, object moving slowly towards me from the west. I was able to determine the shape due to prominent bright lights on the bottom of each corner. I continued to observe the object as I proceeded home, though, because I was in a heavily wooded area, I could not observe it continuously. Just as I turned N. bound onto Fleming Rd., I saw that I had a fairly unobstructed view of the approaching object, and I pulled onto the shoulder and exited my vehicle. I believe that one or two other vehicles pulled over in the vicinity, as well, and the occupants exited, although, oddly, there was no excited conversation between anyone, as might be expected. Everyone seemed singularly focused on the approaching object. 
As the object came closer it did not change course or elevation whatsoever. It made no sound. It was traveling at roughly the speed of a dirigible, or hot air balloon. It was very difficult to judge mass, at first, because the sky was mostly black, and so there was nothing to compare scale. As it began to pass by me, though, I observed row upon row of lights, such as you might see in a skyscraper at night, and I then got the sense that the object was enormous, and could possibly house the equivalent of a small city. Also, at the front of the object, I observed at least two larger, brighter, lights, and I got the sense that it must be some sort of cockpit, or control room. The object was close enough to observe it's lights clearly, but not so close that I could observe any sort of activity from within.  
The object passed by within a couple of minutes, continuing E. bound, in the general direction of McHenry city. 
I got in my vehicle and continued home, again, without having had any interaction with the other witnesses, which seems odd, in retrospect. 
I considered myself fortunate to have witnessed the event, though I do not recall telling anyone about it, thinking they would think I had made the story up, or was mentally unbalanced. Some months later, I did tell my older brother about the experience, though he is the only one, to the best of my recollection. 
What is very odd to me is that, although the experience was very real at the time, in the weeks and months that followed, my mind began trying to convince me that I must have dreamed it all. I also found that my memory of the incident seemed to want to fade, and I had to have sort of a battle within my mind to keep the memory intact. It almost seems like the object, or it's occupants, had performed some sort of 'jedi mind trick' to erase the memory of the incident from any witnesses.
I don't know if the incident was reported by any local news media, although I wasn't looking into it, either.
To date, I have not had any other UFO sightings or experiences.
