{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-24 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484412","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75420","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3118,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/412/mufon-5484412.json","updb_database_id":5484412}
{rjl} Friend and I observed and watched a flashing object move across the sky, experienced events after sighting INSIDE home after.

I was at my home on my patio having a smoke with my friend just hanging out for the night. Now, for the past 2 years I have been consistently seeing things at night, random flashing/multi-colored lights, lights moving in the night sky with the ability to change direction and speed with ease that does NOT resemble anything like any of the aircraft I've seen or know of. I first noticed the light before my friend (Army Vet). Because of my previous experiences I'm constantly staring at the sky at night. I first saw it slowly, from a dim to extremely bright light, just once. So I take a drag of my cigarette as I'm staring up where I saw the flash, and after the "cherry" of my cigarette lit up and dimmed from my drag the light flashed again. I pondered the thought of what I could be seeing and the possibility that it could be communication of some sort. After 4-5 more randomly taking drags of my cigarette while staring up at the and seeing the same flash immediately after my friend finally noticed the look on my face and decided to look up as well. The second he looked up and in the direction I said I was seeing this thing it flashed. He was in total disbelief after our 10 minute sighting. We watched this "flash" not only continue on slowly in the sky, but it also stopped, changed colors, but most importantly we observed it change direction which indicated to us it wasn't a satellite, airplane, or anything explainable. We were feeling almost in a daze after and "off" after or sighting as we sat in my living discussing what we just witnessed minutes before. As we sat and tried to come to terms with what just happened, my home felt different, I don't know how to explain it and we both noticed the change in atmosphere. The second we noticed the change a broom in my coat closet under my stair, which was leaned against the back wall of the closet, lift up off the ground and slam against the door of the closet which was ajar/open about 10-12 inches. Although both events, while amazing and mind boggling, cant be explained. WE believe the broom in the closet was them letting us know, that THEY knew we saw them, and that they saw us as well.

I did attempt to video the object but was unable to get it in frame as there were no reference points for me to judge where in the sky I was pointing the camera. so its basically an audio recording of the event unfortunately.
