{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-12-10 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489412","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2724,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/412/mufon-5489412.json","updb_database_id":5489412}
{nd} Saw very large craft, all black but with two searchlights, Moved very slowly gone in 10 min. Determined outline by the stars it blocked out.

I was at home one winter's night watching TV with my son. My wife was on the phone talking with her sister. I heard her say 'its big and coming right towards our house'. My wife repeated herself a few times so I opened my front door, I remember my stocking feet became cold due to the residual snow on the top on my front stairs. I witnessed a large craft very slowly moving across my neighbors property (across the road from my property). It had two large lights, like large, very bright search lights. There were two columns of light going from the craft to the ground. The lights seemed to come from two 'nosecones' for lack of a better word. These nosecones protruded from the front of the craft. I could see their outline from the stars they blocked from view. The lights moved, very slowly, in tandem like they were searching for something or someone. I could see the outline of the huge craft by the number of stars it blocked from view. The craft appeared to be moving at about 1-2 miles an hour. I couldn't believe that a craft that large was only slightly moving. It was over in less than 10 minutes from my first sighting until it was out of my view. The craft was a dark dull black in color, on the sides and bottom. I could not see the top.
I saw many aircraft, including helicopters while serving in Vietnam. This craft was something I had never seen before. I marveled that I could not hear any sound coming from the craft. My TV was on at the time, so I shut it off and listened again. I heard a very low base, slight rumbling sound coming from the craft. I noticed that my ribs had began to slightly vibrate. Looking at the coffee table near me I saw ripples, rings on the surface of the drink I had there. The rumble was very muffled, and I had to strain to hear it. There were no other sounds coming from the craft. There were no other lights on the craft except for the search lights.
While I had a camera I did not think to take photos of the craft and lights.
