{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-06-16 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549412","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4204","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/412/mufon-5549412.json","updb_database_id":5549412}
VERY large, black, silent triangle sighting, very close. seemed to show up on demand.

we were on a water skiing trip at Lake Buena Vista near Bakersfield in June of 1990. although there were many people on this trip, it was only myself, my husband (at the time) and a good male friend of ours, still awake around the fire. we were discussing ufos, etc. and although none of us had ever had a sighting, I had mentioned a book that I had read that said one could request a "fly by". only seconds after my comment, my then husband pointed to the horizon. we, of course thought he was joking until we saw it too. just above the horizon hung a little ball of colorful light. in a blink of an eye, literally, it was right in front of us, just around 150 feet up and probably 400 feet across,triangular (somewhat elongated) and inky black except for the lights, and absolutely silent. 
the lights were at the three corners and at one point were "chasing" like christmas lights (lighting one at a time in consecutive order).
we made a few comments to each other like" I cant believe my eyes" and "oh my god.."it then turned on its axis so we saw its profile. it was long and slim from the side. we could still see the lights, but of course instead of chasing in a triangle they were just going up and down (make sense?)
after about a minute and a half of this, it left at a 90 degree angle from which it came. again, it only took a second to get back to the horizon, but let me state, that we could see it go. it wasn't as if it disappeared then reappeared far away. the rest is important too, I think. we were of course speechless. I went to bed first, felt no fear, as a matter of fact, I felt extremely peaceful, and slept well.
we didn't speak of it the next day, or for another six months or so. I would think of it pretty often, but had no desire to talk about it. then one night it came out and the flood gates opened and the three of us remembered the same details. its my opinion that they "heard" a telepathic request, then gave a post hypnotic suggestion. 
thanks!
Dawn von Flue
december, 2005
ps. I am an artist by trade, and would be happy to do a sketch or painting if it would help!
www.vonflueart.com
