{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-15 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519412","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3092,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/412/mufon-5519412.json","updb_database_id":5519412}
pulsing or flashing light on trees and highwire

This morning at about 1:10 am my [item moved/CMS/nd] daughter and I were walking around the corner to my mothers house where my daughter lives . As we started to walk down the street we noticed a light on a telephone pole . The light would pulsate for a few seconds and then stop only to start pulsating again . As we walked we saw the light move to the cooler on top of a neighbors house and then move to a tree in the next door neighbors yard . At first we thought the light was coming from a police car on the road but the light we saw was not red and blue . We continued to walk towards my mothers house and we watched the light move from the next door neighbors yard to another neighbors tree . Each time we passed a tree the light went to another tree . 

As we approached my moms yard we saw the light near the top of two Italian Spruce trees that are in my moms yard . We went into the back yard to see if we could find what was causing the light but we could not see anything that would cause the lights . As we watched though we saw the light move on to some trees that are across a horse pasture from my moms yard . While we were standing on the porch we realized that there was no sounds coming from anywhere . There are dogs in nearly every yard and the dogs bark anytime people or other dogs walk passed but they were not barking at all . We live on a hiway and there were no sounds coming from there either . 

I watched until my daughter was in the house and had locked the door and then I started walking home . We couldnt explain why but the light we were seeing made us very uncomfortable . We were getting scared . But, as I walked home I took one more look to the street to see if there was a source for the light there but again I saw nothing that would have caused the light . I looked back at where the light had last been and the light was gone but just then I heard what I can only describe as a whooshing humming sound .The light has just disappeared when I heard the whooshing humming sound . We were so startled by what we had seen that we didn't think to take pictures of it but today my daughter went out to see where the light had been on the spruce trees and there is a hole in the branches of one of the trees and the branches are hanging down as though they had been bent over or broken . I don't know if that was caused by the light or whatever made the light but we never noticed that hole in the tree before .
