{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-08 18:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457412","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104159","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2907,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/412/mufon-5457412.json","updb_database_id":5457412}
{rjl} 3 Flaming Object Completely Stationary in the Distance for 10 Minutes

I was attending a Cars-and-Coffee type car show in a department store parking lot around sunset when I noticed several objects in the sky above the treeline. At first I thought they were airplanes with contrails but then noticed that the objects were not moving and the contrails were staying a fixed size and looked more like a flame. I started taking some photographs using my Canon camera with zoom lens. They reminded me of what a space capsule would look like when re-entering Earth's atmosphere but they stayed what appeared completely stationary for 10 full minutes (verified by looking at camera timestamps). Two of the objects were closer to each other and had short fireballs extending upwards and slightly to the left. The third object was in the same general area of the sky but further up and had a much larger fireball that extended upwards and to the right. At one point the larger fireball object's fireball split apart into two distinct fireballs and I was able to capture a great photograph of what almost looks like a Space Shuttle-shaped object completely horizontal but the fireballs are extending upwards. At one point around 5 minutes into the encounter, a perfectly normal airplane flew by from right to left leaving a normal contrail which can be seen in the slightly out of focus zoomed out picture. After 10 minutes had elapsed, the objects were slightly closer to the horizon, maybe moving only as quickly as the moon or a star would move towards the horizon, but it was still around sunset and no stars were yet visible in the sky. I went back to enjoying the car show and when I looked up again later they were gone.
