{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-06 01:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480412","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2548,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/412/mufon-5480412.json","updb_database_id":5480412}
Faint red star becomes bigger and brighter and flies over city.

Thursday, October 6, 1:07 AM, Ottawa, Canada. I got up to look out my bedroom window. I have logged two UFO sightings on previous occasions within the last couple of years from this same bedroom window but did not keep any records, myself. I have reported one to MUFON and another to National UFO Reporting Center. I have seen about four other sightings over the years directly over the city of Ottawa and Gatineau. I sometimes look out the bedroom window to check for UFO's especially at sundown and during the night. There is usually one red air-ambulance helicopter go close by once or twice a day with pulsating red and white lights with characteristic sound. One of the previous UFO sightings was of a very large white light and with a definite round-shaped red light of same size in its center which looked something like a spot light from a short distance away vantage point. This was about 2-3 miles away. The reason I am saying this is that these UFO's could be trying to imitate helicopter lights! Anyway, I looked out my bedroom window and the Western sky was misty. There was one large star to be seen, probably Mars or Venus at about 30 degrees. I looked out of the corner of my eye, as I sometimes do, to see if there were any fainter stars near-by. I thought I saw a couple and one of them was red. They were very small and faint, and much smaller than the first star seen. As I kept looking, the red one seemed to get bigger. Then, I detected it to be moving West to North. It came to be within about 5-10 miles, I think, no sound, window open. The red light kept flashing at about once a second as it moved across the sky. It was fluttering up and down and would lunge forward at tremendous speed every 3-4 seconds. It came as close as to within 3-5 miles, I think, before going out of view because of the window frame. It was going way too fast to be a helicopter at that distance.
