{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-04-08 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493444","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66070","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8368,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/444/mufon-5493444.json","updb_database_id":5493444}
{jpg} Daylight sighting of a large cigar (rocket like) ufo with flame out the back, two witnesses, 8 april 2003.

My Sighting

Location: Keighley, West Yorkshire, UK.
Date: 08 04 2003 
Time: 8.10pm GMT.

It was an exceptionally warm and sunny evening with a clear sky and hardly any wind when my partner and I had just returned home from walking our dog. We had just sat down and removed our muddy boots when I noticed a very unusual object through our living room window, (which at first glance resembled a long, straight, black rocket with a large flame coming from the rear). 
I was sat in a low chair only 2 feet from the window (which measures approx 8f x 6f) actually looking out of the window when the object came into view almost directly overhead. It was immediately apparent that this was something strange and I told my partner (K1.) to come and look. 
The object was very long and straight in shape with an emission from the rear that appeared as a large tulip-shaped flame of a bright white / blue colour, with a small vapour trail that dispersed almost immediately. Initially it was travelling at a speed that would be comparable to that of a standard passenger jet. Again, comparing it with an average passenger jet, I would say the object was about twice as long and flying at height you would consider lower than usual, but not alarmingly so. As we watched, almost immediately we could see it was noticeably slowing down. From the underneath the object appeared black in colour. It had no wings, tail or any visible protuberances or lights.               
As it passed overhead there was a couple of seconds when you could clearly see a distortion in the air below the object: similar to looking through petrol fumes or a heat-haze. This caused the object to appear as a zigzag line (similar to how a lightning bolt would be drawn) with four uniform splits. This distorted view was only apparent very briefly and may have been due to the angle that we were viewing the object (as it was almost directly overhead).
The object continued on a straight course (roughly East to West) while gently slowing its' speed and apparently turning off the flame-like emission. After a couple of minutes it had come to a complete stop, roughly 1 to 4 miles distant ( though this is hard to be sure of) and at a height well under a thousand feet from the ground. It then slowly rotated 90 degrees to face North in a perfectly horizontal position, where it remained for approx. 15 minutes. During this turn, we could see it was cylindrical in shape.
Perfectly motionless, it stood out very prominently in the clear blue sky and we got a good view of the side of the object. It was long and cylindrical in shape, (its' proportions would be very close to that of a biro pen held at arms length) and it appeared to be made of a light-coloured metal similar to moderately reflective aluminium while the underneath still appeared to be dark. With the naked eye we could not see any windows, markings or lights.
We watched, almost trance like, for another 5 minutes before I suddenly thought of taking a photograph. Due to lack of use, both our digital camera and video camera had completely flat batteries; however, during my frantic search I had found my binoculars. These are rather large; being a 70mm lens with x40 magnification, which makes them almost impossible to focus on anything moving but does give a very clear and bright image. 
Through these binoculars I could just about fit all of the objects' thickness in view, but I could only fit about an eighth of it1s' length. I could see there was an area of visual distortion of the air / light (not seen without the binoculars) that covered the entire bottom half of the object. It was not rippling (like a heat-haze) but was more like a large, stable distortion.
The front (leading part) of the object was rounded and appeared to have a row of windows about three quarters of the way up, wrapped around in an arc of about 90 degrees. I could not see anything through them other than a faint illumination which appeared to be coming from within the front of the craft, but this light could have been the sky behind the object.
At this point I handed the binoculars to K while I went upstairs to see if I could get a better view through an open window. The view was no better and I came straight back down noticing that the time was 8.30pm. As we continued watching, the object slowly changed its position from being horizontal to being a couple of degrees off, pointing nose down. The object remained in this position for another few minutes before slowly returning to the horizontal. At this point the object began to move, very slowly in a roughly North / West direction. It was now starting to get dark and there was a bank of clouds approaching our line of view on the horizon. With darkness rapidly approaching we watched as the object seemed to disappear into the cloud and although we continued watching, after about 10 minutes it simply became too dark to see. 

At no point during the experience did we even consider that it may be a hallucination or an optical illusion. The object was a clearly seen physical reality, observed for at least 20 minutes.

Looking back I believe we were both in a mild state of shock for the remainder of that evening. We spoke very little and genuinely expected a historic news flash to appear on television at any given second; we actually felt that this was the beginning of a new world. We went to bed that night convinced that all would be explained in the mornings' news and papers. The next day we were surprised to find no mention of the event on any TV news. Despite this, we were both over our initial shock and were extremely excited about our experience; spending most of the day discussing it. We both saw exactly the same thing and would describe it as a large cylindrical UFO. Our initial speculations on the UFO1s origins were that it had extraterrestrial origins, but after more consideration (in particular of the flame like propulsion which is a very earth like technology) we feel it may have been a secret military vehicle or some other human built vehicle. 
We felt sure that many people would have also seen it, yet the local papers made no mention of a reported sighting, which we checked for the next few subsequent days. I have since realised this does not mean it wasn't seen by other people or that it wasn't reported (this is the first time I have written-up this experience) and I would be interested to hear from anyone who did see it on that day or on any other day in this local area.

After the incident I was eager to share the experience with friends and relatives but was shocked and surprised to find either a general lack of interest or complete disbelief. 
I then underwent a period of time when I read many UFO books and books about physics and quantum engineering in an effort to explain it all to myself and even wrote a song 1UFO over Keighley1 in an attempt to make light of the whole subject.
I have never found a convincing answer to what we saw and what it all means.
I consider myself lucky to have had this experience and been made aware of the reality of UFO1s but I do often think it is a shame that we, (the general populous) are not given access to the advanced technology that undoubtedly exists.

My name is 1.. 1.. , [birthday removed/CMS/jpg] (though I would like to remain anonymous), and I currently run my own business making English longbows, in 1. 111, UK. At the time of the sighting I was working as a security guard for a local hospital. 
I have never submitted this report to any other authority or organization.
Please feel free to contact me by e-mail if needed.
Regards
1.. 1.. 

02-06-2015
