{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-04-20 02:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292444","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110878","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/444/mufon-5292444.json","updb_database_id":5292444}
Hovered over two locations and left as two fighters arrived.

Working mid shift for L.E. at U-Tapao village gate. A call came over the portable radio telling everyone to switch over to combat frequency. After I did that, I asked myself what was going on just as the first transmission from Base Defense Control came over the radio and told everyone not to shoot unless it landed. I started to turn left to see if I could make out anything in my area and saw a large cloud with a light hovering in the vicinity of the B-52 reventments. As I listened, more A.B.D. vehicles reported on the scene. I kept watching the cloud and the access point to the village just outside our perimeter. For a time nothing happened, then the cloud moved slowly to stop over the base bomb dump. The jeeps, trucks, and at least one armored vehicle changed positions to follow it. Shortly after that Defense control announced that two fighters had been sent to to base. Soon the cloud started to move toward the bay just as two aircraft came in low enough to allow their silloutes to I.D. them as F-105s. The 105s hit their afterburners and they headed toward the open ocean. Sometime later the B-52, and tankers started launching again, but it seemed like a longer time than the usual hour separation between missions. As for ow long the incident lasted, I have no idea.
The number of witnesses in our squadron alone would be hugh. 
our section normally had 20 or so people on duty, k-9 had a unknown amount of foot patrols and vehicle units, and Cobra Flight was in the hundreds each night. Add to that all the people needed for the flight line to launch, recover, and maintain and arm aircraft, the amount of witnesses gets high. 
The next day I was having lunch with one of the guys I worked for and it occurred to me that I should have gone over to alternate control and had a copy of the radio transmissions made. That day there was no mention of the incident and by the third day, nobody talked about it again.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm the only one who does remember and sometimes I wonder if it even happened, but I still remember.
