{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-10 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504444","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54446","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3040,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/444/mufon-5504444.json","updb_database_id":5504444}
{nd} Watched light move then disappear.

I was a volunteer Fire Fighter / EMT at a Rural Fire Dept in Dexter Oregon. I pulled overnight "Duty Shifts" once a month. I had a 30 minute drive to my house, before getting ready for work @ 5am. So it was between 3-4am when I headed to my car to leave. I was the only one on duty that night. I always look at the sky in Dexter because it's out of the city and I see all the stars. I stood there looking for a minute, and I noticed a bright white light in the sky. It was moving in a straight line and was not moving at an alarming speed. I watched it for a few seconds and got in my car and turned it on. I sat there a moment thinking to myself. "Airplanes usually have green, red, and sometimes blue lights; usually with a strobe white light to go with. I turned my car off and got back out, feeling a little more nervous. My heart started racing. The light didn't blink, pulse or anything. I'd seen many satellites cross the sky and this was NOT one. It was quite bigger. If I held out my hand, it would be just a tad smaller than a BB from a pellet gun, so, bigger than any star in the sky. I stood there for a solid 2 minutes it must have been. It never altered course or speed. I watched it move from a Westerly position to a Southern position. Basically if you drew a circle on the ground around my body, it would have moved 45 degrees. It looked to be the altitude or perhaps just lower than normal air traffic. We DO have an airport near by but it's a small one ; EUGENE Airport. I couldn't tell the objects size or distance from me, but it felt close. It looked to be between 30-40 degrees from the Horizon. Still watching the light, it started to Dim rather quickly, then it blinked, and vanished. It was almost directly due South at that point. I stood there for at least another two minutes, frantically scanning the area around where I'd lost sight of it, hoping to see it reappear. All I could hear was the sounds of the leaves blowing in the breeze. Whatever it was never reappeared. There were no obstructions to block my view. The sky was WIDE open for my viewing. When the idea hit me that what I saw might not be a plane, or a helicopter I felt very uneasy. I fumbled my keys, and got my car running. I think I may have skidded my tires a little bit upon leaving the parking lot. I'd always wanted to see a UFO, but when the possibility was upon me, I was pretty startled and a little shaken.
