{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-21 11:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468404","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92170","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2990,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/404/mufon-5468404.json","updb_database_id":5468404}
Taking my daily pic off my apt. balcony. I thought the clouds were unusual. I later expanded the pic to see the most unusual part of the pic. That's when I saw a triangle above the clouds in an open part of the sky.

I have been taking pics off my balcony every day since Jan 1, 2018. This was just a catalyst for me to write my diary on a daily basis. It has worked so far. On Jan. 21, 2018 I had my daily pic taken at exactly 11:23 am. On this particular day the clouds looked rather unusual. Took the pic and didn't give things much thought. I didn't really realize at that point I had taken a pic of anything significantly different. When I review my diary around the time of this pic, it wasn't until 4 days later that I started taking a closer look at my pics. There was one particularly strange area of the pic and I expanded it to take a closer look. When I first saw the outline of a triangle sitting inside what looks like a large white bubble, my mind started to explain it as reflection of something.(Heavenly bodies, planes?) Can't be the sun as there are 5 lights on the ship.One at each of the 3 points and 2 more at what I presume is the back? The ship was showing up looking as if the front was pointed downwards. I was initially in disbelief as to what I thought was in the sky. I would just set aside the idea of looking at this pic for a few days and not believing what I was seeing. Later I kept going back to the pick thinking I would not see this triangle in the sky. It continues to be in the picture of course. Several weeks later I started telling family and friends and showing them the pic. It was through this time the folks I showed the pic too noticed there might be another one. This one is much harder to see, but I think it could possibly be the ship that is throwing what I think is a triangle reflection, but who knows? The second triangle is fully under the clouds, but what you can see are the 3 points of light at each of the corners of the triangular shape that shows through the clouds. Interestingly, the slight angle the ship above the clouds is also showing a similar angle to the more visible ship in the white bubble I described earlier. Either way I have had an unusual siting above my living quarters and look at things a little differently as a result.
