{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525404","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30352","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2241,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/404/mufon-5525404.json","updb_database_id":5525404}
Disc like object Noted on the bank

in 1999 I worked for a packing company and used to cycle back home on my cycle through dark unlit country roads.

I worked at a Logistics company working 2 shift rotating pattern.

One night after summer most likely October, still quite moderate climate I remember cycling home. The country lanes were totally unlit and I just had a small lit area of my bike light on the road.

I was heading west along welsh road (near lower boddington, Banbury UK) and I remember looking up briefly as I saw a red light to my right. I saw an object at close to the following coordinates

Latitude, Longitude
52.16027,-1.285229

There was no noise other than the sound of my cycle tread on the road. The object was about the size of a UK water tower, I guess this because the light that appeared to circle around the object gave it a disc like appearance. They were vertical deep red lights and reminded me of a Florescent bulb orbiting the object. It appeared stationary. my first thought was to call my father (old style analogue phone - no interference) to see if he'd come and see as I lived about 1 mile up the road, but he had had a beer and was not willing to drive down. He claimed it must have been a combine harvester. I went past the next day on my way to work and saw that the area where the object was, was full of tree's and on a relatively steep bank, I realized that it couldn't have been a combine harvester, plus the field had no crops in.

To this day I've no idea what it was. I occasionally search the internet looking for similar stories of the red light. So I'll post this and see if anything else ever comes up.
