{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-09-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514404","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4860,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/404/mufon-5514404.json","updb_database_id":5514404}
Subsurface UFO takes flight

In September of 1980 I was stationed aboard the guided missile destroyer USS Joseph Strauss. Home ported in Pearl Harbor HI we were deployed to the 7th Fleet in the Far East.

During this deployment we participated in an operation called Free Seas '80 (operational code name of Dakota Run). This was a 'show of force' exercise (and an electronic intelligence collection mission) to transit the Sea of Okhotsk which the Russians considered an inland sea demonstrating freedom of the seas.

The following is my best recollection of the incident that occurred between September 14th and 24th 1980 during this exercise and was witnessed by Bridge, CIC and Signal Bridge personnel.

We were part of a 4 ship task force steaming on a northerly course in a diamond formation with the Strauss at the bottom of the formation. Since we were nearing potential hostile waters were at condition 3, a heightened state of alert that include battle ready stations, but below GQ. We were under strict EMCON conditions and therefore were the only ship with our surface radar active. During the transit north from Japan to the Sea of Okhotsk I was awoken around 2 AM local time and informed that the intelligence collection team had been called away. 

When I reached CIC, I was informed that we had a pop-up radar contact approximately 2,000 yards off the port beam, under standing orders for a close contact, the Captain had also been awaken. A pop-up radar contact (something that appears suddenly) close to the ship on the surface is assumed to be a submarine. Although there were some rumors of a sub accompanying us, no confirmation was given the intel team. Besides, why would a US submarine surface at sea? At least that1s what ran through my mind. 

I checked the surface radar and noted that a plot had been started manually tracking the contact in relation to our course. I directed an electronic search of all bands by EW and a passive sonar search. Both were negative. No radar emissions was not unusual, but no sonar emissions, even with sonar trained on a direct bearing was. 

I left CIC and went to the signal bridge. There were several people on the signal bridge, the signalman on duty was looking through the high power stationary binoculars at the contact. It was a pitch dark, overcast, moonless night, and all that could be seen were two white lights. I assumed these to be running lights in what could be a bow and mast running light (the mast light appearing to be slightly higher in elevation than the bow light) which would be consistent with a submarine. I looked through the binoculars, but could not make out any shape or wake either from the bow or stern. 

I returned to CIC and passing through the bridge reported to the Captain that we had no radar or sonar reports but it appeared to be a submarine based on the observation of the running lights. Checking the plot I noted that the contact was tracking with us, but moving slight closer, than moving out a little and repeating this with no discernible pattern. 

The contact stayed with us for about some 20 minutes. 

Then things changed. Surface reported the contact had increased speed and was moving ahead of us, the signal bridge reported that the contact appeared to be gaining altitude. What?

I rushed to the signal bridge in time to see the contact slowly pulling ahead of us and ascending; it was not going very fast, but was clearly moving up and away from us. I could still see the two white lights, but no stern light and it was clearly above the horizon. I returned to CIC asking the TAO for permission to light off the air search radar because if it continued to gain altitude we would lose contact on the surface radar. The TAO didn't have the authority under the current EMCON condition and radioed AB for permission. We lost contact on the surface radar. Permission to light off the radar was denied. Of course, the TAO reporting a "flying submarine" to AB probably had a lot to with it. They probably thought it was a joke, the Captain certainly wasn't happy with that comment.

Other than the manual track that was made (which was thrown away at the end of the incident) no physical evidence exists to this sighting and no written reports were made.
