{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-15 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503404","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55540","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2933,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/404/mufon-5503404.json","updb_database_id":5503404}
{cak} egg/teardrop shaped ufo makes rumbles house

Approximately 5:45 pm on Tuesday, April 15th 2014.... While making dinner for my family a very loud and vibrating noise got everyone's attention in the house. It lasted about 10-15 seconds. I yelled out to everyone, "what was that"? Nobody knew. About 1 minute later the sound and vibrations returned. Unable to free myself from the kitchen, I yelled for my daughter to go look. I looked out the small kitchen window and saw trees swaying. She didn't see anything so I rationalized it as strong gust of wind. Until it came back again. About another minute or two later. This time I ran out on the front porch. I looked everywhere. At fist, I didn't see anything even though i could hear it. It had a deep sounding rumble that seemed to be coming from everywhere. I kept looking. The sound started to increase in pitch but was still very loud. This is when i saw it right above me. About the same height as a normal aircraft. It was egg/tear drop shaped. Dark gray on the outer edge and got darker toward the center. It was fascinating. What I thought was strange was that it left no trail behind it. While it sounded loud, it seemed to easily move across the sky. It even tipped from right to left a bit. I yelled out for everyone to come look. My son was the only one who made it out to the porch while it was still visible. Unfortunately, I couldn't get him to look in the right direction which was very frustrating. The sound faded and it was gone. Flew into a storm cloud over the mountains, which I also thought was strange. Why would an aircraft knowingly fly into a storm cloud when it could have easily diverted. I was visibly excited. So much so, my heart was racing for at least an hour. It's been on my mind ever since. I have spent hours looking for answers online. Looking for some kind of confirmation, be it ours or other worldly. As loud as it was, I have a hard time believing that I was the only one to go out to see what was causing the sound. Please, please, please if anyone saw or heard it.... Say something! I have tried to match the aircraft to known ones. Nothing matched that reportedly exists, but it does have similar characteristics as the alleged Aurora Project. I don't think my mind will ever rest or my eyes ever stop looking to the sky until I get closure.
