{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481404","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78613","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/404/mufon-5481404.json","updb_database_id":5481404}
It was a circular in shape, with 8 circular lights, that had small lights within each of the eight lights. They looked like bright LED lights.

I took my dogs outside to do their business. I went outside the house around 6:00 am. It was still dark. I always walked away from the house (to the right) so the dogs wouldn't poop where we walk. I looked up, as I usually do, waiting for "B" and "L" to finish. I love looking to see the sky stars. What I saw still makes my heart pound. It was a stationary bottom of an object that I didn't see. Just the lights. It was a circular in shape, with 8 circular lights around the circumference, that had small lights within each of the eight lights. They looked like bright LED lights. I rubbed my eyes. There were three of them. I only saw one in detail. I looked again. It was still there. The dogs didn't hear anything. I didn't hear anything. I was probably standing there for a few minutes (until "B" found the perfect spot). Once she finished, and the object remained, I thought, I have to go in and tell mom and dad. When I went into the house I said to my dad, "the UFO's are back!" In which he replied that he wasn't dressed and wasn't going out like that. I don't think he wanted to see them. My dad is one of those people who like to live in a bubble. So I told him to go wake up mom, because she believes, and then I ran back outside. They were still there, but the one I could see with the bottom of, in great detail, was ascending - straight up, slowly. Which I remember thinking, why? When they were up here in the early 80's they were faster than anything we had ever seen before, zipping around the sky, and then forming a triangle format, pulsing white lights at different intervals. I ran back in the house, mom and dad finally made it out, but by the time mom got her glasses on, they were too far away. They got the binoculars out, and dad said, "I see them". Then changed his mind once he went downstairs and sat down. He said that they were probably just those three planets that were aligning at that time. Mom never commented either way. Dad didn't want to admit what we all saw years ago before either, but he called the OPP just the same to report it. Not this time. I posted what I saw on Facebook, but deleted it off my page once I was ridiculed about what I saw. I retracted it, by deleting it, saying that it must have been the three planets aligning, but it wasn't. I saw what I saw, and they were not planets. Planets don't go straight up and disappear. I didn't see them again. I tried to forget it, because what else can you do? But the question of why they were up here haunts me. We live in the middle of nowhere. To my knowledge, there is nothing up here that could possibly interest them. On our daily morning walk, just a few hours later, we heard really loud helicopter blades, but we didn't see it or them because of the dense forest that was on either side of us at the time. That's it. I want to know why they are coming here. It disturbs me that they keep returning to this area. I can't remember the exact day. Just that it was within the time that the three planets aligned. I took pictures when they were smaller objects, but my LG2 phone died and took all of my pictures with it.
