{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-26 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283404","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120035","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2625,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/404/mufon-5283404.json","updb_database_id":5283404}
Hovering orb that blinked plasma like and then moved slowly

My partner and I were driving back to Dallas from Tyler. I was driving. We were on 80-W in between Terrell and Forny. There wasn’t much traffic at all and where we were was very desolate. The sky was very clear in the area. I noticed a bright star and kept watching it. I asked my partner to look at it because I thought it was strange. As we watched we realized it wasn’t a star at all but was hovering pretty high up. As we got closer to it we decided to pull over and check it out. It started moving over us, but seemed to go slower than a plane. I have two apps I use to decipher if what I’m seeing in the sky is known or unknown. I have a flight tracker that used augmented reality to show you all the planes in the sky. It shows you exactly how many miles away it is from you, the flight number and destination. This object didn’t show up on this app. I switched to SkyView where I can also use augmented reality to view all stars, space stations, satellites, etc. This object also didn’t appear on that app. When it passed us we left because I was scared on oncoming traffic and it was getting late. We got three videos. The clearest one is on my iPhone 12 Pro Max and the other two are from my partners iPhone 10. In both versions you can see the “orb” split into two. I shook my phone and caused it to look double (4 orbs) but that was just from me shaking my phone. In both versions the double orb is clear. In my video you can see the brilliant colors it was blinking. It was plasma like and beautiful. I personally emailed Ken Jordan. Hope someone else reports this!
