{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-02-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464404","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96447","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/404/mufon-5464404.json","updb_database_id":5464404}
{rjl} I woke abruptly in a panicked state. I looked left and saw a UFO in our window hovering and appearing to be observing us.

It was around the end of February of 1988.  My husband and I had just been married for around 6 months. We were living In Miami, FL off of Biscayne Blvd. on the 3rd floor of a high-rise apartment. One morning around 3 AM, I woke up in a panic. My heart was racing and I had an overwhelming feeling that something was wrong. As I opened my eyes, I immediately looked to my left towards the windows which spanned the entire width of the wall and starting from about 4 feet high to the ceiling, which I remember was very high. I was frozen with fear and confusion as I saw what appeared to be a white spaceship just hovering completely still outside the window to our apartment just apparently observing us as we slept. I thought to myself that I had to wake my husband and make sure he saw it before it disappeared. Approximately 3-5 seconds after first seeing the UFO I tried to keep perfectly still so as not to alert them to me being awake ( I had been sleeping on my back) I had had my right hand by my side and turned my hand from me toward my husband who was also sleeping on his back to my right. I dug my nails into his thigh and squeezed, at the same time saying "Look out the window," as discreetly as possible but making sure he could hear me while hoping not to be noticed by the observer. My husband awoke immediately and saw the disc shaped object just sitting there in the window. From the moment he saw it about 2 seconds passed, at which time the UFO backed away so quickly that it took less than a second before it was completely out of sight. We were both flabbergasted! We were in a bit of shock and we talked about the fact that we had heard no engine sound. It had been completely silent and had left at such speed that we felt sure it had been aliens because we had never before or since seen that technology.
