{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-01 17:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452404","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109238","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2981,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/404/mufon-5452404.json","updb_database_id":5452404}
On June 1, 2020, at 5:55 p.m., while I was lying in the sun, on my terrace, my gaze was drawn to a small disc heading southwest.

Link to the video (in french)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mZHYA5Kqxts

On June 1, 2020, at 5:55 p.m., while I was lying in the sun, on my terrace, my gaze was drawn to a small disc heading southwest. It was an intense white and stood out well against the blue of the sky. It was moving fast enough towards the sun, so for me from bottom to top to the right. I immediately asked my wife who was sitting near me to look, but she replied that she could not see anything because of the sun and added that I took "bladders for lanterns" ... When the object arrived near the sun, I too could not see it anymore, but a few seconds later, I was surprised to see it going in a direction almost at right angles to the previous one. It was now moving southeast, so for me: from right to left. It was a paler white than at the start, standing out less in the sky. It may be because he was far from the sun or because he was further from me or for two reasons at the same time. It seemed to be going a little slower than in the first phase, perhaps also because he was moving away from me. Its apparent diameter was of the order of that of Venus, when it is closest to Earth. The idea finally came to me to make a video, since my iPhone was close at hand. I took the time to put the iPhone in video mode and even create a slight zoom. I filmed for ten seconds but, the brightness of the sun did not allow me to see, on the iPhone screen, what I was filming. I observed the object until it was hidden by the building. I estimate that the observation lasted approximately one minute, including about fifteen seconds for the first part towards the sun. When I watched the video on the iPhone, I didn't see any white dots. It was when I viewed it on my computer, I discovered that the little white disc was there! I created a video with Pinnacle software in which I start by saying the above with an image indicating the path of the UFO, then a few seconds of the observation at normal speed with progressive zoom followed by the enlargement with slowing down . I end with the video as I made it with the iPhone. Total duration 3'12 ". The geographic coordinates of the place where I was are: 48 ° 46'49 "N and 2 ° 15'35" E. (I live in Plessis-Robinson - 92350).
