{"created_utc": "2026-10-03T00:04:41Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 795021, "source_file": "Vatican/documents/final_statement.pdf", "source_sha256": "241574d2c7921b5996c9fc76f21d93d44f7a0b30357537ace7e3d5c988229c4e", "source_url": "https://www.pas.va/content/pas/en/events/2009/astrobiology/final_statement.pdf"}

Final Statement of the Study Week on Astrobiology


A Study Week on the subject of ‘Astrobiology’ was held under the sponsorship of the Pontifical
Academy of Sciences at its headquarters in the Casina Pio IV in the Vatican from 6-10 November
2009. During the course of the meeting, a highly interdisciplinary group of more than two dozen
scientists surveyed recent advances in the scientific understanding of the chemistry that supports
life, the origin of planets and life, life’s evolution over time in the context of the changing
environment of the Earth, the search for life on other bodies within our solar system, the detection
of ever smaller planets around other stars and how their habitability might be assessed. The
prospect for detecting signals from extraterrestrial civilizations and the possibility of a second kind
of life coexisting with known terrestrial biology were also discussed.


His Eminence Giovanni Cardinal Lajolo, in his opening remarks to the participants of the Study
Week, referred to Astrobiology as a ‘theme that is as new as it is difficult and fascinating ... an
intense and indispensable case of a vast multi-disciplinary research’. We find that, while still far
from being a cohesive scientific field in the same sense that astronomy, biology, or geology are,
Astrobiology is gradually turning into a well-defined discipline. Most importantly, ‘astrobiologists’
are united by their passion for answering the questions that define the discipline, and a strong
sense that many exciting discoveries lie ahead.


To enhance the discipline of Astrobiology, we must establish a smoother pathway for education
and career development of young scientists who wish to become ‘astrobiologists’. For the
foreseeable future, such young people will be educated so as to become experts in one of the
traditional scientific disciplines underpinning Astrobiology. Further, it is important that students also
                                                                                                      2
be exposed in a meaningful way to the techniques and vocabularies of other astrobiological
disciplines. How to do this most effectively in the context of already crowded university degree
programs is an open issue that we cannot solve here, but we urge that this question be
addressed.


Likewise, as scientists we are concerned with the state of the public’s understanding of our field. In
particular, we believe we must do a better job of explaining to the general public the scientific and
logical underpinnings of the main areas of scientific research in Astrobiology. Optimally, we should
do this in the context of the most exciting discoveries of today. To that end, as a product of this
conference, we will write a book describing the results of this Study Week that will be
understandable to the educated public, especially those who teach science at the middle and high
school levels. In this way, we hope to provide a clear and concise tool for understanding the latest
discoveries about our planet, planets elsewhere, the origin and evolution of life, and the possible
existence of life elsewhere in the cosmos. The book will also serve as a way to energize the public
in support of the research goals of Astrobiology.


From the presentations and discussion during the Study Week, we have distilled a set of major
scientific conclusions, as well as issues that are important but at the same time clouded by
significant disagreements or uncertainties. Finally, we provide a set of recommendations
potentially useful for scientists and planners in Astrobiology.


Main scientific conclusions


  1. Prior to the evolution of present forms of life – in which proteins are the main catalysts, DNA
     (deoxyribonucleic acid) the information-storage molecule and RNA the transporter,
     transcriber, and regulator of information – a form of life existed having RNA as its only
     encoded biopolymer.This suggests that a key step in the origin of life was the abiological
     formation of RNA (ribonucleic acid), which could have served at one time as both catalyst
     and information-carrier. Future work is needed to understand how RNA might be formed in
     the absence of life, and how biologically useful behaviors might be found within a col- lection
     of random RNA sequences.
  2. The earliest hint of life on Earth is at 3.8 billion years before present, just after the Late
     Heavy Bombardment, (3.8-3.9 billion years ago) during which there was a peak in the rate of
     large impacts on the Earth and the Moon. However, the origin of life may go back to when
     liquid water was first present on our planet’s surface, sometime between 4.0 and 4.4 billion
     years ago; the rock record is at present too scanty to establish just when life first appeared.
     Overwhelming evidence of life is present in the geologic record after 3.5 billion years ago –
     simple cells having the characteristics of so-called ‘prokaryotes’ probably relying on chemical
     sources of energy and a form of photosynthesis that does not produce oxygen.
  3. Life had an increasing influence on the terrestrial environment over time. Most dramatic is the
     evolution of oxygenic photosynthesis, which led to suffusion of the Earth’s atmosphere and
                                                                                                3
  ocean with oxygen sometime near or after the end of Archean time (2.5-2.3 billion years
  ago), perhaps triggering global glaciation as well as providing larger gradients in chemical
  oxidation state for life to exploit. The world that emerged from this transition, however, was
  not our own. Complex multicellularity (with its potential for intelligence) appears to have
  emerged only after a second round of environmental transition some 600 million years ago.
4. Serpentinization and chemistry involving reduced species in hydrothermal vents provide a
  rich source of possibilities for the emergence and maintenance of early ecosystems, on Earth
  and elsewhere. These ecosystems highlight the potential for remote exobiology that does not
  involve photosynthesis and does not depend on starlight as an energy source.
5. Life has an extraordinary ability to adapt to the most extreme environments on Earth. Places
  once thought to be sterile, such as the Atacama Desert and the deep reaches of the Earth’s
  crust, contain life. The range of adaptation of terrestrial extremophiles implies that the
  traditional definition of the habitable zone within a planetary system is overly conservative;
  the microbial habitable zone could encompass planets and moons far from a star and not all
  microbial biospheres may produce remotely measurable biosignatures. Nonetheless, there
  are limits to the environmental distribution of life on Earth, suggesting that the presence of
  water on an exoplanet may not be sufficient to ensure its habitability.
6. The number of astrobiologically significant targets in the solar system has increased with the
  discovery or inference of liquid water in the interiors of icy moons such as Enceladus and
  Europa (and perhaps others in the outer solar system), of open bodies of liquid methane and
  ethane on the surface of Saturn’s moon Titan, and methane emission from Mars’ interior.
7. The so-called primitive bodies, i.e., comets, dust, trans-neptunian objects, and asteroids, also
  play an important role in Astrobiology; there are indications from dynamical simulations that
  scattering of bodies during planet formation resulted in the redistribution of organic- and
  volatile-rich materials from the outer to the inner Solar System. Analytical cosmochemistry,
  direct sampling, and theoretical research indicate that some of these planetesimals were
  affected by hydrothermal chemistry, possibly offering a context for organic chemistry.
8. From 1992 to today, more than 400 planets have been detected using several different
  techniques, the smallest of which is less than twice the mass of the Earth. Some of those
  exoplanets have atmospheres whose compositions are being studied. Over 60 display
  eclipses, from which the size and density can be measured in addition to mass and orbital
  parameters.The study of exoplanets is now firmly established as a discipline connecting
  astronomy with planetary science, atmospheric science and geophysics.
9. Mass, size and age are key parameters in the characterization of extrasolar planets. Ideally
  one should determine the mass to a few percent for a 10 Earth-mass rock-ice world to
  confidently characterize geological processes. While many future studies focus on spectra
  and brightness variability, knowing the mass, size and age of the parent star are necessary
  to understand a planet’s evolution. Characterizing exoplanet atmospheres and searching for
  biosignatures is observationally very challenging, but it will be one of the most compelling
  uses of the next generation of large ground- and space-based telescopes.
10. Formation of planets like the Earth was the end result of largely stochastic processes of
                                                                                                       4
      mutual gravitational interactions among rocky bodies, stimulated and hence accelerated by
      the gravitational influence of giant planets which formed earlier when the gas was still
      present in the form of a ‘protoplanetary disk’. Bodies between 1 and 10 times the mass of
      the Earth divide into two classes: rocky-worlds and water-worlds. The latter have a deep
      liquid water or ice/liquid water layer. Size and mass of a planet provide density, which
      constrains composition, though not without significant ambiguity.
Major scientific puzzles and controversies coming out of the Study Week


What follows is a list of uncertainties.The fact that we can ask these questions reflects the mature
status of the field. We are confident that great progress can be made on all of them.


  1. The origins of life and the environmental context in which life appeared continue to elude us
     and the Earth no longer has rocks old enough to provide relevant information. By contrast,
     Mars may have these rocks and, even if life has not appeared on that planet, its ancient
     rocks may host essential traces of the prebiotic environment that existed.
  2. While the participants agreed that atmospheric oxygen appeared late in Earth’s history,
     between 2-3 billion years before present, rather than very early (3.5 billion years or before),
     the details are not agreed upon. There are competing views about the emergence of oxygen.
     One is that O2 did not start being produced biologically until just before it became abundant
     in the atmosphere, around 2.4 billion years ago. Alternatively, biological production of oxygen
     in the oceans occurred 300 million years earlier (or even more) in Earth history, but levels in
     the atmosphere were kept low for many hundreds of millions of years due primarily to the
     out- pouring of reduced materials from volcanoes and from serpentinization reactions in
     hydrothermal systems. (Serpentinization involves moderate temperature alteration of
     ultramafic (high-Mg) rocks to produce serpentine, magnetite, and reduced gases like H2 or
     CH4). At some point in time oxygenic photosynthesis became sufficiently active to overcome
     the various sinks of oxygen and oxidized the surface of the planet catastrophically. It is very
     likely that a further rise of oxygen levels around 600-800 million years ago was a crucial step
     in the emergence of complex multicellular life forms. Resolving the history of oxygen on Earth
     is a central problem in Astrobiology, as it has profound implications for the probability of
     complex multicellular life evolving on other Earth-like planets.
  3. The tempo of events in biological evolution, including the origin of photosynthesis, the origin
     of eukaryotes, the origin of complex life, and the origin of intelligent life, remains a puzzle.
     How the genome and the environment interacted in each case remains unclear. Large
     differences between the past and present Earth – an atmosphere richer in methane and other
     reducing gases, a deep sulfidic ocean, Snowball Earth episodes – suggest a dynamic and
     perhaps precarious history of the Earth’s biosphere. The implications of Earth’s past history
     for its long-term future must be explored: how long can our planet remain habitable as the
     Sun continues to brighten, and geologic activity winds down?
  4. The participants agreed that all astrobiologically relevant bodies deserve thorough future
     exploration, but the prioritization among them in the search for life is difficult, and various
                                                                                                    5
    participants had different ‘best chance’ planets or moons. Titan, Mars, and Europa featured
    prominently in all the discussions.
  5. The approach to planetary exploration – where on a body to sample and how to sample – is
    also the source of significant disagreement, reflecting the fact that there is no easy (or
    inexpensive) approach to access astrobiologically interesting terrains and detect life.
    Planetary protection considerations, both against contamination of planetary bodies and
    contaminating Earth, complicate the search as well, particularly for sample return.
  6. The origin of water and other volatile elements on the Earth – the source regions and the
    process – remains an area of strong debate. Whether Earth acquired its water as part of a
    process that is general to planetary formation, or instead through an unusual series of
    stochastic events, has implications for whether Earth-sized exoplanets in their habitable
    zones commonly possess a large amount of water during their growth. How did Earth acquire
    its complement of carbon and in what form, organic or inorganic? How much organic
    interstellar chemistry survived inclusion into the protoplanetary disk and how much pre-biotic
    chemistry occurred in primitive bodies like comets before they struck the Earth? A related
    question, because it pertains to the timing of the dispersal of nebular gas and the distribution
    of solid debris, is the origin in the same system of a small terrestrial planet like Mars along
    with large rocky planets like Earth and Venus.
  7. Simulations and theory are still not good enough to confidently predict the properties of
    exoplanets; the surprising characteristics of young hot Jupiter-type planets found on
    eccentric orbits are sobering. It is also not possible, with the data at hand, to predict the
    abundance and spatial distribution of exoplanets as a function of the parent stellar type. More
    thorough surveys of exoplanetary systems, some of which are under way, are required.
  8. To interpret observations of planets around other stars in terms of their habitability will
    require better understanding of the conditions on the Earth throughout its history, as well as
    environments on other planets in our solar system. It may not be necessary to reach Earth-
    mass detection thresholds to draw conclusions about the occurrence of habitable planets
    around other stars if the habitability of ‘super-Earths’ (rocky planets up to ten times the mass
    of the Earth) can be better understood. Further, planets around low-mass stars are generally
    easier to detect and study than are planets around stars like the Sun.
  9. Did life on Earth begin on Earth or elsewhere? Where did life actually arise on Earth if it
    arose here – hydrothermal vents or somewhere else? How many times did life independently
    arise on the Earth? Are there multiple, non-overlapping biospheres on and in the Earth?
  10. A form of life based on liquid methane and ethane rather than water might be possible. If so,
      life might exist on Saturn’s moon Titan. How membranes might form in such non-polar fluids
      appears to be the key conceptual stumbling block; it is even conceivable that unusual forms
      of life might meet the demands of isolation without membranes in the terrestrial sense.
Recommendations regarding astrobiological research


  1. Astrobiology relies fundamentally on exploration. Effort should be expended to explore
                                                                                                 6
  multiple targets in our solar system of potential interest to Astrobiology. The pursuit of
  understanding of the present-day environments and environmental histories of these planets
  and moons is as important as the direct search for life. Exploration targets include (in
  alphabetical, not priority order) Ceres, Enceladus, Europa, Mars, Titan, and Venus (the last
  for its history which likely included loss of a habitable environment). These missions would
  have a very high likelihood of scientific payback at relatively modest cost. On Titan, it is
  certain that very interesting physics and chemistry can be readily accessed at the surface,
  especially in hydrocarbon lakes, and icy asteroids may pro vide a museum of early prebiotic
  chemistry. Europa and Enceladus may have liquid water ocean environments. On Mars,
  ancient rocks should be able to provide information about the early conditions and may host
  traces of early life preserved as fossils. Life may even survive to the present day below the
  surface. Cryogenic sampling of a comet nucleus, in which the delicate organics and ices are
  preserved, is important in understanding the starting material of life on Earth.
2. In view of the potential for ground-based detection of Earth-sized planets around nearby
  stars by enhancing existing techniques, in particular radial velocity, efforts should be made to
  cooperate on focused observing programs and construction of new facilities to advance the
  date by which study of Earth-sized planets becomes possible. It is important to probe the limit
  of the highly successful radial velocity technique. International collaboration will be of
  importance in this regard. Realistic costing, for example, for 8-10 meter telescope facilities
  dedicated to planet detection and characterization, should be included in these efforts.
  Exoplanet imaging and characterization will be a major science driver for proposed 25-40m
  ground-based optical telescopes. Observation of planets around young stars is a window to
  the early history of the Earth and its solar system environment; detection and
  characterization of such objects presents special challenges.
3. Although much work can be done from the ground, characterizing atmospheres of Earth-
  sized exoplanets and searching for signatures of life – for example, the chemical
  disequilibrium represented by the simultaneous presence of O2 and CH4 in a planet’s
  atmosphere – will most likely require space-based telescopes. Such missions could operate
  at either at visible/near-IR wavelengths or in the thermal infrared. While space agencies have
  studied such missions, none has yet been selected for further development; technology
  development toward their realization should be pursued.
4. A renewed effort should be made to bring computational scientists together with chemists to
  undertake realistic simulations of self-organizing chemical systems. This could include
  evolution of metabolic cycles in exotic environments, development of templating molecules in
  standard (water-based) and exotic environments, and others. While such simulations are not
  definitive in indicating how life began, these provide potentially sophisticated guides for
  formulating hypotheses that might be tested by experiment. This work also has the potential
  to probe alternative biologies, and hence the limits of evolutionary innovation of carbon-
  based life. An example is the issue of a membrane capable of functioning in organic solvents
  with or without water and at low temperatures, with application to the Titan environment.
5. Chemists, geologists, planetologists, and astronomers should be encouraged to collaborate
                                                                                                 7
  in developing and refining models of exoplanet atmospheres, surfaces, interiors, and
  evolution through time. Although a general theory of planetary evolution may not be possible,
  because of the complexity of planetary processes and their contingent dependence on
  external boundary conditions, progress can be made by ensuring involvement of experts
  from the relevant disciplines. The same can be said about planetary formation, where
  geochemistry should be more fully incorporated in formation models. The role of geophysical
  processes that result in the production of catalytic minerals – of which there are hundreds –
  should be investigated, in view of the indications from several speakers that the best chance
  of going from organic chemistry to some useful biochemistry is to find
  mechanisms/conditions that produce a limited number of different kinds of organic
  compounds that are known to be intermediates in metabolic networks or biochemical
  synthesis.
6. There are a number of ways that Mars early in its history could have had locally habitable
  climates without the entire planet being steadily warm and wet. While it seems unlikely that
  the amount of rainfall during a brief post-impact steam atmosphere could carve the observed
  fluvial features, there are many ‘damp spot’ scenarios – some in the literature and some yet
  to be proposed – that should be investigated.
7. We need more research focused on biosignatures, their identification, preservation and
  reliability, to test the hypothesis that with the evolution of key metabolic pathways there
  would be a period of ‘enrichment’ continuing until a key nutrient becomes limiting. The origin
  and succession of different anoxygenic photosynthetic pathways (or even oxygenic ones)
  could leave an atmospheric signature such as a decrease in atmospheric carbon dioxide and
  hydrogen sulfide, with potential application to the characterization of exoplanets.
8. Although we harbor a bias that the evolution of intelligent species elsewhere may be less
  frequent than the origins of other life forms, nevertheless it may be the actions of distant
  technologists, and technosignatures that provide an inexpensive shortcut to the detection of
  habitable worlds beyond Earth. For this reason as well as the chance to know whether there
  is anyone ‘out there’ to talk to, SETI should be encouraged and supported as a part of
  astrobiological research, and expanded beyond the private venture it is today.
9. Astrobiology addresses one of the most profound questions in science: is life on Earth
  unique? The subject fascinates the public, but we may not be able to convince them of what
  we think we know since evidence at the frontier of research is often fragmentary and
  ambiguous. We must develop clearly written materials to explain how science is done, what
  is known, how we ask and answer questions about what is unknown, and what are theories,
  hypotheses and speculation, so that our inferences can be properly understood.
10. Programs that involve astrobiologists from diverse disciplines in monodisciplinary activities
   (astronomers on ocean research vessels, chemists at astronomical observatories) must be
   encouraged, especially at the doctoral and post-doctoral level but even for more senior
   researchers. Truly interdisciplinary meetings like this Study Week are essential to the health
   of Astrobiology. An example is the deep carbon initiative, which has several themes, the
   most important of which to Astrobiology is an understanding of all of the sources of
                                                                                                8
      abiotically-produced carbon compounds in the subsurface Earth and mechanisms that
      might lead to greater complexity of organic chemicals and biochemicals. Programs that
      permit members of the public to participate in analysis of astrobi- ological data (SETI and
      planet detection data are two pioneering ex- amples) should be expanded.
11.                                                             José G. Funes, S.J. & Jonathan Lunine

                   © Tue Apr 14 06:26:51 CEST 2026 - The Pontifical Academy of Sciences
