{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-07-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512260","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46063","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4065,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/260/mufon-5512260.json","updb_database_id":5512260}
extreme intense light in my living room window and I lifted into the air (6 inch) and I said: I'm not ready and it went, weightlessness

It was around midnight and my dog was barking like crazy which he never did. I turn all exterior lights on and didn't see anything. 20 feet from my porch I went to reassure my dog, but nothing.I stopped to smoke for 5 min in the kitchen, turn off the lights and was ready to go back to bed. I had to pass through the living room and then it happened. (I'm sorry if I repeat myself, I'm nervous, I haven't talked about it.....23 years ago)Suddenly, an intense bright light was projected on me, it was getting brighter and brighter and the living room was like....totally white. I was not scared at all. I was very impressed though but not scared. I didn't feel in danger of any kind, didn't feel threatened. On the contrary, the Light was very kind. Then, I said to myself: well, I feel so light! not realizing yet that I was floating in the air, like standing in the air about 6 inches from the floor. The light was still remaining in the window and I mentally said to the LIght: I'm not ready! ANd zoommmm it 
went! gone! I remembered jumping on the floor from 6 inches and feeling sssssooooooooo impressed. My partner was asleep and I never talked to him about it. (to this day)But, he woke up because I started shaking like crazy. I was scared at this point. You know, for years I said to myself: fear gives you wings, adrenaline gives you strenth, so maybe being so impressed can lift you 6 inches into the air! But, last Sunday, March 3rd, at DIscovery Channel, 1 of the 2 brothers who were abducted was telling about his experience and I could have said almost the same thing about the Light, the brightness, the weightlessness except I didn't feel threatened at all. Then, the investigator asked him about his past experiences and I remembered the huge rubber band I felt on my forehead the year before. I don't know much about this subject and didn't know what it meant. Then, a few months after the rubber band, I was reading in my bedroom, and I heard a noise like......like...a huge vacuumer! I could feel the vacuumer vibrate and the sound, like a deaf sound and I was too scared to look out the window. As the investigator was asking about his youth, I remembered (it might not be important at all)being in a car with my father. He was a taxi driver and I used to go with him sometimes. And back in the car, I was looking outside (a few minutes after sunset I guess)and I noticed a funny star! Instead of being shaped the way it supposed to be, it looked a red-orange tennis ball size. Yesterday, I said to my friend, joking: that's probaby why I have been destroying computers, tv, any electronic items and I scared the jeweller by reducing the quartz in my watch to powder! I don't really know if someone is going to read this, but it sure felt good to think that someone actually did. I joked with a friend of mine not saying the whole story, knowing the would laugh at myself. It has been 23 years and thanks to that progamm last Sunday,on Discovery, I a huge weight is off my shoulders. I never could find an explanation. Of course, for 5 min I thought of..maybe....maybe...but no, not to me, it couldn't have happened to me. What I mean is I know it happened to me (without a shadow of a doubt)but I didn't know what "IT" MEANT!
Please, if you ever read this for real, let me know.
[Name removed/cms/tg]
