{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-09 12:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285260","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118149","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3155,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/260/mufon-5285260.json","updb_database_id":5285260}
I was traveling through Death Valley when I crested a mountain top and saw a long skinny football shaped craft with a red light on the back

I crested a mountain in Death Valley and saw a ship hovering above the ground about 100 yards or less up from the valley floor. I started accelerating faster toward it and I saw it was a long skinny football shape or cigar like shaped ship that was a satin kind of metal with no seems or windows or wings. It had a bright red light on the back and there were no heat waves or sound or motion of any kind that I was aware of. It was a bright sunny day so I could see the ship clearly and the red light on the back seemed extremely bright especially considering how bright the sun was hitting it already. I was within a mile from it, traveling at high speeds toward it to get a closer look after already observing the ship for about ten minutes as it just hovered above the desert floor and I drove down into the valley toward it. It then turned its nose toward the ground and continued to hover for about 1/2 a minute. So now the glowing red tail of the ship has pointed up toward the sky, and the metal bullet like nose of the ship has pointed toward the ground. I then decided I must get as close as possible to this ship. So I gassed my motorcycle as hard as I could to get as close as possible to the ship but as soon as I decided this and went full throttle on my motorcycle the shipped dove directly at the ground extremely fast. It dove toward the ground at what seemed like 100mph+ speeds. It then stopped immediately about 15 yards above the desert floor, just high enough off the ground to not hit what little trees where below it. It then paused for just a second, still pointed toward the ground with the red light on the rear pointed up toward the sky. It then propelled forward across the desert floor for about 150 yards or so while in this same position. It flew with its nose pointed at the ground which looked very strange and other worldly. It traveled that distance faster than I could even blink, but luckily I didn’t at the time it transported. I saw the whole thing happen, although it was so fast, and then it disappeared in a small flash of bright white light, leaving a 150 yard long cloud of dust behind it that it had stirred up from the dusty ground. The ship was probably about 30 feet long and about 6-8 feet thick at its thickest point. The red light on the back was probably 3-5 feet tall and the nose came to a small rounded off shape about the size of a basketball in circumference.
