{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-24 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527260","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28373","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/260/mufon-5527260.json","updb_database_id":5527260}
Large flaming object falling from the sky

First: I had reported a previous sighting to Paranexus minutes before I saw this happen.

After making the above report that occurred on March 11, I went outside to smoke and looked at the stars/skywatched for about 15 minutes and was about to go back into my shop but leaned up against my door looking North just for a few more minutes when very suddenly my peripheral vision caught something in the Northeast. I turned to look and was astounded to see a large object falling. I thought I had luckily caught a metiorite but it was falling slower than a metiorite and at a much steeper angle than I expected, so I watched it fall with flames trailing and was actually fearful because it looked like it landed between my town and the next one to the East. I say fearful because everything is so dry here. I almost looked like it could be an aircraft. The flames engulfed the object and trailed long on the end to my left, got smaller in the middle and trailed not quite as long on the other end.I lost sight behind trees and homes close to me, so I couldn't see it hit the ground. I actually said "Whoa" outloud. I debated what I should do for about two or three minutes, and finally decided to get in my truck and see if I could find it or see any fire/police vehicles. I saw nothing except a few civilian trucks just off of the highway that might have been looking for it, but I didn't know if anyone else saw it. On the way home, I stopped and reported what I saw to the county Sheriff because of fire potential. I came home and watched the sky for any planes or helicopters and listened for sirens...nothing. I don't know what else to say but I don't think this was a trivial event. Maybe it landed or hit further than I thought, but I don't think so. I am a retired Navy/government aircraft mechanic and have seen many metiorites. I have no idea what this was.
