{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-18 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516260","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/260/mufon-5516260.json","updb_database_id":5516260}
{dr}Two neon-orange fire-like orbs floating in a steady northeast to south direction in the sky over residential houses in Grand Chute, Wisconsin.

Saturday, August 18, 2012, three of my neighbors and I (total of four people) were outside on the corner of my neighbors townhouse having a little fire and talking. I was the first to notice a firey orange light floating high above in the sky. I looked up and said, "Hey everyone look at that." One person asked, "what is that?" I did not know nor do I still know what it was. My first instant thought was could it be a bag on fire, because it was floating but its floating was a steady course from north to south. My female neighbor was worried it would land on her roof and catch fire. However, after a second of looking at it it was clearly not something on fire because there was no flame, spark, or smoke and it made no noise or sound whatsoever. It was clearly a neon-orange orb-like object. The same exact color as fire, but in the shape of a sphere. I was so amazed at it that it did not occur to me to take any photos of this one. It continued to float/fly in a steady direction from north to south until it seemed to get dimer and finally vanish in the distance high above some trees and houses. 

My other neighbor walked by (now a total of five people) and we told her what we saw and we began to speculate as to what it was. Moments later (within a minute or two), a second glowing orange orb appeared traveling in the same direction exactly like the first one. This time, I grabbed my Canon digital camera, which I had on hand and I zoomed in and managed to take two photographs of the orange orbs. This second orb also became dimer the further it traveled away and vanished into the distant. 

I have never seen or witnessed anything like this ever before in my life. These two orange orb-like objects were too big or close to be stars in space and were too symmetrical in shape and neon-orange in color to resemble a shooting star. The had no tail or streak to indicate being a comet or meteor and although they were minutes apart from each other they both floated/flew in the same North-to-South course direction. They traveled as a steady pace. They appeared as though they were floating in motion, thus discounting the possibility that they were comets, meteors, or shooting stars. I saw nothing to indicate that it could have been a hot air balloon. These were fire-like neon-orange orb-like objects, emitting no sound or noise as they traveled across the night sky over were my neighbors and I live in Grand Chute, Wisconsin, right on the outskirts of Appleton, Wisconsin. The objects were seen between 9:30PM until 9:50PM (central time), when the last/second one finally vanished. 

{{I took two photos, which I have attached in this e-mail. I zoomed in to take the photos using my Canon Powershot SX150 IS 14.1 mega pixel digital camera with 12x optical zoom. I called the Outagmie County Sheriff Department to report the incident and they suggested I call the National UFO Reporting Center hotline, which I also did.}}
