{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-24 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491260","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68311","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3088,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/260/mufon-5491260.json","updb_database_id":5491260}
{rjl} Camping in motorhome when aware of a vibration and loud humming sound, observed a huge glowing white orb hovering above us.

We were camping in our motorhome on completely secluded BLM land just north of Kingman, Arizona. It was about 10:30 p.m. and we had our satellite dish up and was watching television. Suddenly we heard an extremely loud, but low-pitched humming sound above the RV and felt a vibrating/rumbling sensation that felt as though it was coming up from the ground right through the RV.

We turned off the television and LED lights and then my husband peaked out through the mini blinds and called out, "what the heck is that?" I jumped out of my chair to take a look and noticed an object that can only be described as a huge, bright white orb hovering above us, just off to the starboard side of the RV. It was dead still, just hovering, only now it was completely silent which really gave us the creeps.

After all, as we discussed between us, what kind of aircraft can hover quietly in one spot, with no sound or movement. As far as we were concerned that ruled out a helicopter (only object we know that hovers)and any regular aircraft since we don't know of any that can hover in silence and stillness for any length of time, especially one that looked like a bright, round orb. In fact, it was so quiet, that if it hadn't been for the initial loud humming and vibration, we wouldn't have known it was there since all our blinds and curtains were closed.

We wondered how it could have spotted us out in the middle of nowhere in the pitch black of night, not to mention, being hidden behind some  desert shrubs. That made us feel uneasy. We even considered whether it tracked us from our satellite dish. 

Oddly, we were relatively calm, under the circumstances. My husband got brave and went outside and looked directly up at the object but it still didn't move. Then, a strange thing happened. My husband came back into the RV, grabbed our huge, mega watt, high-beam flashlight, went back outside and shone it right up at the object and the object literally vanished right before our eyes! We didn't see it fly off in any direction. It just vanished! That was when we knew it had to be some kind of UFO. 

We were left stunned and in disbelief as to how that object could have just vanished into thin air without a trace. We were relieved that it was gone and joked about it after. My husband likes to think he scared it off with his flashlight!
