{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-17 01:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288260","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115109","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3021,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/260/mufon-5288260.json","updb_database_id":5288260}
Sun like fireball hovering over the Napa valley

At around 1:15 am on august 17 2017, I was walking to my car from my gym. It was warm out and the sky was clear so I decided to roll down my car window, it was during this time that I first noticed the bright light hovering over to the west of where I was. At first I thought it was a shooting star. However the thing I was looking at did not move fast and it did not leave a trail, which I’ve seen in past shooting star sightings. For a second I also thought it could be a rocket but again, no trail being left behind and it appeared as if it was on a controlled flight pattern not losing altitude at all and moving fairly slow. At around the same time I began to record from inside my car. I was shocked and then speechless, I was also very scared because it was late at night early in the morning, no one was on the road and I had a 19 mile drive home across the valley to Saint Helena, I observed the flying object for just a few minutes after beginning my recording, it then went over a building and I lost sight of it. On my drive home which is a straight drive north through the Napa valley. I was able to see the same object going east over the mountains, where I eventually lost sight of it. I had previous knowledge of MUFON and I checked the “sightings” page for the next couple of days but no one had reported anything similar, however I was not comfortable with sharing my video because at the time I didn’t want to be judged as a crazy person seeing things in the sky. It has now been some time since my experience and I have been seeing a shift in how the population reacts to such experiences and those who have them, so I wanted to share my own. The video I recorded was recorded through Snapchat, a popular video sharing app which gives the user the ability to zoom in while video recording, therefore I was able to try to zoom in on the “fireball” and get a better look at it as it was very bright like the sun but the size of a large vehicle. Although I haven’t experienced anything like what I saw that night since, I often look up at the stars with a new found respect for what might be out there.
