{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497260","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62107","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/260/mufon-5497260.json","updb_database_id":5497260}
{rjl} Three dim glowing orbs fly fixed wedge formation parabolic flight path halfway across sky then join together

On the morning of November 10, 2014, my other ground crew members and I had just finished towing a Boeing 757 from the west side of San Francisco International Airport back to the terminal. As I was walking under the right main wing and had just passed the intake of the number two engine, walking towards the tip of the wing, I spotted my coworker. He asked me what time it was and I looked at my watch and in a british accent I said, 1zero, zero, twenty-three.1 
He then had walked off toward my left as I continued toward the rear of the aircraft. Ahead of me was Terminal 2, which were filled with parked narrowbody aircraft. The air was cool outside and as I had been walking under the right wing (and just passing the trailing edge) I breathed out a few deep breaths and noticed my breath. I had thought to myself, 1goodness, I guess the winter is coming quite quickly. It1s going to be cold at nights before I know it!1 Then after looking a little less than strait up, something caught my eye passing from right to left (about 50 1 70 degrees up). There were three faintly glowing lights (fainter than the stars, but still bright enough to be noticed, and they had visible light auras around them, but no bigger than the lights themselves) moving in a wedge formation; the first light leading and the other two following, but all moving at the same rate. They were visible for about 3 1 4 seconds total. 
They seemed to have a downward curving trajectory. The first thing I said to myself was, 1hey, it1s a new stealth, military fighter jet!1 Then while I was observing them, they joined up into what seemed like one light and I then said to myself, 1no s**t! . . . it1s a UFO!1 Right after they had joined up, I quickly pulled out my iphone and attempted to set it to video mode, but I had lost sight of them by then. I then glanced at my watch and it said 00:26. My mouth then hung open wide and I walked about face towards my workers as they were removing chocks from the supertug that we had just used to tow one of our aircraft.
