{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-26 21:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498260","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/260/mufon-5498260.json","updb_database_id":5498260}
{dr}Spotted a light gluster in sky with red green yellow while lights flashing on and off. Object would go up and down, side to side

At home, I walked by the master bedroom window and noticed a 1star1 that looked differently than the others. It caught my attention. I stopped and stayed long enough to witness the lights flash different colors - red, green, yellow, white. It appeared to be one object. Then the object/lights would ascend and descend, and move side to side but always staying within its general area. I looked at it through a set of binoculars and I witnessed the colored lights were more definitively round and they flashed on and off in almost a pattern. I saw three different planes traverse my view horizon as it related to the lights. I knew they were planes with their distinctive flashing plane-like lights and they were going in a straight horizontal direction. I was glad I was able to compare known flying objects (the planes) with something that didn't register as something I was familiar with. At one point I said aloud to the light source, "you have no interest in me anymore, do you?" I have had my own curiosities/experiences from childhood to early adulthood that are questionable and unresolved.  My partner and I watched it for about a half hour and stopped watching it altogther. Then in a cavalier way, we both said to each other, "ok it1s a UFO and does it really matter anymore?" Observing this UFO was our experience and we have no recourse to tell our story expect maybe here. So, there was this resignation that fell on us. We both agreed this sighting is not unlike others we1ve heard about, and this will continue. So now what? Unless humankind is in a big petri dish and we have no control in this manner or setup, then does it matter anymore? The world has seen UFOs like forever, we1ve seen crop circles pop up worldwide for some time, we hear about underwater activity that can1t be explained, and like many other people I1ve had my own visits at night with the mysterious owl when I was a kid. I would think it would be great to have global conscious contact with these unknowns but maybe it1s never meant to be or not be right now. Maybe humankind will have this available to us to in about a thousand more years? Thank you for allowing this forum to be here to give my account of this UFO observation.
