{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-15 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292260","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111062","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/260/mufon-5292260.json","updb_database_id":5292260}
Fast light streak across sky first observed by husband. Hovering , then disappearing object observed in same area of sky seconds later

My wife and I were sitting in our new hot tub for first time on our uncovered deck at our home out in the forest in north eastern WA. 
We had a deep snow cover in the forest and it was very cold at way below freezing temps. This is a remote location over a mile from a paved road and it was after 1 am . I looked up to see a very fast white light streak a short streak in the northern section of the sky. I immediately assumed it was a 'shooting star' although it was very white and was not apparently falling downward but I didn't doubt in the moment it was a meteor. seconds later a pinpoint blink /flash occurred in the same path seconds after the apparent meteor went out. The night sky was as clear as any sky could be and being up in the Selkirk mountains away from city lights etc it was magnificently clear. No moon . 
I have observed those micro second blinks out in space before and mentioned it to my wife right then. Within a second or so she yelled out 'look at that' ! and I went to look up and she was very adamant pointing and yelling look it vanished ! It disappeared within a second. She will eventually add to this report I believe but I observed her way more excited than normal stating a giant black triangular shape appeared out of no where , and then disappeared. I was a bit thrown by how adamant she was of what she just saw and recently when we discussed this she verified it was triangular more than rectangular. Anyway , she is not one prone to imaginary tales lets just say that. She does where glasses and had them on and states that the were not fogged up from the hot tub heat and the cold air because of the way she was positioning herself in the tub . She has very good vision with her glasses on . She exclaimed that there were stars , then the object blacked out the stars very clearly then vanished replacing the blackness with stars again . She reports this was as apparent as anything possible. very clear vision of it. 
By the time I looked up I saw nothing but stars . She said it appeared in the spot and then vanished in the spot '' for just a very short time . about 2 seconds she reports . So from the time I saw the white streak then the blink to her observing the object 'uncloaked' was about 5 to 7 seconds. Quite frankly she scared the heck out of me when she yelled 'look at that' because I had just seen what I saw. Very exciting 5-7 seconds indeed , but that is NOT the end to this story. 
Within another 3 minutes an extremely low flying (150 to 200 ft) helicopter came out of nowhere , very quiet for we did not hear it until it was almost directly over our 20 acres of forest land. (which is very odd since we are way out in the woods and its past 1am and one could hear a branch crack acres away) The snow in the trees and on the ground may have helped muffle the sound too tho , but regardless, this ridiculously low flying helicopter came from the east over the trees flying as slow as they could and still be moving forward. They flew directly over us with only one light on we could see. . Not necessarily a search light but a head light so to speak. 
This helicopter was directly over us now at about 150 ft up in hover and obviously detecting that that there was a rectangular object that was about 104 F degrees outside in minus -5 F degree weather in the forest miles from lights and actual civilization . 
Now again , this was our new hot tub that we had just bought and just installed and we were in it. Note; There are homes and land owners throughout that area but many acres separate these homes with ranch-land and or forest land. 
Obviously concerned this helicopter was about 150 ft over our deck we got a bit scared and I turned on the internal hot tub lights so it wasn't just infra red from the heat the helicopter people were seeing on their gauges , but a true visual that WE were in a Jacuzzi etc. Once I did this , They creeped away and for the following 20 minutes or more this helicopter went into full search mode, creeping over every acre of our land and all the neighboring properties and forest. All the while just above the tall treetops. Note ; we lived in this exact location for 5 years and not once has any helicopter done anything remotely like this especially at 1am in the middle of a freezing winter night. Whatever it was they were looking for they were intent on finding it. Again , they were initially immediately drawn into our very hot water in Jacuzzi , but that was only the beginning of their search in our parts. They creeped northwest over the tree tops in search mode and eventually the sound of them disappeared into the silence again . 
We looked at each other , said "well that just happened" laughed and went inside. My wife stayed observably charged up about what she saw. 
The next day I called the sheriff dept. and asked if there was some sort of rescue or manhunt in the area and reported the low flying helicopter. The Stevens Co. Sheriff dept. informed me there was no manhunt or search effort in the county at all at that time . Note : It seemed as though by the tone of the person I spoke to that I was not the only one who called them about this helicopter that morning (but I did not inquire about that with her). 
That was the end of this incident and although I have reported it to MUFON and other people verbally before this , this is the first written report. Note  We never had another helicopter over that property again even close to that night's experience nor any 'unexplained' attention to our deep forest hot tub after that first week either . At our new home however, we continue to have observe unexplained 'flying' happenings which too have been reported.
