{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1959-02-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5178976","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"7vjvsc","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5178976,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
witness sighted a biconvex dull red object about 25 ft wideGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
Victorville, California
February 24, 1959

Animal Behavior Feature:
A bright light shown into a young man1s bedroom. The family1s pet dogs
were howling and running around in the yard, and he let them indoors.
As he did so, to the west, he saw an object so large that his spread hand
did not cover it top to bottom, and it was about twice as long as thick.
It emitted a sound similar to the hum of a transformer, but higher in pitch,
or similar to a whip swishing through the air must of vastly greater volume.
The object passed over his front yard at an altitude of 8-10 feet going NE,
and over the next 15 minutes, the object passed over the yard/house 4 more
times at a variety of speeds. On the final pass, the vibration of the
object could be felt throughout the house. On each pass over the house,
the witness heard a sharp cracking sound like from a spark plug but of much
greater volume. The dogs continued whimpering, shaking, and hiding under
the furniture and were still doing so when the witness1s parents arrived home
at 11 P.M. [Interesting that the pets were still exhibiting fear 45 minutes
after the event appeared to end. Commonly when the fear-producing stimulus
is gone, the animal calms quickly1jw]

The radio reception, clear before 10 P.M. and after 10:15 P.M. was blocked
by static during the 15 minutes of the sighting. Two neighbors also reported
radio/TV interference during this time.

Joan Woodward, Animal Behavior Specialist:
A young man was baby sitting his brother while his parents were at night school
when these events occurred. The bright object was lens shaped from the
front, and more cone shaped from the side with one end rounded and the other
tapered. The object was bright but had a dull red color with purple
waves moving through its extremities. The witness was puzzled that he
could not see the object from the rear (after it passed him). When he
could not see it, he could not hear it either.

The witness1s younger brother saw the object through a living room window
covered by a split bamboo blind on its second pass. The figure on page
168 shows George AFB control tower 8 miles from the witness1s house, probably
explaining why the witness said he was familiar with sonic booms and that
was not what he heard during these events.

No physiological effects were reported.

Source:
Hynek, J. Allen, 1977, The Hynek UFO Report, Dell Publishing, New York, pages
167-170.
