{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T13:13:15Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 27131278, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/jal1628-zip/733667-002-002.pdf", "source_sha256": "9fcde7d827a23baf4eca60c8f21fa8f219650feb50d9fed81bf5caac3912b200"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 428, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of MILLIONS of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2351, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1987 ALASKA PRSA AURORA AWARD CATEGORY #8, "OTHER"
SUMHARY
I. OBJECTIVE:
The objective of this public affairs campaign was to;
Locate all the factual information available about the incident and
Reduce and eliminate rumors, speculation, and false statements b
employees and persons not involved or knowledgeable.
3.
Respond to the public inquiry in such a manner that the agency
integrity, dignity, and respect is maintained by both employees
(morale, etc.) and
non-employees.
4. Respond in a timely manner with all material and explanations to
preclude a "cover-up" accusation.
5. Create and provide interpretative material about complicated
technical aspects so subject can be easily understood and reported.
6. Comply with all legal aspects of the United States Freedom of
Information Act.
7. Maintain the dignity and integrity of the Japan Airlines flight
8. Obtain agency policy and recommendations for release in a timely
manner.
9. Release all material simultaneously to media sources and public or
a national and international basis so none have a "scoop story'
advantage over another.
II. PLANNING:
Initial plans called for documenting and retaining the evidence,
investigating the incident, and waiting to see if there was any media
interest. Announcing the incident in any way was avoided as this would
place the integrity of the agency and the flight crew in question by
There was an initial response period to the media and public in
which significant additional material about the agency's role in the
incident
was uncovered. This occurred on a daily piecemeal fashion as
additional investigation of agency staff revealed information not
previously considered relevant.
information was intentionally shut off until all available data could
be collected, reviewed, analyzed, described, conclusions reached, and
released at one time thereby eliminating the increasing appearance that
the agency was either incompetent or did not consider the incident as
serious.
National and international media and public interest was both un-
anticipated and intense. Many requests filed under the Freedom of
Information Act (FOIA) were received as a result of the publicity. The
agency, by law, must respond to these requests in 10 working days. The
following plan,
approved by the Director, was set forth January 5,
1987 by the Public Affairs Office.

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2515, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-, 1987 Alaska PRSA Aurora Award Category #8, PTS
1. A specific date would be chosen to release all the data.
Staff assignments would be made to a variety of specialists to
complete the research and assist the Public Affairs Office as
All known material/information would be collected, analyzed,
arranged in logical order, and agency conclusions completed for
release on March 5, 1907.
Additional materials, under the guidance of the Public Affairs
Office, would be created as needed to help explain the basic data
(See item 7, section VII).
A list of all available known information, with a description,
length, and cost to obtain would be prepared by the Public Affairs
Office for response to the hundreds of written inquiries. This
would allow the public to pick and choose the items that want based
on subject and cost. (Items totalling under $5.00 were sent free.
The entire package cost $193.80.)
6. A press conference, (March 5, 1987, 10:00 am) with one week prior
notice to all interested news media, would be held to release all
the material. The 10:00 am time was
chosen to fit the regular work
schedule of the ABC, CBS, NBC, film crews (no overtime needed), and
provide competing daily newspapers with information prior to press
deadlines. Thursday was chosen specifically to fit the deadlines of
the East-coast news market.
A complete free package of
all material would be provided to any
bona-fide news media inquiry, along with an index to items of
special interest,
to preclude any "cover-up".
8. All questions would be answered at the press conference.
9. All agency effort, investigation, materials, conclusions, etc.,
would be completed and released at the press conference.
10. Material delivery requested by media and public via DHL, Federal
Express, or other personal pickup, would be sent out the day or
night before the press conference, depending on the distance of
travel, so that all materials would arrive at the destination at
approximately 10:00 am of March 5, 1987.
11. All inquires for information would be promptly filled.
12. Radio interviews, talk shows, telephone and personal interviews
regarding the incident would
be done by the Public Affairs Officer
only. There is no other
authorized release of information without
the consent of the Public Affairs Office.
13. A complete package of the written materials will be collected and
deposited with a Government publishing house (NTIS) for future
public access at a nominal cost, thereby relieving the agency of
future response.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2313, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3-, 1987 Alaska PRSA Aurora Award Category #8, PTS
III.
EXECUTION:
The above plan was executed. Major events by date follow.
(1986)
Nov. 17: Incident occurs, crew met at airport, interviewed, voice and
radar tapes retrieved and
stored, material held, controllers
Dec. 24: Kyodo News Service correspondent visits, additional research
Dec. 29: UPI-Alaska Bureau chief calls, visits, interviews, release.
Followed by intense media interest (see items #8,9, Section
VII).
Jan. 04: In response to public interest the agency decides to re-
interview flight crew, review data tapes, and obtain
Washington D.C. and technical specialists reviews.
Jan. 05: Agency decision to cease releasing any new information until
Interim letters sent to FOIA requests informing them that
material is being collected for response to their inquiry.
Jan. 08: Unauthorized interview with controller reveals their opinior
and the fact that more than one controller was involved addins
misinformation and creating impression of possible agency
cover-up. Quick response by agency and Public Affairs Office
shuts down unauthorized interviews. (Difficult to due in a
Government agency where there is no formal repprimand for
Continued to respond to numerous national and international
media calls. Hundreds of mail inquires.
Feb. 21: All basic known materials collected. Order form created and
sent to all media and public inquiries.
The February 21 date was selected by backing up from the March
5, news release date, so that all FOIA requests for
information based on
the order form could be legally completed
March 5th. (10 working days).
reb. 25: All previously recorded news media sources (See item #8,
Section VII) were notified by telephone of press conference
set for March 5.
Mar. 01: Additional materials created by Public Affairs Office to
assist in explaining complicated portion of data completed
(See item #7, Section VII). New data sought after review by
Public Affairs Office in anticipation of media questions.
Mar. 04: Preparation for press conference complete; visual aids,
materials, special media index, ready. Agency conclusions
complete.
Mar. 05: Press conference held. (Agenda: Handout material, allowed 20
minutes for reporters to study and review-aided by index and
tabs, briefing, highlights, and question/answers.)

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1714, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-4-, 1987 Alaska PRSA Aurora Awards Category #8, PTS
IV. RESULTS:
1. The public was provided with all materials at a nominal cost.
2. The media was provided with all materials and questions answered.
3. News media interest died 24 hours after the press conference, as
desired and predicted.
4. All materials saved for archive purposes.
5.
Ine agency revealed all,
answered all, and maintained integrity
between extremes of "believers" on one side and "De-bunkers" on the
other (Walked-the-line).
6.
7.
The integrity of the flight crew and the airline was maintained.
Charges for materials were extremely low, (less than cost) as
dictated by the FOIA.
491 orders filled as of August 14, 1987 #
$13,308 in funds collected
28 requests forwarded to NTIS
Almost a thousand order forms sent out.
(* Persons seeking information had to request the
material twice. Once to get the order form, and again
with the form and payment to get the material. This was
intentional.)
VI. RESOURCES AVAILABLE:
The Public Affairs Staff of 3 people continued to perform all their
regular duties while responding to the overwhelming media and public
requests for information, with no additional compensated overtime. All
three employees (one works a 32 hour week) received "Outstanding
Performance Awards" from their supervisors for the past year.
VII. MATERIALS:
1. Complete investigative file (listing
of items in package).
2. Memo to Director regarding a plan.
3. Order form for materials.
4. News Releases
5. Notice of Press Conference
6. Additional materials to clarify data
7. Press inquiries, contacts
8. News clippings
9. Photos created for media and public.
10. Press Conference
11. Video of news broadcasts and
press conference

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1243, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Memorandum
U.S. Department
of Transportation
Federal Aviation
Administration
Subject:
From:
To:
JAL #1628, UFO
Date:
January 5, 1987
Paul Steucke, AAL-S
Public Affairs Officer
Reply 10
Attn. of:
Director, AAL-1
ttached for your review Is a Public Affairs plan of action tor a
rganized release of information regarding the sighting of unidentifie
air traffic by the crew of Japan Airlines flight 1628, on November 17,
Three specific problems have created the need for this plan of action.
(1) The public and media interest in this subject is far greater than
anticipated and requires an organized response that will not
inadvertently embarrass the agency,
inve at the data in on heation or revie and it weave doteet
able to derive any conclusions that will allow us to conclude this
investigation.
We have nothing to hide, yet we must be very careful to release even
the most boring of data, or we will be criticized of "covering-up" via
"the Government".
I suggest we cease releasing information at this time, set a reasonable
date for a press conference, publicize that date, and proceed according
to the attached plan.
I am available at your convenience to discuss this further.
Your
concurrence is
needed before I can
proceed.
Paul Steucke

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2475, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PUBLIC AFFAIRS PLAN
FOR RELEASE OF INFORMATION RE JAL 1628 UFO
JANUARY 5, 1987
1.
A specific date should be chosen to release all the data. Suggest
10:00 am March 5, 1987.
2.
Staff assignments should be made to a variety of specialists to
complete the research and assist the Public Affairs Office as
needed.
3.
All known material/information should be collected, analyzed,
arranged in logical order, and agency conclusions completed for
release on March 5, 1987.
4. Additional materials, under the guidance of the Public Affairs
Office, can be created as needed to help explain the basic data
5. A list
of all available known information, with a description,
length, and cost to obtain should be prepared by the Public Affairs
Office
for response to written inquiries. This would allow the
public to pick and choose the items that want based on subject and
6. A press conference, (March 5, 1987, 10:00 am) with one week prior
notice to all interested news media, should be held to release all
the material. The 10:00 am time has
been chosen to fit the regular
work schedule of the ABC, CBS, NBC, film crews (no overtime
needed), and provide competing daily newspapers with information
prior to press deadlines. Thursday was chosen specifically to fit
the deadlines of the East-coast news market.
A complete free package of all material should be provided to any
bona-fide news media inquiry, along with an index to items of
special interest, to preclude any "cover-up".
8. All questions should be answered at the press conference.
9. All agency effort,
investigation, materials, conclusions, etc.,
should be completed and released at the press conference.
10. Material delivery requested by media and public via DHu, Federa_
Express, or other personal pickup, should be sent out the day or
night before the press conference, depending on the distance of
travel, so that all materials will arrive at the destination at
approximately 10:00 am of March 5, 1987.
11. All inquires for information should be promptly filled.
Radio interviews, talk shows, telephone and personal interviews
regarding the incident should be done by the Public Affairs Officer
only. There is no other authorized release of information without
the consent of the Public Affairs Office.
13. A complete package of the written materials will be collected and
deposited with a Government publishing house (NTIS) for future
public access at a nominal cost, thereby relieving the agency of
future response.

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 129, "chars": 1099, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
NatIonal
UFO
- SELE ADHESIVE LABEL → REPORTING_ CENTER
1-206-722-3000
Manned 24-hours Every Day
PRIVATE NON-PROFIT CITIZEN GROUP
(Publish UFO Newsletter)
UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS
NATIONAL
UFO REPORTING CENTER
1.206.722.3000
SPONSORED BY
PHENOMENA RESEARCH
P.O. BOX 1807. SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98111
National Aeronautics and
Space Administration
Ames Research Center
Moffett Field, CA 94035
Mail Stop 239-3
(415) 694-5719
(FTS) 464-5719
Richard F. Haines, Ph.D.
Chief, Space Human Factors Office
Aerospace Human Factors Research Division
NASA
NASA Scientist who tracks and maintains
file of more than 3,000 UFO sighting
by pilots in past 20 years. Hobby, not
a part of his job or NASA employment.
MUFON
MUTUAL UFO NETWORK, INC
(Walter Andrus, Jr. Int. Director)
103 Oldtowne Road,
Seguin, TX
78155-4099 USA
(512) 379-9216
Private international organization
founded May 31, 1969. Non-profit, sponsor
of numerous international UFO symposiums.
Publish a 20 page monthly magazine.
aUFa
Vicki Cooper
Editor
(213) 273-9409:
1662631
mai: 1800 S. Robeitson +35s LA LA 40035
UFO Magazine, Profit, Monthly.
:

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 515, "chars": 3245, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PHENOMENA RESEARCH REPORI
Vol. 3
No.
Robert J. Gribble, Editor
Issue No. 30
A NIGHT FLIGHT TO REMEMBER--A full moon shown in the
Arctic sky as Captain
Kenju Terauchi took off from
Iceland November 17, 1986,
Japan Air
cargo jet loaded with French
Alaska on a route across Greenland to Eismere Island, Canada,
Beaufort Sea,
then into Alaska air space above Fort Yukon.
For the first
the flight--crewed by Terauchi, co-pilot Takanori
Tamefuji and engineer Yoshio Tsukuda--was uneventful.
the winds--except for some light gusts over Greenland--were calm.
cruised into Alaska,
• were an estimated three miles
ahead of the plane,
pilots cockpit seat, and 2000 feet lower than
the plane. oner Left
side-to-side, then pulsed across the sky
hovered almost stationary, shirtey
objects, Terauchi
very high technology
"were not made by human kind.
They were of &
The events recounted by Terauchi in the 50 minutes after that first sighting
of lights are some of
the most bizarre in Alaska aviation history.
first becoming public in late December, 1986, the reports have transformed
this soft-spoken,
47-year-old,
Anchorage-based pilot into an international
by People magazine,
dozen other national and international publications.
impressive list of professional credentials to lend weight to his rather
years flying experience.
he never believed in UFOs.
that the lights he
saw in November were spaceships of
some unknown, extra-
interview after interview,
he methodically makes his
case, charting the events
of the sighting on flight maps of the Arctic sky.
Terauchi's encounter began with his sighting of the two belts of amber
check them out,
he radioed
Anchorage
traffic controllers.
controllers replied
that no military or civilian flights
The two belts of light continued to dance in front of the plane.
grabbed for his camera,
but realized that taking a picture would
there was not enough light to
minutes later after the lights
appeared in front of
suddenlj moved farther out ahead of the plane,
He could then make
of the crafts--cylinders wrapped in lateral lines of light
that extended from a darker center.
The lines appeared to be exhaust
outlets, and they alternately pulsated light from
the two sides of the
cylinder.
objects reversed direction, the exhaust lights
appeared to flare brighter.
in a separate interview,
also reported seeing
several lights in front of us,
I couldn't
see them,
and the captain told me they were on the left-hand side, " he said.
After about 15 minutes, the first two lights
he saw a big band of glowing white light, similar to
icht emitted by fluorescent bulb.
He turned on his weather radar and tuned
дао an a onto lee sol toring sa an an at the sout as in
they thought was an
object at about the same reference point on their monitor, according to Sam
tape showed the
Rich said none of the
controllers, at the time, thought that was the case.
view of the new object.
city gave Terauchi a
circled a huge
white band of light.
the object, he got permission from a
The object descended "in
Then Terachi, after consulting with the control the
The object remained in view.
JAL plane flew past Mount McKinley,
controllers asked a Fairbanks-bound
United Airlines flight to try to confirm the sighting. The United plane

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 563, "chars": 3498, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
veered off to follow the JAL flight path at a lower altitude.
the two planes.
the white light disappeared.
"It was like
Terauchi postulates that whatever he
"I can't understand the technology, but it was not
It was completely controlled."
If he sees the objects again,
he's ready to try communicating.
Perhaps four blinks of the wing lights,
In Morse Code,
he says, that's
CONTROLLER SAYS UNKNOWN IMAGE WAS TRACKED ON RADAR--Three air traffic
controllers tracked on radar
November 17th flight of a
Air Lines cargo plane,
according to one of
the controllers who helped monitor the radar.
The captain of the JAL plane
that an unidentified
object was tailing his aircraft at
same location as the radar image.
three of us thought there was
controller who has worked for the Federal Aviatior
than a decade. A track is what air
controllers call
the radar image
Rich said he was on duty
for the half-hour during which the JAI plane reported spotting the
said the pilot sounded shaken.
"He was concerned.
Rich said the controllers immediately turned down
their radar range
that would better define the air space
there did appear to be a track near the plane about where he (the pilot)
JAL plane.
there was.
So we kept looking.
The track was not real strong,
but neither he nor any of his colleagues then thought it might be a split
the track, Rich
the Military Regional
Operations Control Center.
informed me that they had the same track.
controller
told the pilot to make a series of turns and a descent in
effort to shake the
review of the radar
the controllers lost
Lost track of the an
as the plane headed south from
The FAA launched a major
concluded that
the track was a split or double-
image of the JAL plane.
Rich confirmed that double images often occur on the
the computer-generated data.
through the areas where the split images normally
pilot isn't the first pilot to report strange things in that northern
been about a half dozen reports of
unidentified lights
from civilian and militery pilota.
"It's pretty real to
them (the pilots)," Rich
AYS ALASKA UFO PROBABLY PLANET JUPITER--The three-man cr
airliner who observed a huge
on November 17,
probably observed nothing more than the planet Jupiter, according to Phillip
and protein instigator the very bright planet was or
very bright planet was only 10
degrees above the horizon making
appear to the pilot to
be at roughly his
own altitude of 35,000 feet.
(EDITORS NOTE: According to the astronomy
the planet Jupiter was
One would have to be
very desperate to explain away this UFO incident
with the explanation that
Jupiter would appear as
EX-PROFESSOR
THEORIZES ALIEN BEINGS--Aliens from distant worlds maj
Earth and making unorficial
contacts with selected humans,
recently retired scientist at Oregon State University.
space beings may have
adopted an embargo on official contact with
earthlings, wishing to avoid the chaos that could sweep the planet if their
were suddenly revealed.
government, said the scientist
Deardorff, 58, professor emeritus of atmospheric
who are prepared to accept it in their minds that
Ior the shock that could come later when they reveal themselves."
who retired in september,
1986, has been described by colleagues as one
the most illustrious members of OSUs atmospheric sciences
research on atmospheric turbulence and boundary layer effects
earned him the
field's highest honors, including
the 1978 Rossby gold medal of the Americar
Meteorological Society.
Yet the lure of extraterrestrial mysteries
(2)

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 565, "chars": 3720, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
scientific establishment was to strong to resist.
fall Deardorff took
an early retirement and began devoting all
the question.
"He has a worldwide research reputation.
We were very sorry
to lose him, " said W. Lawrence Gates,
chairman of the atmospheric sciences
a complete surprise to most of us.
times to pursuade bim to
In 1985 Deardorff added the
"leaky embargo"
theory to the scientific literature
on extraterrestrials, publishing it
the Quarterly Journal of the Royal Astronomical Society.
presence of alien beings,
an assumption Deardorff says he is inclined to
First of all, he says in his literature, there may be between 100,000
and 10 million independently evolved advanced
Milky way galary alone.
Deardorff contends it is probable that one or more
advanced alien societies has traveled
the planet is at any roment under observation by a number of
different alien emissaries.
Deardorff said he is inclined to accept the view of UFO experts that 10
of UFO sightings cannot be explained using terrestrial
1l Tene de nevernon of years an vande of are st would appear to be magic
Deardorff says the social shock of confronting
extraterrestrials could be avoided as long
widespread disbelief among
governments and scientists was not jeopardized.
"Awareness of what was taking
place would then proceed very gradually, no faster that humankind in general
was inherently
extraterrestrial messages,
" Deardorff
In his own department,
Deardorff received mixed
'There were
some who preferred not to
three-fourths of the department were very interested," he said.
one or two believed it was a
totally silly waste of time.
Deardorff is firm in his resolve
to continue his enquiry.
cries out for
Look at it this way: What are
the odds that
"Why should we leave this up
It's time that the scientists got
involved in this."
NASA PUBLISHES SATELLITE'S SIGHTINGS--The National Aeronautics
Administration has published results of a satellite's survey
scientists years to know how many of the objects
sighted were
previously unknown asteroids or comets.
catalog--published
computer tape--lists 35,618 unidentified objects sighted by the satellite
which photographed 90 percent of
the sky during its 1983 mission.
AUSTRALIA'S GREATEST AVIATION MYSTERY REMAINS UNSOLVED--On October 21,1978,
a mystery sound interrupted transmission between pilot Frederick Valentich
and Melbourne Flight
Service which has never been explained, or identified.
Prior to the mystery
sound, pilot Valentich had been reporting the approach
description of
an unidentified flying
object similar to
those reported
from all over the world by people from all walks of life.
that fatal Saturday
evening, no trace has ever been found of either
or his blue and white Cessna aircraft.
Frederick Valentich was not the only
who reported UFOs over and near Bass
Strait (between Melbourne
Tasmania) that day and night.
Investigators have found more than
observers from that area before,
and after his encounter.
The period
Bass Strait had been building up
weeks prior to
that famous encounter.
The activity reached a peak the
weekend the pilot and his aircraft disappeared.
OP U.S. SENATOR SAW IWO UFOs--One of the most powerful U.S. Senators i
istory actually eyewitnessed two UFOs while on a fact finding tri
brough Russia in 1955--and the U.s. government has kept the sightings
secret for more than three decades.
The incredible encounter is detailed ir
12 top secret CIA, FBI, and U.S. Air Force reports which have been obtained
by Phenomena Research.
Bo Pusson, Roch) on startin or too Ared So that Controland
on & Soviet train when he spotted a disc-shaped craft taking off near the
were out of Russia.
"The three observers were firmly convinced that they
(3)

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 485, "chars": 3135, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
genuine UFO," says an Air Force Intelligence report dated October 14,
1955, and classified Top Secret at the time.
senator Russell served 38 jears in the Senate.
senators at the time of his death
Armed Services Committee Irom 1951 to 1969,
unsuccessfully sought the Democratic Presidential nomination
documents detailing his UFO encounter were made available
Research by the Fund for UFO Research and its chairman, U.S. Navy physicist
The documents were obtained by
the group through
Freedom of Information Act.
"These long-secret documents
importance because they show for the first time that
Senators witnessed and reported a UFO. "One of the most
"This case is also unique because the CIA took the
seriously."
The Air Force Intelligence report says Russell and his two traveling
companions spotted the
across Russia's Trans-Caucasian region.
on October 4' mone
while traveling by rail
disc ascended almost vertically
at a relatively slow speed,
surface revolving slowly to the
to an altitude
about 6000 feet where its
speed then increased
the report states.
"The second flying disc was
seen performing
1-2 miles south of the rail line...
and pass over the train" and went
"rushing in to get Mr. Efron
to see it," the report said.
his interpreter 0°12,
glimpse of the first.
all agreed
that they saw the same round...disc-shaped object...as
the first."
report was written by It. Col. Thomas Ryan, who interviewed
Senator Russell's companions
they arrived there from Russia shortly
Col. Ryan called the sightings
"an eyewitness account of
three highly reliable
observers."
He added that Col. Hathaway
led off his account
if your going to believe this, but we all saw it. Senator
first to see this flyin
that there isn't such a thing but all of us
that the agency later interviewed the three
eyewitnesses in the
--and also a fourth person,
one reposses hothes thearty
An eye-witness--whose name was blacked
the CIA report
slight dome on top."
edge of the dise was glowing pinkish-white, he added.
In "direction" eithe tee morangar the perepreter
in a clockwise direction, giving
appearance of a pinwheel.
Ruben Efron told the CIA that visibility was excellent.
approached the train, he said,
"the object gave the impression of gliding.
encounter,
Senator Russell told
"We saw a flying disc.
wanted Jou boys to see
it so that I would have witnesses, "
according to
1955, also discusses
sighting--and admitted Col.
an FBI memo dated November 4'"would support existence
Hathaway's testimony
Dr. Maccabee of the Fund For UFO Research believes
Senator Russell and his group never publicly revealed their incredible
"because they were no doubt advised not to talk.
provide startling new evidence that UFOs exist."
PILOT SIGHTINGS
delta-shaped object,
accompanied by several small
objects, flew under their plane
the co-pilots side.
The distance between the aircraft and
tae objecte less con 150 f00. The seats beenet picked op on
85 FAR AS HOPE ASKA
A bright silver oscillating
sphere
estimated
southbound.
The sphere,
to be 16 feet in diameter, Ilashed
and roart wore at an a tude or 1000 Pedout 500 knots.
on the left side
Both object
(4)

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2896, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1/22/85 2, ME NO 40,000 POTOS 45 do-shaped 019e of
a Cessna 172,
about the size of his plane flash by on his left side at a
about 300 feet.
entire instrument panel went "flakey. "distance
also saw the object.
SOVIET UNION--Darkness:
The crew and passengers
suddenly directed a bright ray
members reported that they
could see distinctly
everything on the ground
illuminated by the
of light--the houses and the roads.
Suddenly
cone of light focused on the airliner.
rate of speed and positioned itself
beside the aircraft at
an altitude of 33,000 feet and accompanied it for the rest of the flight.
Way 82 DOLATO COZ CAL FOR CAME Be Wan
A "strange looking object,"
small aircraft at high speed.
approached
to avoid the object which passed on the right side.
right to follow
the object.
Then the pilot turned
the object came back into view
approaching
the plane again, circled the plane twice, then moved north and
of sight.
4/17/82--MEDITERRANEAN
A DC-9 flying
streaked past the airliner.
The crew of
an Italian G-222 aircraft
observed the object.
3/0/02--SIXTY MILES SOUTHWEST OF ALLENDALE, SOUTH CAROLINA--1:45 PM:
disc--about 10 feet in diameter and one foot
observed approaching
a corporate jet on collision course.
dise passed the jet on the left side and was no more than 25 feet
the same altitude.
The aircraft was at
The pilot had 10 Jears flying
experience and the two corporate passengers
were both former air force pilots.
pilot with 30 years flying
2/23/82 THIRTY MOSES NORE OP INDIANAPOSE DAN 11.21 AM:
A private
experience
observed a large
fire moving
In a bigh speed vertical ta similar fireball was
The fireball vanished from
sight in a few
on February
reported
the same area
by pilots of four airliners.
It also moved straight up and out of
/17/82--FORTX MILES WEST OF CHARLESTON, WEST VIRGINIA--10:30 PM
The pilot
nd six passengers of a Cessna 402--flying fro
Charleston,
West Virginia at 13,000 feet--observed
moving up-and-down like & Jo-yo and making complete loops at high speed.
The maneuvers continued for 10 minutes before
10/1/81--FOURTEEN MILES
SOUTH OF SARANAC LAKE,
NEW YORK--7:48 PM
aircraft flying from Burlington,
New York at 16,000 feet
flow past a stationary bright orange rectangular
light which
the pilot had
Another plane flying
Albany, New York
at 7000 feet reported a similar object south of
the lake at
feet reported
moved any an 1ev0l 191gattatanygnt tag rate of pend ada
ming roo
green Ilashing lights.
A group of
Cherokee I-200 for more
Now Mexico to Las
than 15 minutes.
Nevada at an altitude of 12,500 feet.
outlined and approached the aircraft several times.
6/27/81--THIRIY FIVE MILES NNW OF DUBUQUE, IOWA--8:45 AM:
The pilot of a
feet observed a large silver
nata she also de no ng so at ale sees imposed posite sp
Louls, Missouri at 9000
was impossible to estimate speed.
Refer Al1 Witnesses to the National UFO Reporting Center--1/206/722/3000
(5)

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 595, "chars": 3890, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6/18/81--FIVE MILES SOUTH OF NEW HAVEN, CONNECTICUI--5:56 PM:
eastbound at 5500 feet the pilot and passenger
of & small aircraft watched
in amazement as an egg-shaped object--made of highly polished metal--passed
off of their left side at a distance of about one-half mile at
altitude.
The pilot made a sharp turn to
the left in a futile attempt to
Iollow the object which appeared to be moving
in excess of 300 knots.
object was estimated to be 15 to 20 feet in
diameter and was visible for
about 20 seconds.
6/6/81-- NEAR KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI--5:05 PM
A black object like two soup
owis placed together rim-to-rim passed within a wings length of a small
aircraft preparing to land.
Estimated to be about three feet in diameter
and at the same altitude
of the plane, the object was headed due east and
was visible for one minute.
f a United Air Lines flight traveling from Los Angeles to Denver,
Colorado.
The object moved abeam of
the airliner heading southwest at an estimated
An American Airlines airliner located 40 miles
the United flight reported the object and said it had reversed course anc
was heading northeast.
3/30/81--20 MILES SOUTHWEST OF PHILADELPHIA,
PENNSYLVANIA--11:51, PM
pilot of a Beach 55
position what
looked like a
aircraf frocket
southeast to northwest, accelerating at
climbing from the
extremely high speed with a long
blue Ilame coming out the aft end.
At 11:45 PM
the pilot and first officer
Of & Flying Tiger airliner--flying 100 miles northwest of Sparta,
37,000 feet and inbound to Kennedy International Airport--observed a bullet-
shaped object moving
at about 1200 miles per
the same time & United
Air Lines DC-8 located 100 miles west
reported seeing a long
glowing object streaking across the sky.
The object was not
11/3/00--NEAR OZONA, TEXAS--6:50 PM: A small aircraft bad just taken off and
ground when the pilot spotted a glowing
coming from the direction of Sonora at a very high rate of
long in shape and pointed on both ends.
About six miles out of Ozona
object seperated into
back section moved into a position
directly under the front section and the two objects passed the plane.
were both the same intensity of light.
As the pilot watched the objects
their glow disappeared.
Instantly the airplane engine
stopped and its lights went out.
A few seconds later the glow around
objects reappeared.
The plane's engine started by itself and its lights
came
Both objects then dropped
to a lower altitude and moved away
the Mexican border.
Five additional witnesses on the ground also
observed the objects.
Later that same evening what
could have been the same
object was observed in the middle of U.S. Highway 87, southeast of Sterling,
Texas and about 75 miles north of Ozona.
lunged upward to avoid being hit by a car occupied by two women.
neared his plane he could make out two objects shaped like hamburger buns
were moving side-by-side.
got to within 200 ieet
aircraft they began to circle his plane without banking.
yellow in color, about
10 feet in diameter,
and remained about 200 feet
circled the small airplane about
then broke away to the north.
*****
#·##****##*****
Phenomena Research was founded in 1955 under
for the purpose
conducting
scientific study of the UFO phenomenon.
and infornation which has
been analyzed to date indicates that
controlled, structured wingless vehicles and devices are entering Earth's
atmosphere and that they represent highly advanced civilizations and
technologies whose ports of
origin are on other
planets in other solar
systems.
Some of the reported UFOs
someone else's spacecraft.
National UFO Reporting Center is manned 24-hours every
individual or agency wishing
to report a UFO may do
so without fear of
ridicule or unwanted publicity.
The Phenomena Research Report is distributed
without charge to cooperating
address is:
P.O.
Box 1807--Seattle, WA
98111.
Phenomena Research is non-profit.
(6)

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 19, "chars": 189, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "clean-vision"}
ALACUAL
PHENOMENA RESEARCH
P. O. BOX 1807
SEATTLE. WASHINGTON 98111
CATT
PM
1987
WASH
5
Federal Aviation Administration
Alaskan Region Headquarters
701 C Street, Box 14
Anchorage, AK 99513

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 615, "chars": 4472, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MUFON Mutual UFO Network, Inc.
103 OLDTOWNE ROAD
SEGUIN, TEXAS 78155-4099 U.S.A.
WALTER H. ANDRUS, JR.
International Director
Telephone:
(512) 379-9216
The Mutual UFO Network, Inc. is an international scientific organization composed of people seriously interested
in studying and researching the phenomenon known as unidentified flying objects (UFOs) by combining their mutual
talents, areas of expertise and investigative efforts. MUFON is the acronym for the Mutual UFO Network, Inc.,
a Texas nonprofit corporation, exempt from Federal Income Tax under Section 501(c)(3) and a publicly supported
organization of the type described in Section 509(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code. MUFON firmly believes that
a concentrated scientific study by dedicated investigators and researchers will provide the ultimate answer to the
UFO enigma.
Founded on May 31, 1969, MUFON's phenomenal success may be attributed to the "grass roots" nature of the
organization where a majority of the leadership and motivation is achieved at the local level. In North America,
a State or Provincial Director oversees the investigative activities of the Field Investigators through State Section
Directors. An International Coordinator and seven Continental Coordinators work with the Foreign Representatives
and National Directors in each country on the international scene. MUFON is Governed by a Board of Directors
composed of 17 men and women and administered by an Executive Committee.
MUFON's Board of Consultants, most whom are PhDs or MDs representing 45 areas of science, technology,
medicine, psychiatry, psychology, theology, engineering, astronomy, communications, political science, photo
analysis, etc., are readily available as an advisory group to apply their expertise to UFO cases under study and
to conduct advanced research in their respective field.
Starting in 1970, MUFON has sponsored an Annual Internation UFO Symposium where world known scien-
tists, engineers, university professors, and authors lecture on their particular specialization or contributions to
resolving this perplexing scientific dilemma. To provide a permanent record of the presentations, the copyrighted
In order that only qualified, competent and sincere people may become involved, membership in MUFON is
by invitation only. Anyone interested in helping to resolve the UFO phenomenon is invited to join by submitting
a membership application and appropriate dues for approval. Based upon their education and experience, members
may serve in one or more of the following positions: Consultant, State or Provincial Director, State Section Direc-
tor, Foreign Representative, Field Investigator, Research Specialist, Amateur Radio Operator, Astronomy, Field
Investigator Trainee, Translator, UFO News Clipping Service, Contributing Subscriber, or Associate Member (under
18 years of age).
Field Investigators are trained and high standards of professionalism are required by MUFON. As objective,
scientific researchers, MUFON Field Investigators uphold the confidentiality of witnesses and case information.
Investigators are volunteers who conduct research at their own expense, and attempt to document sighting infor-
mation in a thorough and unbiased manner. The third edition of the copyrighted "MUFON Field Investigator's
Manual," published in 1983, provides effective guidelines, techniques and suggestions to members conducting UFO
sighting interviews and investigations.
Amateur Radio Networks, operating weekly, are utilized to receive and disseminate UFO sighting reports and
current UFO information. The exact date, time, and frequencies are published in the MUFON UFO JOURNAL.
A master file, containing all submitted UFO sighting reports, arranged chronologically by state, province, and
country, is maintained in the MUFON administrative offices.
A twenty-page monthly magazine, the MUFON UFO JOURNAL is our most significant means of sharing details
of UFO sighting reports and vital information related to the UFO phenomenon with our members throughout
the world. A subscription to the Journal is included in the annual membership dues of $25.00 in the U.S.A. and
$30.00 in foreign countries in U.S. funds.
For further information about joining the world's largest UFO membership organization, please write to the
address at the top of this page or contact your local MUFON representative. We invite you to join and be a part
of the solution to the greatest mystery of the space age.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1522, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1: 1710r
ANCHORAGE TIMES - DATE
•.
The Russian bear
AMID SOME indications
fighters have intercepted 14
that the United States and
Soviet planes on approaches
the Soviet Union may be
to the Alaska coast. Last
nearing an agreement on the
year, there were 34 inter-,
reduction of medium-range
cepts.
missiles in Europe, let's not
forget that Alaska still
THIS SORT of activity
stands face-to-face
with
demonstrates the high level
powerful Russian military
of operational Soviet mili-
forces.
tary missions in our part of
Reminders are easy to
the world
come by, quite apart trom
Such flights clearly are
just a simple look at the
not isolated training mis-
map. For those who doubt
sions,
although they cer-
the potential threat, be ad-
tainly fulfill such a function.
vised that it was just last
Rather, it is safe to as-
week that the two Air Force
sume that this sort of prob
F-15s from King Salmon in-
ing at the defense perimiter
tercepted and turned back
of the United States - and
two Soviet Bear-H bombers
Alaska - represents part of
which had flown to within
the day-to-day readiness ac-
190 miles of Adak.
tivities by Soviet forces.
And it was nothing spe-
And such flights provide
cial. Intercepts of the Bear-
continual proof that Amer-
H, a flying platform from
ica cannot lower its guard.
which to launch cruise mis-
The Russian bear is just
Siles, are not uncommon in
over the horizon.
the Aleutian area, Air Force
And in the sky, as well, on
• spokesmen say.
the Alaskan frontier.
So far this year, Air Force

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 551, "chars": 3395, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Flash seen in the sky
was Soviet rocket fuel
By David Shoup
a prominent scientist.
Times Writer
James Oberg, a flight control-
A month ago, dozens of North-
ler for Rockwell Shuttle Opera-
west Alaska
villagers reported
tions, on contract to the National
seeing a bright flash in the sky.
Aeronautics and Space Admin-
Some reported the flash as a
istration's Shuttle Program, said
UFO.
Saturday the flash seen from
It wasn't.
Elim,
Gambell,
Savoonga and
Instead,
what
the villagers
several other places in Alaska
saw was
the
dumping of fuel
was caused by
the
launch of
from the tanks of a new-genera-
Cosmos 1833. Oberg is a promi-
tion Soviet rocket launched from
Tyuratam,
the
Soviet
nent author of several books on
central
Soviet space technology.
Asian space center, according to
See Rocket, page A-5
ANCHORAGE TIMES - DATE
APR 19
Rocket: Alaska flash came from launch of Soviet spy satellite
Continued from page A-1
can't see traces of Soviet rocket
Cartier, who saw the glowing
launches because their trajecto-
ries take them. too far from the
Oberg said Alaskans typically can't see
cloud that night, had written to
"Skeptical Inquirer," a Buffalo,
"It (Cosmos 1833) was about
200 miles up
when
you (Alas
kans) saw it." he said in a tele-
phone interview from his home
near Houston.
The villagers reported sight-
ing some kind of space vehicle,
described by many as a UFO
vithin a glowing cloud.
"It was a
uel cloud, " saic
Oberg. Such clouds are created
when rocket fuel is purged from
tanks in flight.
Oberg said Alaskans typically
Alaska coast and too low in the
traces of Soviet rocket launches be-
sky to be
detected. But this
N.Y., quarterly that carries arti-
launch was different.
cause their trajectories take them too
cles on such things as UFO sight-
ings,
and the
For one thing,
he said, the
magazine editor
March 17 launch utilized the So-
far from the Alaska coast.
forwarded theretent echof
viet SL-16, a newly designed Rus-
On his
own time,
which is devoted to investigating
sian booster rocket which is very
large and has been used only a
Soviet space attempts,
Oberg
handful of times.
For another, Cosmos 1833 was
pushing a Soviet spy satellite into
higher-than-normal
orbit
about 600 miles up, he said. So
when the fuel
was jettisoned
from the rocket's tanks, a nor-
mal fire-prevention procedure, it
was at an altitude of about 200
miles, high enough in the sky to
be seen from Alaska.
"With this new kind of rocket
and
higher
altitudes,
you're
likely to see quite a few of these
in the future,
' he said.
Oberg first heard about the
mysterious flash in the sky in a
letter from Dave Cartier, a resi-
dent of Pilot Station,
Yukon
River village near St. Marys.
discovered Cosmos 1833 had been
launched from Tyuratam at pre-
cisely the right time to create the
brilliant flash.
nomenon, he said, ndang the
he said,
noting that
fuel clouds from Soviet rockets
are spotted several times a year
off South America. In fact, he
said, Australians have grown ac-
customed to seeing fuel clouds
from
have been
American rockets, which
passing
near
tralia's coastline since the 1960s.
Aus-
This
isn't the first
time
bright light in the northern sky
been attributed to Russian
rocketry. In October 1985, a So-
viet missile falling out of low
orbit created a bright white light
over
Southcentral Alaska
that
was widely described as a UFO
- until the U.S. Air Force identi-
fied it.
