{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-10-14 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286153","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117238","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2901,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/153/mufon-5286153.json","updb_database_id":5286153}
Extremely bright light through my window

To whom it may concern,
Thank you for taking the time to read this. 
I have tried to reach out to people in the know off and on over the years to no avail. Here is what happened to me in 1977. It was a Friday in mid October and I spent the afternoon after school skateboarding with friends and then went to my school where my parents were for our school’s Fall fundraiser. After this I went home. I went to bed around 11ish, all lights were off, I was in bed when an extremely bright light came through my window, my bed was under that window. I could not move, I could only look around and the light was only on my bed. 

The part of the house where my bedroom was backed up to a heavily wooded lot. My curtains were closed and it was not a helicopter, if it were my Dad would have gotten up (my parent’s bedroom was beside mine on the same side of the house) and the dog would’ve started barking. There was no sound at all. The dog was not barking. The angle of the light would have made it impossible to be someone with a flashlight or a Q-beam. The light lasted I’m guessing around 10-15 min’s. It took me awhile to move and look out the window and nothing was there.
The time of year again was mid October of 1977, the exact date I cannot tell you, I was 15 and now 59.
The location was Vero Beach, Florida and knowing more now this info may help; Vero Beach is 45 miles south of Cape Canaveral, 40 miles north of the St. Lucie Nuclear power plant. Years later I would learn the big building on A1A in Cocoa Beach is a strategic command at Patrick Air Force base that monitors nuclear activity around the world. 

Was this random? Or, a tie to these areas that I lived close to? How many UFO reports have there been over the years in that area? This has bugged me for years and still no conclusion or answers.
I was told by one person you had sleep paralysis. I was not asleep, I have never been one to drift off easily, even now. I have never used drugs, so that's out of the equation, did not drink check that one off too. 
The next day, I moved my bed against the wall away from that window. 
I would like to talk to someone regarding this and not be dismissed again. My email is [email and phone number removed]

Regards,
Jerry G. West
