{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-12 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456153","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105443","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3308,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/153/mufon-5456153.json","updb_database_id":5456153}
{jpg} Localized power outage, bright beam settled on house, high pitched buzzing.

I had just come home from a deployment with the National Guard, so this would’ve been mid-April 2017. It was around 3AM, I was sitting on my porch, smoking and watching stuff on YouTube because I had sleeping problems after the deployment. Not PTSD related, all to do with travel and readjusting to a day/night schedule here instead of falling asleep at 7AM. 

Anyways, my porch was about 10 meters from a 3 way intersection lit up by a street light and lots of porch lights, all within 10 meters of the intersection. All these lights were the orange looking ones. Suddenly, my phone shut down and all the lights surrounding the intersection went out simultaneously and the intersection was lit from above by a harsh white light. Along with the light was a high pitched buzzing sound that made my teeth hurt and left a metallic taste in my mouth, almost like licking a spoon. I couldn’t see the source of the light because my porch had low hanging awnings all around, and even though I had a pistol in my robe pocket (car break ins happened occasionally) I had no plans of stepping off the porch for a look. After what I believe was about ten seconds, the light moved over to a house next to the intersection and stayed there another ten seconds or so before switching off. A few seconds later the lights on porches and the streetlight came back on and I was able to restart my phone, which had to completely power back up. The metallic taste lingered until I went back in and drank some tea. I noted two things afterward. First, my pistol was equipped with tritium night sights made by Trijicon. I had checked to make sure they were glowing before I had went on the porch and “charged” them, and they were glowing very brightly. When I came back in, they weren’t glowing at all, when they absolutely should have been. I later tested the sights and their glow over similar timeframes and they consistently glowed for the duration. Second, while making tea, I noted I’d lost about 20 minutes, much longer than any recollection of the event, when I only was able to account for about 2 minutes.

The street layout can be seen with the attached drawing, with my house marked with the circle and the porch marked with a Star. The “target” house is marked with an X.

I also want to make it clear I did not see the light source itself, I marked several answers because it wouldn’t let me submit without them being marked. I only saw and experienced what I noted in the above paragraphs.
