{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-23 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516153","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41980","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6326,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/153/mufon-5516153.json","updb_database_id":5516153}
{dr}Shortly after wishing on a shooting star that I would see a UFO, I saw more than one

Around 9:45 PM, I said goodnight to my boyfriend and hung up the phone as I gazed up at the stars, lying in a hammock on my back deck. While we were on the phone I saw two shooting stars and made wishes on them. After I hung up I was finishing my cigarette, I saw another, and two seconds later I saw three consecutive ones, but those three were unlike any shooting star I had ever seen. They had a very short streak which curved sharply. On one of them I wished that I would see an UFO. At that point, I thought about how sharply I could see the stars, how they pulsate and change from blue to red. They all seemed to be randomly blinking at me. I was just examining the sky, appreciating it. A star to my right, towards the SW, caught my attention. It was so bright and pulsated gold and red like no star I had ever seen before. So I continued to observe it for the next few minutes, it was very peculiar. I couldnt believe my eyes when I began to notice the subtle movements it was making, hovering in small circular motions but not very noticeable unless you were paying attention, up and down left and right, clockwise and counterclockwise. I first thought I was the one moving, but I wasnt, this was abnormal. I was questioning if I was really seeing what I thought it was, trying to identify what cosmic body it could be, but there was no explanation for what I was seeing. After about fifteen to twenty minutes of observation, I got the attention of my eleven year old sister to come outside and confirm what I was seeing and make sure my eyes werent playing tricks on me. She also thought at first it was a star, but then upon further observation, came to a horrifying realization that it was something we had never seen before. Fearfully, she asked me if they were going to land and said she was scared. My mom came outside and we pointed it out to her and she said it was a plane, an actual plane approached on the horizon coming from the NW, at an estimated eighty degrees. My sister exclaims, "THATS a plane, mom!" as she points to it. My mom tells us to go to bed and goes inside. I call the Scituate Police Non-Emergency Line and ask if they know of any aircraft in the area and explain what Im seeing, as the station is within walking distance and would also be in view. The woman tells me they don't know of any aircraft, like she even asked... Me and my sister continued to watch it for at least fifteen to twenty minutes together after that, trying to find something to film it but nor my phone or my moms iPhone camera was good enough to see it. Eventually she went inside and went to bed after giving up trying to convince me to come inside. I continued to watch it for probably less than ten minutes, when all of a sudden it sped away without a sound to the east, behind the trees where I couldnt see and disappeared. Right then, 2 identical large planes or jets of some sort approached from the NE, in line, very close together, and proceeded to fly through the exact same spot I originally saw the object. I tried to locate it but it was gone. Maybe three minutes later an identical plane/jet to the previous two passed above me. There were a lot of planes throughout the whole sighting, one flying VERY close to the object. I continued to observe the sky, for around five or ten minutes when from the northern horizon a red and gold Saturn like object around the size of an aspirin less than a mile up flew overhead to the S and disappeared from view. There seemed to be an abnormal amount of planes flying about. I then noticed another, smaller star like object near where the first was originally, also moving even subtler, I approximate it was about a mile away. It was very difficult to write this all down, well remember well. I don't know if its from lack of sleep or shock or a combination of the two, but I know what I saw was real. I sat outside for a long time scanning the sky, smoked a joint and then another cigarette. My mom came back outside and I pointed the third object out to her, and she agreed that it was moving and insisted I go to bed. I prayed to God that if aliens did come, they wouldnt hurt anyone, and not to let them scare the @#$% out of me. Also, if they wanted to talk to me they could, just don't let them take me because I need to be with my family. I sat and looked and listened and heard random abnormal noises coming from the woodland, and my own and my neighbors yards. From behind a tall, thick row of shrub trees between my house and my neighbors front yard, the solar light stuck in the grass went dark. That struck some fear in me. A strange bug like sound, a clicking, from one single creature was moving radially around me from about ten to twelve feet away, from the backyard and then to the front, shortly after the light went dark. I had this feeling whatever was making the sound was intelligent and tried to interact with it, but with no correlating success. After about maybe seven minutes, the light came back on, which scared me me because I had moved around to make sure I hadnt just obstructed the view with the trees. This is all I can remember at this point. I got the feeling that I was in the presence of something though. Im just in shock. I went inside at about midnight, and have been writing this since, trying to explain and wondering if that really just happened. Also, if I didn't feel this was extremely important to write down while its fresh or wasnt absolutely sure these were real sightings or not, I wouldnt have stayed up until two thirty in the morning writing this when I have to wake up for work in four hours for a nine hour shift. Awesome.
