{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-03-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472153","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2912,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/153/mufon-5472153.json","updb_database_id":5472153}
{rjl} I can draw u a pic of the inside of ship & what alien looked like there not male or female there femenim or masculin I woke up ran into her running on the ship i she said oh u startled me in my mind. I turned ran more opened door wayne was on metal

I woke up as I was running on a ship it had like an indoor out door carpet like a plastic kinda but not plastic. The ship was dull metal color inside it with like beige light floor. had 2 hallways in circular patterns with entry ways to next hall no doors. Center circle had rooms facing out then hallway doors on both sides of circular hallway. Entry way next hall way had doors only out side of circular hallway. I was running to the right lights lined the top if the halls like one long light really bright inside the hallway suddenly ended and the was a odorless entry on my left I ran through it a femenim being was coming from my right I was going through entry way almost ran into it I'm 5'5 female it came only to my breast about 4 ft I herd her feminine voice in my head she said oh you startled me. I was in shock stood there for a few seconds turned around and ran towards my significant other. I could hear him calling me in my head. I ran to the left passed 2 doors and opened the third on my right. He was laying on a sheet of metal in the room were several beings. One walked towards me I blacked out. I could hear them talking about me before I blacked out wondering what was going on. I woke up in my bed at home next to my significant other. He was screaming in my head we were actually really freaked out and talking with telepathy. We couldn't move our bodies we were both paralysed and couldn't open our mouths or eyes. We were super scared. Then the phone next to the bed rang and instantly we snapped out of it both of us. He looked to see who called but the call log was empty. We got up and left our house and went to a motel that was made out of brick because for some reason I thought we'd be safer in a brick building. We were abducted more then once.I know the aliens are not male and females like us they are masculine and fenemine beings. The feminine being wasn't scared at all but I remember being scared if the masculine being that came to me and made me black out. You can call me even though I wish to remain anonymous in this post
