{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-05 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526153","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29553","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2371,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/153/mufon-5526153.json","updb_database_id":5526153}
oval object barely seen at night

I went to the IHOP restaurant at night. After drinking some soda I went outside for a cigarette. First I saw a ball of fire over a main street about 200 yards away hovering. Then I saw an oval object about 42' long about 100 feet away. Because it was dark out I could barely see it. It flashed 3 squares of white light on its left side every 7 seconds. I watched it for a while before opening the restaurant door calling my friend who worked there to see. My friend was with customers, and when I looked again for it it was gone. 2 nights later I found my head off my pillow with my eyes more than half way closed sometime during the night. I saw a beings head looking at me with a tight face. He had wrap around thin eyes that protruded from his face, almost like goggles. He had a lower lip (human looking)and a small nose. He had no hair. His face around his nose looked kind of concave or angled in. Within 7 to 10 seconds his head flew straight backward, and his head and right arm flew up disappearing 2 feet away. He appeared to be a specie of Grey I never saw before. I saw his right arm fly up, as he traveled backward 2 feet apparently disappearing into another dimension. I fell right back to sleep.

When I woke up in the morning I found 2 deep long scratch marks on my left thigh. Since then I was having psychological difficulties. But around day 4 after I got the feeling the being was and is my friend that the day after the night I seen him I was able to cope with things that were troubling me. Also, I feel he gave me confidence in dealing with my problems. No matter how much I rejected his influence he came across as my friend. Like 2 other encounter experiences I had the color black and shadows have an indescribable power.
