{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-08-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522153","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11328,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/153/mufon-5522153.json","updb_database_id":5522153}
5 Disc crafts played straight flight leap frog for 10 miles at high speed, observed for 10 seconds.

5 Disc crafts played straight flight leap frog for 10 miles at high speed, observed for 10 seconds.

This observation occured on Aug. 17th, 2005, at about 6:00 pm.
I was driving back home after shopping at the mall in Ontario, Ohio.
There were few clouds in the sky. The sun was shining brightly. Trafiic was light. I was taking the short cut betwwen Lex-Spring Mill Rd and St Rt 97, going south east.

I stopped at the stop sign and looked for traffic, before pulling out onto Rt 97 east.

Lexington, Ohio is a medium sized town. The area that I was in was urban, but I was right on the S-E edge of town. Just across the road from my car was a big field, which had corn in it.

As I looked left into the north-east bound traffic lane, I saw a single-file formation of crafts coming stright toward my stopped position.

When I first saw them, they were coming toward me from the North east. And if they did not change course, just before I saw them, the craft passed over the far western section of Mansfield. The Lexington area is slightly rolling and more hilly toward the N-E horizon direction.

From where I was stopped in my car, I could see N-E approx. 5 miles at the altitude of 1000 ft. Which is th ealtitude that I estimated the 5 crafts to be flying at. 

Where tI was setting, there were no obstructions to my N-E or in front of me either. As I said, grain field was directly across the street from my car.

Where I was stopped at this state route 97 intersection. I was just ready to pull out onto state route 97 east bound, from this side street.

To set the stage, to visualize this encounter, I will say that:
because there are no homes or businesses between my stopped position( in my car) and the N-E horizon, I could see clearly the approaching multiple craft formation very very clearly. I did not need to get out, nor was there time for that! 

With the afternoon summer sun shining directly on the X5 crafts' near sides.  I saw them very clearly!
The crafts formation was flying toward me very very low and very fast, traveling from a N-E in a S-W direction.

The summer sun was shining on my car's rear end, as I sat with my car pointed only slightly Southeast. 
And as I turned my head and looked N-E in an effort to look for on-coming traffic. There they were, right in my field of view.
No cars were behind me, at this side street stop sign, so I did not move my stopped car, until the formation was out of sight through my right side window. 

My first impulse was to follow the ships, but they were flying very fast and very low toward the S.W. 
That was exciting enough, but what the X5 crafts did, while they were flying toward and past me (from N-E) and also away from me (S-W), 
literally blew me away:
Try to visualize X5 each round gray metallic 200 ft OD sized disc-shaped craft flying very fast and very low. The craft were aprprox. 1/2 mile away horizontally, as they passed in front of my car at approx. 1000 ft altitude. 

All the time as the ships were flying forward they were also playing "leap frog" as they passed over S-E Lexington, Ohio. 
It was almost funny, maybe it was meant to be for our amusement?

The X5 craft were playing this leap frog (game), when I saw them approaching my position and they continued to leap frog, until I saw them fly out of sight 10 seconds later. The X5 craft crossed my field of vision in approx. in 10 seconds. You can do your own math on that, if you like. I estimated their speed to be at approx. 350 mph.

To explain the leap frog maneuvers, visualize X5 F15 jet air craft flying at 350 mph, all five in a single-file line -- following each other. 
Except when they leap froged each other... each one moving in turn at (what appeared to be right angles in and out of this straight line formation) - they seemed to know when it was their turn, some times a craft would leap frog over (vertically) other craft, then other craft would leap frog around (horizontally) other craft. It looked like robotic movements and must have been computer controlled.

Note: (these ships were in no way (I repeat no way) our jet craft). 
Note: We can/could not build anything with that precision, not even at Area 51 or at the Skunk Works.

Think about the Navy blue angels trick-flying team and multiple their skill level by a factor of X1000. That's how fantastic these (pilots) were. 
But they must have been young, as old people don't need to take such risks!
At any given time, as the ships approached my position and passed me by, there were no less than X1 craft simultaneously leap froging the other crafts. And some times X2 craft were leap froging the others simultaneously, not one at a time like the Navy does it. 

In after thought, it seems like they were thumbing their noses at us!!! They obviously did not care that they were being seen by humans. It remained me of a air show, only much more dangerous.

Note: to reach Lexington from that N-E angle, the crafts had to fly right over eastern Ontario, which is just west of Mansfield, Ohio.

I wanted to follow the crafts in the worst way, but there was no time to get all that done and there are no fast roads that would take me S-W, from where I was stopped. I was headed the wrong direction to follow them, and I was also on the wrong side of the river -- to back track to a road that went south. It would have taken me too much time.

As I said, I was setting at a stop sign, ready to pull out onto state route 97 and drive the 15 minutes home.

If the ships would have been very high in the sky, I could have watched them for a much longer time.
My car was setting on a level spot at this stop sign, and when the crafts flew over head, I could see them clearly in the middle of my left side window and then in my wind shield, and finally in my right side window. The crafts were no more than 1/2 mile (horizontally) away from me, when they passed over head/ in front of my car, at the altitude of approx. 1000 ft.

Note: 
In Mansfield, at the Air national Guard, we currently have C130s stationed there still. 
These big planes (during shake down check out maneuvers) fly at about the same altitude, when they make their wide turns over my house, to fly back to Mansfield, Ohio. 
These X5 UFO round metallic crafts were all identical to my eyes, and at that altitude the crafts must have been about 200 ft in OD. The leap frog maneuvers could have been a similar shake-down flight type of process?

The X5 crafts were flying very close to each other, and in line with each other, with no more than 200 feet max. between the X5 craft.
Each crafts leap frog maneuver (for each craft) took about 1 second max. from start to finish, so I was able to see them do their individual leap froging several times each. 
It was so fascinating to watch! It's hard to describe it.

In the 10 seconds that I watched and saw them, at 350 mph approx., the X5 craft had time to make several leap frog passes each.
I have found only one other reference to UFOs utilizing this flying leap frog maneuver. So I thought it good to share it with others.  

Every new item helps to solidify a picture of these amazing craft.
The night time photos and night time sightings are okay, but they can in many cases be explained away, and they are for the most part! But day time sightings of quality are more rare. 

If you numbered these X5 crafts 1 through 5 sequentially, I would say that craft #1 leap froged vertically over craft #3, while almost simultaneously craft #2 leap froged around craft #4 horizontally. 
And then Craft # 4 leap froged over craft #5 vertically, and so on as they flew across. It looked just like a kid's game to me!! That was definitely not something the blue angels would have tried in their wildest dreams.
And so this leap frog maneuvering continued like that for the full 10 seconds, that I watched them. And because they were flying right toward me from teh N-E, I could see their leap froging clearly. But it was more impressive to watch it as they passed in front of me. 

I did not see any cars around me during those 10 seconds.

Now to the part that drives men to watch for these elusive craft - their special XXX shape: 
Don't laugh, the X5 crafts were round in the horizontal plane, being X8 wider in circumference at the very middle area, where there was a wide convex ring. Above and below this middle area, the ships had elongated dooms on the top and bottom sections. The ships were of a silver metallic 
color, without lights. The exact shape of the X5 craft were very clearly evident.

That's as good as I wish to do, without drafting you a literal drawing - which I can do, having had two quarters of drafting in College.

These X5 craft made no sounds, they had no visual appearance of a jet propulsion system. Nor did they show the (jet wing-tip) vapor trails that the F15, etc., jets show flying low, in heavy damp air. 

I would not call them UFOs, because I could and have identify them pretty well, they were not UFOs, nor were they un-identifiable!!!l They were way to close to be UFOs!!!

I saw them very clearly with the sun behind me, with the sun shinning directly on all X5 crafts, but not so harshly that their shape was blurred.
And they passed right in front of me.

Note:
I love air shows.
I have been to many air shows and I love to watch the B17(s), B29(s), B52 (s), F14 tomcats, the F15(s) and F16(s), etc. The newer jets do their air show fly bys... right on the deck, as they say. 
These air show US military jets seem to come out of no where, because they are so low to the ground vertically and also so close to you horizontally, and they seem to appear in your vision and in a flash they are gone again. 

These X5 round crafts were not that close to me, (as in an air show close up jet fly by), so I had much more time to watch them, but still 10 seconds is not a long time either. 

I estimated the X5 crafts to be flying low, so that I was looking up at a 25 degree angle to my forward horizontal direction, when they were directly in front of me. And each one was the size of my closed man-sized fist - held at 3 ft from my eyes. If that helps to fix their size?

The Mansfield air port is on the N-E side of Mansfield, which is not so close, and there are no power plants nearby. Many sightings appear to be
some type of search pattern. So what are they looking for, rare mineral deposits? 

I am still an excited witness 6 yrs later. I am a highly trained and educated man with an engineering degree and 40 yrs in Engrg.

End of report. 12-09-2011
