{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-03-11 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284747","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118667","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3170,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/747/mufon-5284747.json","updb_database_id":5284747}
Silver blotches and dark in a square shape, red light in center

Dark but clear and many stars visible. I was feeling as if I was about to have a common cold or something, a little run down but worked around the old ranch all day but mind was clear. I lay down after dark for a nap and later got up to retrieve something from the pickup truck. I got into the cab and shut the door when I saw directly in front of my truck at a distance (not far nor up close) what appeared to be something shining in sky not far above eastern horizon. Best I can say was it was like shreds of aluminum foil attached to something and fluttering and each individual shred reflecting low light randomly as though in a breeze and a small not too bright red light in the center. [exact location details have been moved to Investigators report section/CMS/LLL] I have only seen at night there were mostly AH64s and occasionally a Chinook. I neither saw not heard any maneuvers by Army personnel that day or at that moment. Common to see taillights, headlights and hear weapons firing if troops are training. None of that was present.
Suddenly several more of these appeared in no particular formation just hovering. The in a blink one took off at amazing speed leaving an orange color straight line in its path then it stopped abruptly and seemed the orange dripped which I can only describe as something akin to molten metal at the stopping point and a few randomly along that orange line but the line itself stayed clear and still straight. the others would do the same seemingly at random directions all of which left the same orange trail. It was not military I am certain nor kites and not even appearing to be aerodynamic. I had camera gear in the back but was too tired to climb in the back and retrieve the two cameras thinking it was better just to watch. I cannot recall how they went out of my sight or how long i watched but guess it was less than 30 minutes. I never looked for what dripped as there is a small portion of private property and the rest is government military. I[exact location details have been moved to Investigators report section/CMS/LLL]
Military maneuvers when they fire weapons is not within view at anytime but about 3 miles at least to the east but easily heard for 30 miles as the terrain is flat on that side of the highway and then foothills of Rockie Mtns on the west side which elevations rise in a short distance. Though close to NORAD's mountain location terrain where I was is high desert prairie, pinon and juniper country it is called by wildlife officers.
