{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-05 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290747","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112592","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/747/mufon-5290747.json","updb_database_id":5290747}
Large, bright sphere burned through the atmosphere and then hovered.

My wife and I live in the western end of the Salt Lake Valley. At about 7:25am, we were standing on our back deck, just talking. We both suddenly noticed a bright, yellow/orange sphere that was flying high above our heads. It was entering the atmosphere because we could see a “fire tail” coming off the back of it. It traveled from west to east. We assumed it was a meteor or satellite, but it’s velocity was much slower than your normal meteor. It suddenly stopped over the Salt Lake Valley, it had lost its meteor like tail and settled at about the altitude of a jet airliner. It just hovered there for approximately 60 seconds. Then it made a lateral move to the left very slowly. It stopped again and hovered for approximately 30 seconds. It then slowly ascended upward about the same distance as the lateral maneuver and then stopped again for approximately 60 seconds. It then began to move in an eastern direction over the Wasatch Mountains at a “cruising” speed. Because of the size and brightness of the object, we were able to watch it for approximately 60 seconds as it flew over the mountains directly away from us. It got smaller and smaller as the distance widened until it wasn’t visible anymore. The sunrise broke over the mountains just as it got out of sight at around 7:37 am. I really wish I would have pulled out my phone and recorded it, but my wife and I were in total shock when I stopped and started maneuvering around. I have never seen anything move like this in the sky before. This object never pulsated or changed color, it made no sound. But it was bright. I really hope someone else witnessed this. It was extremely hard to miss in the sky because of its size and brightness.
