{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-05 19:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479747","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3652,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/747/mufon-5479747.json","updb_database_id":5479747}
{nd} Sighting of between 18-25 golden-amber, glowing, orbs all moving together in formation coming over SW horizon toward NW before all

On November 5, 2016 at 7:52 PM my wife called me from the road as she was coming home from our daughter and son-in-law's house. She had just turned South on 35th Avenue off of Pinnacle Peak Road. She told me to go outside and look to the Southern sky. I ran outside and what I saw literally took my breath away - there was a fleet, that's the only way we can describe it, of between 18-25 golden glowing orbs spreading across the sky, all moving in formation without making any noise at all. They were in sight for about 10 minutes, or so. My wife could tell how shocked I was, and told me she would soon be home. She had the best view of this sighting as she drove over Adobe Dam on her way home. She had an elevated view as she crested the Dam. After hanging up the phone I ran around to the other side of the house, and started taking pictures. I realize now that I should have been taking a video, rather than taking still pictures, but I was so shocked that I could barely think. We watched as the objects moved and they sort of vibrated, and were primarily a beautiful Amber color, that once and a while would very faintly flash blue, red, and white. They all had an aura surrounding them that made them appear larger than they probably were. They moved from Southwest to Northeast, and as I was watching the last few that we could see - my wife had run inside and got a pair of binoculars- I saw them blinking out,disappearing as they got farther away. I saw the last one blink golden, white, golden, white and then they were all gone. 
In our neighborhood there were several parties going on, and we could here people talking loudly. The most commotion was at a party occurring at the Eagles Club just South of our house on Rose Garden. My wife and I were completely astonished and left in amazement. We were mostly not scared at all, but intimidated by the shear numbers of the crafts.
