{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-31 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282747","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120701","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3392,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/747/mufon-5282747.json","updb_database_id":5282747}
Boomerang Reflective/transparent with 3 dim lights in a chevron pattern closet to center mass of object.

October 31,2021 
7:40-7:45 pm
Halloween evening observing trick or treating . This year we decided to not decorate due to the labor involved in setting up. The wife and I turned off all outdoor lighting and sat behind our pickup trucks close to the garage door as to not attract anyone onto the property. The evening was uneventful so I told my wife that there was a star off to the east called the demon star (Algol) . I grabbed my laser pointer to show her where it was in the night sky. Just off to the east horizon approximately 20 to 30 degrees in the eastern sky. After viewing for a few seconds we went back to observing the trick or treating across the street. Our neighbor had come out as well around 7:30 pm to chat, then went back inside his house. Around 7:40-7:45 Thinking my neighbor was outside I looked over in the direction to his house which in north of us. Noticing that he wasn't outside I looked back up to the northeast sky and noticed what looked like an outline of a large owl coming in our direction. As it flew closer, what seemed out of the ordinary were 3 dimly lit orbs where the breast of the owl would have been. As soon as it approached overhead, I knew it wasn't what I thought I was viewing. As shown in the dramatization video, I could make out the shape of what I told my wife, (Bat Man's battarang) without the point on the tail. 3 dimly lit orbs centered in a chevron paper, and what appeared to be a piece of glass reflecting either light from the ground, or the stars shining through the object. Immediately following the sighting, I began to feel nauseous, and light headed. I fell ill for maybe 20 to 30 minutes which was witnessed by my wife. I was the only person who observed this Flyover. I am wondering if pointing the Lazer in the eastern sky had triggered this. After falling I'll I regretted possibly stirring up any encounter. As spectacular as sightings may be, I did not enjoy what I had witnessed. I was reluctant to report, as my wife and I had reported a separate incident prior to this. I didn't want to seem like an idiot, or wanting the attention from others who may be skeptical. There are things that I can't explain that I and others have witnessed in the skies over Jarrell, TX. I don't know if it's just by coincidence, but I've also witnessed one incident in Utah over the Dugway providing grounds in 1996. I provided a visual dramatization to explain what I've witnessed as it is the best way for me to help others understand.
