{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-24 17:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547747","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14656","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5472,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/747/mufon-5547747.json","updb_database_id":5547747}
UFO hovering in daytime.

Monday March 24, 2008 at approx. 5:10PM I was driving home from work. I was working on Fort Rucker, AL and living in the country near the town of Ozark. I was driving through a school zone so I was going about 20 or 25 miles per hour. Suddenly I noticed something very unsually in the sky just above the trees, which were on a hill directly in front of me. At first I thought to my self, I never seen a big blimp or ballon around here before, but as I got closer I realized it didn't look like any blimp I had ever seen. The street is straight so I continued to drive towards the object in the sky. There was no other traffic so I slowed down even more. The sun was shinning on the object from behind me and there were no clouds in the sky. I could see the blue sky all around the object with no sign of anything going down to the ground. I guess it should be called dics shaped, but I prefer to let a drawing of it speak for it's self. It was a solid light gray or sliver with some of the area on the left side appearing almost white. It appeared to be a design kind of like we see on US Army uniforms or maybe it was some kind of symbles, but only on the left side. The bottom was flat, the left and right sides were rounded, and the center was higher than the sides. It was as large as about 2 or 3 average houses in this area. I didn't see any windows or lights on it. My car windows were up and the radio was on so I couldn't here it even if it was making a sound. It was hovering in one place with no movement visible.

As I was getting nearer to the object there was a lady walking on the left side of the street going in the same direction as me, I looked at her to see if she seen the object. She was looking down at the ground as she walked so I doubt she seen it. 

At the end of the street was a stop sign and then the next street would continue in the same general direction but it would be going down and up rather steep hills and curve left and right. While I still had the object in sight I had to make a decision. Should I pull over and stop by the side of the street and wait to see what the object would do or should I try to get a closer look? The lady was behind me and had already made a left turn on another street so I didn't have time to ask for her help. I choose to get a closer look. I drove forward and when I went down the first hill the object went out of my view because trees raised up in front of it. As I came up the next hill I kept looking left and right but I never seen the object again. I kept looking the rest of the way home incase I misjudged it's distance from me and incase it moved. 

When I got home I told my wife what I seen and then we drove back to the street where I seen it but it was gone. I few days later I took my digital camera with me to work and on my way home stopped a few places on the street to make pictures of the area the object was hovering above. After enlarging the pictures on my computer I believe I know which trees, building and tall power pole it was hovering above. Next my wife and I drove on all the side streets looking for the building and pole. We believe we finally found the area on a dirt road with no name that leads to a Power Sub-station. I believe the UFO was hovering directly above the sub-station. We drove to the sub-station and then turned around. Right next to the sub-station is a mobile home with people living in it. It would have been under the UFO also. I believe the sub-station is only about 1/4 mile from where I could see the UFO, so it was even closer than that since the street went down and then up a hill. As we drove past the trailer a man came out on the front porch staring at us, but I was afraid to stop because we were probably trespassing on his land and how do you start a conversation with a total stranger about a UFO above his house? The dirt road is a dead end with only one trailer on it and the sub-station. I often wonder if the people living there seen or heard anything.

I have lived and worked in this area since 1989 and I have never seen anything that looked like that object in the air or on the ground. Some people are probably wondering did I really see it or was I mistaken. Well, that would be like asking someone, can you really see that house or can you really see that building in broad daylight with the sun shinning on it. Yes, I really seen it. I know UFOs exist, but I don't know what they are, where they come from, or what they are doing here.

Attached is a picture of the area I seen the UFO. The UFO was slightly above the trees with the sky visible under it. It was so wide that the trees on the left side and right side of the street almost blocked some of my view and I guess it was about 2 stories high.
