{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-31 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521747","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34475","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2221,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/747/mufon-5521747.json","updb_database_id":5521747}
Very bright slightly pulsating orb. Color was orange with a bit of yellow and red.

I was riding on a golf cart in a retirement community to a New Year1s Eve party destination. I noticed while riding about 8 miles an hour what looked like a star. It was very bright and most of the time orange. I tried to squint my eyes to get a better view of beyond the brightness to see details but it was too far and too bright to see anything. I made sure that other people I was with noticed this same object. About 6 others saw the object and we all agreed that it was no plane as it moved slowly from east to west. There was a small plane well below it to the north of it and in comparison of the plane and the orb; the orb was extremely brighter than the plane. It was about 9:05pm when this took place. What really struck everyone was the about 3 seconds it seem to just fade into the black of the sky and it was just gone. One of the other people said they saw it speed away fast. I did not see it speed away. It just seemed like it dimmed the lights for a stealth mode. There was no sound from the object. The sky was very clear. I did not have a phone on me and unfortunately while it sounds sad a lot of the other folks had phones but no one took a picture or video of it.  It was fairly large and it was quite far away, brightly orange glow and some fluctuations in slight color, and finally it faded into the night sky. I was just glad that I was not the only one who saw what I saw. Hopefully someone in the same area saw the same thing and took pictures and will post. This information can be connected to that as proof.
