{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-28 17:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285747","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3253,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/747/mufon-5285747.json","updb_database_id":5285747}
witnessed flashes of light in the distance observed what appeared to be three orbs white to translucent

On August 28,2021 at approx. 17:15 I witnessed a flash of light above the NW horizon. I continued to look northwest where I saw the flash then witnessed another flash followed by a third flash. I then noticed the faint but distinctive orbs (3) hovering an altitude of an estimated 1,500 to 2,000 ft. The sky had some cloud cover due to scattered showers but was breaking up and blue sky was visible in the area of the orbs. the orbs hovered in separate areas well below the clouds until the orb hovering at the highest altitude ascended quickly into the clouds then returned to it's position. The other two orbs joined the first one and their light became brighter, very noticeable. the "light" then departed rapidly into the clouds in a eastern path. There were breaks in the clouds so I estimated where the light would emerge but it apparently turned, stopped and turned around I'm not sure but the light exited the cloud on the same path it entered. The light continued on a westward direction until it disappeared.. I continued to watch the sky for approx. four or five minutes then the light returned on what appeared to be the same path it exited on. The light split into three orbs again making them lose their brightness. They hovered for a few seconds then rejoined and again had a very noticeable light. The light seemed to be playing in the clouds darting in and out at a high rate of speed. This continued until the light disappeared into the clouds headed in a northeastern direction. At this point I went in my house and grabbed my camera.(simple cannon rebel with factory zoom lens). When I returned to my backyard I sat and focused on the edges of distant clouds as quick reference points. As I was searching the sky in the northwest sector I saw a light on a steep, rapid descent coming out of the northeastern direction. I immediately raised my camera and snapped a still photo of an object just before it went behind a cloud where it disappeared from my sight. I ended my sky watch at approx. 17:50. I took the sd card to my laptop and zoomed in on the object. I am truly amazed I witnessed this phenomonon and do not fully understand what I saw. I have a still photo of what appears to be two orbs that are violet in color with turquois colored circles around the orbs the two orbs appear to be touching and a very faint looking orb is trailing the two as if it was in pursuit. Honestly I'm not sure what this is. I would really like some expert opinions on this matter.
Please use my contact information to contact me. END.
J.R. Skywatcher.
