{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-10-01 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288025","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2371,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/025/mufon-5288025.json","updb_database_id":5288025}
Aerial object followed our vehicle three different days, including hovering when we were stopped. Two+ different cars/drivers. At least 4 witnesses.

When I was 15 (I am now 45) my friend's mom picked us up from a local mall, after a day shopping. At some point in the thirty-minute drive, I noticed a star-like light (similar to a satellite but below the clouds) following our car. My two friends saw the object also. I remember the same thing happening a day later, where the light again followed us to a friend's home. This time there was at least one other friend in the car who saw the light. At that point, I went inside the house. I do not recall the duration of time I was inside. I do know it was long enough for me to call my mom and tell her to pick me up at this friend's. Her drive was at least 15 minutes. I got in the car when she arrived and saw the same light hovering over my friend's house. I told my mom that the object had followed us earlier. Sure enough, as my mom backed out of the driveway, the light began following our every movement. It followed our vehicle at about a 45-degree angle - all the way to our home (again about a 15-minute drive - in many directions and elevations). Once we got home we ran into the house (at this point we were both scared). I recall running upstairs and getting on the floor alongside my mother as we slowly peeked out the window of my bedroom. The object was hovering outside my window (what seemed to less than 500 feet away). This hovering lasted for what might have been ten minutes. My mom recalls getting up to retrieve her camera, and as if the object read her mind, it instantly shot out into space away from our house. There were at least three instances I personally saw the light. All during daylight hours.
