{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-21 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504025","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54882","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/025/mufon-5504025.json","updb_database_id":5504025}
Facing S at Verigin's Tomb on Terrace Road, Castlegar, Canada. While stargazing saw what appeared to be a white blinking star SE, as soon as it's location was pinpointed, two dull glowing orange spheres decloaked SSE and went past us headin NE.

Me and my boyfriend were facing South at Verigin's Tomb on Terrace Road, Castlegar, Canada. The two dull glowing sphere's appearance occurred around 10:15pm to 10:27pm. The blinking star was happening at least thirty minutes before the orange sphere's made their appearance, took me quite a while to pinpoin blinking's exact location because the pauses were about 20 seconds long.

While we were stargazing, we both saw what appeared to be a white blinking star in the sky South East, It was peculiar because it was flashing like a beacon, with long pauses between each flash, and it was remaining stationary in comparison to the earth rotation, as you know the stars appear to move slowly from West to East, but this 'beacon' was just staying still.

As soon as I was able to pinpoint it's exact location in the sky, thirty minutes later, two dull glowing orange ovals decloaked out of complete no where, horizontally parallel from one another seemingly attached to one another by a grey line, it appeared at around South South East from the lookout, and went past us heading North East along the Kootenay River, it appeared to fly over the Brilliant Dam along its path and then it zipped silently around behind Mt.Sentinel.

The two orange spheres seemed to be attached by a white line, as they came toward us, one dull orange ovals rotated under the other all the while still seemingly attached by a grey line, as it dipped into the valley over the river. It then quickly ascended as the other orange oval rotated under the other just before passing over the dam. Once over the dam the two dull glowling orange ovals now horizontally from eachother zipped straight with no special maneauvers along the river and behind Mt.Sentinel out of sight.

I was immediately filled with a paranoid sensation, a feeling that I needed to get to a more populated area right away, So I got my boyfriend to drive us to Seven Eleven at this time. After we got there we gathered our wits and then headed to the Complex's feild to see if we could spot the blinking light in the sky, but it wasnt there anymore. Couldnt fall asleep that night untill 2:30 am I was too spooked.
