{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-16 16:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473025","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/025/mufon-5473025.json","updb_database_id":5473025}
{rjl} I saw an object fly from the south towards the sun in the distance. I began to film and saw it appear, ascend, descend, then head north.

I recently saw a UFO near my house several months ago. Since then, I keep my eyes in the sky...especially like days today. It was perfectly clear and you could see airplanes from hundreds of miles away. Not a cloud in the sky. I took a stroll to the backyard to see what work needed to be done. I looked into the south skies. While doing so, I took notice to a bright metallic object in the southern skies. It stood out becuase it far brighter and lacked the "trail" all the other planes were leaving in the sky. It didn't look like it was moving at all initially. Shortly after, it sped up acsending and descending throughout it's flight path. Over the course of about 7 seconds it moved all the way from the southern sky to a position between me and sun, where it seemed to disappear. I couldn't really see at this point due to the brightness of the sun, so I just started filming and covered my eyes with my other arm. I could faintly see it appear just above the horizon where it asends a short distance then descends below the horizon(Right before I say "UFO" in the video). I kept the filming rolling another 10 seconds or so for the heck of it. After reviewing the footage a bright light was present (which was not there after revewing the footage, 20 or 30 secs went by). I assume this is an effect of filming the sun? In addition, the video has some objects flying by. Not sure what to think of this either, it wasn't really windy at all? Maybe a 3-4 mph wind speed? I was hoping to have someone who knows a thing or two about video software to analyze it to get a better picture. Hoping maybe someone else saw this or coulud derive an explanation from the video. Please email me regarding investigation. Hope this helps. 

Thanks
