{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-04-05 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491025","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/025/mufon-5491025.json","updb_database_id":5491025}
{rjl} I have wrote before explaining this

I have already sent much of what happened. A few things I feel necessary to say I'm going to write. My hand day after it happened re turned black at fingertips. I went to ER, they did many hours of surgery but couldn't resolve blood flow and lost parts of my right hand and have had 5 surgeries. My hand is still very deformed,I was then diagnosed with a very rare form of lupus it took over 6 months to come up with a diagnosis. I grew up on a farm,we had beefcake. I saw something on tv about cattle mutations,we had several my grandfather was actually scared. My grandpa was in the war shooting till his ears bled, he saw 2 of his brothers die,he was a very difficult man and had never seen him scared,he made me run into the house,which the Amish own now,my grandparents are gone and I was young, 7 or 8.
Anyway I'm writing because when I had this connection with this light,I saw the cows and saw they were using organs to finish development of very small fetuses.
Also there are enormous underground cities. There are human and alien species preparing these cities. It's not just tunnels where people can survive a month,they are large cities,with flat small dwellings. Hundreds of thousands of dwellings for humans to live,as well as certain aliens. There are groceries produced,travel from place to place by magnetic subways,theaters,zoos,sewage,it is a place planned for dwelling for over 20 years. They are preparing for the planet above ground to be uninhabitable. It's soon,but I won't be there,my youngest son will. There will be people that do all jobs from entertaining to scientists. They are going to take the best people able to contribute. Many people that are scientology people are aware of much of this there are many masons aware and many FDL or whatever they are aware. The people of government ,most rant aware and most won't go. They are able to do this with alien technology working underground with humans,deep. They are all over and in U.S. they are everywhere but where there are 4 places the U.S. will move underground. These places are all connected and they have different companies doing different things so no one is aware of the whole. They have air they make,water they make,much is stored,they have waste places,but mostly everything is biodegradable,and reusable. Everything has a purpose. This is when people will join a couple races of aliens. When it's time to emerge,people's DNA will be changed ,there will be no disease,animals will be reproduced,whatever caused the earth to be uninhabitable will be gone. Earth will be one at peace without disease over 1000 years. The people going there won't know until they are taken there and everyone has a purpose.
I am anonymous in the beginning for fear of being deemed crazy,I am now anonymous for fear of being followed and harm coming to me. I suffered a great deal of physical damage learning all the information I did,the only reason I can think I got this information is because I was to see my youngest son there,and make sure he learns what he needs to,but he is going to be very useful. He's a very different child,very smart but introverted to an extreme. Also they have many crafts but they travel using some sort of magnetism and electricity already in space from planets running into each other and dying. Old monoliths were put there so they would be aware of how,when,and where to travel based on when the stars going to die and they need that energy and passage. I learned nothing growing up about these things,but experiences I've had helped me understand what I was being told. I apologize I can't be open publicly with this information,but it is impossible for many reasons. I'm not sure if I'm supposed to be saying this at all,but the need is to great not to. There is so much more,and so much people don't know,I'm sure there's much I don't know. The times I reported are not right but the time recollection is gone. I can only go by my first operation on my hand that was under the light. There is no need to contact me,I'm currently going through very difficult times. My husband was a police detective for 25 years. The highest decorated in our county. But he woke up without his memory and doctors don't know why. He couldn't remember a refrigerator or even his sister's. He lost his job and since it isn't a work related incident,he's making no money,I make $700 a month from veteran disability. We have had utilities shut off,no way to pay bills and don't know how to care for my son and husband of 23 years. So right now, that obviously is consuming all my time. Our house was foreclosed and I'm not allowed to work. I must use all my energy trying to get through this. Two years ago we made $70,000 a year and had everything we needed.
I hope this information helps someone,somehow.
Thank you for your time.
