{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549025","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2373,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/025/mufon-5549025.json","updb_database_id":5549025}
jaw dropping aerial acrobatics. no doubt e.t.

ive had a dozen sightings of these "lights", star like. the two most interesting happened in '97 and '01. the first occurred while i was sitting on my front porch having a cigarette. as i was stargazing at a patch of sky to the north, the 5-7 stars i was looking at began to slowly form the shape of a circle, then began rotating clockwise, like a wheel or a childs pin wheel in the wind. after about 5 seconds they dispersed and the lights slowly faded away. i was aw struck 

the second also happened in northern california. i was about four hours away from point reys on foot hiking tword the ocean. once i got to the coast it was dark. while i was standing on the beach and looking out over the water. a light appeared at close range but never emerged from the fog. as i was standing there i was once again aw struck by the light. i entered a kind of half awake half dream state and a mental image of the crafts interior appeared in front of my eyes. i saw two human figures inside standing up observing me as i was looking back at them, the air inside was super clean, like something in a laboratory clean room. the image in my head was crisp,clear and in black and white. and the only way i can clearify this experience to you is something a kin to what happens to a person after they set down a book theyve been reading for several hours, thier I.Q. and eye sight are raised to crisper and clearer levels. after about 5 seconds of this the light slowly faded away as it always does.

ive mostly kept this to myself until now, i don't know why im coming out with this. im afraid people will think im nuts. but after seeing other people do it on the history channel i figured what the hell, what harm can it do. 

thank you,
