{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-05 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453025","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3444,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/025/mufon-5453025.json","updb_database_id":5453025}
Starlink or not?

Tonigh I Observed one light above a 45 degree inclination, staring from the northwest and ending at a higher inclination while still moving in same direction. Noticed once almost directly above head, roughly at a 90 degree inclination, the light began to dim out and vanish and I immediately noticed another coming from the same direction as the first came. The second was the same brightness, and moving at same speed it seemed, it was just moved over to the northwest more it seemed in relation to stars in sky. This light also dimmed out as its inclination got close to 90 degrees. I could not track these lights once they dimmed out, thinking if these were Starlink I would still be able to see them falling back down in inclination to the southeast. I never saw them again in sky after they dimmed out before almost above my head. I look back an see a third light following the path of second, same brightness an speed as the two before. This also dims out where the last two did, and also never seen going down the horizon. Then a forth, but from the path of the first more to true north. After this I call my Dad outside to take a quick look, I catch one that he didnt see, it dims out almost above our heads. I spot another rising, I line up my arm to his shoulder he spots it an sees it too. He also noticed how it dims out and doesnt see it going down horizon. I spot another, we line up an he sees this one also. We say Starlink? He goes to get his glasses an turns off the outside light. I see two more by this time, one dims out as he comes back, we looked lights off with eyes peeled to the sky and nothing. We go back inside saying could be satellites, but then we both are convinced its possibly something else. I go to immediately to try to debunk it being UFOs checking Satflare and findstarlink. To my surprise there was a low visibility fly over of one the main trains, there is just a few problems. The inclination of possible visibilty from my location of Houston, TX 77061, which was very low from 10 to 20 degrees. The inclination of lights me and my Dad both saw were much higher. The starlink has been seen all around the world by now and is confirmed that it's very bright in the night sky. These lights were hard to see through Houston city lights, and near by airport, I could bearly see them as well as my Dad. It's been known that the trains seperation or spacing is very close, and its been recorded how close they follow each other. The lights we saw had a very slow duration of the next in line, the spacing was great and not tightly packed together. Being that Starlink is bright an has been seen entering and leaving the horizon through bright city lights, my Dad and I tend to think since the lights we saw never left the horizon the possibility of it being Starlink is very low. Thank you for your time.
