{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-11 13:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502025","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56997","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3771,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/025/mufon-5502025.json","updb_database_id":5502025}
White Circle high in the sky NEE direction from my back deck in Calgary Alberta Canada.

I decided to take my camera out onto the back deck and take pictures of the sky hoping I would pick something up that would be invisible to my eye but possibly show up on camera.
I set my camera to continuous shoot and just held it on my lap facing up to the sky. I then held down the button and it took a picture every second.
I came in and put the memory card into my computer and went through each pic. I noticed a white circle on one and checked to see if it was on the picture before and the picture after and it wasn't.
I had sat very still and held the camera as it clicked away continuously. It had to be something in the sky that was picked up in that split second as it wasn't anything I could see with my own eye. Obviously it was moving at a rate of speed that only a camera would pick up.
I am attaching 3 pictures that were taken in approximately 2 seconds. The one before the white circle, the one with the white circle and the one that came after the white circle.
I will also add 3 that are cropped to the show the area and 3 with circles around the area the dot was and one that is closely cropped.
For it to move that distance in 1 second it must have been going at great speeds. I have no idea how to calculate this but I will try.
About 10 minutes earlier I watched a plane go by and I'm guessing it was going 500 mph. It took quite a while for it to cover the area across my photo. About 20 seconds is my guess, which would mean to cover that area in 1 second it would have to travel at a minimum speed of 10,000 mph. If it covered the expanse in 1/2 a second, well obviously that would be 20,000 mph.
All I know is my camera showed it there one second and not the next.
My feelings about this? Excited.
The last time I saw anything was in the late 70's and it was a distant bright circle that moved at great speeds and would stop on a dime and and then move a different direction. I watched it for a few minutes before it disappeared. It was quite amazing! This current one, I didn't actually see with my own eyes, but it did show up on my camera.
