{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-07 23:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293025","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110291","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4146,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/025/mufon-5293025.json","updb_database_id":5293025}
Very Special Area in Riviera Beach, FL.

I am a nature lover, I love going to the beach at night and just recenter myself for an hour or so and I head home feeling brand new. Until one day I was sitting in my normal spot. It's kind of hard getting there because there's no public parking so you have to walk a for a bit to get to the breach. The beach has a lot of bushes and trees... and it's pretty dark as well, so I'm just making sure there's no homeless people sleeping or hiding in the trees, after I felt I was alone and safe, i just sat down on my mat looked out into the ocean and full moon... until I noticed a bright blue glow in the ocean maybe 30 ft from me, and this was like a blue glowing bubble but the top half was like smokey glass that you can see shadow but it's not clear but you can make out what it is on the other side of it, and I could see movements inside and it after it was out of the ocean, it stood there for I don't know how long... I just couldn't look away or even breath.... I felt frozen unable to really process what I was seeing... and as it came up it went back down like nothing and after a while after i was able to be me, I ran from there and I have never been back there since. But one day I hear a story from a long lost friend of mine, and she lived in Boca which is very close to this beach. And one day she calls me asking if I want to go tanning in Riviera Beach! and I felt silly not going and during the day with tons of people so I went. Once there she noticed that I just kept looking at the ocean with a weird look to my face and she asked what was up. I wasn't sure if it was something I wanted to share but she was a very spiritual person so I told her... I told her I saw a blue glowing bubble looking thing with smokey glass like top and that I could see people inside moving slowly and it went back into the ocean. She looked at me and laughed! she turns to me and says... what if I tell you that I believe you and can top your story?! So she shared with me her experience there that really blew my mind and by the time she was done telling me her story, I had all the hairs on my body standing. She said that there are times in this area where it seems like there's something like a time hole... she was sitting there with a friend and they had gotten there and seemed alone. There were no lights or any beach parties of any kind and it's late, so can't really be there but you can if you do the walk. Well they were sitting there and talking while they see a guy walking towards where they were, and they didn't think much of it but kept alert. Until this man gets closer to them they notice that he's very different looking. He was tall, blonde and wearing a all white Toga type robe and had like a gold headband. They thought it was weird so they look to their left and notice that there's a "party tent" with lots of lights and seemed to be people moving around but it wasn't close enough for them to see the people but they were sure they had been alone at the beach and out of nowhere, this tent with lights and this man walks right by them as if they were not there... and they just kept following him with their eyes to the tent and by the time he gets there all the lights go away. It was only after the lights were gone with the man, was when they looked at each other and said.... did you see that ??? They got up and walked up to where the "party" would of been and there was nothing... I have never gone back but there's something very strange that I think it's beyond UFO...
