{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-20 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511388","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3625,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/388/mufon-5511388.json","updb_database_id":5511388}
{nd} 2 People Witnessed a Blue-Green Orb/Sphere Smoothly Jet From NE to SW Direction. No sound or trail.

On a nice warm summer night a friend and I were conversating on his patio that faced east from the house. Sitting, I was facing NE and he was facing SE with a 3/4 moon to the SE. A light caught the corner of my eye and when I looked at the light I wintessed a blueish-green/turquoise orb/sphere coming directly overhead. I immediately stood up, pointed and told my friend to look. The hairs on my arms immediately stood up, not from any electromagnetic phenomina, rather because it was nothing I had ever witnessed. As the object smoothly, quickly and quietly moved overhead it made no sound, had no vapor trail, did not have any flashing lights. The entire observation lasted about 5-7 seconds, whatever it was was going from point A to point B in a hurry. Immediately after it went out of view, I asked my friend "What was that, what did we just see?". I was shaking and kind of jacked as it was unexplainable! We immediately went through ruling out what it was not: not a plane, jet or helicopter as it emmitted no sound or lights and moved much faster than any jet could. It was not a meteorite as it did not have a trail, tail nor did it light up the sky. The sphere/orb cruised horizontally or parallel w/ the earth. It was not a lit balloon, swamp gas, flare, or bird as again the orb/sphere was moving so fast. I cannot gauge the speed as I am unsure how to measure the distance vs. the time frame we saw the object. The distance from our ground level to the object in the air was very difficult as depth perception at night coupled with the short timeframe we witnessed it made it difficult to perceive. Since, my friend has already divorced himself from the account, however I am not dismissing this so easily. I researched my account over the last 8 months and am alarmed at my findings! I been reluctant to go public as I have no evidence, so without that people really don't care, I understand that. However, seems maintream media and public opinion is one shouldnt talk about sightings for fear of ridicule. I couldnt disagree more and I do not care what people think... I saw what I saw. Since I shared my story to others, I had another friend come forward privately with his own sighting with a co-worker who validated, I thanked him for doing so and stressed he is NOT alone and moreso should not be ashamed. Too many highly educated doctors, physicists, military officals, pilots, astronauts, cosmonauts, etc highly respected and decorated officials have come forward for this not to be real; they should be proud for coming forward, I applaud it!!! I am a believer in God and found numerous scriptures in the Bible that describe what many people are seeing today; the book of Ezekiel and Revolation are just two descriptions... trying to figure how this is all tied together is what I pray about. My research led me to Dr Greers research (excellent, educated, formulated, factual info)... something IS going on!
