{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-07 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284388","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119031","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2924,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/388/mufon-5284388.json","updb_database_id":5284388}
Snub nosed triangle w/ red & blue lights slowly flew into view, dipped and bobbed a few times then straightened out, flew a bit more, then blinks out.

I was walking home shortly after 1am when a snub-nosed, triangle shaped object with rows of red & blue lights running down it's outer-underneath sides slowly comes into view from above a house top. It was directly in my line of sight (looking forward). It made no sound and was moving forward very slowly (perpendicular to my line of sight), then it stopped and made a dipping action, bobbing back and forth, down and up, (at which point I knew for certain I was not looking at a man made craft) then returned to it's original position and continued forward slowly, then began flickering and blinked out/disappeared right before my eyes. (The way it flickered and disappeared reminded me of the old black and white TV's, where the picture would flicker and then go to black when you pushed in the on/off knob.) 
The entire event took place in under a minute; about 35 seconds I estimate; and left me standing on the sidewalk, stunned and beyond belief at what I had just seen.
Additional note- I could tell the triangle was snub-nosed because the body of the object was slightly darker than the navy blue night sky. (It was dark dark blue, not black, but black was the closest color on the option list to what I saw.) The lights on the underneath outer sides were 4 rows each of side-by-side one blue then one red light. They didn't flash or dim, but stayed constantly lit throughout the entire event. The dipping/bobbing motion it made was just like if you made a "falling leaf" (a perfect descriptive!) motion with your hand, bobbing up and down from side to side, but not falling down, just staying in one semicircular left-to-right path. (It's difficult to explain without demonstrating as well.)
The enclosed sketch is one that I made on my cellphone so it's a bit crude, but supplies a representation of the location of the lights and the shape and color of the object. 
This was the first time in my entire life I have ever seen something so obviously ultra-normal and unexplained. I am still in awe when I replay the event in my memory. It was utterly amazing.
