{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-07 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487388","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72285","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3087,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/388/mufon-5487388.json","updb_database_id":5487388}
{nd} Spotted two objects: one a glowing cloud and the other a moving object with two spotlights.

At about 6pm, we had just returned to our vehicle parked off Hwy 89 after hiking to Lake Stampede. It was dark. We started to drive toward Hwy 89 when we saw a bright blue-white search light shining directly on top of the pine trees across the Hwy in front of us. We wondered if it was a search helicopter with a spotlight. Then,we noticed there were actually two spotlights shining out and that the object was hovering very slowly and was completely silent. We rolled down the windows and turned off the car and headlights to listen. We heard nothing. We also noticed a large cloud-like oval shape in the sky to the left of the object that glowed a light blue. The entire sky was clear with stars and there were no other actual clouds anywhere. The object went behind the trees and the lights were not visible; however, the glowing misty cloud remained, but was slowly fading and dimming. After waiting a minute, we decided to get on Hwy 89 and head back toward Truckee. We drove about a mile or two and could still see the glowing oval cloud in the sky and then we spotted the object in the distance going west. We pulled the car over and got out to take pictures with a professional camera. AS the pictures progressed, the object with the spot lights sort of dissipated as it continued to move west until it was out of view behind the mountain range. We took long exposures of the two objects so it would be clearly visible in the pictures (more than what the naked eye can see). The oval cloud remained in the sky and continued to fade into nothing within the next 15 minutes. It was definitely one of the strangest things we have ever seen! We were in awe. We continued to drive to Donner Pass Rd. and drove to the lookout parking lot before the bridge to observe the night sky for a while and it was completely clear with stars visible everywhere. The strange glowing cloud was gone.
