{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-12 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530388","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/388/mufon-5530388.json","updb_database_id":5530388}
Read full email sent to MUFON, three star like objects in aerial acrobatics.

Last night during the meteor shower, meteors were not the only things in the sky. My family and I went to a state park in Sumter, South Carolina to be secluded and watch the falling rocks but ended up watching something so much more. I am contacting MUFON due to the fact I am not doubting what we saw could have been military, since an air force base is so close. The maneuverability of the aircrafts we watched was jaw dropping. 
At 2201 while lying in a field watching and waiting for meteors to streak across the clear sky, my wife noticed a blue-ish white light moving extremely high up in the sky. As it was entering the center of our field of view, another 1aircraft1 approached it from the opposite direction. They were tiny specks of light traveling quite a distance that we knew they were not meteors. As they reached one another, both stopped and the one from the left emitted a very bright light before dimming and becoming less obvious. Both moved off in the directions they were originally traveling at the same speed as before and vanished behind the clouds. Moments later, a closer, but still far-off jet of some sort blinking white lights trekked across the sky before splitting into two aircraft, followed by a third. The first two began doing aerial acrobatics like you would see at an air show 1 at one point crisscrossing one another at dangerously close intervals. This is where we saw the first parts of their amazing maneuverability such as their ability to fly in acute angles at such increased velocity, as one made a sharp V and headed in a different direction. While these two were playing, the third appeared to start giving chase before joining as part of the group. We noticed as they increased speed, their lights would blink faster and faster until they were nothing but a blur, such as a meteor with no tail. When they slowed, their white lights blinked less and turned to three red lights at a slight pause before they resumed flying right, circling to left and dropping to the V at a lower altitude. They did this many times. 
Prior to seeing them, we had noticed numerous airplanes (regular ones). At approximately 2200, it seemed the area became a no-fly zone, until approximately 2235 when an airplane entered from the left, at which time, the unknown aircraft proceeded to flee the area, reappearing at a lower altitude, when the airplane had passed. They resumed their 1acrobatics1 for another approximately 15 minutes before leaving. These three aircraft made a loud, deep, growling engine noise1 deeper than any combat aircraft I have encountered in my 5 years of service as an infantryman. I am unsure about what type of aircrafts these may have been, but I did see similar aircraft, to the first we witnessed, at extreme altitudes 56 miles away at my home in Lexington, SC the night before. They appeared as dots in the sky with one brightening then separating, going in different directions, covering distances that would baffle you. I believe in reverse engineering that is kept from the public by the military. It is my belief these aircraft could possibly be proof of such. 

[Witness name deleted/cms/tg]
