{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-22 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486388","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/388/mufon-5486388.json","updb_database_id":5486388}
{rjl} Tall Whites/Nordics on human assimilation outing

My son and I noticed an extended, white Ford van pull up about 50' away from the Big Bear FunPlex. We were waiting for a cab to take us back to the hotel. My daughter was playing on the kid carousel. A few minutes later, after I had forgotten about the van, an entourage of young, beautiful, nicely-dressed women walked in single file, with a couple adults escorting them. They were all quite serious and quiet. As I was standing by the door, I got a look at most of them. It was quite unusual to see so many beautiful ladies at once, so I had a quizzical look on my face, which one of them saw and looked back at me as if in acknowledgement. It was a kind of "what are you looking at" kind of look. I was very preoccupied with spotting the cab -- it was about 30 minutes late -- that I only occasionally looked over at the young women. When I did, though, I noticed that their movements were almost synchronized. They still hadn't said a word, and it had been at least five minutes. The woman who looked at me was the only one walking around the perimeter of the other girls. At one point she walked up to me to throw something in the garbage. I instinctively moved back a couple inches to allow her to throw out her garbage (water bottle, not sure)without looking at her. Before we left, the older lady, who I think was a human, said, "OK girls, why don't we all come over here," which was only 4 feet from me. They all moved over to her in perfect silence in one motion. Once they were all together, the human lady stopped talking, but they were all watching her silently. At this point, the cab was driving up, so I yelled to my son right over the young ladies.."The cab's here!" Then he yelled to his sister, "Come on!" They walked right through the crowd of 7 or so entities to the door. They remained quiet and focused on the human lady. I didn't notice who had led the group in, but according to author Charles Hall, it was most likely an elder male entity brought along for security. Here's the thing: I was so preoccupied with waiting for the cab that it didn't occur to me what was going on until I got home that evening. But my subconscious knew what was going on and was taking mental notes. After I had put it all together, I was somewhat shocked. It fit the profile perfectly, and I had witnessed it.
