{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-08-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283388","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3456,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/388/mufon-5283388.json","updb_database_id":5283388}
Witness 3 encounters: at 8 (1967)-{blinding light.humanoid figure}, at 9 (1968)-{felt taken away and returned} and recently at 43 (2002)-{felt like something going to take me away} - {djs}

First encounter, I was walking to a friend's house from school, when a blinding light hit my eyes. It was as if I had the sun in front of me. When I looked again there was a humanoid figure in front of me, but it was not human. It was very shinny as if in an armor. I felt that this figure was communicating with my mind. I was so scared that I ran away to a house door near and when I approached it, I was almost bitten by their dog. The dog was barking furiously,. Now I think it was doing it at the figure more than at me. No one was home though. When I turned around the figure was gone. This encounter changed my life. I was living a terrible life. I was attacked by a neighbor and he sexually abused me for years. Somehow this encounter wiped my memories clear and I could not remember anything.  Even when these attacks continued. Somehow I knew that I could survive them and that they would not destroy me. The second experience takes me back to a very strange sensation, not far from where the first encounter took place. I had the feeling that the same entity was trying to check up on me and actually I felt taken away and returned instantaneously. I felt like in the movie "Contact", where several hours had passed but it was only a matter of seconds. (These 2 experiences took place in Bayamon, Puerto Rico). The third experience happened in Warren, Michigan. In 2002, I was sitting in my living room and there was a terrible thunderstorm outside. I am never afraid of storms. I usually welcome them as some sort of Earth balancing itself back to the way it should be. This particular time, I felt like something was trying to communicate with me. I even felt like something was going to physically remove me from my home. There were bright lights outside but I could not distinguish the bright lights from the thunder. This sensation was so overwhelming that I turned the TV on and I stayed up until very late. I have always stated that I welcome meeting and being taken away so that I can meet people from other planets. I never knew how the panic and fear that these thoughts invading my mind from telepathic beings were causing me. After a while, my mind settled down and I was able to go to sleep again. Since then I have not experienced anything similar. Even now, I welcome these experiences but I am too cowardly to receive any communication from above. I have told myself that all these experiences are delusional. I do not know if I have truly experienced any of them. The only visual experience was the first one at 8 years old. August 1, 2002 was the third encounter's approximate date. Entity description stems from my first experience at 8.
