{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-23 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506388","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52411","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2398,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/388/mufon-5506388.json","updb_database_id":5506388}
{nd} Three bright red-orange objects observed through south facing window.

I was sitting in my kitchen lase night watching television. A bright red-orange light caught my eye out the window. It was traveling south to north, toward me. Then it turned and started moving east. Suddenly another one appeared taking the same course. The second one caught up to the first and they traveled closely together. I thought the color was strange, and noticed they werent blinking like planes. Also, this is a regular flight path to Newburgh Airport, but those planes are always traveling north to south and east to south, so this was REALLY out of the ordinary. I ran upstairs to alert my husband to this, so that he could witness it as well. He is an amateur astronomer, and I thought "If I tell him this , and he doesnt see it, hes going to say oh it was Venus." So, I made sure he saw it AND EVEN HE said it was highly unusual. Then we saw the third one appear from the same direction as the other two, but it stayed behind them, not catching up. Finally they were almost as far away to the east as we could see from that window when they disappeared, the pair in front first, then the one in the rear.

My husband said,"I think they disappeared like that because they were in the earths shadow. You know there are planes and things up that high...It could have been satellites. The color could have been a sun event because they were so high." Ive seen satellites, and theyre white and move fast.These moved slowly and were a weird red color. and they werent planes because they didn't blink they were like...wobbly"

Anyhow, today when I asked him what he thought about it he said, "Swamp-gas, weather balloon"and when I told him I was going to write about it to MUFON he said "Dont put my name on it."
