{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522388","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33681","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3620,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/388/mufon-5522388.json","updb_database_id":5522388}
6 or more orange lights in the sky, moving upward in different directions

We were decorating our Christmas tree, and I stepped outside to see how it looked from the front of our house and was distracted by 6 or 7 bright orange lights rising to the East over the Wasatch mountain range.  It was a very clear night just a little after 9pm. At first, there were 5 or 6 lights rising in a column which then separated, spreading out in different directions. I stood for a moment, wondering what the heck they were. They were brighter and larger than the stars in the sky and moving in an upward direction. I stepped into the house and asked for my husband to come look. He is retired military and seems to know a great deal about aircraft, so I thought he could tell me what they were. He stepped outside with me and just stood and watched with me in silence for a few moments and then said, "I don't know what those are. Theyre not planes. Its totally quiet, though. Listen to the dogs." The neighborhood dogs all seemed to be barking. He stepped into the house, turned off all the lights, and asked for the other two adults in the house to come outside. 
 Together, we watched as all but one blinked out after only a few minutes, and the last one remained stationary for another minute or so. As that one blinked out, we noticed another rising more slowly below it. This final light was the brightest, and we were able to watch it for nearly 5 minutes as it rose upward then sat stationary for about 30 seconds. It flashed red and blinked out, also. I thought it was gone, but one of the other adults pointed out that the object was still faintly visible. It appeared white and ascended to the north for several minutes, where we finally lost track of it. 
  We live near Hill Air Force Base, and we are accustomed to seeing objects in the sky. We agreed that they were not jets, helicopters, or any other aircraft that we are used to seeing. We never did hear any sound other than barking dogs. I initially thought perhaps they were flares, but the objects moved upward, hovered, and changed direction. Also, the lights were orange and round/symmetrical. The odd way the last light flashed red before blinking out was unlike anything I have seen before. 
  I have been listening to local news for reports of weather balloons or flares or any kind of military testing in the area; although, Im sure thats not what this was. I have also been checking ufo reporting sites, and looking online for any blog or other reports from anyone else who may have seen these lights. We live in a very populated area, so I don't understand why no one else noticed or reported them. The joke around our house is that the E.T.s are coming. We laugh about it, but all of us feel that we saw something we don't understand. My husband said that he felt very unsafe when he saw those lights. The were just too different from anything he has ever seen (the way they moved quickly, stopped, then changed direction, then blinking out but still being present).
