{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-05-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488460","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71182","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2544,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/460/mufon-5488460.json","updb_database_id":5488460}
Light in Sky, hovering. Seen through powerful binoculars. Object pulsated at approx. 1 second - appeared to blur.

I was camping with two friends out on a mountainside in Ireland, and we noticed a bright object in the sky. As an amateur astronomer, I had with me my Celestron binoculars and a tripod. We decided to look at the object through them. 

The object appeared as a disk with lights rotating around it (blues, greens, whites and reds) - it was similar to looking at the Dog Star through binoculars (the weird prism effect) except this object was not moving like the stars, but horizontally. It hovered but was slowly moving in a south-westerly direction, about 30 or 40 degrees above the horizon. We observed the object for about an hour and a half.

Through the binoculars, it was possible to see the lights quite clearly, but roughly every second, the object appeared to blur, like a heat haze. This was a very regular thing and because of the tripod could not have been caused by heartbeat movement of the binoculars. To me, this was the aspect of the object that made me believe it was not a technology that I have ever seen before. The only thing it could have been was a helicopter with a set of rotating lights above the rotors, with an atmospheric effect causing the blurring. I think this is unlikely.

All three of us observed the object and the blurring effect. Unfortunately I do not know if it was a large object very far away or a small on much closer. From our vantage point on the mountain, it is a reasonable guess to say the object was a minimum of 10 miles from us. Sadly, none of us made a video or took any images - I am annoyed at myself for this omission. So that's it - I now look every night I can to see something like this again and am a staunch believer in the UFO phenomenon What I saw makes me believe the technology displayed by this object is far in advance of even the latest physics research/hypotheses of us humans.
