{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-21 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492460","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67077","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3051,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/460/mufon-5492460.json","updb_database_id":5492460}
myself and Justin drive past local campground, witness object hovering above the trees. justin refuses to stop vehicle, but slows down significantly.

My friend and I were driving from his house to another friend's house. On the way there approximately 4:30 pm we smelled the foul odour of sulfur as we passed the big red cattle barns. I didn't say it out loud, but I was thinking how weird it is to smell so strongly of sulfur when normally all you would smell is manure. We made it to our friends house and left around 6:30 pm it was now dark. When driving east past the local campground in the same area as cattle barn I spotted a 50 foot wide triangular ufo to the south hovering above the trees. I knew immediately, I was seeing something incredible. The ufo was dark metal in color almost black. In the center was a raised stainless steel triangular badge with an Amber light flashing Amber, white, off sequentially. On the upper corners were green dim lights that seemed to be casting light across the front of the object. I believe the ufo was conical in shape, but it was definitely triangular and hovering silently. I had my head out of the car window and shouted for my friend to stop the truck, I was so worked up, we were in a car. He slowed down and looked past me and confirmed what I was seeing, but wouldn't stop. We turned off the end of the road heading south and I could see it still for roughly another kilometer. After we got back to his place we discussed it and he was in denial big time, I left, took a bus home. Walking home from the bus stop I saw two military helicopters returning to the local base. I like 2 kilometers from the cfb 14wing and I am used to seeing many military aircraft every day. As well we have a small municipal airport which flies Cessna type planes. This was not a plane. It was two months before my friend finally came to terms with what happened and now admits it was definitely unidentifiable. We were both psychologically affected by this event. It was weeks before I could sleep well and move on with my life. We did not photograph the object unfortunately I did not have my phone with me, and I was in such shock I would probably Nottingham even thought to take a video or photograph.
