{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496460","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/460/mufon-5496460.json","updb_database_id":5496460}
{cak} disc sighted on flight path along a mountain ridge in the High Sierras

Summer of 65. Hiking the John Muir Trail towards Yosemite Valley. Late afternoon. One more camping night before getting into the Valley the next afternoon. I was a quarter mile ahead of the rest of the hikers when I stopped to wait for them. As I turned back to look down the trail, I saw that they had stopped and begun to set up camp. I began to walk back towards them when I sensed movement behind me over my right shoulder. As I turned to look a the bird or whatever it was I saw a saucer shaped vehicle flying near horizontally and crossing (from my perspective) from open sky to down into the valley in which we were hiking. It continued on passing along a trajectory which contoured the base of the mountains on the other side of the valley. It flew from behind me for about 20 seconds and passed over and behind the trees in which my friends were setting up camp.

I took particular note at the time to scrutinize what I was seeing. Having had the two previous questionable sights earlier in my life I wanted to be able to remember what I had seen clearly. I looked for wings and saw none.It appeared as the classic disc with a flattened dome on top, and because of the tilt the craft had in making the sweeping turn, conforming to the shape of the valley the top was more clear to me than the bottom which also had the appearance of a lower dome. This was not as pronounced as I said because it the top was tilted slightly towards me. 

I looked at the back end, as figured by its direction of movement and could see no tail structure. The back side appeared exactly as did the front end. It was a disc. There was no sound and no exhaust to be noticed. And no moving parts such as propellers. Once it was gone, it was gone and no one else beneath the cover of the trees had the sighting. I would guess the distance it traveled during the short time I saw it was maybe two miles.

The flight path was what one would expect a plane to take if flying through the valley.
