{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-20 04:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504460","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54431","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2948,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/460/mufon-5504460.json","updb_database_id":5504460}
{nd} I saw an alien spacecraft fly, maneuver , open a wormhole and leave earth . Circular bright white wormhole than shrunk to nothing.

I woke up at 4:30 AM to get ready for work. I made a pot of coffee which takes approximately 10 to 12 minutes to brew. After watching TV for 10 minutes , I got up from my chair and went into the kitchen to fix a cup of coffee. As I was stirring my cup of coffee , A thought came to my mind . This is October , it's a beautiful morning outside , no moon , crisp and clear with millions of stars in the night sky . So I decided to step out onto the back porch and look for satellites or anything else that I might could see that was unusual. Within a minute I caught movement out of my perihphial vision to the west.  I spotted a starlike object that was somewhat low in the sky as I turn to the west . It moved from my right to my left in a straight line which took approximately eight seconds and stopped . The object was bright like a star with no visible markings or shape characteristics whatsoever. Essentially it was too far away to notice any other details.  The vehicle stopped for approximately eight seconds and then turned downward and moved in a circular flight path . The spacecraft completed 80% of this circular maneuver and then stopped for another 8 to 10 seconds.  At this point the bright spacecraft then seemed to be powering up as it became larger and brighter. After another 8 to 10 seconds of powering up, the spacecraft emanated a bright white beam from the front of the ship which created a large circular bright white energy field. Another 8 to 10 seconds went by and the spacecraft then got twice as big and twice as bright. The spacecraft then accelerated forward with the speed of light as it entered the circular bright white energy field known as a wormhole . The spacecraft did not exit on the other side ,it simply vanished inside this energy field.  I then watched this bright white circular energy field slowly shrink in size until it got to the point as if you blew out a candle. I heard no sounds whatsoever during this event. I was in the right place at the right time.  The alien spacecraft that I saw was 100% true and accurate. Absolutely nothing man-made about the object that I spotted that sky.
We are not alone and Albert Einstein was so correct in his theories about wormholes .
