{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-10 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485460","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74275","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3107,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/460/mufon-5485460.json","updb_database_id":5485460}
Noiseless light that changed direction then accelerated away very fast

I was taking an evening walk in Rothamsted Park, Harpenden, Hertforshire, England as I often did then. At that time I lived nearby at 8 Longcroft Avenue, Harpenden, Hertfordshire, England. Shortly after entering the park I looked up at the clear night sky and noticed an unusual ball of orange/red light traversing the sky slowly at a fixed altitude and direction coming from approx. NW. It was larger than any star and initially I thought it might be a aircraft, however it was noiseless and exhibited no flashing white navigation light, nor a red or green wing light. At this point I felt transfixed by the object and became fearful as it was travelling in my direction and something felt 'odd' about it. I would estimate that when it was about a mile away it made a 90 degree turn to the SE, maintaining height and the same speed (comparable, say, to a piston engined aircraft at cruise speed). As it turned, the shape mutated into an oval and again I saw no navigation lights that one might expect as it did so. The object then continued on this new track for a minute or two and then rapidly accelerated at an amazing rate, continuing on the same course, again with no sound and disappeared from view as it shrank due to distance. I was riveted to the spot for a while and felt deeply disturbed with my arm hair 'on end'. I returned home quickly. The following day, I reported my observation to the local newspaper, The Herts Advertiser, who expressed no interest but curiously, about a week later, while in the garden of my home at about the same time I saw another light in the sky approaching me. This was identifiably a large plane which flew over my home at a very low height of only a few hundred feet which aircraft are not supposed to do. I imagined that this was some kind of deliberate act to discourage my 'UFO sighting'. In that era there was no internet or anyone else I could think of to report this. I only today happened to visit your site and found the 'report a sighting' link, so I did so. Out of curiosity I searched online for 'UFO sighting Harpenden' and found 2 links to articles in the same newspaper I originally contacted decades ago, both in this area, one very nearby, dated July 2009 and Sep 2010. I can provide links to my observation point on google maps and those 2 newspaper articles. Apologies for this late submission but I'm glad that it is now reported. It still makes my hair stand on end when I think about it.
