{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490878","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68698","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6838,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/878/mufon-5490878.json","updb_database_id":5490878}
Fast moving Sphere hovered over Girl Guide camp, scanned us, sped off changing direction

Girl Guides from small town in southern Alberta at Guides/Scout Camp just north of Fort McLeod: nature area, no ambient lighting, no highway noise or town noises.
Late spring, 1997.

Beautiful clear calm evening, just finished after dinner clean up & while other Girl Guide leaders (3) went behind cook house to sneak quick cigarette break out of view of the girls (forbidden)- I just began teaching girls (about 12 girls and myself) an Astronomy lesson for their Astronomy Badges.
As we located the Evening Star, I noticed a silvery light approaching from the south- first like a moving star (was still too light to see stars, only Venus) as it approached there were no lights typical of aircraft, only a constant glow(?). One of the girls asked if we were seeing a satellite, to which I thought for a moment, realizing it was still too light out to see any satellites, I responded,"no". Flying very fast it was over us in seconds, "noticed" us and stopped dead, hovering over us. Putting myself between it and the girls, I was trying to remain very calm and not frighten the girls- I stepped forward to put the girls behind me, it backed off a little. I was really taken aback that it seemed to respond to my movement of protection! It hovered in place with no wobble, a perfectly still and silent hover - a thought occurred in my head, "we're just scanning, nothing to fear". Meanwhile I was thinking, "did I just think that? Or did it tell me that? No, I WASNT THINKING THAT ???!" Now I'm noticing that the birds, crickets and an owl all fell silent that were very noisy a moment ago. Complete stillness, complete silence. A flurry of questions rifle through my head, trying to make sense of what I'm seeing- a former Police employee, I'm taking mental notes, knowing there would be questions asked of me later. These mental notes- no sound whatsoever, is it glowing or is it silver, reflecting the sun as its just going down? No engine noise, no trees close enough to us to estimate its size either, but was left thinking it was the size of a basketball, and immediately questioning myself was it higher and bigger?, with no good answer. I remember taking mental note that it seemed to be about 15-20 ft above us, if I had to guesstimate. Complete silence, even the girls (the most quiet they've ever been!), mouths agape, just staring with eyes as big as saucers. Afraid to take my eyes off it, in case it tries anything, but really, what could I have done? -I'm their First-Aider, responsible for the lives of these girls! It seemed to last forever, like a silent stand-off, in reality it was maybe 15-20 minutes, but it seemed like forever! It was long enough to leisurely smoke a whole cigarette at least. Staring at it, questioning my sanity, wondering if it can read my mind if it can put thoughts into it?! Now the only sound was a mother Great Blue Heron to the east of us noisily returning to its nest atop a pole, was freaking out. Immediately this glowing/shining(?) basketball turned its attention to the bird and spun around quickly, as if it heard the commotion, correcting course as it went, an arcing path over to the nest, hovered a moment, and then took off at great speed to the NNE, making a few very fast course corrections as it went. 

In only a second it was gone. To do this it would have had to be going hundreds of kms per second. It took a few minutes for birds, very noisy crickets and owl to start making noise again and the Heron calmed down immediately as well. It was as if the animals knew something was wrong a moment ago and now were noisier than ever. It was now twilight.

The girls asked me what that was. It took me a moment to gather myself and calmly responded, "I'm not sure what that was." I was still in tremendous shock, I think that's what I said, a non-committal answer. I didn't want to scare them.
Immediately after it flew away, I searched the skies all around us and putting the senior girl in charge for a moment, I went behind the cookhouse to the other leaders and asked if they saw anything????? (Remaining behind the cookhouse they wouldn't have had a view of it, only its approach.) They hadn't and looked at me strangely because I was freaked out. I said, "Don't tell the girls, but I think we all just saw a UFO!" Senior leader asked if I was OK. I again gathered myself up and said I was alright. They looked at me with complete disbelief, like I was absolutely crazy. 
I went back to the girls and began the Astronomy Lesson once again. It was starting to get dark now and I realized I could use my flashlight to circle the constellations-it didn't occur to me until I thought about it later, lying in my sleeping bag, that a low fog or thin cloud was hanging over our campground, directly over us, where we saw the orb. That fog would be gone the next night when I went to indicate the constellations once again. 

One of the girls asked me again just before bed, when the two of us were alone, if she had spotted a satellite overhead? I watched the far off dot and said that yes, that's what a satellite looks like. She's asked if I knew what it was that we saw earlier and I said that I didn't know. She said "So that WAS a UFO?" Not wanting to alarm her just before bed, I shrugged, not wanting to answer or frighten her. I remember thinkin to myself "God, these girls are smart!"

On the drive back to our town I was thinking to myself,"What on Earth do I say if the girls go home and tell their parents? If they phone me up, what do I say?" Not being one to lie, as I've never been very good at lying, what the hell would I say? I would wait and deal with it then, my head was too full with the whole experience.
No one called. It was never talked about again. 

After this experience, in fall of 1997, strangeness would return in the form of psychic dreams, but not sure if the two were related. I survived a near-death experience when I was sixteen, always wondered if that had something to do with these "dreams" that come true.

To this day I have only discussed this with my mother, until this report.
 It would happen to me again, in 2011.
