{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-07-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292878","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110438","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4314,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/878/mufon-5292878.json","updb_database_id":5292878}
Speed of light

I was at work at a hotel in playa Hermosa costa rica in the summer of 1999. There was a night surf contest at the hotel nextdoor. I was talking to another coworker the chef while we watched the contest from less than half a mile away. We were empty as all guests awake were at the contest spectating. Being on the clock both us were sober. While talking and watching the contest from a distance I noticed a super bright light above the lineup of surfers in the water. 

This was maybe 500ft-750ft above the water. The light warped and then I realized it was coming out of something aimed towards the ocean and that its light was ained towards the mountains. Its light sort of split into 2 main points above and below so kind the opposite of a fighter jet w one engine how its light reduces to a single peak. The object it was coming from was concealed by the darkness so I have no description of any craft. 

 I've had fighter jets fly CLOSE overhead w afterburners on and this light was white not yellowish it also shot out much much further and wider(height ways)from behind the craft than any jet flames would. 

 The craft was stationary for longer than "ordinary" as the light shot out behind it. When it finally propelled forward it had a light trail behind it that tapered to nothing. It looked like it left a light trail for a 1/4 mile maybe up to 1/2 mile long. 

 The chef and I were both looking in the same direction when this happened as we were both watching the contest. I immediately tried to justify or explain the spectacle to myself as seeing a light trail from the stadium lights used for the contest. But 1 second after the occurrence was over I heard the Chef next to me gasp for air. We looked at each other and frantically both said, DID YOU SEE THAT! Yes we both saw the same thing and confirmed what we saw to each other. I looked back at the stadium lights again trying to convince myself I wasn't crazy and had an illusion. I stared at the lights but they were so far away and weak I couldn't get anything close to the same effect also they were a different spectrum of light. 

 What is most noteworthy to me is that the craft didnt move for a few moments while it had all that propulsion power emitting from behind it. Kinda like a fighter jet on an aircraft carrier power braking before takeoff. The other thing that blew my mind was how fast it accelerated. Forget how fast it traveled(at or near the speed of light). For sure we didnt or still dont have anything that fast but what blew my mind was how anything could survive INSIDE a craft accelerating that fast. The Gforce was cosmic, astronomic. Not sure how to word it. No G suit could keep a human alive through that. I'm not sure if it turned off the thrust and glided to its next destination or if it "jumped" like warp speed etc. At that speed anything was possible. I've stood 10ft from my uncle on a top fuel drag bike do the 1/4 mile over 200 mph. This craft or whatever emitted the light must have been going in the thousands of miles per hour. 

The light seemed more to shrink and "jump" then cut ignition...

Amazingly there was no sonic boom or noise at all. I questioned other employees that were directly underneath right at the contest and none of them saw anything strange.

Dont let my questioning my sanity or stadium lights fool you. I'm 100% sure I saw something paranormal and so was the chef. 

Whatever it was it was not of this world... I saw no outline of the craft. Only could see its light emissions and flight path. But wow. This thing was pushing the speed of light if not breaking the speed of light. And all silent the whole time... not sure who cares but there it is.
