{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-04-04 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492878","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3031,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/878/mufon-5492878.json","updb_database_id":5492878}
{cak} Round with lights around on body

Me and my friend were leaving his apartment he lived with his mother and we walked to the store which was next door to the apartment complex and when we got to the store we noticed a round object over Agnes Barden Elementary School just hovering around 500 FEET above school may have been more or maybe a little less we just looked at it for awhile and it looked like somebody looking out were the round light portals were, I mean this object was humongous; Bigger than a C5 Galaxy plane. It happen around 1980, I was still in high school at the time, we looked at it for a long time everybody that pulled into the store we got them to look at it and they looked and were astonished and scared,
 Back then in the Bloomfield area of Macon when it got dark most people were at home. It was the biggest thing I ever saw in the sky. I noticed that the lights were in no certain pattern around the round sphere that I remember.  It happened 35 years ago. I remember the next day we talked about and nobody could believe what they had seen, I remember the night it happen while I was walking home I keep looking behind me and I remember seeing the round sphere with lights on it and the round sphere was dark in color and it appeared something was walking around in the light portals. I also remember checking the newspaper the next day and nothing was in the paper, I mean we looked at the thing for a couple hours somebody with some authority had to have seen it. Warner Robins Air force Base is about 10-15 miles from were we were at.
 I just thought that; That I would report what I had seen and remember I was watching the Hanger one show and decided to report this incident, I didn't know who to tell to, Until I seen the show. I hope this helps out, If I had known who to report this to 35 years ago I would have. Contact me by phone if you want to and I can draw you a diagram of what I seen if you need any idea of what was seen that night, I can not remember the date, I just know it happened, I will include a crude drawing of what I seen that night. 
  The month THAT i AM SUBMITTING WHEN THE EVENT HAPPENED IS PROBALY WRONG, I JUST CANNOT REMEMBER WHAT MONTH IT HAPPEN IT WAS 35 YEARS AGO.      The time inclded maybe a hour or so off
    I includeed a diagram of what was seen that night
