{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-05 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504878","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54001","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2671,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/878/mufon-5504878.json","updb_database_id":5504878}
{cak} Saw three lights in form of triangle with a fourth light in center. It flew directly overhead, making no sound except perhaps slight wind noise. It was flying low and seemed to be going slow, maybe 70 MPH. Very strange.

Me, my brother, and my cousin biked to Ropesville Cemetery to visit my grandfather's grave. The moon wasn't out at that time, around 11 PM. I was 22, my brother's 18, and my cousin's 21. 
 At my grandfather's grave, we saw lights in the sky slowly approaching from the southwest. As they neared, we saw the lights were in the shape of a triangle with a fourth light in the center. The craft passed directly over the cemetery, silent except for what sounded like wind noise. 
 We thought the triangle pattern of the lights was very strange. But we assumed it was probably a B2 stealth bomber because we were under the impression that stealth meant silence. Recently, we learned that this isn't the case: stealth only means invisible to radar. 
 Also, a heavy plane like a B2 flying at the slow speed of this craft would probably have fallen out of the sky. Can't be sure how fast it was going, but it seemed like maybe 70 MPH or so. 
 Very slow, very low.
 We couldn't quite see the body of the craft, only the lights, but we got the impression the lines between the lights were very straight and clean. 
 We watched it for a few minutes as it passed over us and headed northeast, the three of us talking about how weird it was.
 About a week ago, my brother and I saw a History Channel documentary about the Belgian UFO which was also a black triangle with four lights, three as the traingle and one in the center. We wish we could remember the color of the lights on the traingle we saw, maybe red or white or both.
 After we biked home that night, I wrote this entry in my journal:
 "As we sat there a plane passed overhead. It was very strange. It had four lights, one in the center, and the others forming a triangle. Speculated it might be a stealth plane, and it did look like that. Passing low and very quiet, directly over the graveyard."
