{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-15 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474878","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2318,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/878/mufon-5474878.json","updb_database_id":5474878}
non describle foarm with ligth and deep sound

Hello my UFO sigth was in the early 1990's i was sleep and my brother came into my room and wake me up ! He say come on there is something you have to See! I say to him i wanna sleep let me stay in bed to sleep! But he say get up and have a look in to it! So i get up and follow him to his room! Then we looked out of his room window! In same second i get (G1nsehaut) all my hair was standing up like electric Static! There was an flying Objekt above the fields after the house we live in! I cant describe the Form or the ligthsfrom it( like change permanent) so i was interested because i never seen something like it! We open the Window so i hear deep grolling noise ! Not like Helikopter not like plane or Traktor! I was like it so i hold my arm out of the window to send them a signal and the Objekt was fly in same Direktion like ido my arm! My brother stand at my side like paralized ! I was interested and frigthend at same time because the Objekt was like (ferngesteuert! Sorry for my very baad english) i tell my brother i will get on my clothes and go to the Objekt come with me ! But he say no ! I was arround 13 years old and to frigthend to go there alone! So i send them more signals with my arm and Objekt again fly like ido my arm! This was a time from about five minits! But it feels like a hour! Was i really tell them their Direktion?? I wanna know more and go there but brother still said no! So i do my arm back into the room! A few seconds later the Objekt leave the place fast like a comet ! We stand there next five minits but nothing came back but i remeber it was quiet no noise to hear no bird or gras Hopper nonothing! Next nigths i wait for it but nothing!
