{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-03 18:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283848","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119583","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2615,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/848/mufon-5283848.json","updb_database_id":5283848}
UFO Flying over my car

Husband called me at 6:42pm If I was home of still driving, I replied I’m still driving, he then asked me to look up to the sky. I take my head out the driver side window (while I was at a red light on 24 Street and Broadway) I was at least behind 4 other cars maybe 5. I’m looking and I see this bright light and as I focus my sight the light it’s actually 3 lights, 3 almost orb looking and I notice the circular outline of that this 3 lights actually was. I tell my husband it’s an UFO! He said exactly. ( I am looking and the actual craft is not visible to the naked eye only the lights if your are right under it) I immediately pull in to the vacant lot that sits there place the car on park as soon as I filled up and jumó out the car. I’m still looking at it flying so steady and slow and while I’m on my personal phone I am trying to pull my work phone out my fanny pack and I pull it out I’m trying to focus the phone to take a picture and I missed it ether it speed away of it has travel enough distance that the angle I was looking at it maybe the stealth technology was enough to prevent me from spotting the orb light look I had seen when being right under the UFO. 

I was in such sock and excitement that when I realized I missed recording this incident something else captures my attention. It was the trail of satellites (minutes later I was told they where satellites) and I was again exited, I thought in that moment both incidents where related and I tell my husband I see all the lights.(he thought I was just describing the trail scene) He asked me if I got a picture, when I try to focus my phone to take a picture of the lights they where also gone. As I’m explaining what I just witnessed my husband and I both realized that what I saw at first was not what he asked me to look at that I had just witnessed something completely different than what they had. I was just standing then on that vacant lot off 24 St and Broadway and trying to make sense of things.
