{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-13 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499848","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/848/mufon-5499848.json","updb_database_id":5499848}
{jd} I was asleep/i heard something run across my roof and a blue light pointing right directly at me..not one minute later did I hear helicopters searching for whatever it was

I live in Ocala, Florida. I am a single female aged 47 yr's old. I'm a professional medical biller from home. I'm highly intelligent, and have no history of any major medical problems, mental illness, etc.. after this incident happened to me, my health declined dramatically, and my mental well being has now been questioned. When I say this, it is over my decline in health, which a Doctor saying to me, you are not going to die!, but you act like it!, yet...all my hospitalizations since, have been legitimate medical reasons. I even had one doctor tell me, if he saw my medical report before and after this incident, he would have guessed me to be about 75 yrs old. Yet this whole time...I cannot and have not ever disclosed to anyone what happened that night. It wasent until this morning when I was watching your show on the History channel and saw the story on that young woman in Manhattan. I froze in fear! because the same type incident happened to me, only I was not sucked up in any craft.It was in the early morning hours. I'm usually in bed every night before 10am.I cant recall the exact time but I know it was after 1 am, because I do remember picking up my cell phone to look at the time, but then the screen went blank. I heard an apparent running type sound across my roof. I remember laying there very still "frightened" because I live alone. My first thought..maybe a burglar was on my roof, but then I was thinking...why my roof?? after about 30 seconds a blue beam of light "lasered" through my window pointing right on me. I couldn't scream, I couldn't move, almost like in a dream state, and all I could do was lay there paralyzed. The blue beam was directed right at my left rib area ( To this day..I still feel like "an object" something that does not belong in my left rib area). No more than about 3 minutes later I heard helicopters, more than one, flying right over my house. I did not have curtains on my blinds, and could clearly see they were flying so low I could see and hear the trees blowing almost like a tornado would. The helicopters were LOUD, at one point it felt like it was going to land on my roof. They even hovered over my house what felt like an eternity. All I could think inside my thought was...what is going on??...are my neighbors hearing this too?..are they able to get up and run out their houses to see what the commotion was??. Me..I was paralyzed not only physically but in fear. I laid in my bed till it got light. By now I was able to "move my body". I remember saying to myself, should I ask a neighbor did they hear anything??, but I never did. I pretty much keep to myself, especially living alone. I blocked the whole incident out of mind in fear that I would be ridiculed , laughed at, and be labeled as a weirdo. In the next few days, I happened upon the article in my local newspaper "sightings of Black Hawk helicopters" flying low in our area reported!..was there some military cover up, or flight training...still a mystery.Regardless...something was going on, whether it be due to a UFO chase by military, or whatever. You just don't see military flying here in this small town..period! Research my local papers--you will find it! When I saw that, I started to cry..thank god I'm not the only one who witnessed or heard this.
But I never voiced my opinion, or told anyone what happened..to this day. All I can tell you...something defiantly happened to me, this is not something I dreamed up.I have never recovered medically., and the first opportunity financially, I moved from that house.never to look back. One thing I can tell...this is something I will never forget.
