{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-13 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460848","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100322","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2502,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/848/mufon-5460848.json","updb_database_id":5460848}
{cak} I think I seen the Phoenix Lights Washington State

Hello my name is Randal. In March 1997 I was walking northbound Highway 99 in Lynnwood Washington as I looked to my West I noticed a very large triangle with four lights on either sides moving south towards Seattle. I seen a gentleman standing at a bus stop so I ran to point it out to him. I said to him do you see that in the sky and he said it's a plane. so I said to him again no that is not a plane do you see that in the sky. again he said it was a plane neither time did this gentleman look, I said it to him once more that is not a plane in the sky and he said it is a plane. This gentleman at at 3:30 a.m. or 4 in the morning was wearing a fedora a suit and tie and trench coat with a briefcase all was black he was pale-looking he was wearing glasses. I thought nothing of it at the time because I had never even heard of the Men in Black but years down the road I had heard of them and heard of things they do and this reminded me of this gentleman, anyway. so I started walking down the road backing up to get a better view at the object I could see it clear it was lit up from not only the four lights that were on either side of the triangle object but I could see the surface of it it look like scaffolding like you would see on a crane but on its side it was very large and humungus. I would say hundreds of feet long. I watch the news the next night and there was reports of the Phoenix Lights this was the same object that I had seen in Washington State March of 1997 I have watch the Phoenix Lights video and it is definitely the same object that I seen the Phoenix light video shows a triangle if you look closely it is not a boomerang shape and it is not a disc from the way that it is being seen it looks round but it is not it is a triangle 4 lights on either side. I want to get this out there so people know of what is going on.
