{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-09 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496848","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62531","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4686,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/848/mufon-5496848.json","updb_database_id":5496848}
{nd} Three red lights in triangle formation followed by a helicopter moved in a straight line from east to west near my house.

After driving home I was getting out of my car in my driveway in front of my house in the southeast section of Fort Smith, Arkansas. It was a little before 7:30 pm in the evening and it was dark outside. The sky was clear. 

As I was getting out of my car I heard a helicopter approaching from the distance. Since I live near the Fort Smith Regional Airport I am used to hearing aircraft and did not really think much of it at first. However, as I was getting ready to walk toward my front door I glanced in the direction of the helicopter and noticed it was following (or escorting) three red lights. The lights caught my attention because they did not look like anything I had ever seen flying in the area before. 

The three red lights were flying in perfect formation in the shape of an obtuse triangle. Each of the three red lights appeared to be accompanied by a single much smaller red light. The small lights were each directly behind the large light perhaps off slightly to left. The small lights did not become clearly visible until the large lights were much closer to my location. All together, there was a total of six red lights (3 large lights and 3 small lights). 

At first, I thought the lights were attached to a much larger triangle shaped craft. As the lights passed over my neighborhood a short distance north of my location, I looked to see if I could observe stars through the craft and I could. Therefore, I concluded that the lights were either three small independent craft flying in perfect formation or they were lights attached to a much larger transparent craft equipped with cloaking/stealth technology. If it was a large cloaked triangle shaped craft it would have been about the size of a navy aircraft carrier or a bit larger.

The lights/craft traveled in a straight line from east to west at a moderate speed at a low altitude. A helicopter traveled with the lights a short distance behind the last of the three lights a bit to left of the lights. The helicopter was likely a military helicopter since the local airport is also home to a US Air National Guard base and the Fort Chaffee Maneuver Training Center is only several miles from my house. As the lights/craft passed by I could hear no sound coming from them. The craft(s)were silent. The only sound came from the helicopter traveling behind the lights. 

It could have been my imagination, but it seemed as though there was a slight outline of a giant obtuse triangle shaped craft as the lights moved away from my location toward the lights of the city in the west. The lights definitely moved as if they were attached to a large craft even though I could not see a larger craft directly. I am still unsure whether I saw three small craft or one very large triangle shaped craft equipped with stealth technology. The lights and the helicopter eventually passed out of my field of vision behind the tree line as they traveled west in the direction of the Fort Smith Regional Airport and the Air National Guard base. The entire sighting lasted less than two minutes.

I concede that it is possible the lights could have been military drones, but the lights were constant and did not blink like normal aircraft lights. I grew up in this area and I am used to seeing military aircraft flying around. I have even seen the stealth bomber fly over my house traveling to the national guard base for the local air show. I know what military air craft look like and how they move. The lights I observed did not seem to move like normal aircraft. It is hard to explain, but there was just something different, almost otherworldly about them. 

As the lights moved by my location I experienced the feeling of confusion more than anything else because I did not know what it was I was observing. It was unlike anything I had ever seen before. After the lights moved out of view I experienced the feeling of shock that I might have actually seen a real UFO (or three UFOs).
