{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-11-27 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481061","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/061/mufon-5481061.json","updb_database_id":5481061}
White glowing sphere came from N to S, stopped over building for less than a minute. Slowly moved W and change speed to thounsands of mph. Turned light off.

San Salvador de Jujuy, Argentina, November 27, 2000 around 3:00 AM.

My brother-in-law, his friends and I were spending the night, sitting on one of the San Martin Park's bench. We were 8 in total, but one of his friends was drunk, sleeping inside one of the 3 cars parked in front of us.
We were waiting until morning for the Copa Toyota Libertadores da America. Final match between Spanish Real Madrid and Argentinian Boca Juniors. Soccer is a huge thing in Argentina and everybody was excited about that game. 
We were chatting and having fun all night long. I was the only one quite as I didn't speak good Spanish at the time. I was just looking up at the stars as the sky was clear. We have been there since midnight if I'm not mistaking. Around 3:00 AM a noticed a white sphere coming from North straight to our direction. There were middle and small size buildings in front of us and the park behind our backs. As soon as I saw that light, I immediately start pointing to it and repeating "platillo volador! platillo volador!" (flying saucer in Spanish). I was sure from the beginning it was not an ordinary thing and I didn't think about anything else other than a UFO sighting. 

For a second the guys just look at me and laugh, until they saw it themselves. Now all of us were repeating "platillo volador!" and jumping like crazy. The light stopped just feel feet behind, over the building across the street. However, I am not sure about it's altitude.

It was a "pure" white spherical light. I say "pure" white because I never have seen anything like that before. No blinking lights, no details in it's shape, no color changing. Just a white light, not the same but similar to the fluorescent bulbs. It didn't have any emissions, any light effects or illusions we see when looking at any source of light.

After less than a minute it now started moving slowly in a straight line to the left (West). Just for few seconds. It suddenly and abruptly change it's speed from something around 5 mph to 3000 mph (just guessing). It kept it's speed always moving West in a straight line. We still could see it moving far away, but it just turned the light off.

We were speechless and totally amazed with the experience. Some of the guys said they never believed in UFOs and now we continued talking about the subject for long time.

In the morning we were all at the convenience store at the gas station having our breakfast watching the game which was happening in Tokyo, Japan. At that point, I'm pretty sure they were not thinking about the sighting anymore. I was and I have been thinking about it since them.

Hopefully one day I will have the meanings to travel back in Jujuy with proper equipment and stay as long as it takes to get something on video.

During my stay, but days before the happening, ironically I met a guy who is widely famous in the UFO community for supposedly be contacted by Extra Terrestrial entities. Probably many people reading this, knows whom I'm talking about but I can't tell any names in this post.
