{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-02 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509061","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49383","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2310,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/061/mufon-5509061.json","updb_database_id":5509061}
VIEWED FROM BACK GARDEN DURING THUNDERSTORM

I was in my garden having breakfast sitting at my garden table, watching a spectacular thunderstorm which was passing on my horizon. My view was Westerly. The storm was moving West to East. I was seeing lightning crossing the sky and hearing the rumble of thunder. The storm was not over head but aprox 5-10 miles to my west, and covered the whole horizon.

I am not sure of the exact number, but several airline jets were traveling from West to East and I noticed they were really highlighted by the storm cloud. They all looked very white against the dark sky. The cloud was a very dark grey and a constant grey not light and dark but quite dark grey.
I was watching to see if any lightning struck any of the planes, I never saw any plane struck thank god. As the last plane left my view. To my East from the cloud, dropped a smallish craft which I thought was another aircraft. It dropped from the cloud and hovered for a few seconds just under the cloud To my East. I thought to myself that's strange, no sooner had I thought that It then suddenly moved in a Westerly direction so fast it made me utter something under my breath and with in no more that two seconds it went across my horizon and went up into a hole in the clouds aprox 20 miles from my first sighting. The object appeared white about the size of a small fighter jet it appeared to have a large tail and flatish body. I can only describe it as looking something like a F17 but it was really white especially against the dark grey sky. I couldn't see any detail just the outline. Not sure of the distance from me but a rough guess would be about 10-15 miles. The whole incident was no more that aprox 15-20 seconds.
