{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-30 10:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547061","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18970","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/061/mufon-5547061.json","updb_database_id":5547061}
Hovering object, metallic, accelerated out of sight

1. I was driving from my home to church with my two kids. I had just turned northbound onto Union Rd. from Northgate Blvd. When I first saw it. It was well above the horizon to the north of me, hovering motionless. 
2. The object caught my eye because sunlight was glinting off of it.
3. I don't recall thinking it was anything...by that I mean it didn't look like anything familiar such as an airplane, bird, blimp, balloon or anything else. My only thought was "What the heck is that?"
4. The object was silvery/metallic. Cigar shaped but rounded and tapered at both ends. Sunny cloudless sky. The object was to my north well above the visible horizon, trees, streetlights, etc. Truthfully, I can't say how far off it was. The object could have been small and very close, or huge and very far away. 
The object appeared to be hovering, motionless.
5. I was confused/curious as to what the object was. As I said, it didn't resemble
anything I could chalk it up to. I turned east onto Lathrop Rd. and continued viewing the object out my open left side window, still apparently hovering.
6. This is what weirded me out. It took off to the east in a blur. I mean, it went from completely motionless to moving at a rate of speed I won't even try to estimate. It didn't accelerate like anything I've ever seen. You know, something begins to move and picks up speed at a constant rate. It just took off like a bullet from a complete standstill. Again, it was a blur, heading east and just disappeared in a second. I turned north into my church parking lot and looked around but saw no sign of it. The kids didn't see it. They were spaced off looking in other directions. I never spoke up to point out the object. By the time it occured to me to do so, the object was gone. The whole experience from beginning to end lasted perhaps a minute, maybe two at the most.

 What the heck was that??? I'm a commercial driver. I've spent most of my adult life outside/driving in every concievable weather condition. I'm 38 years old. I've seen odd things in the sky...particularly at night driving through the desert. I've always chalked it up to far off aircraft, meteors, military activity, moonlight on an unusual cloud formation, etc. This was in broad daylight. I'm not crazy. I don't do drugs. I'm not a conspiracy/UFO nut. All I'm saying is I saw something utterly inexplicable. It bugs me...
