{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530061","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3882,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/061/mufon-5530061.json","updb_database_id":5530061}
Multiple multicolored light-spheres hovering low and very near.

The event date is a approximation only. I guess I must have been between 10 and 15 years young back then. I am now 32 years of age.

Ok, this story has been nagging me for many years, that is why I have not really told anyone. 

One night I woke up in the middle of the night, and I got up to go into the kitchen to get myself some fresh water to drink from the sink in the kitchen on the second floor of our house. I hopped on the kitchen table that was beside the big kitchen window in order to get a better view out of the window. I had a habit of watching the stars out of that particular window quite frequently when beeing dark outside. 
So I gazed at the stars when I started to see some lights rising on the horizon of our small mountainous terrain here. The lights quickly grew to light-spheres while coming down from the top of the little mountain that was straight ahead of the window. They were moving in a straight decending line directly towards our house, keeping rather near to the ground at all times and very very fast. So fast that for a moment I even feared they would crush into our house. In a splitsecond they stopped dead ahead of the kitchen window at only a few, maybe 3 to 5 meters away. The whole travel could not have lasted more then 3-4 seconds in total. I just checked from Google Earth that the top of the mountain is approx. 500m bird-line from our house, high-differential of maybe 100 meters. 
Now I could see the orbs / spheres very clearly. There were maybe 5-7 of them, each one kind of translucient, still radiating a quite strong light. Each one in a different color: blue, orange, red, purple, yellow, almost like a rainbow. The colored light seemed the come from the spheres outer shell only, beeing unevenly distributed. Kind of like the soap-bubbles having this kind of oily, uneven texture. The texture now only beeing unevenly distrubuted patters of light. The spheres must have been about 1/2 to 2 meters in diameter.
For a few seconds the spheres where hovering still before my window. Then they started to move again, spinning around our house, light sipping in from the different windows in the different rooms. That stopped my "paralysis" and got me scared and paniced, as I realized that I was alone at home that night, my parents attending some party. I started running around eratically around the house (of that I am sure), I think I might also have screamed. I was really really scared and I don't remeber having any clear thought in that moments. 
I do not really remember anything after this, not how or when calming down, going to bed, etc. Afterwards luckily I've never been dreaming about this event, but it is still partly very clear in my mind.
If anyone has experienced or seen something similar I would really love you to contact me under *(Wit's email address deleted)--SGonzalez/CMS).

Althoug having this experience and nowadays additionally knowing also about 2 relatives having experienced one event together, although not knowing the other experienced the same event also, I have to say that I want to be sceptic. As an adult I need to see some hard evidence.

Please feel free to contact me under *(Wit's email address deleted--SGonzalez/CMS). I will respond.
