{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-11-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489061","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70573","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2933,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/061/mufon-5489061.json","updb_database_id":5489061}
{cak} Large silent craft with windows seen at close range

On November 28, 1985 I was near Buckeye, WV getting ready to go caving the next day with a caving club from Pennsylvania. The evening was clear, cool, and calm. Around 10 PM several club members (including me) were standing in the parking lot of Graham's Motel along Route 219 just north of Buckeye, WV. We noticed a large object slowly move from north to south
down the Greenbrier River valley. It made no sound. The nearest large airport was about 70 miles to the south. Based on a topographic map that I had with me, I estimated that the object was 1,500 feet from us. The angular size of the object was about the width of my hand at arms length which is about 10 degrees (the width of 20 full moons end to end). I later calculated the size of the object to be approximately 275 feet in length. Based on its vertical distance in the sky (15 degrees), I later estimated that the object was approximately 400 feet above the river valley. We watched it for about one minute as it glided south down the river valley. When the object moved to where the river valley narrowed and the surrounding hills became higher, the object tilted upward and went over a ridge not to be seen again. We watched it cover a distance of 1.5 miles in approximately one minute (speed approximately 90 mph). The object appeared to be either cylindrical or rectangular. The object had white lights along its side and back. My first impression was that the white light was coming from windows and were not lights attached to the object. The light coming from the windows was quite bright but not blinding. It was the purest white light I had ever seen. We were a group of credible people who have just seen something incredible. What was odd was just after the sighting we simply went back to our rooms without saying anything. No one in the club talked about it that weekend or ever again. It was as if we were controlled from a distance not to remember what we had seen. I never really thought much or told anyone about the incident until 19 years later. I am currently a FI for MUFON and recently felt a conviction to report the sighting. This is the only sighting that I have ever had in my life. I am currently attempting to contact some of the witnesses who shared this sighting with me 30 years ago.
