{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-15 13:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502061","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56960","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3310,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/061/mufon-5502061.json","updb_database_id":5502061}
{cak} objects rose above the nearby roof in horizonatal line, hovered then began to rise and fall made various patterns then were gone

on the afternoon of a fundraiser i was in the parking lot of a business where a fundraiser car wash and bbq was taking place. several bands were playing during the day. it was very hot with direct sun over head. most of us were against a wall that provided a small amount of shade. while watching a band playing to my right i noticed several objects (7) rising above the buildings roof. they looked like pearls, slightly elongated at the bottom. the tops were clearly solid and pearly colored silver grey and like a hard surface. the bottom looked slightly darker grey and unusual. they rose slowly a little uneven but overall at the same rate. i watched them for several moments but they didnt seem to be moving. so i watched the band for a couple moments and looked again and they had changed their positions. some at the same place some had risen to make a zig zag dot pattern. i looked at them more closely. they were not moving but had moved. they still looked the same a pearl white on top then a bit of silver grey on the sides and then turning darker grey for the final third of the bottom. i began to seriously think what could they be? i was analizing everything i felt they could be. balloons? no too stationary even though some had changed position some didnt if balloons they would floated away or all risen together they were pretty much evenly spaced and not moving. another song started so i watched for a couple minutes more and when i looked again they had risen higher some lower than the others some much higher still evenly spaced. the pattern looked something like the little dipper. they were NOT moving but moved when my attention was diverted. i looked away again after a minute or two and looked back and now they had changed again to a bigger formation like the big dipper( im no expert on the dippers but thats what they looked like to me) i had my phone with me for once but with no sd card for it my memory was full. so i had to delete two pics to free up the space. i took the two pics and went back to watching the show after a minute or two more i looked again and they were gone. i stepped out into the drive way and could see a 360 field of view . they were instantly gone from the entire sky. interesting to note that the photos show roundish white puffy cloud like objects and a strange black object that was not visible to the eye
