{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495061","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64387","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6025,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/061/mufon-5495061.json","updb_database_id":5495061}
{dr}UFO appeared to be attempting to land within a circular grove of trees in my parent's backyard. It descended and hovered no more than 8ft from the ground.

It was the summer of 1969. I was 14 years old and me and a friend had just returned to my parent's house with my aunt, who also resided at this residence. My aunt parked in the driveway near the backyard and the first thing to catch our eye, among the circular grove of trees, was thousands of lightning bugs. Looking around, we noted that there were no lightning bugs anywhere else, only in our backyard. It looked like a light show of twinkling Christmas lights. But I did find it strange that the lightning bugs were only congregating in our backyard and nowhere else. My friend and I hadn't caught lightning bugs in a couple of years. Afterall, we were 14. But seeing this light spectacle, made us run in the house, grab a couple of jars, poke holes in the top, and run to the backyard. My aunt stayed in the house to watch television with my mother and father. My friend and I began crawling around the backyard, scooping lightning bugs into our jars. In less than 5 minutes, I must have had a hundred lightning bugs in my jar. I stood up, and held my jar up in the air to look at it because it was glowing like a bright greenish lantern. However, when I looked up, I saw a dark, disc shaped object, with flashing lights spinning around it. It was approximately 100 ft. above my head at the time but, appeared to be slowly and silently descending. The glow of lights on the disc, did not cast light or shadows on the ground, even though they were brightly lit. The color and glow of the lights on the disc, very much resembled the glow of the lightning bugs. And, the thousands of lightning bugs that had been there moments before, were now gone. When I saw the disc silently descending, my first thought was "Oh my God! It's a flying saucer". I was 14 and not frightened at all. But, when I told my friend to look up, she had the opposite reaction. She began to scream. She flapped her arms, and threw herself on the ground, crying. I began loudly yelling for my mother and father; I wanted them to see this. Strangely, it was a hot summer night, our neighbors were close by, all their windows were open, and yet no one responded to the loud commotion we were making. Only my mother emerged from our house. The first words out of her mouth were, "Oh my God"! She began calling for my father and aunt to come out but they never did. The three of us stood and watched the silent, glowing disc descend from about 100 ft, to no more than 8ft above our heads. My mother realized that my friend and I were still directly below the disc. She told me later that she feared that the disc might have been there to abduct us. My mother began shouting to us from the driveway. She said, "I think it's trying to land. It can't land with you two right under it so, back up so it can land". My friend and I backed up, and the disc descended a couple more feet like it was going to land but it didn't. It hovered silently for over 15 mins. My friend was still in a panic, face down on the ground, not looking. My mother and I were curious and intrigued. We tried to peer beyond the windows of the disc to see inside but all we could see were a couple of dark figures. The figures were either wearing helmets or had huge heads but we could only see them in shadow-like form. At this point we, including the disc, were all silent, anticipating what would happen next....hoping something remarkable would happen. But, after hovering for about 15 mins., the disc began to ascend, slowly and silently. When it reached approximately 100 ft in the air, it suddenly shot straight up into the sky, until it was just a tiny ball of light no bigger than a star. We then watched it leave the sky, in what I call start/stop movements because it would fly/stop, fly/stop. It changed direction several times after a stop but, it always flew straight, never in a curve or arc....just straight. It was gone from the sky in less than 3 seconds. I am not sure how fast it was travelling to leave our sight in less than 3 seconds. I did know, even then, that I had never seen anything travel that fast in our world. My mother's comment then was, "They came from far beyond this world". After we lost sight of the disc, we ran in the house to see why my father and my aunt had refused to come outside. They sat staring at the television, and the only answer they gave was, "I don't know", in unison. My friend, on the other hand, who was obviously traumatized began saying that she saw nothing. She never again, to this day, admitted witnessing the most fantastic thing that my mother and I had ever seen. We never reported what we saw but, the day after we saw the flying disc, we saw a small article in our local paper that stated that someone reported seeing an object fly overhead, extremely fast.They also noted the start/stop movements, and the fact that it would change direction. My mother is 97 years old now and still sharp as a tack but, sadly, we never got to tell our story to anyone who cared. My mother and I have talked about what we witnessed at least once a week for the past 46 yrs. It has NEVER left our mind for even a moment. I just wish we could tell our story while I still have my mother to back up the details. I hate to see a remarkable but true story, lost to history.
