Case No. 1771 06042022

Date: January 26, 2022.

Approximate Time: 14:54 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: A. E. M., 44 years old.

Description: The informant reported having photographed what he considered an
aerial anomaly at the Puclaro Reservoir, in the Elqui Valley, in the Coquimbo
Region, at 14:54 hours on January 26, 2022.

What was reported was described as amorphous, without specifying size and stating
that it was a "dark object." Although it was only perceived upon reviewing a
In the photograph, the user indicated that there was a witness and that this appeared to the east of his position, not stating where it had disappeared to.

The informant then wrote (sic): “I am an advertising photographer. I was taking pictures of cyclists climbing the hill and saw something strange when I was revealing the images on my computer. I didn't see anything while focusing with my view from the camera. What catches my attention is that the dark object next to the white water source..."
Blurry due to motion and also due to focal distance. The exit data are:
ISO 200 17mm f/6.3 1/600”.

Along with the report, a file in JPG format was uploaded.

The user's location was georeferenced using coordinates corresponding to the northeast shore of the Puclaro reservoir. (Figure 1)

Figure 1

Initially, SEFAA received a JPG file whose data showed that it had been edited using Adobe Photoshop 2020 software for Windows,
So it was insisted on having the original document. It was a file in the Canon cameras RAW format with the name IMG_3889.CR2 and corresponds to what is shown in Figure 2.
According to the file data, the photograph was captured at 16:54:35 hours on January 26, 2022 using a Canon model EOS Rebel T3i camera and a Sigma 17-70mm f/2.8-4 DC Macro OS HSM|C lens. The aperture
it was at its maximum, the shutter speed was 1/1625 and the system of
Automatic focus operated by averaging the measurements it made in the interval of 3.45 to 4.97 meters.

Figure 1. Image 1771-1. What was reported is indicated with a yellow arrow.

The analyses carried out using computer programs demonstrated that it was not digitally altered.

Figure 3 shows two approaches to what was reported, as seen directly (a) and after applying a blue filter to the photograph (b). Since the shot was taken at 1/1625 of a second, the blurring of the figure is not attributable
Both the speed of flight of the object, as well as its proximity to the camera that captured it. According to the information contained in the file, this distance was less than 1.53 meters, and since it was not seen directly while taking the shot, it would be a small object.

FIGURE 3

All of the above regarding the image, along with the fact that the reported event occurred in the summer in an area with continuous water presence and that the visible track
Out of focus is similar to that left by insects of the genus Odonata, leading to
considering it a dragonfly in flight.

Although the characteristics of the image do not allow for further approximation in
identification, there is a high probability that it is an adult specimen of the genus
Aeshna sp of said insect.

Images: The witness sent a photograph in original CR2 format, attached below:

Conclusion: Analysis of the testimony and results of the studies
The geographic, biotic conditions of the sighting location, forensic, and photographic evidence allow us to indicate that a photograph captured the fleeting flight of an insect that flew near the photographic equipment used to capture it.

The insect was identified as a dragonfly, very likely a specimen of the genus *Aeshna* sp.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained."
