{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-25 23:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481328","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78692","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/328/mufon-5481328.json","updb_database_id":5481328}
{rjl} Ufo came from the stars died down into our atmosphere atbtremendas speed and projected a brilliant glowing static looking beam at me

It just got done thunder and lightning over tonawanda ny. When the storm was over I went outside to look in the sky like I do every evening now. As soon as I looked up there were ufos everywere flying around it was like they were charging there crafts with the lightning g from the storm. On one particular ufo that was traveling overhead I looked right threw it and wished it down towards me. Sort of telapathically. And as soon as I did it this thing was as high as the stars and it died downward at a tremendous speed and entered earth's atmosphere. It keeper ed aproaching me closer and closer and it's glowing got brighter and brighter and then it turned the most beautiful light beam on my eyes every seen right down on the ground in front of me then it started traveling north at a very low rate of speed. When it got pretty high in the sky again it projected out another craft it was smaller and the light was dimmer and this smaller craft just kept flying around the bigger craft like it was guarding it. And then all of a suddan both lights just went out at the same time on both crafts and I seen a black streak across the sky and they were gone just like that. I dident think that summoning ufos would actually work but it really dod. I've been seeing alot of ufo traffic latley. I think it has something to do with the approaching planet called nibiru aka planet x aka wormwood. Any year now this planet is gonna reek havoc on earth and kill alot of people I think that the riticuli and the orion or nordics. Are preparing to save alot of us that are pure of heart and love and true believers and take us out of harms way to another habitable planet. But that's just my theory. This wasn't a plane or a drone or a helicopter this was a triangular orientation space craft that I seen I don't care if no one believes me. I no what I saw. I'll keep u posted on more updates as they come thank u
