{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-29 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478328","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81803","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2990,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/328/mufon-5478328.json","updb_database_id":5478328}
{jpg} Saw 2 glowing objects flying East at high altitude. Objects were flying at very high speed and were completely silent.

At approximately 7:20pm, my wife and I noticed a red/yellow-orange glowing object flying from the NW from our present viewing position moving E/NE. My wife said, "What's that"! I said, "I don't know". I had been watching it before she noticed it as I was trying to determine what it was for myself. My wife went inside with our son and I was about to write it off as another airplane but decided to keep watching it just for the heck of it. The first thing I noticed was it's unusual illuminated color, and I didn't notice any strobe or marking lights like I'd seen on planes flying in the area many times before. Then I noticed how fast it was flying which then lead me to see how high it was flying as well! I thought it might be a satellite but it was much too dim to be one of those. The object moved in, what seemed to be, a perfectly straight trajectory from the NW to the NE. Not much else was noticed about the object at this time. Then another, very-bright, object appeared suddenly out of nowhere!! Well that really got my attention!!! This object appeared to be flying in the same, perfectly straight, trajectory as the other object. It got even brighter, much like the sun or a star, and then pulsed a couple of times between bright and dim before completely disappearing! I tried to see if I could locate it visually but the object could not be found. I quickly looked for the previous object and much to my amazement it was still within view. Not much had changed with this object but I continued to watch it anyway. At the approximate location where the second object disappeared, this object started getting brighter and pulsing as well!! It too soon disappeared! I looked vigorously to see if it had been blocked by a tree or something but to no avail. The object was simply gone! It was then that I knew, or at least believed, that I had witnessed 2 UFO's. Their illumination, flight path, and supernatural behavior is what has lead me to this conclusion. I am not writing this report to be right. I am simply sharing my experience with others who may be able to help me understand what I saw. I would not be offended it I was proved wrong, but I would like for this to be done scientifically if at all possible. Thank you for reading my eyewitness account.
