{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-12-13 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282328","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/328/mufon-5282328.json","updb_database_id":5282328}
Singular Vehicle, seems to observe directly into my widow 50-70ft away

I no longer live at the location now, but to put into a better context of the setting for the reader, I will explain the setting aspect first. I grew up in a ranch style house across from a 12 acre beef cow farm in North Grosvenordale, A village of Thompson, Connecticut for 18 years of my life. It is a small Town, known locally as "The Quiet Corner". I have had no medical or psychological problems in the past or present and consider myself of sound-minded and healthy. I am also a multi-instrumentalist since the age of 3 giving me memory that is better than most people. This is the only time I have witnessed something of this nature whilst in Connecticut. To start things off, I was 8 years old. As most young kids do, I would stay up past my bedtime most nights. I would spend time thinking about the day or play on my gameboy. On this particular night, I was sitting up in bed, in the dark, thinking about school the next day. My curfew was at 8:00pm so the eventual point of the sighting it must have been anywhere between 8:30 to 9:30pm. The thing that caught my attention and got me to first look out of my bedroom window was an ominous white light that shown in through the glass. It was intense and far more bright than I ever seen the Moon`s light look before. I could see this light on my windowsill and walls of my room. I instantly jumped out of bed to see where the light was coming from because I knew something was not right with the situation. As I shift my focus to looking outside, my eyes are greeted with a saucer shaped object that is hovering within very close proximity to the house. It was about 50-100 ft away from my house hovering near the old willow tree in my back yard. It was about 25 to 45ft up off of the ground. It was high enough to be window-level but still looking down slightly. I felt as if it was trying to look inside the house with this strange light and observe. I watched for 1-3 minutes with my eye barely poking around the trim to my window. Its saucer shape had no hard edges or markings, yet it did have distinct angles and design which had a sleek modern simplistic art look. I would guess that size of the ufo was about the size of a trash disposal truck or a small personal plane. It was reflective like a super-mirror and had a glow around it from the full moon shinning on the metal. It hurt my eyes to look at it the same way it does when you go out into the snow on a sunny day. But it was not unbearably bright to the point where I could not make things out. The craft had no windows that I could see. It seemed like a closed off ship that was very metallic and chrome-like. And it hovered stationary and perfectly still, with no bobbing around. It seemed focused on the house. It also remained perfectly silent, with no hum or engine noise. After the 1-3 minutes of me observing it I feel that the ufo noticed that I could see it and left the area. The ufo leaving is very interesting to me because when it did "leave" it, basically, turned invisible where I could still see that it was there, but just ever so slightly. The only thing that I can think that resembles this effect is the Invisibility ability in the Halo video game franchise. It cloaked itself and slowly drifted away towards the tree line in my backyard. I sat back down on my bed after it left, shaken, and could not fall asleep afterwards. There was a Strange effect that looking at it had on me. It felt psychological. It felt like time had slowed, and I felt as if I was hypnotized. What I mean by this is that I almost felt out of control. As if I was unable to look away or yell for help.
