{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-29 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494328","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65150","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4235,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/328/mufon-5494328.json","updb_database_id":5494328}
{dr}Was looking at the moon with binoculars and taking pictures of it when noticed a stationary star near moon view started moving.

It was about 10:15 at night on Wednesday April 29, 2015. I had taken my dog just outside my front patio and noticed a large glowing ring around the moon. I thought it was pretty so I grabbed my binoculars and cell phone to observe it closer and try to capture the glowing ring around the moon with my camera. 

As I was looking through the binoculars, I thought I kept seeing a tiny flash of light in my view lens. But I saw a star near the moon so thought nothing of it. I took out my camera and started taking pictures of the moon to capture the rings around it. The ring around the moon wasn't showing up on my pictures which was disappointing. But, as I was snapping pictures I saw the previously stationary star start to move slowly towards the moon! So, of course I started snapping pictures of it! (See time frame pics and video). Now, this pulsating star like object was too far up in the sky to be a plane or helicopter in my opinion. (And there was no sound- it was too far up! (Note though, in the video, that the sound you hear is running water from a neighbors house. However, there is a whirring sound in the video- I don't know what it is or how it got in my video.) 

The "stars" flight pattern did not at all match that of an airplane or satellite. It moved towards the moon, then away from the moon at an angle or new trajectory, then moved closer in altitude towards earth (me). In the video, you can see where it comes nearer me and gets out of focus, as the video camera could not auto focus on it quick enough! At this point, I lowered my camera to look at it, as I knew it was closer, yet still way up there, but could not find it! I suddenly felt a little strange inside, and immediately went back in the house. I cannot explain why I didn't stay outside, as I've seen a day time orb over my house and daytime multiple ufos Far up above Thousand Oaks this year before without any negative feelings attached, - just excitement and awe. 

The following day, I was not surprised to see a black helicopter and small white plane flying around. I have seen both aircraft following my sitings in the area before. (Which is weird because I never reported the other sitings and assumed nobody else had either.)

Looking south from my front Pateo, I can see the Santa Monica mountain range (a mile south). And in a straight line further south is the coast of Malibu. There is a lot of air traffic here, so I am familiar with what planes look like in the day and night sky. 

I zoomed in on a couple of my photos and applied filters to the images to try to enhance the "star ufo". The zoomed image looks capsule or bell shaped maybe. 
Incidentally, my dog didn't want to hang outside with me that night and immediately ran inside after doing her business.
