{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-23 03:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473328","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2924,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/328/mufon-5473328.json","updb_database_id":5473328}
Hovering light

I didn't witness this myself as I am submitting this for a friend.

He and his father were hunting in a remote area of northern Canada. They had a hunter's camera set up for assessing game.
The camera is motion actuated and takes three pictures a minute when it detects movement.

The camera took the pictures of the strange lights in the night. Please note that the AM and PM settings were reversed by the owner when setting time; however it is obvious wether it's day or night :-). Also the date setting is 3 days behind.

I have included the images taken before and after the lights sequence. You can see that the lights are situated in the sky portion of the image, and that the landscape has not moved so there was no camera movement - that would rule out traces made by the moon on a moving camera. The camera was affixed to a post. The light were sufficiently bright to illuminate trees in the landscape, and we can see that the trees are not moving so there was no camera movement in the night sequence as well. I have no information wether it was a full moon or not.

Although they didn't witness the object, the father did see a bright light in the night when he momentarily woke up during the night. Another unrelated person who was in the area that week end also reported seeing a bright light in the sky.

Here's coordinates of the area where the pictures were taken:
50.2437187,-71.023278

Although I do believe we are not alone in the universe, as it is a statistical impossibility, I must admit personnaly I am a bit squeptical about UFO sightings. However in that case I fail to have an explication for these light traces. I don't believe a firefly could have made these. Perhaps you have already seen similar things and have an explanation, so what do you make of this?

Thanks,
Joris in Quebec, Canada
