{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-03-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492328","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67218","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/328/mufon-5492328.json","updb_database_id":5492328}
{rjl} Chrome triangle, white light in each corner.

I was sitting on my back porch playing guitar. The first week of March was really warm that year. Out of no where a chrome triangle shaped craft with three bright lights in each corner appeared. It was flying in a straight line due North. I appeared for several seconds then disappeared, then reapeared about about 30 feet further North for a few more seconds and the disappeared again. At that point I ran inside and grabbed my video camera, then came back outside in an attempt to film it. Unfortionately, I did not witness it again that night, or any other night since. The craft seemed to be made out of stainless steel, chrome or mercury. It appeared more like mercury then anything else. It was like the craft emitted light and reflected it at the same time. I would say that it was no higher than 800 feet. I can only guess the size of the craft because I'm not sure how far away it really was, but I would say each side of the craft was at least 90 feet long. It was a perfct triangle. The shape can only be compaired to the triangle thing you set the balls with when playing pool. I did have my video camera on and filming an empty sky for about an hour. Like I said I did not see it again so I did not catch any visual evidence. However, my video camera was making a wierd noise that I have never heard it do before or sence. It was a high frequency electronic sound, hard to explain. When I reviewed the film a few days later I realized that the recording had clicks or taps in the audio in the same spot of the film that I heard the high pitched noise when I was filming. I thought maybe it is Morrase code or something so I downloading free Morrase code decoding software and Looped back the audio of the film through the software. When the tapping started on the recording the software picked up letters. When the recording was over I ended up with about a paragraph worth of radom letters that I could not make any sense of.
