{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-13 23:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499328","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59811","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/328/mufon-5499328.json","updb_database_id":5499328}
{cak} Was at drive in, screen 3, saw bright, round white light, turned sharply, disappeared

We were at evergreen drive in, mt pleasant pa, screen 3. I looked out the windshield and noticed what I thought at first was a helicopter. It was cold but we had both side windows down. I didn't hear a helicopter or anything else besides the movie. It seemed right above an odd shaped treetop, like a kidney bean shape top. As I was watching it it turned sharply, no other lights only the bright white light. Then it seemed to blink out and disappear. I also didn't notice a beam of light such as what a helicopter search light would cast. It was like the moon, just glowing, but very bright. I believe it was between countryside plaza and the trees outside the perimeter of evergreen. I didn't notice any light on anything below it, and it was so quick I can't be sure of the exact location, only where it was in relation to the treetop.  There is a dip on the treetop, a bend, it was in the crook of the upswing of that bend when I noticed it and towards the crook of the much smaller bend when it vanished. After it disappeared I was very shocked and excited and slapped my husband and said, "did you just see that? Please say you saw that!" He said he hadn't. Then asked me what I saw, which I explained it to him. I would've just wrote it off as a plane or copter, but it turned so sharply and stayed in the same path, then disappeared, so I truly don't believe it was a plane or copter. When it turned, the light stayed steady, didn't dip or point down or up. I'm still shocked and I've been trying to think of what I saw. I've seen lots of shooting stars there, but those go totally straight and sort of fizzle, this was solid, turned steady and sharply and poof, it was gone. I scanned the skies but didn't see anything else.
