{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500328","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58781","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/328/mufon-5500328.json","updb_database_id":5500328}
Five orbs hover over lake for 5 minutes and then fly off in staight line formation like canada geese.

We were playing cards 11 pm July 25th, 2009 at our lake lot on Moyie Lake, 15 minutes south of Cranbrook,BC,Canada. Out of the sky, decending down like ducks landing on a pond appeared 5 bright yellow-orange orbs. They appeared like huge falling stars or meteors that were going to crash on top of us.(I thought it was armagedon) The whole lake lit up bright. Then they just stopped and hovered a couple hundred feet over the lake for 5-10 minutes.

Initially they hovered about 500-1000 yards from our campsite. After a couple minutes one of the orbs flew adjacent to our site, over the provincial park about tree top height and 100=300 feet from our trailer. It was much less luminent than when coming out of the sky but still of average brightness. It looked to be about 10 feet in diameter with a filament of light looking shape inside the orb like a incandecent light bulb. The orb stopped across from us,hovered for 30 seconds and dimmed down like you would dim lights in your dining room. As it started to move away to the NE it got bright again. It then slowly moved away in the direction of Kimberly. A minute later, the second orb did exactly the same as the first, stopping, dimming and slowly moved off to catch the first one. Then two came together following then same procedure as the first two. The final orb hovered over the lake while the others moved in single file away about 5 miles.  The final orb finally passed by our site but for a very short time. He dimmed up and down quickly and then as fast as you can snap your fingers it was gone and quickly in line with the others. I'd guess it traveled about 5 miles in around one second.

During the whole time watching this event none of us felt scared. We talked about it after and it was more a feeling of aweness. We initally were startled when they came out of the sky but as the orbs passed by our site we all felt calm. This was the most extraordinary experience of my life.
