{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-23 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506773","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51980","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2851,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/773/mufon-5506773.json","updb_database_id":5506773}
{kt}Saw small

Information entered by Mufon Field Investigator. Witness wants to remain anonymous. Witness was leaving his job and heading to a friends house when he felt a warmth in his head and a voice that told him to go to his parents home. He arrived at his parents home around 3:30am. As he pulled up to the driveway he noticed that the driveway light had just turned off like someone had been there. The home is located on a wooded light with no neighbors nearby. As he got out of his car he heard a metalic sound like something hit a rock. In the home he heard the dogs barking frantically. He looked out a small, open window and saw two red orbs. Each contained a small "Gray" creature about 3 1/2 to 4 feet tall. As he watched he saw about 2 to 4 shadows between the orbs and his window. They seemed to be about 6 feet high. They were making bliping noise as if they were speaking to each other. He felt they were trying to get into the house through the opened window. He grabbed a stoker rod from the fireplace and went outside to chase them away. He remembers turning the corner of the house and then "waking" with the stoker lying on the ground next to him. He said that he lost about 1 to 2 hours of his memory. His mind was all messed up like he had been on anesthesia. Also his right foot which was broken some time before the incident was now healed but now his left leg hurt. He also notice the his clothes were not on him right...like they were remove and put back on wrong. He felt very disoriented and exhausted. He felt he could not make it back to the house so he sat in his car for a couple of hours until his mom came out to walk the dogs in the morning. He told her what had happened. The witness has dreams. Since he was around 18 everything has a 31 in it1all his passwords, etc. This happened on his 31st birthday. He always had dreams since he was 18 where it was things he never knew about like Quantum Physics, Einstein1s theories, time and space were 3 dimensional, Unified Field Theory. He would wake up and write them down and then look them up and verified what he had dreamt. Witness feels he has been observed for many years but only while at his parents home. He found out later that his Stepfather also had visits.
