{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-15 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291773","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2896,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/773/mufon-5291773.json","updb_database_id":5291773}
Glowing orange light {forms out of no where in the sky directly above me in my view. It looked like a miniature version of the sun, scaled down about 1/6}. - {djs}

I was about 14 years old when this incident happens. Before we got into our party phase, so our minds were still clear. I was on a bike ride with 3 other friends when they took off and left me as a joke. I turned around and went to my friends house that we were staying at. I decided to go on a walk by myself around the neighborhood. It was spooky already as it was just before sundown and I was alone. The first weird thing I noticed was every single dog in the neighborhood was barking non stop. That is what got my attention, I’m thinking... what’s up with that, they never act like that. Mind you I’ve been in this neighborhood most of my life. So I’m a little spooked, but I keep walking. I decide to look at the sky, cause the stars were starting to come out and I love the cosmos. All of the sudden, a orange glowing ball of light forms out of no where in the sky directly above me in my view. It looked like a miniature version of the sun, scaled down about 1/6. It was way to big to be a star or any type of human craft and not to mention, it formed out of no where like it stopped its cloaking technology. It sat still for about 30 seconds before it started to slowly descend downward. By this time, the dogs are going even more nuts, I know that dogs can see different frequencies than humans. And so I start running to it, to see if I can see where it’s landing. It looked as if it was going to land right in our neighborhood. I was terrified of the scenario, but I wanted to see what it was. Finally, one of my friends that left me on the bike ride had called me frantically and asked if I was seeing the same thing. I said yes and he told me to meet back up at our buddies house. So I ran to his house and we meet there at the same time and we look at the light in the back yard and see it finally going down past the neighborhood treeline. We decided to go look for it, but we never found any type of evidence that it landed. It was truly an amazing experience as all 3 of my friends who do not want to be named, were skeptics. After that day, they all believed in ufos and aliens. I’ll never forget it.
