{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-14 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286773","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4478,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/773/mufon-5286773.json","updb_database_id":5286773}
Black silent spherical object, no sound or lights, seen in early evening against blue sky approximately 20 feet in diameter rise from behind pumphouse

On June 14th at about 7 pm I was walking my two dogs, a 12 y/o pointer and a 4 y/o huskie near my house as I always do at this time of the day. I live on a street that is fairly rural in a gated community. Behind my house is forest. Approximately 100 feet from my house is a dead end street that leads to a community pump house approximately 50 yards down from the main road and ends in a dead end with green belt forest behind it. The building is approximately 20 feet wide by 20 feet long totaling 400 square feet. It is one story tall wood frame about 15 feet tall. Behind it is an open area covered in straw approximately the same size as the building. A rolled up cyclone fence is directly behind the building and then nothing but straw until you reach the forest line which is another 15 feet or so. The area is surrounded by very tall black elm trees about 80 feet tall. To the right of the pump house when looking from the main road (Farrier Lane) are elevated power cables. Approximately 4 cables on poles going north to south on the right side of the building about 10 feet east of the building. There is a small opening in the trees right behind the pump house. One of the trees is dead and has its leaves on it also dead. 
My pointer became hyper aware of something from my position while my young huskie was too absorbed to notice. The pointer began to stare at the pump house as if hyper alert and still. 
Just then I noticed what seemed to be a shadow rising behind the pumphouse. It began as a black semi-circle approximately the same width as the pumphouse. It rose slowly like a balloon. Not rushed. But it was the same width as the house almost exactly at 20 feet wide. As it leisurely rose it assumed the form of a sphere 20 feet wide by twenty feet tall. It was black against the trees and the blue sky and slowly rose through what seemed to be the only opening in the trees. When it just about cleared the tree line it began to move away from me in a southernly direction leisurely. No one has balloons launching here nor would anyone have anything so large. It moved away from me slowly until it was lost behind the trees. 
I wrote about my experience several days later on my community webpage for people interested in UFOs and and Astronomy. On 6/29 Bob Spearing, the administrator of the Facebook group page contacted me and we met on the morning of 6/30 about 11:30 a.m. with a friend of his. He belongs to MUFON as an investigator. I am also a member of MUFON. 
Mr. Spearing had an EMF Meter and a Radiation Meter. Everything was normal in the EMF and Microwave scale as well as the radiation meter which registered under 65 clicks per minute. 
Precisely where the object rose there was a dead tree, very mature, with dried leaves on it in an otherwise healthy forest. 
Also, at the time we met there were two employees from the community (Hemlock Farms) water department doing an inspection. A fellow named Tom engaged us and was very interested. He said his team had never experienced anything unusual inside the building concerning its instruments nor outside. He advised that due to teen drinking in the remote locations the community's public safety department conducted hourly rounds at the location every hour from dusk until dawn and may have more info. 
One additional comment about the building. There is a power company meter outside on the wall of the building. When the EMF meter was put near it the meter went off the scale. Otherwise all reading by Mr. Spearing were normal. 
Mr. Spearing advised me he is going to take two soil samples. One from the target area and one from 50 feet away so that they can be tested. 
He also provided me several photos to upload to the report.
