{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-11 15:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284773","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118641","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5759,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/773/mufon-5284773.json","updb_database_id":5284773}
Off white/white in color, tic-tac/round shape.. hovered directly overhead

Off white/white colored tic-tac/round shaped object, clearly a solid object hovered directly overhead at about 90°, at an estimated altitude of 6,000-7,000 feet. Maintained exact position in sky while it drifted VERY slowly off to the Eastern horizon, before my view was blocked by trees across the street at approximately 25°-35° level of the eastern horizon. 

I will start by saying, (at risk of being ridiculed I know) that my roommate and I were both in an inpatient drug treatment program at the time of this experience, which is why we didn't have our phones to take any possible pictures. So while some might view this fact as a knock on my credibility, what it means in reality is that both my roommate and I were completely sober and had been at this point for 6 weeks. So digest that info however you want.

What's so odd about this experience, is that I was getting to know my roommate in the days leading up to this experience, and had specifically expressed my beliefs of unknown craft/life forms visiting our planet (the whole UFO situation). In getting to know each other, conversations often returned to this topic. Partially because my roommate also shared similar views. All he would really tell me was that he and his wife see things all of the time, and thoroughly validated my beliefs. To be totally honest, he was a little rough around the edges and to begin with, some might not have much faith in him, but I can assure you that he is a good and honest man, and both him and I practice rigorous honesty on a daily basis 

So here we are no more than two or three days after our last conversation, it's about 3:00 p.m. and I'm on the couch working on some homework, and I think my roommate was outside smoking. He just calmly opens the front door and says hey come out here real quick.. I hesitated and he reassured me, and again asked me to just come outside real quick. 

We walk off to the side of the house in the grass and he just points up and said "tell me what that is". After about 30 seconds of observing, I realized that I was looking at UAP/UFO. 
Again the object was fairly high in elevation so without binoculars it appeared just barely out of focus from how far away we were.

What could be determined was that it was a solid object, and it was perfectly still in the sky. So still, that it took about 15 to 20 minutes for the object to slowly "drift" from overhead to the east, before being obscured by some 60-70 foot trees across the street.

What I can tell you is that I was not scared at all. I had an overwhelming feeling that I was supposed to be seeing what I was seeing and that the object was presenting itself deliberately, to be seen. I also felt that it was of no threat, and was probably to contrary. I did absolutely get the feeling that it was observing.. SOMETHING. Observing what?? I don't know, but from it's position, it had a view of the entire Salt Lake City from where it was hovering.

I am an avid aviation enthusiast, but in general I know that airplanes have wings and can't hover in one spot, unless it is an f35, Harrier or Osprey. Helicopters can hover like that but make lots of noise, even at that elevation. And they aren't round in shape or shaped like a tic tac. 

I don't know if this was a significant sighting or anything really special rather than the fact that we got to watch it for at least 15 to 20 minutes straight. It didn't do anything really special: didn't have any sparkly lights or anything like that, it didn't flash or change shape, but it absolutely was the classic definition of a UFO/UAP. 

I also know at that altitude, the winds are much more active. We had a maybe 5mph breeze on the ground that day so it must have been windy up there. Why this is important is because if this was a lightweight object picked up by the wind and held aloft by thermal updrafts, it would not have been stationary, but would have been blowing around and eventually lost altitude. But this thing didn't budge at all. 

I'll never forget this experience, and one thing I will always remember was an overwhelming feeling that it belonged there. That is was NOT something that didn't belong but for lack of a better word, it was "natural". 

I should also add that anyone that has been through a treatment program will tell you it is a time for a lot of self-reflection, and getting in touch with your spirituality. Up until that day I had been meditating at least twice a day for several weeks. I was in a very relaxed state and at peace leading up to this encounter and I do believe those activities ​somehow "allowed" or contributed to this taking place.

That's about all I got for now, and I cautiously say that I would welcome another experience of that same nature to again occur in my life. However, anything more intense than that would probably be bad for my PTSD.! Bythe wway,I'm almost 7 months sober now but I haven't talked to my old roommate since about a month after this encounter. Hope you guys like the account of my sighting! It was thoroughly satisfying for me
