{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-12-19 19:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549415","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/415/mufon-5549415.json","updb_database_id":5549415}
followup on earlier info sent Dec. 5, 2005 to you.

I already stated the larger rectangle aircraft was using a ball shape smaller, about 10 ft. thick, aircraft brightly white lighted, to watch the road farther Southeast toward Hwy. 115. I had called a friend by cellphone about whether to leave my roadgate unlocked. The persons using the rectangle aircraft were listening for radio in the area, and started the ball aircraft Northwest, about 200 ft. up,with a trail of bright white electric fire behind it, and a thin white vapor trail behind that. The ball aircraft went North of where I was, turned very sharply to the South, and stopped, hovering directly above my car and self. It dimmed down, looking smaller, so to look at it casually, one would think it was a somewhat large planet or star. I didn't try videotaping or using cellphone. I calmly drove away along Marvin Rd. A family who rented my farm years ago stated that in the mid-to-late 1970s, several times they had seen lights of an aircraft go down in the woods to the Southeast, and not come back up again. They had considered the possibility of dope-hauling aircraft, as some publicity had been started on what later was the Iran-Contra federal dope-running scandal. My seeing these 2 aircraft may be the first time anyone willing to speak up has done so. The U.S. started flying B-52 bombers on hazardously low practice through the area in 1980. The lack of complaints by area people, as so many have relatives in the armed forces, seems to have made this area desirable, with its isolation, by the persons using the rectangle large aircraft. I think we are facing ordinary sinful humans using Tesla-type radio field-to-negative-static-electric-field multipurpose aircraft, able to act as a submarine-boat or aircraft or spacecraft. A tuning selection allows the aircraft to fly invisibly, with fraction-of-a-second repeated becoming visible to keep watch, but too fast for a casual watcher on the ground to notice. That's why still cameras may get photos of these machines, while the photographer may not notice such at the time. It's like looking at an electric fan in motion. Usually the blades are a blur. Using a strobe light in synchronization allows a series of flash views, each one showing the fan blades as if still, not in motion. I am very displeased about this problem, as the radiation from these Tesla-aircraft has caused severe mutation-type and direct injury environmental ruin in other parts of this nation; an example is Rock Creek Hollow, West Virginia, where various soil fungi and bacteria have mutated and attacked the root systems of forest trees, including black walnut, white oak, and mulberry. If your members will use degaussing-field protective suits, it prevents Tesla-aircraft from causing radio-field temporary knockout, paralysis of arms and legs, or dizziness and a very strong feeling of fear.
