{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-11 06:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505415","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53444","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3901,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/415/mufon-5505415.json","updb_database_id":5505415}
{cak} Very bright object hovering at different levels in sky over houses and near Anchorage International airport. Observed different elevations of hovering and just disappeared.

I couldnt sleep in the early hours on December 11th, between 3:30am and 6:30am. I was sitting on my sofa using my laptop with my new phone handy - A Galaxy Note3. I have a large picture window with two side windows at the Southwestern End of my living room. I was sitting on the sofa perpendicular to those windows. Above my large picture window with side windows, there is yet another window, higher (15 or so inches). This window extends the length of the side windows and picture window. (The window that I took my pictures out of above the picture window is 91 inches across and about 18 or more inches high. I happened to look toward the window and up to the very top this bright object caught my eye. It was an extremely bright object with what looked like several rod extensions projecting from it like a tripod, the same color and intensity of display as the main object. I simply decided to pick up my phone and began snapping images. I had no idea my phone would even capture any pictures. Until maybe 4 or 5 days later did I realize it had when I checked and found them, much to my surprise. 

This was not the first time, I had seen this type of image. A few days before, I saw it in the same area (only one object) but at a lower elevation. I watched it around 3-4am for a very long time.

Late last summer, I saw two of these lights. I did not think to take pictures of this event. One was hovering in and around and yet in the same area as the others I have seen recently, over the rooftops, where I live. The second was hovering Northwest and seemed to be over and around our International Airport. I watched them glide around, especially object #2 positioned over the airport, as it went up and down, but only slightly. Again, they were seen in the early morning hours around 3am. Object #1 moved smoothly and slowly up and down, as well as hover. I never saw them leave; they just disappeared, as did the other times, I mentioned above. I may have not noticed them leaving.

When I checked my pictures taken through the window, I found only one that was colored. It was a bright orange red image. All the others were white images.
