{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-13 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519415","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3854,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/415/mufon-5519415.json","updb_database_id":5519415}
7-8 Yellowish Lights in Formation in Sky

Date: April 13, 2012
Time: 2030 (approximate)
Location: Bethel Church Road (between Chesapeake City, MD and Route 896-S)

[Item moved/CMS/nd] I drove south over the Summit Bridge on 896, and exited right toward Chesapeake City, via Bethel Church Road. [Item moved/CMS/nd] Almost immediately after [item moved/CMS/nd] turning onto Bethel Church Road, I noticed out my window 7-8 bright white/yellow/orange lights in the sky ahead, in sort of a zig-zag, or W like formation. They did not appear to be moving. They were obviously brighter and closer than stars. They had a bit of a twinkle to their illumination, but were not blinking. The color was mostly yellowish-white, but a bit more orange at times. 

I pointed out the lights to my family, and they all saw it. We all tried to decide what they might be. Our first consideration was:

1. Many helicopters doing some sort of formation flight training.

We ruled this out because they did not appear to be moving, and there was no noise. I rolled my window down to listen.

2. Candles attached to balloons, sent up by the people at the nearby memorial service on the highway.

This seemed possible, however the lights seemed much brighter than would be possible from a candle in a cup, or lantern attached to a balloon.

3. Flares attached to balloons, sent up by the people at the memorial service.

This seemed less likely. Flares might give the flamelike glow we saw, but to lift a flare, the balloons would need to be very big. Or maybe 10 balloons to lift a flare? It seemed unlikely that the people at the memorial service would do something like that. 

Additionally, the lights appeared to be approximately 1 mile west of the highway, were the people are, and not moving in their positions. It was not especially windy at the time, so it didn't seem likely that a balloon (or many balloons) sent up by people would travel such a distance, and then remain in a formation in the sky at an altitude of roughly 500-1000 feet.

We continued on our way home, watching the lights in the sky. At one point, we actually drove underneath the formation, so that when we looked out the window to the right, we could see the line of lights in the sky above. This was when we were closest to them. There was no apparent sound, and no helicopter or plane or anything but the lights were visible. 

As we turned into our development, the lights were behind us, so we could not see them for 1 minute. When we pulled into the driveway and got out, only 1 light was visible now. My father raced into the house to get a pair of binoculars. While he was gone, the light slowly began to grow more dim. By the time he got back, it was not very bright, and before he could look through the binocs, the light was gone. 

I was very excited during this whole time, because I had seen footage from UFO reports, in which a formation of lights is in the sky, sometimes for many minutes, and then disperses, or disappears, or something like this. This seemed similar. 

I have sketched a diagram of what we saw when we first noticed the lights from the car.
