{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-09 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514415","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43807","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2792,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/415/mufon-5514415.json","updb_database_id":5514415}
{dr}I saw a triangle shaped object hovering low in the sky over Parkville Missouri. The craft had a bright white light and smaller red and blue light all which flashed randomly.

I was driving home after work headed east on Crooked Road in Parkville at about 10:05pm. As I approached my residence I noticed a very bright white light in the sky. As I drove closer to the light I noticed the light had smaller red and blue lights underneath it. At first I thought it could be a helicopter but it wasnt. The object was about 200 or so feet above the tree line, but there were no sounds or wind gusts. A helicopter flying that low would definitely give off some sound. I thought this was really strange, so I slowed down to about 15 mph because there were no other cars on the road at the time.

	I noticed the lights were in a triangle shape but I couldnt make out what was connecting the lights. The object was either transparent or blended very well with the night sky. The bright white light was on top. This light was the biggest and brightest. The smaller red and blue lights were underneath this main white light, forming the outline of the triangle shape. 
	All the lights were flashing and becoming brighter at random times. When I was closest to the UFO I noticed it was not moving at all and was just hovering very low to the ground, maybe 200 or so feet above the tree line. I had to make a quick turn and I lost sight of it. As I rounded the corner I immediately parked my car to get a better look at it. I got out of the car and looked up into the sky and it was gone. 

	I walked around my building to see if it had moved but it was no longer there. It had vanished. Turning and parking my car only took about one minute1s time. The object disappeared at an incredible speed. I kept searching for a sign of the object but the only thing in the sky at that point were the stars and what seemed to be a plane far off in the distance that was heading west.

	I stood looking up into the sky very puzzled and astounded by what I had just seen. I can1t understand how something that big could just hover in place so low to the ground and not make a sound, and then vanish into thin air.
