{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-27 01:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513415","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44859","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3331,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/415/mufon-5513415.json","updb_database_id":5513415}
{dr}READ BELOW

I prefer to remain anonymous because during the time we saw it me, my brother, and his friend were out tagging signs and streets. All was normal until we heard the tell tale squeal of a police cars tires. We decided to bolt back to the house. PLEASE UNDERSTAND WE HAVE RAN FROM THE COPS MANY TIMES AND CAN TELL THEIR SEARLIGHTS FROM OTHERS. All was well until we made it to arcadia; a street that curves around to meet our home street. We were walking and shooting the bull until jackson complained of a really bad headache. We decided to chill in some dense bushes so he could take some rest. This was difficult because after one or two minutes jackson started moaning and rocking back and forth. We then heard a loud hum. I said **** its a chopper! lets get the **** out of here guys. But my bro made me chill and wait. After 30 or so secounds the sound stopped. When it stopped jackson started to stop rocking and moaning until he felt better. My bro offered to help him walk, but jackson said he didn't wanna be a bitch hell walk. My brother objected and tried to call a friend to pick us up, But his phone only made a static his. Both me and jackson tried ours and same result. We figured our local METROpcs tower was acting up or something so we decided to cut threw the woods from arcadia to keystone. We walked about halfway threw the patch of woods that arcadia curves around to meet keystone, until we saw a shadow cast over us. We looked to the direction to see a black triangler thing above the powerlines at the peek of the arcadia curve. I could only assume it was black due to the three redish oarange lights in like a triangular formation above the powerlines. I don't know what the others did because i was staring up at it awestruck. Until my brother pulled my arm and we started running threw the woods to our house. When we were almost there i looked back to see the triangle thing shoot something from itself into the woods the rise into the air and trust off fastly into the night sky. When we finally got to the house we all renained silent and even now wont talk about it. Later that night i woke up and went to the driveway to smoke a cig when i saw a LED like spotlight shining down over at the end of our street where it meets up with arcadia. I freaked and ran back inside. I watched the light grow closer and closer shinging between houses until it got to ours i saw it was a black van with an LED light shining like it was looking for something. BEING A TAGGER I KNOW THERE ARE NO NEIGHBORHOOD WATCH OR COPS WITH BLACK VANS OR LED LIGHTS. The next morning i called all my friends on arcadia and none of them heard or saw what we did. ALtho a few did say that they had a serious headache that night.
