{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-15 13:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491415","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68152","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3883,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/415/mufon-5491415.json","updb_database_id":5491415}
{cak} how to begin I was Martial Arts training in the Forest when my senses alerted me I was being observed I momentarily stoped surveyed my surrounding area where I was training I didn't see signs of life so I went back into my routine then I happened t

I was in the Forest Of Midland Michigan Martial Arts Training during my training session.I felt like I was being observed yet I didn't see any predatory Animals yet I still sensed I was being watched I continued to train I took a momentarily pause and I was surveying my surrounding areas when I happened to glance up towards a bird in flight and it was during that moment in time when I saw I was being observed by a aircraft silently hovering a silently moving towards me I approached the Aircraft and I got as close to the Aircraft as I possibly could get if I were to climb the limb of the tree nearest to me I could've jumped aboard the Aircraft which I thought about doing to bring it down.As I stood at the ready to Attack if provoked by the Aircraft if need be.
I didn't know what this strange and foreign aircraft was I will say the Aircraft had three sections and really tiny wheels and I thought to myself how are those tiny wheels going to support the weight of that Aircraft it was neat looking and I was impressed with what I saw. As we observed each in a respectful way I was less then Ten feet from the Aircraft at this time period my curiosity brought me closer and I was thinking if it were to attack me how could I dismember the components of the Aircraft to bring it down incase a battle were to happen I saw weaknesses in the Aircraft which I planned to inflict upon the Aircraft incase something were to happen upon greeting this Aircraft which to this day I haven't seen an aircraft with the same structure as this one in appearance and shape. I did happen to take photos of the Aircraft but my phone got water lodged and damaged before I could produce any photos of the Aircraft.
I still have the memory though.
As for my feeling I wasnt frightened or afraid I was curious to come in contact with the Aircraft and I feel that the operator driving the Aircraft didn't expect to come across anyone during its maid voyage I'd move it'd follow I'd stop and it'd hover and wait till I made movement again then continue to follow and I found that to be weird yet exciting.
I went under foilage and was preparing to board the Hovering Aircraft as it inched closer to Me.
After I went under the treetops the Aircraft turned 180 degrees and did another 180 degrees as if it were searching for Me at that point it began to slowly ascend higher above the treetops as it continued upon its Path I stepped out of the shadows and it momentarily stopped and began to head back towards Me and then it stopped as it did I bid it farewell and it took off at a high rate of speed and continued to gain altitude before it was no longer in my eye view.
And that was the last I ever seen of this Aircraft.
Afterwards after this strange encounter I kept this to myself for four years until I learned of mufons existence which is why iam contacting you now your the first to hear my altercation with this Aircraft.
To see if maybe someone else may have seen what I saw on that day.
When the time comes I will draw a sketch of the Aircraft.
