{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-12 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517415","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40594","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3003,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/415/mufon-5517415.json","updb_database_id":5517415}
(gs) Witnessed this unusual cloud formation appearing to have an upwards spiral trail into it and later while observing pictures taken of the cloud noticed what appears to be a translucent craft exiting the clouds upper right side at an angle

Noticed strange cloud directly in front of me as I traveled west towards Fresno on Hwy 180. The cloud was essentially by itself and appeared to have a vapor like trail extending from below it up to its base. The promonent or larger cloud and the lower smaller cloud both had a UFOish shape as well. My friend Jenna was with me and I asked her to take some photos. She took a couple through the windshield and a couple out the window as we continued towards it. I have reported this before and have had some strange things happen to my computer and picture files, though I do not know for sure that these issues were related , it seems like I was being disabled to locate my pictures and /or pursue sharing the pictures and info . I had visited a UFO site and shared the pictures there with folks who downplayed thier unusual nature and claimed not to see the craft I described. I am hoping you will take a better look and at least acknoweledge the possibility I am seeing something that looks like a craft emerging from atop and possibly through a cloud . Please notice that the vapor like trail begins to dissipate shortly after first picture taken and the odd circular shape at the bottom of both the large and small clouds. In one of the photos I noticed upon zooming in what to me looks like the edges of a metallic yet translucent object on an angle with other details outlining a domed disc shaped craft exiting the cloud from the upper right in the photo.I have zoomed in and edited the contrast to best show the reflection of the edges and other details ...but I have in no way altered the photos besides.
