{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489415","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3820,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/415/mufon-5489415.json","updb_database_id":5489415}
{nd} dark mass and gas descending from clou ds landing on neighborhood roof of houses

For several weeks now I have been outside in my yard and just before dark you can see several large mass surrounded by gas descending from the clouds to the roof of houses. When landing shooting off a spark of light and then movement on the houses and dark mass hovering near houses. The shapes and movement is distorted by the dark gas. In the sky you can see multiple ufos surrounding the area of Waco. The UFO shoots off a laser as if acknowledging what is there on the roofs. You can here the loud noise high pitch noise whine. You can feel the heat of something touching you, you can see the movement dark orbs being used as lasers. I have several burns on my head and body and I have major hair loss the gas that is being brought here makes my body swell. I have damage to my ears and a white substance that keeps caking up my ears, and feel it is being pushed down my throat thru my ear canal. Makes me sick. I feel a lot of pressure in my head and body as if my head if being hit, or shoved or embedded. I have a lot of odd scars 5 dots in a circle and dot in center. You can hear the talking stating they are not here to support us, they are here to damage any way they can stopping our way of life. I have woke up to see a dark mass of gas in my face and leaves all the sudden.. I have damage to my teeth something is carving my teeth, burning my head. I have seen a alien or large object ascend to the clouds with wings, looked very similar to hang gliding gear, disappearing behind a cloud you could tell something was waiting in the cloud. I feel the orbs are being remotely controlled and hovering near doors hiding in gas and entering into my home when a door is open. I have a new house and there is a lot of odd damage from heat on my walls and doors and flooring dings and nicks and scratches melted paint and seals which should not be there. My head is being abused every day non stop talking and high pitched noise. You can see the orbs hidden in gas moving in the house. It is all very intelligently guided. they talk a lot about every thing about humans. I feel more familys have been damaged not just mine. Anyway needed to let you know they landing on houses and entering the houses very mean way. Using orbs, black in color depends on how much dark gas that have brought with them. I have heard noise on top of my house went outside in the middle of night to see a dark shrouded alien white face large eyes looking down at me I tried to talk just stared at me. Seemed ..  worried I new they were there.
