{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-09-10 23:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490415","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/415/mufon-5490415.json","updb_database_id":5490415}
{cak} sitting with my sister outside looked straight up seen moon like object which desended instantly to treetop height and hovered while it began humming and changing colors blinked and it was moving across the roof out of sight went to my house 4 hour

My wife and I were married in may 1982. My sister came to visit the next september and was staying next door at our parents house. She was visiting my wife and I and had coffee and brownies . She said she was going to moms to get ready for bed around 11:00pm . I walked with her . We stopped and sat in my moms yard , her in a pourch swing and me in a lawn chair while we talked. We were there only a few min. When I looked up. Straight up for some reason. I saw what looked like a white moon way up in the sky. Then instantly it grew in jumps . Maybe only 3 jumps in size and it was treetop high . About the size of a football field. It did this in less than a second. The bottom seemed completly flat and now yellow. I stood up and wS looking at the size of this thing and backed over my lawn chair knocking it over.. The bottom began swirling around looking like molten metal redish yellowish orange with white looking like molten metal and it began humming in a pulse like hum. I was standing looking straight up at this thing looking it over for size and height when it starts to hum. The bottom was blinding bright . The next thing I know I blink and its no longer straight up. But my sister is standing right in front of me now looking straight up at an empty sky like I was. Shes only about 4-6 inches from my face. I look around for the object quickly and I see the outer edge of it sliding over my parents roof out of sight. I noticed it was bright white now and the tall gum trees had most of their leafs had fallen off because of the season . But a few at the very top were still on the tree and as this thing slid over the treetops, not making any noises now.., the leaf remained dead still. When it went out of sight I ran around the house to see it again but it was gone. No lights moving anywhere. I looked at the sky. It was a crystal clear sky the stars looked almost round like a 3-d night. I was walking back around the house looking at the sky waiting for something to move when I came up to my sister half way back. She ask me if I saw it and I told her no. I told her it was gone. We walked back to the pouch swing and both sat it the swing this time. We just sat starring at the sky for a few minutes looking for any stars to move or something to move. My sister said i'll never tell anyone about this . And I agreed. Then she said she was real tired and was going in and going to bed. I said me too. And we went in, her in my moms and me at my home. Now when we first left my house my wife was going to clean the kitchen and was dishes and pick up the house . Both the tv and the radio were playing and all the lights were on in my house.this was , I thought 15 or 20 min. ago. When I walked in all my lights were out the tv and radio was off. The kitchen cleaned and my wife was asleep deep. I was so tired I crawled across my wife and passed out. My wife said she waited up for me till around 3:00am. I don't know what took so long that night and im kind of afraid to find out.I didn't remember this for 6 years. My sister and brother in law were visiting and I remembered while we were sitting at the table talking. I said you'll never believe this but..I began telling what I saw and my sister said I remember too. I was there too. My brother in-law had been sterile since he was a teenager and he and his first wife tried to have kids for three years and the doctors told him he was sterile but my sister had his fist son in June 1983 , nine months later then another one less than a year after that. His first son was covered with staph over his body while my sister didn't have it. Im very bad with dates. My sister, while we were with our husbands and wives, helped piece together our memories for that night. To this point any way.
