{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-14 03:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26196","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2237,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5529333.json","updb_database_id":5529333}
Was on a patrol in the forest when I seen a star like light bullet shape shout out of the tree line.

On the 14th of August, 2007 I was on a patrol spotting for forest fires. My job at the time was a wild land fire-fighter. I was in my truck at the time by myself about 3-3:35am on United States Forest Service road 456 and turning on to placer creek rd. on moon pass. 
As I was turning my truck on to placer creek rd. I seen what I thought was a camp and or wildfire, coming from a tree line about 230 feet to the left side of my truck. At first the light came off dim, but then got brighter and I studied it. I went to radio myself in to report the light I thought was fire, but my radio was fuzzing in and out and would not send to the dispatch center.
About this time I seen the light at super speeds jump out of the tree line in to the sky. I seen what looked like a bullet shape dart of in to the night sky.

I can remember thinking it was time to put out a fire and hope I could stop it before it got out of hand and had to call in a I.R. team. I also remember taking maybe I should just watch it and see if it was just a group of campers. As I seen the light move back and fourth I also remember thinking OK this is a wildfire I need to take action and report it. 
When having problems with my radio I seen the light at super speeds jump out of the trees in to the sky I remember being very scared and my heart racing. I've never seen any thing like this before.

I looked myself in my fire truck and hid in back set. After I calmed down I remember being lost and confused as to what just happened. I thought I was going to die that night.
