{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5507333.json","updb_database_id":5507333}
[flg} High in the atmosphere or above a light flew from the east then turning to the south

The date is approximate it was near the date of the meteor shower. Until recently I have tried to forget about most of what I have seen over the years. However, a day or so afterward, I decided to document this one. 
As I was sky watching for meteors I saw a light very high in the sky. I watched the light come from the east. It was a white light not blinking or anything else. It appeared to be on the edge of the atmosphere, either inside the atmosphere or just outside. Similar to seeing a satellite flying above only much faster. As I watched it fly across the sky, I saw it turning to the south until I could not see it anymore. This did not take long from beginning to end. I have seen satellites before and they do not go through the sky quite that fast. I have seen the Space Station go through up in the sky and it does not go that fast. Satellites, the Space Station or meteors do not change direction. Not sure what it was but it did not seem like anything I have seen before, nor something we have. I believe the aircraft we have here on earth are required to have a beacon light. I did not see anything like that on this craft. I did not have a camera with me. Even if I did I do not think it could have caught the low grade light from the object. Ironically, I had two new marks on my wrist and knee that were all approximately 1/4 inch long and newly scabbed over. Not a deep cut with a heavy scab buy I could feel them when I rubbed my fingers over them. I can still see the marks on my wrist and knee. The marks on my wrist are approximately 1 1/2 inches apart, and the marks on my knee are approximately 3 inches apart. I did not scratch myself in these areas. If it were one point instead of 4 points so similar in size and shape I would not think it was strange. I took a photo of these a couple of days after I noticed the marks. I also would think less of these if it were not for the fact I have other scars on my body that have no reason for being there. I have never broken a bone and yet I have a scar on my forearm and on the top of my foot. I have had strange bruising in the past (at the time I just shrugged off) of four dime size bruises on my upper arm. All similar in size and spacing. Similar to someone pressing my arm with fingertips hard enough to bruise. I have a scar on my left hand between my thumb and forefinger and can feel some sort of object deep under the skin in that area. 
I have no idea if I was ever abducted, and no reason to think I had been, but these are strange coincidences.
