{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-28 14:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56673","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2886,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5502333.json","updb_database_id":5502333}
{nd} Spherical object that looked metallic flew straight at a constant speed with no visible means of propulsion

I was sitting on my office floor on the 21st floor in a tower on Queens Blvd and Jackson Avenue. I saw an object passing by out the window high in the sky. The windows are all glass. The object looked like a balloon initially but the speed was constant and it was flying relatively straight. It did not wobble or waver. I called a co-worker and asked her if she saw what I saw and she said yes. The object continued in a southerly direction and seemed to rise very slowly as it continued onward. At one point the object seemed to reflect light so I thought it might be metal and it seemed solid. There was a commercial airliner a few miles East and flying North toward Laguardia Airport. My office building is parallel to the Laguardia landing flight path as planes fly south to north toward Rikers Island. The sky was overcast, so the sun was not visible or shining. The object continued to rise as viewed out of the window until it could not be seen. I was elated when I saw the object because I saw and filmed a UFO last year. I was thinking about reporting the one that I saw last year and mentioned this to my colleague earlier in the day. When I saw the object today, it was quite a surprise. I began thinking how many people who see UFOs do not have evidence and I could see why. I mistakenly left my smartphone home this morning and the camera that I normally carry with me was in my work bag on my desk. I did not think to retrieve it in my excitement. After the incident I remembered that President Obama was making a speech at West Point today and I wondered if this could be related and I wondered about the timing. I did not know what time he was slated to speak. I began to feel like I was over-heating. I asked my colleague if she was hot and she said no. She usually runs a little warmer than I, so I began to feel that the object was affecting me in some way. We discussed what we saw and both decided it was a UFO. There were no propellers, no wings and the object flew relatively straight at a constant rate of speed rising gradually as it continued on. From our vantage point we see helicopters, planes and birds every day. This object was neither of those.
