{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-29 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116043","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3193,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5287333.json","updb_database_id":5287333}
Fireball crossed road above tree tops the changed direction.

My husband and I were on our way home and he first observed a fireball maybe a little bigger than a basket ball cross in front of our truck. At that point I literally hung out my window taking picts snd video. What we witnessed was unbelievable and amazing at the same time. Once it crossed the road it stopped and switch directions. It seemed to be following us and stayed maybe 10 ft above the tree line. I tried zooming my camera but the more I zoomed the further away it looked. I’ve never had my camera do that before. My pictures and video look further than what the object really was. My first picture is the orange ball but when you zoom the picture in you can see a lighter color almost like a vortex and the outside you can almost see energy around it. My 2nd picture with the lines and ending pints is NOT what I saw when taking the picture! It was huge like a hexagon shape about the size of a helicopter!  There were no wings no propellers there’s was nothing but a huge hexagon surrounded by lights with different shapes inside all connected by lights! It was so bizarre because what I saw is NOT what I got on the picture!! My video isn’t the best (keep in mind I was hanging out of my truck window while my husband was driving) but you can see the light in the corner that follows us until we get to the clearing then it stops. It flashed several times then was gone!! Just disappeared! I do have 1 other witness that saw the fireball less than 5 mins later but he was driving and didn’t have time to get a picture. He was also the next town over. Less than two minutes later my husband and I made it home and I was excited telling my son about what we saw and showing him the picts and video. While telling him his cell phone rang and it was a friend of his yelling in the phone saying he had just saw a UFO! What makes this so odd is his friend was on his way over to hang out with my son when he saw what we had! I placed my pics and video to Facebook and no one else in our area has seen anything except for My husband and I, and a friend of my son that was already on his way to my home! I NEED to understand what we saw and why!!!??
