{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5081,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5483333.json","updb_database_id":5483333}
White light 'turned on' in sky, then looped randomly and faded colours to gold and firey orange, then traveled 20 miles in 40 seconds and merged into city lights

This is the second vaguely similar object I've seen in my life, both viewed from Cheltenham UK. The first I reported on here a few years ago, which was a white/yellow light which moved location three times over the course of a minute then from still shot off and away in a curved tick in about a quarter of a second. I was the only witness. That anomaly is ingrained in my mind, happened 10pmish March 2010 over Lilleybrook Golf Course.

The second unexplainable object I have seen in my life (the one I am reporting now in this case) happened a couple of years later, I think around late February 2012, to which there were two witnesses. 

Nearing dusk, around 5pm my friend and I decided to drive up the local hill in Cheltenham (Leckhampton hill, 900ft) and go for a walk up there. We parked the car in the carpark, walked up the hill through the woods until we came out near the top at a clearing, which overlooks the town of Cheltenham with a clear view for about 40 miles around, West, North and North East. The town was down below us and it was a crisp pale blue/white sky, fading into dusk. The town lies 1000ft below and infront of us, street lights starting to come on, and then for the next 30 miles north it is relatively flat until you reach the Malvern hills, Worcestershire. 

We were looking out to the horizon and admiring the Malvern hill range, as they stick out of nowhere in the southern English countryside. There was still light in the sky but darkening, I suddenly saw a white light 'turn on' in the sky, slightly above and to the right of the end of the Malvern hill range. I said to my friend, "oh look a plane's turned it's lights on"...(not sure if they ever actually do do that!).....We carried on talking for another 20 seconds or so when we both noticed the light had now moved above the Malvern hills and was doing various looping patterns in the sky above the hill range. The motions it made were like figures of eight and circling loops, up and down and side to side, whilst smoothly accelerating and deccelerating. All very smooth motions, changing direction, speeding up and slowing down. This lasted for about 30 seconds and during this time it changed colour, fading from it's initial white, to and intense gold, then yellow and then just firey orange, the same colour as a standard street light in the UK.   

Now having turned to orange it dropped down below the top of the Malvern hills, and was bright orange infront of the black (rather dusky now) hill range. It slowly and steadily decsended down, and in a straight line moved at a seemilngly constant rate accross the dark countryside in the direction of Gloucester. (so from our POV the Malrverns were infront of us, and the object moved down diagonally left [west])

We finally lost sight of it when it reached the city of Gloucester and as it had appeared to be near ground level since it left the Malverns it just merged into the city lights. The whole sighting lasted about a minute and a half, during which my friend and I both kept saying "What the hell ISSS that??!!" We both recounted what we saw to each other afterwards, and both agreed that the object had traveled from the Malvern Hills to Gloucester (around 23 miles) in around 30 seconds. I did try to film it initially but quickly realised that the phone I had at the time the camera app was not working properly. Very annoying! (not sure how good the quality would have been anyway!)

There are often strange objects that cannot be identified in the night sky, but until they do something distinctly bizzarre, I usually tend to write them off... Hope to see another one one day, I'm only 31 and am looking up more than ever now! :D

PS I have included a .jpg of the view we had at the time (we were slightly higher up, and it was a bit darker), the white dot is about the same size and location as where the object first 'turned on'... we then noticed it again a very short while later and it had then moved to the left and proceeded to loop and fade colour, very rough patterning done in microsoft paint. Sorry for the crudeness!

I Hope this report helps fit another small peice to the seemingly infinitely large puzzle!
