{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-07-16 13:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2226,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5453333.json","updb_database_id":5453333}
Cigar cylidrical shiny object observed at great height. hovered made 2 90 degree turns ans then turned 180 at great acceleration

The only reason I am reporting this is beacause we are looking at old videos during covid 19. We are archiving old vids and photos. We came across a video where we ran to our car from the park with our dogs. In the video I said to my wife did you hear that and see it? Our dogs were agitated and we climbed in the car and took off, end of video.I think we boith buried it for the longest time. We are both scientists and non beleivers. I like astronomy and have a telescope. we love observing the night sky. Reliving that video brought back memories for the both of us and the meories are the same. 
We were walking are dogs, I heard a whistle changing pitch like a doppler affect....my wife described it like a washing machine out of kilter spining faster. We both looked up ino the sky. It was a super deep blue clear day. Angle of observation was about 85 degrees almost straight up. Not alot of reference points to judge altitude. The sound attracted us to the object. It seemed at high altitude, cigar shaped, completly cylindrical with a high aluminum finish. I thought it was a plane until it moved 20 degrees in the sky in a blink. It moved another 15 degrees at a 90 degree angle in a blink. Finally it shot of at 180 degrees at a speed I cannot fathom. We were attracted to the object by a sound initially but it did all of these manuevers silently. This is my testimony. I am a Scientist, my wife is a vet. I am not sure what I have seen.Aliens? not sure but what we sawe is not explainable.
