{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-04-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115035","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2287,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5288333.json","updb_database_id":5288333}
It came up from the ground and hovered and then shot straight into the night sky.

I wanted to share my story, I have thought about this incident for many years and it wasn't until I saw hangar 1 on Netflix I finally decided to tell what I saw that evening in 1980. I grew up in Huffman Tx. I had heard rumors about the 2 ladies and the child that had a very close encounter with a ufo on fm 1485 I believe. Everyone said they were crazy so I never told anyone. I was a freshman in high school in 1980, I'm not exactly sure what month it was, but I know it was a warm clear night. It was a Friday or Saturday night. Not a lot to do in Huffman then, so I decided to go set on the porch swing at my parents house, it was around 9 or 10 at night. All of a sudden a large round glowing orangish light shot up from the the woods from what I thought may be close to the right of way at the beginning of my street. About a half mile from my house. The orb or round object hovered just above the tree tops for about 30 seconds and the shot straight up and was gone. The next morning I took my horse and rode down the right away, I had ridden maybe less than a half of mile down the right of way when I came across 4 circular burned areas of grass, I can only assume that is where it had landed. I was reluctant to go any further so I turned around and went home. I have no pictures or video because it all happened so fast I was unable to retrieve my camera. my brother had always told me about the lights in the sky and how sometimes they would follow him, but I didn't believe him until I actually saw it for my self. I have since moved to Katy Tx. where i have seen numerous unidentified objects in the sky.
