{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-24 21:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5508333.json","updb_database_id":5508333}
{nd} the orb appeared over I-40 , lasted about a minute , recorded it through my sunroof of car , two other cars pulled over on interstate to observe .

Driving to work at 930 pm on I-40 westbound coming into Winston-Salem , Nc . Was especially dark outside , moon was not out yet . Something caught my attention in the sky . Of course at first your mind sais , "airplane" .. but something was different , there were no typical flight lights , no particular direction , nothing attached to light , just a solid reddish orange object . There is a small airport in the city , so any aircraft would be very apparent on either approach or take off , this was not that . I immediately pulled off the interstate and pulled my phone out and recorded this object through my sunroof of my vehicle . The night sky was so dark and this object was so apparent , it was good for me seeing the object with my eyes , but bad for a recording because there was no contrasting objects . The object was very close and directly above , so much so that holding the phone directly straight up through my sunroof . I recorded the object for one minute and then it just disappeared right before my eyes . There wasnt a cloud in the sky , so I know it didn't move behind a cloud . I was astonished , its so aggravating , who do you call ? What do you do ? Who do you tell ? One vehicle pulled over behind me , but before I could go talk to them , they left . I sat on the side of the road and played back the recording and was disappointed that the recording wasnt as amazing as what my own eyes saw ; but , I was able to take individual snap shots of the video as it played on phone , every single frozen frame I saw something in the center of the object , like a dark center nucleus . I just don't know what to make of it ? Your brain immediately tries to discount what you just saw , but I just couldnt find anything logical to blame what I saw on . Wish I had a answer for what I saw , maybe one day ?! .... I do have photo and video , but for some reason my phone wont let me attach to this site , please let me know a alternative email to send this to .. thank you..
