{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-20 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49101","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3880,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5509333.json","updb_database_id":5509333}
{nd} Very bright light when viewed in telescope revealed dull metallic disc craft!!!!

On Saturday 07/20/13 approximately 22:10, I walked in my bedroom for a moment, and through my window which faces West, a very bright light caught my eye! I was surprised by this light in the sky and immediately knew this was something different from an aircraft or an astronomical object!!!! I went into my living room to view the object from my 2 windows that also face West. The light was a golden-yellow with a slightly golden light orange color to it. It was brighter than a star or planet would be seen by the unaided eye, and it was larger than a star or planet would appear on the horizon. It was also brighter than an aircraft with its landing lights turned on (Am familiar with image of aircraft with landing lights.), and the object was larger than an airplane. Again verifying from my view of the bright object from my living room windows this was something out of the ordinary, I quickly went to my utility room to get my Schmidt-Cassegrain 6 inch aperture (152 mm aperture, 1500 focal length) telescope. I positioned my telescope on my balcony, which faces West, and located the object within my finderscope. Through a 25 mm eyepiece, I looked into my telescope, and because I was expecting to see a very bright light, at first I did not realize that I was actually viewing a craft through my telescope! Then, I realized that I was viewing the outline of a disc-shaped structure!!!! It was absolutely amazing!!!!! I was completely astounded!!!!-I have never seen anything like this in my entire life!!!! As I mentioned, the craft was disc-shaped-It was a dull silver metallic color. I saw 3 or 4 "fan-shaped"-for lack of a better descriptive word-(they were not quite round and not quite triangular) lights emitting light; I also saw a circular-shaped light emitting light from the craft. The intriguing characteristic of the object I was viewing in my telescope, was that the light emitted from the craft reduced the visibility of the disc-shaped vehicle, like a cloak to disguise (camouflage) the craft!!!! (This is why I did not realize I was already viewing the craft initially!) My dad is retired military, so I am familiar with various military aircraft, and this object that I was viewing was nothing like I had ever seen before!!!! Unless the military is now having aerial vehicles manufactured that replicate the classic description of a disc-shaped spacecraft, I would state that this was an extraterrestrial aerial vehicle!!!! I also viewed this disc through an 9 mm eyepiece, and a X 2 Barlow lens giving a 4.5 mm magnification. The object was hovering for the majority of the time I viewed it, only moving slightly to the right, slightly down, then slightly to the left-I had to reposition my telescope due to this slight movement. I also tried to video tape the bright object with my cell as do not have a standard video camera, but could not successfully obtain an image. I got in my car to see the bright light at a closer proximity (going W-SW), but at a point some buildings obstructed my view and by the time I got to a clearing, the object was gone. This was about an hour of total viewing time. It is truly the most incredible thing I have ever seen in the physical world!!!!
