{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-08-27 20:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54560","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3770,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5504333.json","updb_database_id":5504333}
{cak} craft stealth-like shape, barely humming noise, moved at walking pace, large, intensely bright light on top

My parents and I had just returned from getting ice cream cones at the nearest town. It had just gotten dark as it does in late August. It was about 8:50-8:55 PM. No outside light had been left on as I unlocked the door to go in when I heard the sound you hear when an airplane is falling to crash. Then a short whispered boom. I grabbed my parents and told them to get outside as I felt something was happening. We got outdoors and I noticed the sky turning very bright from the west just over the ridge that was about 500 feet away. Suddenly it came over the ridge and we were blasted with an intensely bright light. As we diverted our eyes, we could see everything in our yard and all around, same as daylight, even under the leaf laden trees in our yard. Then we noticed we were in its shadow and looked up and saw a huge ship that extended over our yard, over the road and well into the pasture out back. It was a solid dark color with no windows or features other than the shape of the ship. It had a stealth-like shape but seemed flatter and more expanded than the stealth planes. It was moving at a walking pace and made a slight humming noise. It literally looked as though it was just over the treetops and my mom screamed saying it was going to hit the church on the west side of our yard. It well cleared the church and as my view was now blocked from seeing it, I ran around the front of the church and watched as it cruised at the same pace over the neighbors and beyond the ridge that was about 2/10's of a mile away. Years later, I asked my parents if they remembered what we did afterwards. None of us did. My mom said she supposed we went to bed, but, I find that hard to believe as the excitement of it all would have kept me up most of the night. I honestly don't remember what happened afterwards.
  Many years later, I met a man that I started working with and one day we started talking about ufo's. He started telling me about a job he and his sister had worked at in a nearby city(45miles away)and that they would get home about 9 PM. Long story short; he and his sister saw the same ufo drop out of the sky and they went to higher ground to see if they could get a better view and saw a very large ship drifting to the west with a powerful light on top beaming forward. This was the same night we saw our ufo only he was seeing it from 8 miles away. That was when I realized that from our point on the ground, it looked very close to us and later realized that it was actually much higher in the sky than we thought and that it was actually much bigger than I thought. Much, much bigger.
   We discreetly asked some of the neighbors if they had seen anything unusual, but no one had indicated that any event took place. We kept this information to ourselves for many years for fear of being teased, so, it wasn't common knowledge that we saw anything.
   To this day, I can't understand why I don't remember what happened afterwards and also why none of us felt even the slightest bit of fear (other than my mom's concern for the church)...
