{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-02 07:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27251","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5528333.json","updb_database_id":5528333}
I witnessed a disc-shaped craft that clearly exceeds any publically acknowledged technological capabilities.

I had just turned off of State Road 130 in Hobart, and was heading south on County Line Road on Sunday, January 2, 2011 at 7:05am when I noticed an intense light in the distance coming from the sky to the east, seemingly several miles in the distance. I first assumed it to be a conventional craft; however, what was strange about it was how brightly the light was glowing, especially considering that it was essentially day-time. I continued to monitor the craft out of curiosity and soon thereafter the intense light began to subside, but not completely diminish, revealing more details about the craft's design. It had no easily discernible surface features and appeared to be completely smooth, the brightness of the light on the structure had greatly decreased and remained only as a dull orb of illumination that was located in the middle of the underside of the craft which itself was clearly disc-shaped, though at one point it did appear to have perhaps some more angular and geometric features, though the general shape of the craft itself appeared to be that of a disc, there were obviously no wings, and all other features that could be seen as being indicative of a conventional human origin were absent. The object hovered in the sky without any sort of obvious flight path, it did move left and right, up and down, but these were slight and graceful maneuvers that were not easily noticeable, or dramatic. After the first minute, or two of observation it had noticeably moved closer to my position which I found to be disconcerting as I was the only one in the car, and on the road at the time. As I got a closer-view of it I noted it seemed to have a gunmetal coloring best described as a dull gray/black. I continued to keep my eyes fixed on it and it appeared to "blink" out of distance 3-4 times, I had considerably slowed my speed and was clearing tracking it when I noted it "vanishing" and "reappearing". The way it moved was very strange and foreign, if I had not been able to see changes in where it was positioned in the air, it would've been very difficult to even perceive its movement. At this point I had been watching it for nearly 5 minutes when trees and other objects in the road started becoming obstacles and preventing me from seeing it.. The craft started out coming from the east, heading west, and with a considerable altitude (it is difficult for me to exactly estimate its starting height in the sky as I have no background in such things and it would be an arbitrary guess.), and by the end of the sighting had noticeably lowered its altitude, maybe comparable to the altitude you'd commonly see a low-flying helicopter and appeared to be moving west and at my last glimpse of it, it had crossed over to the other side of county line road and seemed to be clearly moving west, where as initially it was difficult to ascertain a flight path. It is also worth noting that I had AM radio on the whole time for background noise, and when the UFO was at its closest point to me the radio completely ceased to function briefly, first there was a gratuitous amount of static, then the radio went silent, though it was still on. This could be completely unrelated, or have a completely mundane explanation, but it is too big of a coincidence not to mention. And as mentioned before, when I first spotted the object it appeared to be several miles in the distance, and towards the end of the sighting its distance away could be measured in hundreds of meters. I eventually turned off the road, I continued to scan the sky for the object, but there was no trace that I could see. I did not immediately share this occurrence with anyone, besides one person, because of the unavoidable skepticism and scrutiny it would inevitably bring as well as the sort of persisting environment of ridicule that exists for those making any sort of claim that is perceived to be extraordinary.
