{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-15 19:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459333","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102177","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/333/mufon-5459333.json","updb_database_id":5459333}
{cak} Large, glowing circular object over the Atlantic, stationary, 8 min.; swooped up to stars at curvy 75 degree angle in 3 seconds. Ocean City Maryland

MUFON			7.29.19  10:48AM
Yesterday I saw season 1 of UNIDENTIFIED and watched a few episodes again today 'on demand.' I thought I'd share a few of my sightings. This sighting is about a UFO but I'd like to add, in 2003 I saw a fleeting group of entities in Ocean City, Maryland. Afterwards, I was advised by an email pen pal of ten years, Iulian (IT Doctorate who works in security over a diamond mine Canada and a former associate professor at a large University in Bucharest, Romania) that perhaps I should speak to a MUFON counselor. I searched for a counselor near me and found Mike ------ formerly of Bear, Delaware and his organization, now apparently defunct, DARC. I spoke with Mike ------ for several evenings over the phone (around 2009). I found his information helpful. Last I heard from ------, he was very excited to have been invited to work with a MUFON group in California. 

During September of 2011, I rented an Ocean front hotel room in the Quality Inn on 17th Street (4th floor) and invited my cousin, Rebecca -------- and brought my son, then about 12 years old. To my initial dismay, my cousin brought an unexpected guest, who was younger than us, early to mid thirtees or so, David. David turned out to be Army sniper who had served three tours in Afghanastan and was then planning on returning for a fourth tour. Last I heard David left the service and returned to his family business in Texas. The trip to the ocean was spontaneously scheduled by me and we inadvertantly found ourselves there during Bike Week so the town was quite loud and crowded. 

We were standing on the Ocean front board walk of Ocean City, it was barely past dusk when David, my son and I noticed a large object, in the shape of a perfect circle, between the size of a large full moon and the sun, in the darkening sky. (My cousin was standing in line away from us for a beverage and saw nothing.) Initially the perfectly circle shaped disk was stationary.  

If you look into a roaring campfire, you can see the various yellow orange flames licking about. The large object seemed to have those types of licking flames, only on a very large scale, within the circle. None of the flames crossed the perimeter of the perfect circle; the image didn't make any sense to me. I thought I would keep quiet and listen to what David thought about the object as he was intensely focused on it. At first, David thought it was a plane in trouble, a plane on fire. That didn't make any sense to me as the object was round and stationary and not falling. I noticed other people were stopping on the board walk, looking at it and puzzling over it for a bit, and then they walked on. The three of us were standing there mesmerized by the object and I couldn't understand why everyone else wasn't looking at it and if they did look at it, how they could possibly just turn away and walk on after they'd seen it and puzzled over it a few minutes. 

David took a photo of it with his phone. David said that he was going to send that photo to someone on the base in Afghanastan who 'knew what everything in the sky was.' I did not have any phone that took photos. When I looked at David's photo that he took, it simply looked like a large orange full moon although I probably didn't have my reading glasses on and perhaps the photo showed more detail than I could see at the moment. 

After the large circular object was stationary for about eight minutes or so… it suddenly swooped up at about a curvy 75 degree angle from the sea (to the right), in about three seconds, and became about the size of a large, orange star. You wouldn't notice it in the sky if you hadn't seen it appearing first 'large and stationary' and then followed it with your eyes as it quickly swooped up into the stars that had just started to become visible. After that, David turned to me, his eyes very wide and asked, “Did you see that??!” David seemed “shocked.”

The next day David told me that his friend in Afghanastan had no idea what the object was from the photo David sent him. I asked David what he thought it was and David said that he had “no idea WHAT that thing was!” I asked David how big he thought it was and David replied to the effect of, that he didn't know but, “you could see that thing for miles.” 

Mike ---- (of MUFON) had given me tips during our conversations such as if you see a UFO, you could call the local police station and ask if anyone else has reported what you saw. I thought about it - the Ocean City police had a building right on the boardwalk, however, I decided against it as what would I gain from that personally and whoever answered the phone would probably laugh. I told a couple of friends over the years to include Iulian and a nuclear engineer and that was about it. Unfortunately I didn't document or recall the date of the month. I do recall it was September, a clear “summer-like” night, that it wasn't completely dark yet and, for some reason, I have never forgotten the year. I am positive about the month and the year, 2011, during Bike Week. 

I did search on You Tube to find recorded objects similar to the one I saw - I saw some that a man (I believe Canadian) was calling 'glowing balls.' None of them had the 'flames' or swooped off in seconds to become a spot of light in the sky. Mostly his were simply stationary and nothing else was shown in the video. 

One other interesting item, since I had lived in Westminster, Maryland for several years, Mike ---- (of MUFON) asked me during our discussions if I knew anything about what was going on up there, related to UFO's etc. I had been living in Westminster during 2003. I told Mike that I did not and then (I suppose) because I had no information, Mike wouldn't share any information about he had apparently heard about Westminster. I did learn that it was common for the young people of Westminster to sit around and look at the skies for 'unusual activity,' meaning not simply comets, meaning UFO's.  I never saw any while there. (I was living in AA Co. during 2011)

I spent time writing this out in a word document first and edited it, hoping that it would be as complete and descriptive as possible. Thanks for your time, Sincerely, Karen .
