{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-02 22:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119027","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5284392.json","updb_database_id":5284392}
Sideways v shaped ufos with brightest colored circles rotating rapidly across the bottom of the v. Most intense colors I've ever seen

A couple of months ago I was outside in the dark one night and some of the brightest flashing colors caught my eye. Most intense colors I have ever witnessed. The thing I am looking at is a sideways v with the colored circles rapidly moving across the bottom of the v. For a few months it has been just the one and it used to just hover in the exact same spot. Within this last week now every night the numbers vary between 1 and around 12. The original one is still in its spot but others are starting to be in random places now. There is one in particular that seems much much larger than the rest and does something completely different. At first it has the same colors as the others and then it turns all bright white and then a split second it's dark and I can't see it. I'll go in the house and come back out later and there it is again and goes through the same sequence while the smaller ones are just in the same spots as when I first witnessed them. My camera captures something but what it captures can't even begin to come close to what I am witnessing. The colors caught my attention when I did not have my glasses on. These things are high in the sky. Some are at levels the planes fly and some are lower and the first original one is above the tree tops but still in the distance. I came back in and got my glasses the first time it had gotten my attention. It is amazing. The growing numbers and the bigger one surprises me this last week. I am hoping they will give me my night skies back. It was kind of cool the first one I saw for a few days but I'm getting tired of these things now. They are not the satellite link things. I don't know how to judge elevation or altitude correctly. I have no idea but they are far up. I called the museum in Roswell and they don't know what I am talking about and a friend suggested I contact you.
