{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110930","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2362,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5292392.json","updb_database_id":5292392}
Seen ufo over lake Ontario

I took my dog out to the bathroom at 12:25 an sat in my lawn chair an was looking at the stars out iver the water when I noticed a red colored light out over the water that was still then moved across the sky the stopped an hovered then moved upward then back to originally spot. It was flashing red to white . At first I thought it was a plane but then it just hovered moving back an forth very slowly so I ran in an got my 22 yr old son up once I realized i was actually seeing something. He came out an we walked closer to the edge of the water an watched as it moved up an down always returning to its original position n hoovering there it would flash red an white an blue with purple hues it had what looked like a reflection around it like it was alumanating an aura around it which looked to be almost triangle shaped but the object looked round from what we could see. It was a ways out iver the water .It would move away from us like it was flying away an would get dimmer then come back to its original spot an be bright again . It moved across the sky line back an forth but always returning to its original position after what seemed like forever watching it ...it eventually just disappeared like was just gone didn't fly in any direction we were watching it an it just vanished. We came in an I looked at the time an according to my clock we only were out there 15 to 20 mins but it felt like an hr or more. We both dont know why we didnt get are phones we both talked about going an getting them but we didnt move an didnt take are eye's off it . After we were upset we didn't record it because it was so unbelievable but we stood there dumb founded . My son said he felt weird but I think it was just nerves because of what we were seeing.
