{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-28 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3925,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5290392.json","updb_database_id":5290392}
Observed unknown object that appeared like a hovering donut with different lights.

On Monday, 12/28/2020, at around 2030 hours I exited the front door of my home to take out trash. Many stars were visible, however, I noticed one particular star visible just above the tree line SE quadrant of the sky that appeared to be brighter than the others. Normally, aircraft are in the area given our location. My initial impression was aircraft lights. Walking back from trash dumpster area I noticed the object again (thinking it was a star at this point in time), but saw different colors that appeared to be pulsating. Noted that colors were green, purple and yellow. Further observed the object and noticed that it did not appear to be moving, but stationary. I had my wife step outside the home since she is a good observer (she is retired police officer). My wifes initial impression was that it was a "big star like two planets together". Wife suggested we get kids (oldest son is 19 and youngest is 12) and drive to a darker area (down the street from us) to look at it. Drove approximately 1 mile from our home (SE direction) to a dead end street and exited our vehicle were we used our cell phone cameras for still pictures and videos. Arriving at the dead end street the object remained immediately noticeable, but still had the general, overall, appearance of a large, or bright, star. However, all of us could see the flickering colors noted in the drop down section of this report. 19 yr/old son used his cell phone magnification to make additional observations: Object appeared to be "pulsing", colors more obvious, and object appeared to be moving slightly upward, downward, backward and left and right as if floating. The distance from us to the object is unknown, but surmised to have been approximately 50 miles away at an altitude of 35,000 feet or higher. I was able to obtain a general direction, altitude and location by comparing flight data from a cell phone application that I use that gives me some information about aircraft near my home. At the time we were watching this object (dead end street position), I saw several commercial aircraft in the area on the cell phone app and used them as a directional, altitude and speed reference. At one point my wife said she saw 4-5 small looking objects fall from the main object. I saw only one small, bright looking, object fall from what looked like beneath the main object. Observation time of the small bright looking objects lasted just moments, 2-3 seconds. Total time spent looking at this larger object was about 30 minutes. When driving home my 19 year old son was studying his video, enlarging it on the screen, when he discovered the "donut" appearing object, with different colors and slight directional movements it appeared to have made. Initially, I reached out to MUFON/Florida but was directed to file a report on this platform for protocol purposes.
