{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-16 05:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3694,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5511392.json","updb_database_id":5511392}
{nd} saw very large hovering object w/a extremely bright glowing light illuminating the entire under side. A metalic body that looked like a building in the sky, yet appeared round or oval. Watch it while driving. Object never moved from its position.

I was driving on Rt 26 heading towards Frederick, Maryland on my way to Oklahoma. It was around 5:40am and still dark outside. I had my mother-in-law with me. She observed the object as well.

As we turned right onto Rt 26 from Rt 27, the only other vehicle we saw was a police vehicle in front of us heading in the same direction. It quickly got out of our sight and we never saw the police vehicle again afterwards. 

I drove for a few short miles and then I (we) noticed a very large and bright light in the South-West sky, somewhere between a 30 to 45 degree angle from the ground. Well above the tree line, way to high to be any tower and much too large. When I got closer, I could see detail. 

It looked like a building in the sky with an extremely bright glowing light emanating from the entire under side. It had a metallic body. It appeared round or oval from its underside. It had detail to its body/building structure, even appeared to have possibly windows or portals by the way the light came from it. 

It never moved, just hovered in the sky. The light coming from its under side stayed steady and only after watching it for several minutes, then all of the sudden the light dimmed, however it was still very bright. The light was an extremely bright glowing light. It was not a light beam, but more like flood lights. To the right side of it, I could make out a small red glowing light. I could not make out any sound.

The sky was clear and dark. I (we) saw no airplane, no helicopter, nothing at all except for this object. When first approaching it, I said to my mother-in-law, "what is that? Do you see that?" Looking at it and seeing detail on it, I knew it was not even close to anything Ive seen before in my life. I am 46 years old and my mother-in-law is 81 (whos husband fought in WWII). Finally she said out of the blue, "its the aliens watching us, I saw that very same thing a few weeks ago near our house in the middle of the night." Even her statement shocked me. I was mesmerized with this object, I didn't know what to do other than keep my eyes on it and still safely drive. 

We observed how it did not move, how extremely bright the light was, how completely different it was from any aircraft we had ever seen before, it was in no way an airplane or helicopter, it had no blinking lights nor lights in any similarness to them. We watch it as I drove just sitting there in the sky over what appeared as open farm ground. Eventually I past it to where I had to turn my head back to look at it, still just hovering in the sky. Then finally we were out of sight from it. 

A week later on our way home, coming through the very same area in daytime, we both studied the area in which we saw this object. No towers of any kind, nothing but open farm land with some scattered houses around.
