{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1956-07-22 13:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73319","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5486392.json","updb_database_id":5486392}
{rjl} With grandfather on a walk. Saw the object and entities. Next thing I know we were in front of my house.

I have never told this story to an agency before, but here it is as I remember it. In 1955 our family moved to the county outside the city limits south of Kansas City to a new home development that was being built. So there was new home construction. This is important as you will see. I was 5 years old when we moved. Either that year or the following year, my grandparents came to visit us. It was a beautiful sunny summer day. The sky was blue with a few white puffy clouds. Grandfather and I took a walk south on Holly Street from 97th to 99th street to a ravine a few yard south of 99th street. We looked down into the ravine and there was a shiny, silvery disc-shaped object that seemed to be floating a few feet above the ground making a humming sound. It seemed as if the object was made of three pieces, a top (like a dinner plate turned upside down), a ribbed center section that seemed to be spinning independently of the top and bottom plates, and a bottom (like a dinner plate turned right side up). But I really can't be sure if it was just the center section or the whole thing that was spinning. There seemed to be several small people there. I was not afraid, but I was very excited and happy to see them. I pointed at them and said something to Grandfather, but he seemed to be in a daze and paid no attention to me. The next thing I remember we were standing in front of my house a few blocks up the street. My Grandfather was still in a daze. I can remember trying to talk to him about it but he seemed to be unresponsive. I was very tired after that and went to sleep on my parents bed. I remember thinking about that before I went to sleep wondering what had happened. Before I went to sleep, I remember thinking that I had seen some plumbing sticking up out of the ground from the construction. And that is what I told myself that it was. I did not remember all this until I was in my 40's running around the track. Then the whole thing came flooding back. There were many other personal consequences I suffered as a result of this event. For example, when my parents took me to see the fairy princess, she was wearing a silvery dress with a wand. I was terrified and ran through the department store and hid inside a rack of clothes. I was terrified of needles and getting shots. At night, I surrounded myself with stuffed animals for protection and when I looked at the window in my bedroom I thought about being on a flying carpet and flying through the sky. I never understood nay of this until that day on the track when everything came flooding back. After that, I had constant, nightly dreams of UFO's, abductions, being in spacecraft. seeing aliens. These dreams went on for years. About 7 years after that day on the track those dreams, thankfully, went away. I also have a lump in the crook of my right arm which I never understood till that day. It's still there. But that is a whole other story. I could make a drawing of the craft. That is crystal clear in my mind. But I have no way of putting it on my computer.
