{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-31 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70229","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2731,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5489392.json","updb_database_id":5489392}
{nd} Was on my way outside to watch the Perseids when this large bright light caught my eye and watched it for thr next four minuteswatched

On Friday, July 31st , I stepped off the front porch of my home at approximately 10p.m. to see if I might catch a few early Perseids in the sky. As I turned to head for the side yard from my porch I was startled by an intensely bright white light traversing the sky in an east to west direction. As it went it would randomly slow veer slightly off any direct path, like it was a first time visitor looking around, then resume speed and course. I debunked it as no meteor as it was too big, bright, and slow for that. Plus, when it would slow slightly it's brightness would lessen then return as it regained speed. When this dimming occurred multi-colored lights on top of the object would become visible until it was father away and the angle of view changed. I estimated the altitude to be 2000-3000 feet when I first saw it and when it reached the other side of the valley, a distance of 6-7 miles it reached in less than ten seconds, it hovered around 500 ft. above the hills bordering the n.w. edge of the valley. I had called to my gf as it was traveling and she had joined me just as it reached the opposite hills and began to hover. Upon doing so it's color changed to a orange-red that seemed to pulsate as it was hovering. After 20-30 seconds it began following the ridgeline of the hills it was above to the s.e., regaining the white, intense glow as it moved, its colored lights, that weren't visible when hovering, twinkled as before. After traveling approximately 4 mls. it stopped and hovered again and resumed the orange-red exterior for maybe ten seconds before continuing down the ridge another 4 mls. stopping to hover again. As it hovered this time it decended half-way to the hilltop below then resumed hovering for maybe ten seconds, then ascended to hover where it had been. Hovering a few more seconds, it then cruised n.e. right up the center of the valley, right over McMinnville airport and disappeared behind a grove of fir trees. We were both filled with astonished exhilaration.
