{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72273","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2678,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5487392.json","updb_database_id":5487392}
{nd} Appeared directly overhead, hovered momentarily, emitted a strong bright beam, was surrounded by a lot of blue vapor.

I live at the end of a canyon that is actually within the Angeles National Forest. I was sitting outside in my patio looking at the sky. The sky was clear and cloudless. It was after dark. First I noticed the beam, then a very large, round mass of blue-white light/mist appeared in the sky directly above me and hovered momentarily. There was a strong, bright beam of light coming from the front, pointing into the direction it was moving. The beam widened as a flashlight does and swept from side to side, slowly. The mist obscured whatever it was from view, and I could see the mist rolling away from it, as it passed over the house. it was completely silent. It continued into the west, leaving behind an electric blue cloud of mist. We could see it far into the distance, though not clearly. The beam of light appeared to be directed downward as it continued west until it disappeared from sight. I thought it was a UFO because I am 58 years old and have only once seen anything else that resembled it, and that thing I believe to have been a UFO. I was curious. I called to my husband to come see it, too. We went to the front of the house so we could continue to watch it, which we did until it disappeared into the distance. I called my neighbor who also saw it and also believed it to be a UFO. I called my son who lives in Warner Springs, 2 1/2 hours from me. He had just seen it, saying he was seeing swirling colors in the sky resembling the Aurora Borealis.
I have since heard that there were sightings Thursday night and no military or FAA operations.
Now the news is saying it's the Navy conducting military operations out to sea. For some reason, I don't believe these explanations. It didn't look at all like a rocket and as far as I know, rockets don't have sweeping beams of light.
I've seen the pictures and videos people have posted online, but they were all taken from a distance and don't look like what I saw from directly below the object.
