{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-06 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3095,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5485392.json","updb_database_id":5485392}
{cak} Seen what I believe to be an angel or fairy.

I was working out in my backyard. This is crazy I don't believe in this stuff. Back ground *never told anyone this story in my life* My mother was born in New Mexico on an airbase with a lizard neck and black goo in her throat. Her lizard skin was removed as a child and she bears the zig zag scar across her throat her whole life. My grandfather who is now deceased always told her anytime you see a red light in the sky it's a u.f.o. My grandfather also used to get me to try to move things with my mind and told me that if I can't my children would be able to. He is now deceased but served the American Airforce during two wars as a airplane mechanic. My mother also told me the story about the girl who was born next to her with elf ears that had to be removed. Ok, now to yesterday, never told anyone that just had to tell someone in the u.f.o field. Yesterday I'm working out in my backyard, clear sunny day just a little chilly when the wind would blow. I grab some weights and go to lay down and do some chest fly's but before I sat down I looked up at two birds. When I looked up at them a glowing golden type light shot by them, left a small trail and disappeared within about 3 seconds. It was flying fast whatever it was, and it had no object like shape, just pure light that started out a ball like but then as it moved become smaller and beam like and just disappeared. As soon as it was visible it was in movement. I dropped my weights, my mother was outside I said Mom! I just seen a u.f.o, I don't think it was aliens I think it's our government and went back to working out. When I laid in bed last night it came back to me, and I came to the conclusion that if it is our government we have shape shifting stealth capabilities beyond my realm of comprehension, so as a Christian I believe I saw an angel or was sent a message from my angel in a form of a fairy or something like that. The story I gave you of my mother is something I've kept a family secret my whole life. I was going to tell Dave Schrader of darkness radio and the paracast team but no one contacted me when I said I've got a story you've never heard in your life and I don't want to come forth with it because my mother is actually living proof of the surgery, my grandmother is still alive to confirm all this, and people are going to copy cat my story and make up bull crap and this is serious to me. Thank you for your time, please contact me for any questions. Matthew
