{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-11 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2943,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5499392.json","updb_database_id":5499392}
{nd} Saw Two Objects Move Across Ocean, One Fairly Close Moving Over Condos

Sighting in Panama City Beach, Florida on the balcony of condo, approximately 10:25pm-10:30pm. 

My partner and I were on the balcony looking out at the sky. We noticed a light directly in front of us over the ocean. The object was too far away to determine it's shape, but it was blinking in a wild pattern. The object moved very quickly across the sky. It appeared from the horizon, moving towards us, and within aa minute it disappeared. A few seconds later it was on the other side of the sky and then vanished. As we scanned the sky to find the object, I discovered an apparently different object floating fairly close to us. I'd say within about 500 feet, give or take, just about two condos down the beach. When we first saw this object, we weren't sure what it was. It was just unlike anything else. 

I locked onto it with binoculars and it was such a bright color, it almost didn't look real. My partner took a turn as well and determined it was a cylindrical shape. It was redish-orange and was pulsating in and out as it ascended above the condo at an angle. It didn't seem to be rotating or making any movements besides ascending. My partner said it looked like it was facing one direction, while moving in another. 

When we first sighted the object we were in a state of intrigue. We knew nothing commercial would be flying that close to a condo, and a kite would not glow to that degree, much less pulsate. We reacted by grabbing the binoculars and never taking our eyes off it. It made my heart pound and it's like we couldn't stop watching it. Even now that it's gone, it feels like we should be looking for it. Once it flew over that condo we raced to the front balcony to see if we could still see it, but it was gone. We kept watch for at least 30 minutes afterwards, pacing back and forth from balcony to balcony, but we never spotted it again. 

*I have included a 24 second video. It was shot with an iPhone camera so it's not very great. You can see, on the left side of the video though, that there is an object moving very, very slowly. This video does not do justice and is probably useless, but I felt I should include it anyway.
