{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-04 14:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527392","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28237","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2547,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/392/mufon-5527392.json","updb_database_id":5527392}
Oval UFO at Aubenas

I was at my house, trying to look near the sun with my binoculars by using some kind of structure to block out the sun, to see UFO's. I had a surprising result with the naked eye, and read somewhere that you could see them better with binoculars, so I'd try it(well, it does, but it also hurts your eyes aftermath, so I don't recommend doing it). But that is another story.

I found myself some comfortable place to observe, by opening the door and sitting in the corridor. I could adjust when the sun was moving down by simply moving further in the house. But when looking in the binoculars, I saw a black object, oval with the edges kinda flatenned saturn-like. It was very small even in the binoculars and I though it was a bird. But it just hovered there and could only be a UFO. It was completely black, and smooth with no structure protuding from it. It had 3 lights, faint in the daylight, red-orrangish, lighting and turning off at regular intervalls of 5 seconds. Imagine 3 beacons, light from left to right, and fade off quickly. The lights were separated from the UFO, there was nothing between them and the ufo. The lights, turned on maybe 4 or 5 times and then stopped, The UFO just hovered there without moving. My arms were tired because of the weight of the binoculars so I put them down for sometime, then looking back up it was still there. Then it accelered instantly, at high speed to the south and dissapeared behind the mountains, not enormously high speed like you see in the youtube videos, but still very high speed, it also looked like it was falling down, but still dissapeared behind the mountains which were pretty far away (about 4 km). Using Horizontal coordinate system the object was about 451 high when hovering, 01 being the horizon and 901 the zenith. I made a drawing as best as I could representing what I saw.
