{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-05-21 22:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549578","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3070","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/578/mufon-5549578.json","updb_database_id":5549578}
Balls of light witnessed during electrical storm

Witness OneI live in Washington, D.C. within the No-Fly Zone. On Friday evening, May 21,2004, I was watching television in bed. At approximately 1030 pm, anelectrical storm began to develop.I was beginning to get sleepy and was considering turning the television off andgoing to sleep. When there were two very rare bursts of static on thetelevision about a minute apart both at 1042, according to my TiVo clock, mydecision to go to sleep was made since I also feared that it might not be safeto leave the television on any longer. I pressed the record button on my TiVoso that I could finish watching the program at another time, very likely made aquick trip to the bathroom though Im not sure, took off my glasses Im very nearsighted, and got back into bed.I lay down on my left side facing the large panoramic windows in my bedroom. Even with my very impaired vision, I immediately became aware of some lightsmoving in the sky in a way Id never seen before. I immediately sat up,retrieved my glasses from the night table, and put them on. Outside my windowand over Rock Creek Park and a large residential building across the street,balls of light were moving rapidly and a bit jerkily in an oval-shapedcounterclockwise pattern.Its difficult to say exactly how many there were, but I believe that fourindividual lights would be a good estimate. After watching them for a stunnedminute or two, I got out of bed, and went next door to get my sister. Togetherwe stood at the window and watched this light show for approximately fiveminutes. Towards the end, the lights seemed to simply fade away through theheavy cloud cover until there was only one left. That light eventually faded aswell. I did not look at the clock again until after my sister left. The timewas 1058.Though Ive called them balls of light, they werent perfectly spherical. Therewas no hard edge to them, though I do believe there was a brighter intensity atthe center of each. During the entire event, they kept moving in the samecircular pattern96 very, very rapidly and very, very erratically, Though pinpointing preciselywhere they were is tough, I recall that my sister and I both stooped a bit toget a full view of the show. I usually have the blinds in my bedroom about 13of the way down.I forgot until the next evenin
