{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-07-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489578","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70035","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/578/mufon-5489578.json","updb_database_id":5489578}
{dr}We had no idea at the time we were witnessing a UFO.

It was a summer's evening in July of 1976. My husband, myself and five children were headed home to Ortonville, Mn. from a family get together in Fergus Falls, Minn.
We turned onto highway 75 and were headed south. It was a cloudy evening and just before reaching the outskirts of Fairmount, ND (a border town) I happened to look out the car window towards the west and saw this object coming out of the clouds. It was disc shaped with a protruding bottom. I was sure I was just seeing things so didn't say anything right a way. 
Then I looked again and the object was still there but this time it dematerialized. Within a second it had materialized. Finally told my husband who was driving to take a quick look and see what he thought the "thing" was. He said right a way it was no airplane and had no idea what it was.
We drove a long and the object kept coming closer to us. During this time it dematerialized and materialized at least three times. We couldn't believe what we were seeing and became quite anxious. The children were also scared and wondered what was going on. By now we could make out it was a silver metallic color but it made no sound. There were no lights or windows. 
It approached our car and for the next sixty miles it hovered above our car some times switching sides. One minute it would be on my husband's side and the next second on my side. We kept swerving our heads trying to see where it was going. By now we were all quite frightened and even my husband who was usually calm was agitated. He was having a time driving and still try to keep track of what was going on.
As we drove down the highway we noticed some cars and even semi's were pulling over to the side of the road. As we passed by, they pointed their fingers at the top of our car and some even honked their horns. I remember specifically one car going by us with a woman driving. As she went by her eyes were as big as saucers and her mouth was wide open. She looked terrified! And I am sure we looked the same to her!
As we continued our journey home cars kept pulling over, honking and pointing. About two miles out of Ortonville, the object left us and landed behind a grove of trees. I saw it land but when I looked again, it was completely gone.
The next day we mentioned what we saw to a few people. Some of them checked to find out if there were was any air traffic during the time we were there and there wasn't any. 
During the time of this happening we didn't know about UFO's but even after thirty nine years I know the exact area where I first noticed it and the exact place where it landed.
What still bothers me is why did the UFO follow us for such a length of time? What was it after? There was no time loss or anything that affected any of us (I don't think!) Suppose this will remain a mystery!
