{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283578","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119859","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2872,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/578/mufon-5283578.json","updb_database_id":5283578}
Screaming and Odd Stain on Sheets

Date & Time: ~1:30 am Thursday, 16 December 2021
This is difficult to explain. I'm not sure if it's proof of an abduction, but it might be.

I recently had back surgery. Because I have to sleep on my back and snore when I do so, I was sleeping in a separate bedroom than my husband. 

Husband's account: At approximately 1:30 am (according to my husband) I began screaming in a way he'd never heard before. He described it as "screaming like someone was stabbing you to death". He ran in the room with a gun and flashlight only to find me completely alone. When he asked me what was wrong I said I had a nightmare a shark was eating me alive.

My account: I was "dreaming" that I was on my back on a steel table with a white sheet covering my body up to my shoulders in a cold room and I was trying to scream but my mouth wouldn't open. I tried harder and harder to scream but only a low "mmph" came out. I do remember my husband waking me, but I don't remember telling him I had a nightmare about a shark.

Strange physical "proof": Last night I returned to the bedroom to go to sleep and I noticed two things. First, the sheets, blanket and comforter were all tangled, pillows were on the floor, like multiple people had a crazy night in the bed. You can ask my husband. I'm an extremely "tidy" sleeper. I can get up in the morning and just fold the place where I was in bed back under the pillows and the bed making is done. Everything on the bed was twisted in the middle. I thought it was strange. Then I started making the bed. And that's when I noticed the second strangeness. 

There was a round almost rusty water looking stain about the size of a large serving platter on the sheet where I would have been in the bed. It smelled musty to me. My husband said it smelled metallic. 

At first we though maybe my German Shepherd had peed on the bed, but that's the strange thing. There was no transfer stain anywhere. Not on the blanket, not on the comforter, not on the pillows, not on the sheet directly under it. Nothing. Like someone just took the sheet, stained it and then put it back.

So here's my question: Is there a lab where I can take the sheet and discretely have it analyzed to find out what the stain is?
