{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-16 05:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484578","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75245","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/578/mufon-5484578.json","updb_database_id":5484578}
{cak} Stepped out front door, looked to the north, observed bright light ascend at a slow steady speed.

At exactly 5:22 am . I stepped out my front door to smoke a cigarette I looked out over the tree line towards the North west and observed a bright white light in the form of a ball with what looked like a bright white smaller object above it start to as end at an angle upwards at a slow steady speed .I heard no noise . I couldn't believe what I Was seeing . I immediately stepped back inside my door to retrieve my tactical flashlight so I could signal the object . why ? I don't know . but I did. But when I stepped back out after only being I inside for only 5 seconds, the objects where gone. I looked everywhere for the objects in the sky but nothing. I noticed that the flock of wild turkeys that live in the fields across from my house began to gobble loudly. after searching the sky for objects, I finally observed a light high in the sky flying south from the north. I do not know if that was the object I first observed but? The sky was dark and clear. no clouds cool and no winds or breezes. I believe I observed a true UFO. I want to add that object seemed to be ascending from an area near a creek and a horse ranch with open land around it about a quarter mile away from my house. this object looked like it was two objects connected by a thin light. small bright ball light with a larger ball light object below, looked like a barbell. very very strange. I was excited about observing this object and knew right away it was a UFO. I wasn't afraid at all I was disappointed that I had chosen to take my attention off of this object to retrieve my flashlight for just a few seconds and lost the opportunity to continue watching it ascend and what it might have done. but I'm glad that I did have the opportunity to see it if only for just a brief moment.
PS. This object ascended at a about a 45 degree angle not a straight up and down angle. this was in no way a balloon, nor a helicopter.
