{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519578","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37212","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/578/mufon-5519578.json","updb_database_id":5519578}
UFO Sighting over Pleasant Hill, MO

Just found this site after searching for UFO sightings in my area, and what do you know... there was a similar sighting really close by on the same night! But anyways, Me and a buddy of mine were driving to another friends house last night around 10 pm when i noticed an odd colored flying object. I live 30 miles from Whiteman airforce base, soo i see lots of different aircraft flying around all the time. Stealths, F-18s, MIlitary Helicopters, lots of stuff. But this light wasnt moving at all at first, which is what caught my attention. That and i have never seen a USA craft with an amber/burnt orange color light that wasnt flickering. It stayed solid one color the whole time we were viewing it. As we approached our friends house we got out of the car to get a better look at it. By this time it looked like it was heading towards us in a slow moving line. It wasnt bobbing, or making any sudden movements. It wasnt giving off any sound! As it crept closer moving in the same line, me and my buddy pulled out our phones and turned on our strobe light apps. (im not really sure why i didn't pull out the video camera app instead)But as we were flashing our strobe lights at it, it made a 45 degree turn AWAY from us and took off faster than i have ever seen anything move in my life! We watched the orb go from clearly visable and rather large, to smaller than a star until it wasnt visible at all. Sighting didn't last long at all, 3-5 mins tops! Ive claimed to my friends ive seen some weird things before, but this had to have been the strangest thing ive seen personally. Considering going to by an HD camera soo if something like this ever happens again, i can be sure to catch it on video.
