{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504578","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54308","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3060,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/578/mufon-5504578.json","updb_database_id":5504578}
{kt}I never saw the UFO until on board and it looked sort of like a mall.

After moving to Washington state in early June, just camping and enjoying different places in the Cascade Mts., all we had was an open air tarp and bed-roll set up the night I believe I had an encounter with an alien being on the bank of the Wenatchee river, 3 miles west of Leavenworth WA. U.S.A. on or about June 15th 1992. I remember hearing a rustling in the bushes and rolled over on my stomach to look and did a double take when I saw a typical large eyed, small bodied alien staring at me. It was faintly glowing a light green translucent color. I was not truly afraid until I looked into its shining black eyes. I instantly turned to reach for a very large butcher knife that I had planted in the ground beside me. Right before I touched the knife, everything went blank. These events took maybe 3 or 4 seconds. Later that night I woke and built a big campfire. I could not go back to sleep. I remember having 3 vivid "dreams" before getting up and starting the fire. The first memories of the first dream were of looking out a window and seeing space with stars. There were big blank rectangular areas where there were no stars like something was flying alongside invisible, but blocking the view of the stars. I remember being led through a giant ship that reminded me of a huge mall. There were different types of creatures. Some were normal human looking. I could not speak and no one seemed at all interested in me. I forget the second "dream". The 3rd dream was a stormy night dream where I was sucked up into a tornado. ( very vivid memory of this. ) That is when I finally woke up just shaking with fear. I've thought about doing the hypnosis thing to see what really happened but have not. I didn't tell anybody about this for about 3 years. I tried to convince myself for some time that it was a dream, but I could not deny the reality of the alien encounter. I once read a book ( I forget the title ) about UFO sightings and there was only one sighting among the stories that were in Washington state. The sighting was of a UFO seen by Mt Rainier on the same date as my encounter. I also read about the hundreds of USO's that were seen coming out of the water by many witnesses around Santa Monica California earlier that same evening which spurred a lot of calls to the police in the area. My only child was born exactly 10 years to the day of this event. Coincidence?
