{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524692","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31129","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3214,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/692/mufon-5524692.json","updb_database_id":5524692}
UFO's in photographs of blackhawk helicopter

I was outside with my Nikon D-60 10 megapixel digital SLR camera just taking pictures of whatever might make a good picture, lizards etc... anyways. I noticed a blackhawk helicopter flying overhead and took 5 pictures of it as it passed over. This was back in the spring. around May I'm guessing maybe early June. Well yesterday I transfered the pictures from the memory card to the computer, and as I was looking through them I noticed a white spherical or egg shaped object that appears to be at a higher altitude than the helicopter. about the 10 o`clock position as you are looking at the photo of the helicopter. Well in the next photo there is a black cigar shaped object that appears to be almost directly in front of the helicopters flightpath and at about the same altitude maybe a mile out in front of the blackhawk helicopter, but the white sphere is not in this photograph. the other pictures of the helicopter show nothing. But in these 2 pictures there is definitly something physical in the sky along with the helicopter. I did not notice them at the time I took the photos.I have attached the two photos. You be the judge. Pictures have not been altered in any way. Not enlarged, cropped. Zoom in on the objects in the pictures... its grainy when zoomed all the way in but it will give you a better view and shapes of the objects. 

I would like to add that approximaty within 2 weeks before or after this event I was standing in just about the exact same spot gazing at the sky and noticed a greyish/white sphere, then another, then another.... Once my eyes were trained on that position of the sky I started noticing a lot of these objects. probably at least 10 and they were all flying in a westerly direction in a very loose formation at very high altitude,all of them had about the same flight path. A few of the objects were "wandering" within the formation though and I saw sunlight reflecting off of a couple of them, but it wasnt a bright glint, was more of a dull greyish reflection. I tried getting pics of those but I couldnt get the camera to autofocus on them and by the time I switched it to manual and pointed the camera skyward they were gone. I'm beginning to think that our skies are filled with things like this but they are very hard to notice if you arent looking directly at them. Anyways thats it....
