{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491692","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/692/mufon-5491692.json","updb_database_id":5491692}
I was in a flying canoe exiting a grounded mothership.

Living in Air Force Base housing on Ramstein Air Base in Feb 2005. My baby was asleep. My husband was working the night shift on the flight line. He was responsible for putting fuel into airplanes. I went to bed around 2am and fell asleep. I woke up in my bed at 6am and immediately recalled the following and as the morning progressed, the details formed more clearly in my memory:

I was high above the flightline in some sort of flying canoe. There were dozens of other flying canoes with 2 people and an alien in each canoe. 

We were all floating away from a gigantic mother ship. It was behind me and/or to my right. It was a saucer-shaped craft with a row of lights all around the perimeter, I don't remember if the lights were colorful or just white. 

In my canoe I was with an alien and a human man. I sensed the alien was a female because telepathically she was communicating love, comfort, and protection for me and the man. The man was in the same circumstance I was in. We both felt safe and happy.

The alien was sitting in front of me, and the man was sitting behind me. But I was turned looking to my right, so really the alien was on my left and the man was on my right. We were up in the air, I could see the tops of 1-story buildings along the flightline. It was in the middle of the night, so more than I remember seeing rooftops, I remember seeing lights on the buildings, and the bright lights of the flightline, and the lights of the mothership illuminating everything.

We were quiet, calm, content, and although I have no recollection of what happened before that moment in the canoe or how we got there or why, I do clearly remember how I felt in that moment. The man and I had just shared some sort of significant experience together, and although I have no recollection, I sense that the aliens had this man & I mate for the purpose of procreation. That was the feeling I had afterwards in the canoe, a very peaceful, meaningful feeling. 

The man was a stranger to me, but we'd shared a significant experience together, and even though I intuitively knew we'd never see each other again, it was ok because we had served our purpose and we were at peace, no need for a typical human bond. 

That's literally all I remember, a period of about 10 seconds, sitting in that "canoe," observing everything around me and feeling at peace.

Next thing I remember I woke up at home in my bed at 6am. I was well-rested, unharmed, feeling fine. Perhaps it was a dream? It sure didn't feel anything like a dream. I've never had any such dream in my life before or since.

When my husband came home that morning, he mentioned that on his way to the car on his way to work the night before, he noticed that anyone outside at that time was looking up into the sky. So he looked up in the sky too, and he saw a cluster or a triangle of round lights below the clouds, above the rooftops. He drove the mile or two to work, and everyone he saw was looking up in the sky. When he got to work he looked up and the lights were still there. Then he had to go into work indoors. The next time he went outside he said the lights were still there. Then back indoors. Next time he went out, the lights were gone. He's not much of a talker, so he never mentioned if he talked to his co-workers about it too.

About a month or two later the Ramstein Air Force Base newspaper wrote an article about it. Probably because so many people were talking about it and wanting an explanation. The newspaper article acknowledged that there were indeed unusual lights in the sky that February night but they passed it off as something explainable and non-newsworthy.

Hmm.

I see we have the ability here to upload pictures along with our report. I'm no artist AT ALL but this is the first time I've even thought about drawing what I saw. Perhaps I'll seek an artist who can render my description better. The most remarkable aspect of what I saw were the DIMENSIONS and HEIGHT from which I observed everything below. 

I discovered this MUFON website a couple weeks ago. Thankfully I still recall that February night 10 years ago very clearly.
