{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-29 21:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489692","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69917","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3779,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/692/mufon-5489692.json","updb_database_id":5489692}
{dr}I was taking my dog for walk when I looked up the street seen bright white light that turned whitish blue then to a deep red as I went to get the camera it turn into a yellowish orange cigar-shaped when I got back it had returned tobluish white orb s

This happened August 29th at 9:55 p.m. when I was walking my dog up our street going west when I looked up the street noticing a bluish white light, at first I thought it was a planes nav lights because after a few seconds the light had changed to red, but the light was not blinking or moving it stayed red and seemed to be getting brighter and more vibrant at this time the object faded back to the bluish white light and began to move side to side for about 5 to 10 seconds not too much just enough to notice it wasn't stationary then it stopped and seemed to be hovering It had only been about 1 minute that I had been watching the object and at this time it change from the bluish white to red and began to move up then down a few times it moved much more than the side to side motion and it didn't move fast it moved slow and steady. At this time I had reached the driveway to my house. Before I went to get the camera I seen it changed into a yellowish orange cigar-shaped light or orb. Before it change shape the bluish white light was a sphear or circle and the light seem to then turn a yellowish orange and stretch into the cigar shape. IT WAS TRIPPY!! At this point I ran to the camera by the time I made it back to the road the yellowish orange cigar shaped had turn back to the whitish blue orb and was still changing colors back from bluish white to red, the light did not seem to be blinking it seemed as if the entire object was fading in and out from bluish white to red taking about 3 to 5 seconds to change from bluish white to red each time it changed. At this point it had been about two two and a half minutes total that I had watched the object. With camera in hand I started walking down the street to get closer to the object. As I was walking closer towards the object it seem to be either descending below the tree line or moving away holding a steady red glow no longer changing from whitish blue to red. At this point I started to back away from the object to try and keep it in my view but as I kept backing up keeping it my view it kept moving away (west) or getting lower. I had watched the object for probably about 4 to 5 minutes total. Unfortunately well I was trying to take pictures or film,nothing would show up due to the streetlights interference on the camera I did manage to take a video but like I said with the street lights you could not see the orb or any sign of it in the video. I don't know exactly how far away it was but the object most likely was a mile or so away and anywhere from 100 - 800 foot up I really couldn't say. I do know that it was very cloudy because it was about to rain and the light or orb was well below the cloud line. From the time I realized it was not an airplane a feeling of anxiousness excitement and curiosity had overwhelmed me and all I could keep thinking was please come closer so I could get a better view and a wonder of what it could be or WHO?!
