{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-06 01:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528692","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/692/mufon-5528692.json","updb_database_id":5528692}
aircraft with unusual lights or ufo

Close to 1:45am, I was in my kitchen when a twinkling light caught my eye through the glass door. It was the southern sky, fairly low, about as bright as Venus would be. My first thought was that it was just a plane or helicopter, but I realized something about the twinkling and blinking of the light was not quite like anything I'd seen before. It would twinkle brightly with a whitish light and then there would be dimmer lights (also seeming to twinkle) which seemed to have more color to them. I could not distinguish if they were the conventional red & green of a plane- just that they weren't the same bright white. I think the thing that was most odd was that the sequence of the lights seemed completely random. The bright (white) light seemed to be "on" for anywhere from 1 to 5 seconds, and "off" for a similar irregular interval. When "on," it would change quite a bit in intensity. At first, I'd had an impression the light was sort of rotating or spinning around something, but then it just seemed to random. I opened the door and took a step outside and couldn't hear any engine noise, though as bright as the light was, it seemed I should have been able to hear something- however, there was interference noise from inside the house and it was a bit breezy. It was also overcast and showery (though not raining at that moment). I could see a layer of clouds above and/or beyond the light, but the light itself was in the clear. The object moved in a smooth straight line, seemingly towards the southeast, not going up or down in elevation that I could see. It seemed to me to be somewhat slower than a plane generally would be, but I suppose that could have been an illusion. After a couple of minutes, my view became blocked by my neighbors' house (and then trees and hills). Before the light caught my attention I had been happily watching "The Walking Dead" on tv, so I'd just like to note that this light did look so unusual to me that I felt compelled to duck out on several minutes of the season finale to investigate. That being said, I suppose my initial thoughts were probably correct, and it was either a plane or helicopter whose lights for some reason just looked very odd. I did try to look up info on identifying aircraft by their lights (particularly why the blinking would have been so random), but did not find much- at least not enough to completely convince me, so that's why I wrote this report.
