{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-23 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510692","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/692/mufon-5510692.json","updb_database_id":5510692}
Fast white Light changing in two lights disappearing fast

I was in my sleepingroom at the window which lays in north-west direction. I was standing there at the open window smoking a cigarettes before going to sleep. On the other Side of the Street (maybe 10 to 12 meters away) there are several Houses which are laying a few meters lower than my Appartment so I can look over it. 

At 11:10pm (23:10 Uhr CET/MET), i watched two small Stars in the Sky on the left side above the Houses. Normal stars. 
Suddenly i noticed a small white Light under the Stars coming closer very fast in south-east direction. My first Thought was "Airplane", but than I noticed that there were no flashing green or red lights on it. It appears very fast and maybe 2-3 seconds later it was brighter and a little bit bigger than the Stars above.

It hovered for maybe two seconds and seemed to turn a little bit. There I noticed that it were two white Lights, same brightness, same colour, same size. Like Frontlights of a car. 
I just wanted to turn around and grab my cellphone (to make a picture or video) and than it disappeared in a...well what can I say...unnormal speed. I stared at it, but just saw it flying away and disappearing in the dark.

After that, I stood at the Window for maybe one Hour more and waited for it to come back. Cellphone in Hands. It didn't came back. 

In that Hour I saw 3-4 Airplanes flying by. Even in far Distance I can hear the noises of the Planes. But that Thing, didn't make any sound. It was just not the same. I just cant explain it. 

Since that day I have my HD-Camera right beside me and hope to see it again. My best Friend, even my Girlfriend wont believe me because one month ago, we had a Discussion about UFOs and stuff like that. They now that I am a Believer, watching many Videos in the last days and now think Im telling lies. 
Well, we will see someday.

Greetz from Bochum, Germany
