{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-09-28 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527692","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/692/mufon-5527692.json","updb_database_id":5527692}
Had an alien at the foot of my bed

I was asleep with my husband next to me. We had watched a movie and the tv was now on a blue screen with no other lights on in the room. I woke up and saw an alien at the foot of my bed holding onto the rod iron railing. I have a sleigh bed. As I was waking up I started to re-wet my contacts by blinking alot. Then when I realized what I was seeing I started to freak out. I never believed people when they said they were so scared they were "frozen" until that night. When I saw it I tried to scream and nothing came out. I tried to hit my husband but my arms wouldn't move. It was shear terror feeling. After about 10 seconds (which felt like and eternity) I was able to get my arm to move a little. He saw me move and then his mouth went from this tiny little hole to a big opening and he ran out of my bed room and into the kitchen which was 3 feet from my bedroom door. I heard his feet when he hit the floor in the kitchen. After another 30 seconds or so I was able to scream and start moving. I hit my husband and got him up and told him what I saw. I turned every light on into the house and went into the kitchen. The back door was not open. I can tell you he is about 3 and a half feet tall. With reptile like skin, and is kinda glossy. It was a weird green / gray color. He had 3 fingers kinda long, and yes they were on my bed railing. I took my bed railing off and it's been in my attic ever since. I can't look at it. I told my father (a retired LT. Colonel from the Army National Gaurd) the next day and other family members. So do I believe in aliens. YES I have seen one!!! I worked at Ruth's Chris Steak House for 8 years so you know I am not a nut case.:) I am still married. My husband does Commercial Heating and Air and I have twin boys 8 months old and a 2 year old daughter.
