{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-20 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500692","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58400","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4487,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/692/mufon-5500692.json","updb_database_id":5500692}
5 Randomly glowing spherical lights

Hello MUFON,

The report I1m about to present is of utter importance and attention.
First of all i was not a believer in UFOs and stuff since i only believe what i see until this UFO sighting. I was so very distressed after this sighting that i planned to report it to ISRO, India. But then i contacted a friend of mine and he suggested that it'll be of no use. He told me that i should watch Hangar 1 that was being telecasted on History TV 18 at that time. Mufon case files changed my vision a lot and i pledged to report it to any concerned authority other than dying with this secret.

But before reporting the incident i would like to describe my place of residence i.e. BABINA. It is actually the biggest army base in India. I being the son of a Retired Army Personnel, know the military might of this area but i cannot disclose anything further. Just to give you an insight of what is it, i would tell you that every year THE SINGAPORE 
ARMY visits only this place in India for Military Training. Even the U.S. Marines came here in 2010 for training.

The incident:-
Those days the temperature was scorching like 48-49 degree Celsius in our state with frequent electricity cutoffs for hours. It was on 18th June when we decided to spend some time on the roof stargazing and to experience some cool breeze that used to blow at night. So at about 10:15 PM we went there and lay down stargazing and chatting.
At nearly 10:36 PM something caught my attention that flew past my peripheral vision and immediately I glanced at it, watching me act so rapidly my younger brother too saw at the same direction. Both of us witnessed some ghostly balls flying very slowly and noiselessly. It lasted for about 10secs until I lost it amidst the far sky. It was a cloudy night, no stars and winds were blowing pretty fast so we couldn1t really figure out what those things were. Really we couldn1t come to any conclusion, it could be anything. 
Keeping this in mind we planned to go once again, this time with equipment like binoculars, pen and paper. But the next day due to some important work none of us could go there for a single minute. 

The very next day i.e. 20th June 2014 we reached on our roof, picked the same spot, lied down. But this time we were in deep confusion about whether we could be able see it this time. Reason was that night the conditions were completely antagonistic to the previous night of sighting. No wind, no clouds, visible stars, all the locality was lit up since there was no electricity cutoff, loud music coming from nearby marriage house etc.

At the same time like the previous night i.e. 10:40 PM we (Me, my younger brother, my mother) witnessed 5 (this time clearly visible) orbs, dim yellow in color, randomly glowing, in a fixed formation, from South East, flying at a constant speed of about 20kmph, at above 20-25ft above head, noiselessly and went towards North West (towards the military base). 

In its course of flight, the time when it came just above our head, all three of us were just speechless. I remember the shiver that went through my body. I couldn1t1 even pick up the pen and write the details at the same time. We didn1t even required the Binoculars as it was so clearly seen. Yeah I was an UFO because I1ve never seen such a thing in my life. I was born and brought up in a military background so I can trust my senses and yes I1m damn sure it was an UFO.
We were so terribly in shock that we didn1t even move. We lost its sight when it went too far and diminished. In all it was visible for 15-20secs but it seemed that we saw it for an hour. 

After that time I ran down and wrote the whole incident on paper and also made a sketch so that I do not forget what I saw. Amazing sighting.

Thank you.
