{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-04-15 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502684","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56311","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/684/mufon-5502684.json","updb_database_id":5502684}
{cak} bright light and orbs as seen on video clip ( Provided

Ok I will upload the clip of what the camera caught.  I want to say a few things about it before I do.

To start with I'm in Alaska and this was captured on a very cold night 18 degrees with snow on the ground.

I probably need to draw you a picture of the layout of my house, but I'll try to convey it here.

There is a 40 foot motor home in the front and I think you can see it in the clip. This house is on a lake and

there is no where for anyone to go except the local people that live back here as the road dead ends here.

So reflection from lights is not possible. The electric company has a work yard across the street from my house, but you 

can not see it when my motor home was parked here. The cameras were put in by ADT and are fixed and can not move.

You can see one bright object that comes from around the corner of my house and heads straight towards the camera and 

then just goes down what looks like the street but you can't see much after it goes by.  But, I slowed down the clip and

discovered that there were many orbs that night going straight back and forth across the yard and driveway and they were

of various sizes and density.  First thing is to have an open mind as I had to when looking at this clip.  The clip has not been 

modified in any way shape or form. It's as real as it gets and it kind of scared me but I still live here today.

Another strange thing that happens in the winter, especially this past winter here is that there was a ground vibration here

that only happened at night. You could just feel it on the couch but really could feel it in bed. This was very strange as this

house sits on a concrete slab foundation.  I also had a strange thing happen to me here in Alaska when I was a child. I'm 65 now.

It was before the earth quake of 1964 here. I was fishing on the Russian River here and saw a strange round object in the

clouds but never told anyone. Also what I saw as a big orange brown spear I will submit this clip to start with on the site as I also joined your site.

BTW: all the orbs you see will be moving in a straight line without any deviation as far as I could tell in course. Please have

someone that knows what they are doing look at this clip as I'm sure something strange is going on here.

Thanks for your time and I'm glad that you have this thing going.

I will upload that clip tonight as it's on a different computer than this one. 

[Name removed/cms/tg]
