{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-31 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289684","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113670","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2356,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/684/mufon-5289684.json","updb_database_id":5289684}
Interactive light moving in straight line, then 15 minutes later larger light behind us

Early in the morning, approx. 1:30 am on May 31 2020 I an my friend were in the backyard around the fire pit looking at the night sky. We noticed a light moving in a SE to NE track that lit up like a lighthouse. We would signal it with a laser pointer (never directly at the craft, but around it) and it would respond with a light that got brighter, like a lighthouse light. This occurred for about 45 seconds as it tracked across the sky. While we continued to watch the same area for about 15 minutes to see if it would return, we glanced over our left shoulders to see a large stationary light just above the tree line in my backyard. It was very bright, approx. half the size of a full moon and a pure white light. Within seconds (approx. 5) of us seeing it, it shot straight up leaving a teardrop shape tail before disappearing. We did not see anything else that evening. The moon was out that evening, but had begun to disappear
behind the trees to the west. It was still visible through the trees behind us, but this was more in a NW direction and the moon was to the West. As an addition, we had been doing some modified ghost box sessions in an attempt to make contact with something that evening. The modification has been dubbed the Estes method on the documentary Hellier. It involves the main user of the ghost box to use noise cancelling headphones and a blind fold to remove any external interaction from others. They cannot hear any conversation being had outside of the feed from the spirit box. We record every session and have those available if needed. I have a photographic memory and remember great details about everything. This night is etched in my mind.
