{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-21 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458684","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102844","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3297,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/684/mufon-5458684.json","updb_database_id":5458684}
{rjl}Do Drones fly during Lightning strikes in Florida?

Last night during an area wide Lightning storm I witnessed an object in the SW sky from my back patio. I've been watching a large brightly lit entity in the South southwestern sky which I believe is a planet, the last two nights. I observed the planet/bright star for a few seconds during the Lightning strikes, then noticed ( high enough to appear to be a commercial airplane,well over the height allowed for drone flights) an object with very bright Red lights. 
In my peripheral vision, Lightning was lighting up the entire skyline to the South and west but I did not avert my eyes off that object. 
It was so far up in the sky I figured it was a helicopter or airplane, and thought, I hope they land safely in this crazy weather. That object with Bright red lights, (before I could digest this isn't a plane!) was dropping out of the sky very rapidly in a very direct line coming towards me & it happened so fast& made No noise . I don't know why other than shock and denial, I looked at the southern skyline filled with Lightning strikes for what seemed to be 3 or 4 seconds. Then I realized I was hearing a familiar noise in that few seconds and it was the sound that comes out of the truck's speakers that sprays for mosquitoes in our subdivision. It definitely sounded like a giant drone, which is what I was convinced I was now staring at in disbelief, bigger that a car, with Bright red lights, hovering just above my neighbors home. In that second I realized that there were no mosquito trucks, and what I was seeing & hearing was this gigantic drone like object with round red lights. As soon as I looked at the object, it moved laterally to the East, without changing roof top level , and disappeared from my sight from the back yard. I I want to believe that it was a personal or commercial drone bigger than a car making this unbelievable noise and the operator of that drone just got misdirected in the lightning storm. I have absolutely no experience with unidentified objects or the flight patterns of drones and must say that it may or may not have been a drone. It just made a direct line from very high up in the sky directly towards me and it happened so fast I really couldn't believe what I was seeing. I did not want to file this report I have no experience with unidentified objects or the flight patterns of commercial or private drones. I do not believe it was a drone because it was so high up in the sky as it made this direct path towards me so fast with no noise. I'm not sure what I saw but it wasn't normal to be hovering over the rooftop of my neighbor's house then when I looked up at it immediately disappeared
