{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-17 17:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455684","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105922","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3348,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/684/mufon-5455684.json","updb_database_id":5455684}
{rjl} Saw 2 Tic Tac shaped objects

I was walking in my neighborhood for exercise just after 5 pm and often watch airplanes fly over as I live in the landing path for Arlington's city airport and Dallas/Ft. Worth International Airport. I was walking south and randomly looked to my left (to the east) and up in the sky and noticed two white objects that were in the air. It was a clear day. I didn't hear anything, I just happened to look in that direction and saw them. They were moving faster that a prop plane but just a bit slower than commercial jets I usually see flying higher up. They were significantly higher than any private planes I see in the area and higher than commercial jets on their approach to land. I captured a photo of the objects and a 737 (looks like) is also in the photo and provides a reference to the size and altitude of the objects. I thought these objects might be drones but they were higher than commercial aircraft in the area and it didn't make sense they'd be flown that high given it's just south of a major airport with a lot of commercial traffic.

I continued to watch them as they traveled to the West/North West. They were steady in their speed and didn't make any sudden turns, stops or accelerations. I took two photos I though were the best I was going to get but didn't think to take video. I was a bit embarrassed to be standing on the sidewalk looking up in the middle of my neighborhood. I was standing still when I was observing them and the path I was taking once I continued to walk would turn me 180 degrees where I could continue to observe them. I started my walk and by the time I was facing in their direction again, which was probably around 45 seconds later, I could not locate them.

I didn't see any wings on the objects and no exhaust trails. I saw a few jets flying at least as high as these objects and did not see any exhaust trails. I should have been able to see wings or a rotor at the altitude I saw the objects flying but saw none. I zoomed into the photos I took as much as possible and they appear to be tic-tac shaped. I am not sure what I saw but given this is a major metropolitan area, radar should have picked them up. I believe UFOs could exist but am an investigator in my day job so by nature I'm very skeptical and rely on evidence more than anything. I enjoy watching airplanes and am observant of them. These weren't consistent with any airplanes I'd ever seen in the area and I've lived here my entire life. I'm not sure what those objects were and I haven't seen them since.
