{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-04 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495684","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/684/mufon-5495684.json","updb_database_id":5495684}
Cylindrical object stationary despite strong wind. Good visibility.

The incident happened as I was driving north along the A1 in Northumberland, England between Morpeth and Alnwick on 4th March 2015. It was about 3.30 pm, sunny with scattered cloud and good visibility.
I noticed a white, cylindrical object to the East of me, approximately in the vicinity of Acklington. 
At first I thought it was an aircraft, as it looked like a plane's fuselage with it's wing tipped towards me making it difficult to see, but I quickly realised that it had no windows or tail.
I considered that it might be some sort of unusually shaped balloon, but it was a windy day and the object was hovering in place and maintained a stationary position throughout the sighting.
I initially found it difficult to judge the height of the object. The cloud was quite low and as a cloud went past it, I expected the object to go into or over the cloud, but it was actually lower than the cloud which passed behind it.
There is military air traffic,as well as commercial flights in the area, but I ruled out either of these as it was so unusual and anyway, it was far too low for a commercial flight in this area. Aircraft descending into Edinburgh do so much further to the north.
There is a small airfield nearby, but this mainly serves microlights and small aircraft and it was clearly not a helicopter.
I was puzzled, then excited, but mostly puzzled. I watched it for about 15 minutes. Frustratingly, I looked away for a few moments and when I looked back it had gone, so unfortunately I didn't see it move.
It definitely wasn't receding into the distance at all. It stayed in the same place and then a few moments later it had vanished.
