{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453684","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4453,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/684/mufon-5453684.json","updb_database_id":5453684}
Back on June 18 My friend and I were abducted

Back on June 18 My friend and I at my house alone in Cumming , Ga Experienced a alien encounter and abduction. The 2 weeks prior to this event I had the feeling at my house which I live in alone with my dog and cat, that I was always being watched could and could never seem to catch the shadows/figures that seemed to be everywhere but no where in my house outside when I’d go look for something. I’d catch black figures and slight Shadows outside my windows in bushes. I’d see a white orbs floating around that were very clearly different from the fireflys out I’d see a white light floating behind one of roses Bushes. That night I had gone to the rest room my friend had let my dog off the back porch where she chased something that wasn’t there she proceeded to chase it til the start of the small section of woods that I had seen other Shadows had disappeared into. When I walked out the door I heard my dog growling at something that neither of us could see at that moment my friend looked over at me and said you have aliens walking down to her she had all the hair standing up on her body and when I gave the command to go track or find what ever. Peering into the woods not seeing my dog or anything we heard a shuffle in the fallen leaves then what seemed to be a high pitch screech high and louder than a jet engine would sound. After we went inside and tried just watching some tv and hang out from then on it sounded like little pebbles or something was tapping the side of my house and windows. About 30 minutes later I went on my back porch to put some clothes in the dryer while in the laundry room my friend standing on the back deck starts insisting we need to get inside now seeing floating orbs floating around and a distant figure standing on the edge of the woods only being able to see its shape. We proceed to inside and from there it got even worse. My friend got the vibe and feeling that he didn’t wanna sleep on my couch. So I let him crash in my bed with me after turning out the lights and tv the whole house seemingly started vibrating the sounds of things hitting off my house became more intense the glasses in the kitchen vibrating we can both hear them in the cabinet. Sounds of languages and conversations that we could not understand start happening. Bumps and bangs in the back of my house where nothing was on and locked off from my animals through the night. My dog laying in bed with us seemed to start to growl then just stop like something calmed her. My cat popped in for a second said hi instead of sleeping on his bed in my room he left. After that I tried to sleep and my friend said he was going to try and mediate after that I can slighty remember not being able to move and a white light peering through my closed eyelids. The flickering of figures filling in around until at the same time me and my friend both popped up and when the lights came on we both had looks of sensory overload like someone just hit a reset on our Brains both in a what the fuck just happened look we tried to go to sleep with the lights on where the same thing happened. Until we both arose again at the same time looked at each other and said we need to get the fuck out now. Backing out of my driveway we both seemingly picked out a figure with some sort of owlish face standing in the woods. We left the house for the night. My friend went to a person who is open about this sort of things she took him to a spiritual cleanser she heard the story and said that it was out of her league. After meeting up the day after we both seemed to have IV prick marks on our arms in the same locations. Bruises and scratches and he had a mark on his side that looks like a medical device poked implanted something. Just seeing what the community has to say or what might be recommended.
