{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-27 03:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463684","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2278,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/684/mufon-5463684.json","updb_database_id":5463684}
It was truly and still is the most exciting day of my life as I have been fanatacle about this subject for years.. However the most amazing thing is the time I woke up and when filming U couldn't see the orbs with the naked eye only visible on phone..

Wow I can't believe I filmed real orbs out over the near by ocean as I've been very interested in this subject for many years instantly I knew exactly what they were.. What happened was I was smoking a cigarette on my parents balcony I looked at the time on my phone and it read 3:33am cause I always pay attention to angel numbers cause I see 11:11 everywhere.. I've been dreaming of a encounter one day so I'm always looking at the moon and stars.. I was smoking away when I saw what seemed like a star getting brighter like at the tips extensions where coming off it so I decided to grab my phone and film it however as I filmed threw my camera phone the star seemed normal but to the side all these orbs appeared out of nowhere flashing moving. The peculiar thing is when I was filming I could clearly see them on the screen but with the naked eye U couldn't see anything? It's the best day of my life cause I know what they r and I have clear proof as I filmed without zoom so when U play the video U can zoom in.. It's like the orb is flashing yellow then bits break off and then warp back together.. Unfortunately the video is too big to send U guys.. It's 3min..but I know if U sore it U would b astonished.. I'll try and crop it somehow to send to U.. If only I filmed more.. But I didn't want to wake my parents or neighbours.. Luke Latham..
