{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-09 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466684","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/684/mufon-5466684.json","updb_database_id":5466684}
I was abducted today

I'm going to share a summary because the whole experience was very long.

My alarm woke me up at 7am but I didn't have to stand up so I went to sleep again. At this moment I started seeing (with closed eyes) images, faces, like holographic pictures. This happens to me very often when I meditate before a tunel appears through which I usually disconnect from my body and make out of body experiences or connect to interdimentional beings that have messages for me. But today I don't remember any tunel, next thing I remember is that I am tied like to the back of a pick up or truck and 2 nurses (with familiar faces, but I knew they weren't they). I realized that I was seeing what they wanted me to see (because this already happened to me before), so I suddenly saw where I really was. I was tied to a kind of surgery room stretcher. I have a kind of devid glued or tied to my left hand. Everytime I tried to see what was around me I only saw the closest things, lots of medical-looking devices which made differen beep sounds, as soon as I tried to see beyond that, false images appeared again on my sight, as I was again on the pick up and the nurses. I gained confidence and refused to see that, so I "stayed" on the reality of being tied on the medical room. I started trying to untie or break what was preventing me from moving my arms. A robotic voice started to repeat "change program", and the more I tried to scape, the more insistently this voice repeated "change program!" but I finally decided to bite something that was close to my head, I don't know what it was but I used this bite as a support while I made a lot of effort with my arms and next thing I know is that I made it. I felt I was sucked into my body back in my bed. It felt as if my Bodxy was always there but I also had another body on this other place. So I don't know if they manipulate souls or materialize a kind of copie of our bodys or actually transport physical bodies. I just now It's been 17hrs and I'm still shaking of fear.

The first time I remember being abducted I was about 5. It happens quite often but this is the second time that it's in fact scary.

When I came back it was 8:30am and I had a hematoma on my right leg and many scratches.
