{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-10-14 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5549323.json","updb_database_id":5549323}
driving along, object high alongside back of car, i stoped ufo droped alongside, over field 60yds. away just hovered there, so got a good look at it  .

Driving home from a movie sw of Belleplaine with my girlfriend, now my wife. Talking about where her friends and realitives and frinds lived, as I didn't know anyone around there
  The strange thing was that it seemed to contact us as we had to be ahead of it over a 1/3 of a mile and it was close to 2,000 ft. up. I wasn't driving very fast on a rock road. I suddenly slowed down, rolled the window down and had to look back and high in the sky. why did this happen as we were engrossed in our own conversations. I feel as if got my attention without realizing it. It gave off a very intesive band of light, the color of a highite marker in a narrow band. I stopped, watched and listened. It was a clear fall starlite nite, It caught up to us and that was when I knew that it was not a plane or helicopter as it made no soud or had any blinking lights around it.
  Suddenly without warning in the snap of a finger it was alongside us verticaly down to just above tree height as it could not have fallen that fast by gravity but seemed to be powered down. We watched it pass over the dry tree leaves by a mere 3 or 4 ft. never seemed to disturb them at all.
   We were in a vally with hills in the back ground so I tried to obseve everything I could about this craft as it was so close to us. That's when I told my wife, she was only 16 at the time, this is a chance of a lifetime a real UFO.
   It was only about 60yds. out from us hanging motionles  and about tree top high. It just hung there like it was observeing us just like I was it. 
   My wife started screeming and digging her nails into me as she was petrified and missed out on most of the excitement, buiring her head under my arm. The best was yet to come. There did seemed to be alot of electricity in the air as her hair was standing out all over and when I looked down on my arms my hair was standing straight up to as aroud my head.
   I was not scared of it maybe because I was so busy studing it. It hung there for quite a few minutes It seemed to be about 40 ft. in dia. What was differet was that the intensive light I talked about was only comming from inside the craft. Because it was your typical saucer shape and at night I took everything into consideration. It had be they called portholes or windows, they were triangler in shape but with the top squared off. The bright light emitting from these lit up the silver sloped deck and that is what I had always seen. The underneath of course was dark but planly seen even at night. There was a roundish canopy on top.
  What totally sshocked me was that something partially blocking one porthole moved from where it had been and it or something else blocked most of another one. I kid you not was I actually seeing a UFONaught while watching and thinking was sonething watching me.
  Yes, it finally started moving very slowly toward the end of the field as we sat there astounded. At the end of the field and across the road on a hilltop was a farm place in order to clear the farm stead the UFO and because it was a lot lower had to clear it rose straight up maybe 50 FT. and just cleared the top of the house and slowly drifted away out of sight. Those people in that house had no idea how close they were passed over.
   The craft only seemed to move at right angles such as straight up or down to correct for elevation but whatwe seen was never any movement at angles . I forgot to say that it seemed to be about 12ft. from bottom to top.
   We went on our way home that night, never said a word about to anyone even to our folks as who would believe us. We never said a word to each other all the way home as to the exception , " Why us " !!!!!
   I have my own written account or book I have kept all these years for us. We have never told or given this information out publicly like this and as I get older it's time to do so. I have some footage of programs I have taped over the years and lookig back I foud what I think is as close to the one we seen.
