{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-18 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2242,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5521323.json","updb_database_id":5521323}
Two Sets of Red and White Lights over Philadelphia

Four family members, including myself, were walking returning home after grocery shopping in Northeast Philadelphia, PA at around 6:45PM on Wednesday, January 18, 2012. We first noticed the lights flying very low and close to each other back to back, almost as in a flight formation, with absolutely no sound. We could not make out a solid object around the lights that we witnessed. At first, both sets of lights appeared to be in a single horizontal line, with white lights on the sides and a large red light in the center. My son ran inside and grabbed his HD camera, and after zooming in, we realized that the large red light in the center was actually two red lights stacked one above the other. Because of this, the lights looked like the following 1 : 1

Again, in the video footage (to be uploaded at a later date), the lights on the sides were white and the two in the center were red; there were two of these sets of lights, making for 8 lights in total. In formation, they appeared to be diagonally flying next to each other, with one on the bottom left and one on the top right. The pair appeared to fly almost directly over us and then drifted off towards the west, over neighboring Montgomery County, PA. The lights speed was slow, possibly traveling at 10 to 20 MPH. My son claims to have seen one of the sets of lights shoot up into the sky, while we saw the other one disappear beyond the tree line. I personally did not witness the first set of lights shoot up. What we witnessed was definitely not anything ordinary, especially since I am usually skeptical of UFO sightings.
