{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-23 22:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92255","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4583,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5468323.json","updb_database_id":5468323}
super bright star like appearance being followed by a less bright star like object - 2 crafts in total

This is now the 5th sighting I have experienced. All these experiences have happened within the last year. Two of them I was in a different area, but all times I felt as if I was meant to see what I was seeing, but not sure why. One happened after surgery when I was in Prince George, I shared the first experience with my step sister, who also shared she had seen something similar a couple weeks before my sighting but in a different direction from my sighting. The next sighting was driving very late at night but the light I seen resembled the first sighting but changed dramatically, making the second sighting much more profound than my first sighting. Since then I just seem to look up at the right time, but I have always been a star gazer and have seen some incredible things in the skies before but always explainable. The last three sighting have all been similar and all have landed in the same area, making me seriously believe we have a portal or a base of some kind in our mountains. If you like please call so I may explain the differences because I am not sure I have enough room here to explain all five, so I will focus on the last sighting seeing it lasted the longest and I also got my son out of bed to bear witness, seeing the couple people I had told my story to just tried to disprove what I saw. I am a reasonably smart person and know how to eliminate the obvious before I reach for the incredible. 
The night before the most recent sighting I saw a light also resembling a night star fly straight towards the same mountain I had seen with my past sighting, but this time it looked like it was going to fly straight into the mountain but did not. It flew just above it until it went out of sight. What concerned me is that there is nothing in our area that would be on that flight path unless it was going to crash but no reports came to validate that theory. So the next night after an argument with my son I went out side to have a smoke and cool my jets before getting him down again. Ironically I was thinking about what happened the night before and I looked up at the big dipper when I noticed a super bright star again that was not usually in that spot at that time when it suddenly started moving I watch the direction it was going and noted that it was not high enough to be on the flight path the planes take in our area, so I knew where it was heading. I went in and got my son (10) to come watch with me because I wanted a witness and no one else was around. I told him it could be a plane but I didn't think it was and if it went behind the mountain like the one I saw yesterday then it for sure is NOT a plane. When we came back out ant looked up it was heading in the direction I predicted but we also noticed that a short distance behind it was another craft following, although the one behind was not as bright. It went to the mountian I suspect holds the portol or base it stopped above it, hovered for a few seconds and then in a very controlled manner it slowly decended in a vertical manner until it was out of sight. The second craft just disappeared of I lost sight of it due to the brightness of the first craft. It was amazing and I was so happy that someone else finally seen what I was trying to explain, although my son is to embarassed to say that he witnessed it also and told his friend at school that I seen a UFO, and now his friends think I'm crazy, lol. The friend he told just happens to be the son of one of our local police officers, so I had to call and explain to him what I saw so he doesn't think I have any mental or drinking issues. Would love a call because I do not have enough room here to explain all the sightings which I have now experienced just in this area alone....I really think where I live is a hot spot of this kind of activity, but people here would keep it to themselve due to fear of ridicule.
