{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73389","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3075,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5486323.json","updb_database_id":5486323}
Returning from our engagement photo shoot, we see a UFO in the sky

October 4th, 2015

My Fiance and I spent the day in Whiteshell Provincial Park, Pine Point trail to be exact, getting our engagement photos taken. We were there for the majority of the day and left when it began to get dark, roughly 7 - 730PM. Our return path to Winnipeg took us down highway 15. As we came down 15 heading west into the city, shortly after passing the perimeter I glance ahead as you always do when driving and I see a pulsating red light in the sky. I thought absolutely nothing of it as it looked exactly like the pulsating red light you would see on the top of a cell phone tower which is also relevant because the height of the light was also matching that of a cell phone tower. We continued our drive down 15 (now Dugald Rd) and it was maybe a minute or two later I happen to glance over to my right (Compass North), It dawned on me this should be the general area where that pulsating light should be, only I didn't see any such tower. I glanced up through the windsheild and what I seen made me slam on the breaks in the middle of the road. It was an equilateral triangle shaped craft, all black except for the pulsing red in the core and blueish-green lights on the tips of the craft. There was one or two cars behind me that swerved around me, surprisingly not honking their horns. I pulled over to the shoulder immediately and got out of the car. I stood there looking up at this craft as it hovered in a stationary position for a few seconds before it very slowly started to move down Dugald Rd in the direction we just came from (East). I watched on, and so did my Fiance from the car, as it slowly made a greater distance between us. After a few more seconds of watching it I jumped back in the car and sped up to the nearest intersection to U-turn and chase this craft as long as we could. By this point it was an incredible distance away so we pulled over and watched as the pulsating red light ascended higher and higher until we could see it no more.

Oddly enough the next day we found out that the building we seen the craft hovering above is named 'Superior Technologies'. This is not my attempt at some cheap humour, it is simply the truth. If anything, i feel this would be some humour on the occupants part. I have enclosed an image of the building it was above. Thank you.
