{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-06-10 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53539","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2539,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5505323.json","updb_database_id":5505323}
{cak} My bro and I seem it at the same time and as soon as we looked at it the football shaped orb dropped out the sky, then followed us

My brother and I were up the chetco river shooting rifles.. It was dark bout 10 at night.. We were far up in the woods on logging roads..we were on our way back into town and still had like a 45 min drive out of the woods.. We stopped off the side of the road so we could both take a piss.. We were standing back to back bout 15 feet apart I turned around and told him I had a weird feeling.. He told me that he had that same feeling and was about to say something about it too.. We get back in the jeep and start driving, about 5 minutes later I look up in the sky right above the tree tops I seem a white orb shaped like a football, I went to point and realized my brother whole was driving had seen it at the same exact time as me.. No sooner then I could point at it and say look! It dropped out of the sky so fast... We were up in the mountains when it dropped down it went down in to the bottom of the mountain ravines.. I right away knew what I had seen, it was way bigger then a star and way brighter and u could tell it was close in the sky but still kinda far away.. I was scared out of my mind and so was my brother, we took off and started home again but driving faster this time.. About 15 minutes down the road we both look up again.. This time we seen the UFO flying behind the trees flowing with us.. That's when I got really scared I didn't knew what to do, but as fast as it came it was gone again..after we got down the mountain and onto payment we stopped the jeep again so my brother could pee again.. That's when I noticed that the whole jeep was radiating heat off all over the whole thing it was crazy and it was a cool night so there should be no reason for it being warm all over like that.. After that night I knew that ufos were real and ppl have been seeing them for a long damn time..
