{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106288","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7159,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5455323.json","updb_database_id":5455323}
{cak} Two fold experience

I’ll start back in August of 2015. My profession is a truck driver for a major poultry producer . I haul feed to poultry farms . I drive a 100 mi radius of the feed mill . My job is very routine. As I deliver to the same farms over and over again . My routes are pretty well set . As my job is time sensitive. I’ve been doing this particular job job for the past 13yrs . So, I have a real good working knowledge of how long any particular load will take to run . With that being said . This is the first half of my experience. I started my day at my regular start time . Which was 3:00 pm. I was to deliver to a farm that on average would take from 3hrs 15mins to 3 1/2 hrs to make to round trip . Which would have me back at the mill between 5:15 and 5:30 pm . My trip to the farm was quick paced as I had not even encountered so much as a red light ! I unloaded , without any problems which takes about 22mins . I left the farm without delay . Most of the trip btw is via parkway . Also , my company’s trucks are governed at 57-58 mph. So , the vast majority of the driving is done with the pedal to the floor . No need to watch your speed on highways . Any how , on the return trip . About 3/4 of the way back . I noticed the sun was setting low in the sky . Which prompted me to check the time on the trucks clock. It was almost 8:00 pm . With still having another 1/2 hr of drive time left to get back to the mill . Thinking that the clock was in error for some reason . I grabbed my cell phone . Which concurred with the trucks clock. Trying to figure out what could possibly be to reason for both being incorrect. I thought perhaps a time change , but that wouldn’t occur for months . And even then it would have been turned back . Not forward . So , as I went through a small town on the way back. I looked at the bank clock . It also concurred with the other two . 
It had taken 5 1/2 hrs to make the 3-3 1/2 hr trip . No explanation as to why ! The trip was straight there and straight back . It was completely uneventful. Except for the loss of 2hrs . 2hrs !!!! That’s a lot !!!! This is my daily routine, 5 days a week from 10 -12 hrs a day ! I’ve given much thought to the event over the years and still cannot get my mind wrapped around it . I cannot reason any circumstance that would have created such a loss ! 
Now as to the second half as I consider it . The object .  Four months later on Dec 21 . Around midnight. I was working also . I was delivering about 15 mi or so from the mill . Back a country road . It had rained lightly earlier that evening , but was finishing at that time down to just a light mist . Not even as heavy as light sprinkles. I started up a small hill . There at the top of the hill and off to the right . Maybe 75-100 ft out into , what was a cornfield . Was a very large ,bright , solid red light . Approximately 4-5ft in diameter.
I thought it odd . Because I had never seen it there before . So I slowed down as I went passed. So as to get a better look at it . My first impression was that it must be a beacon for a new cell tower that might be under construction. But , as I passed I could not see any frame nor structure beneath it . I continued on to make my delivery. Which counting travel time and unloading time took approximately 30mins . I thought that on my way back I could get a better perspective as it would then be on the drivers side of the truck . As I rounded the curve from the return . I saw that it was still there , in the same spot . So , I slowed down and this time came to a complete stop . Rolled down the window and looked at the sphere. The reason I would call it a sphere is that it’s light was non-directional. As looked at it for a few mins , there was no structural beneath it . Nothing that it was affixed to . To hold it in place . It never moved . Not an inch. Completely motionless. I thought if I only had a camera! Then it occurred to me that I had my iPhone 5 . So I picked it up , and set it to video . I shut the truck off . Then held my phone up to video it . Then I set my phone on the door , where the window comes up out of . To steady it , in order to show it was motionless. Then shortly after , it started to move . Slowly , across the field . I watched it until it dropped behind a grove of trees in the distance about a half mile away . 
Later when I got back to the mill . I showed the video I had taken of the object to my supervisor and another driver . Thing was , that the video showed three white lights with a bluish hue in their center , they were rapidly strobing , in unison, in various arrangements/ patterns.They were in triangular formation and shard shaped ! Nothing red or spherical about it ! I was flabbergasted! This was nothing at all like what I saw with my eyes . Not at all ! As I watched the video with my co-worker /driver in a completely darkened room . He said @did you see that ? “ I said , what ? He said that light shoot straight up from behind the tree line ! I said no ! He said play it over again. So , I did ! Sure enough ! At almost the end of where I stopped recording . There was a point of white light , that shot straight up to the sky from behind the tree line ! I had viewed the video twice before and had not seen it ! It happened so quickly that if you were to blink your eye you would have missed it . As I did twice ! I kept the video for a few months and decided to delete it . Because it didn’t show anything of what I had seen and was probably a meanings video . I did store it in the cloud . But really have no idea as to how to retrieve a deleted video from it . 
I’m in my mid 50’s. I’ve always tried to deal with people in an honest and truthful manner. I’d like to think of myself as an honest , honorable man of some integrity. 
I believe those that know me would attest to the same . 
These are truthful , actual events that happened. I have absolutely no reasonable explanation for either the loss of time nor the red sphere ! Nor as to why my iPhone recorded what it did ! 
I’m not even sure that the two events are even related . I have just had a gut feeling that they were , ever since they happened!
Well , that’s about it ! There are a few more details to it , but this should be enough details for you to get the gist of it all . 
If you have any insights into these occurrences. I would greatly appreciate hearing them . Most especially the loss of 2hrs . I simply cannot get my mind wrapped around it to this day !
Thank you
