{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-20 21:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3177,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5515323.json","updb_database_id":5515323}
{nd} 25-40 glowing round orbs, silent, all moving very slow at same speed moving westerly, very bright, undeniable

I was driving home with a friend. He was the passenger, I was the driver when I first noticed very bright orangish/red lights glowing above the treeline. What made me take notice at first was their color, size, and brightness. At first I didn't know what to make of these lights so I pulled over. Both my friend and I were in shock and awe as to what we were seeing. Quickly we got back into my car and drove not even a 5tenth of a mile to get a better look. It was then we saw how many of these lights there were. Almost immediately after I pulled over, another vehicle pulled in behind me. A woman got out of her car. I remember her saying, "what are those?? Those are not airplanes.". Seconds after the first lady pulled up, a man had pulled up to see the lights as well. He had a small child in the back which I noticed before we all left. My friend, the lady, and the man that pulled up behind us all just stood/sat there in awe as to what our eyes were actually witnessing. Big, bright, orbs, orangiish/red in color. 25-40 of them. Extremely bright, moving all in the same direction, at a very slow speed. I know what airplanes or helicopters look like, these were not them. The lights did not blink nor flash. They were undeniable. More than obvious that they were there. It almost looked like a convoy. They made absolute no n oise at all. Slowly there werent as many orbs so I asked my friend that was with me, "where are they all going?" when I realized they werent going anywhere. They dimmed out, as if they were on a dimmer light switch. They just faded into the night. After about 3-4 minutes all lights had faded out. When I first saw the lights, I have to admit, I was extremely curious, then once I had the better view of how many and were able to observe them, I was scared. I have never seen anything like this ever in my life before. I was in shock, I was excited, I was scared, I was dumbfounded. I was able to snap a quick photo using my camera however, it does nno justice as to what we all saw that n ight. It is hard to see the orbs, and I was only able to capture 7. They were not all in a line like that. Some lights were above others some side by side, however they were all travling together. Also the brightness is no where near captured in the photo either. However, we all know what we saw that night and what we saw is the unknown.
