{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-06-14 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67225","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5492323.json","updb_database_id":5492323}
{rjl} Craft was above us directly moving out over us we saw the propulsion . The it shot a laser / electric beam that opens a worm hole flew right through.

The year was 1990 I was 12, accompanied by my cousin, around Anniston Alabama, not far from tallidega speedway. I was at my grandpa's house walking across the driveway to my uncle's house. Before going inside we stopped to talk and as we were standing outside we noticed the tree in front of us moving as though the wind were blowing, but there was no wind, just a hot, calm night. The shaking of the leaves made us look up and we noticed that directly above us we could not see any stars and we could hear a sound like the wind but no other trees were moving and there was no breeze. We thought it was weird at first but continued to talk for a moment, we looked back up a few moments later and saw what looked like the back end of a ship from a Star Wars movie but the craft itself seemed to be cloaked in darkness. We saw what looked like a propulsion system or thrusters of some kind on the rear of the craft and as the craft slowly moved over us we could only make out the shape of the back end of it, it resembled an elongated hexagon. Then suddenly from the front of the craft a beam of some kind that looked like blue/white lightening or electricity shot out of it, toward the horizon and the beam seemed to open and form some kind of square shaped opening or portal in the sky. When the beam shot out it illuminated the front end of the craft and I could tell it was pointed and about 60 to 70 feet long and about 20 feet wide. I could see purple and pink gas clouds in the opening, it was like looking through a window into a different place. The craft began to make a sound like it was building up energy and then went into the opening so fast it was nothing more than a streak of light , like warp speed. Then the opening closed, I don't know how else to describe it other than it looked like an old TV turning off, and it was gone. The entire encounter from beginning to end was about 6 minutes. My cousin and I looked at each other and without saying anything we ran in to my uncle's house and tried to tell our family what we had seen, but they didn't know what to think. They tried to explain it away as an overactive imagination and to many si-fi movies, but after years of contemplating the encounter I know what I saw that night was real and that the story needed to be shared with someone who would believe it really happened and take it seriously. My uncle who was the most skeptical of our encounter at the time has now, years later, recanted his opinion and now admits that he has since seen something similar and now believes our story. Since that day I have been a believer and I teach my children that we are not alone in the universe.
