{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-31 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68246","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2945,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5491323.json","updb_database_id":5491323}
{cak} Two disc shaped objects, that hovered above the tree line. Had telepathic message not to be afraid and the atmosphere in the area was affected.

I was visiting relatives in Ca. My sister and I slept in their camping trailer in the yard. I had the top bunk and my sister and baby slept on the bottom. I woke up during the night and looked out the window. That's when I saw the two objects, hovering near the tall pine tree tops. They were side by side and were vertical not horizontal. I became extremely scared. I can't tell you how scared I was. I shook my sister but she wouldn't wake up. Her baby did not wake up. I then left the trailer and locked it behind me. I was fearful for them. As I left the trailer the hairs on my arms stood up, the air felt different, I don't know how to explain it. It felt very quiet and time seemed to slow down. It seemed like there was no sound. The animals in the yard were racing around their pen. It was around this point that I heard in my head "don't be afraid we're not going to hurt you." I know this sounds bizarre but it's what happened. I also had this feeling that they wanted to see what I was going to do. I was still extremely scared and ran to the small guest house in the backyard. That's where I thought my parents were staying. But during the night they moved into the main house because there were black widow spiders in there. I banged on the door but no one answered. The objects were still there, I kept looking back. I think I opened the guest house door and there was no one inside. By this time I was beyond scared, I can't explain how scared I was, frantic, panicked. I then ran into the house and woke my parents up. At that moment there was a car crash in front of the house. Everyone went to see what happened. I remember trying to tell them what I saw and what happened but they laughed. They said I was just dreaming etc. I was devastated that they didn't take me seriously. We went outside and the objects were gone. All I remember after that is that I was numb. I felt like I was in shock. The only other time I felt that kind of shock is when I learned my brother had died in an accident. I never mentioned it again to anyone until years later I told my husband. I have never seen anything like it again but I will never forget, it and wonder what it was I saw and experienced.
