{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-04 23:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287323","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116053","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3200,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/323/mufon-5287323.json","updb_database_id":5287323}
Witnessed a disorganized, asymmetrical formation of roughly 9 objects moving Westward at high speed. Reflecting light, no lights on, perfectly silent

I was casually talking with my friends on the deck in their backyard. 
We had seen flashes (lightning to the North,) so we kept looking up. I happened to be looking directly up. The local time was 23:58 EDT on June 4, 2021 (0358 UTC, June 5, 2021). 
All of a sudden I witnessed this uneven and disorganized formation of objects moving from East to West. There were gaps in the formation, and more objects on the south side of the formation than the North side. I wondered if it was perhaps a formation of aircraft. I pointed it out to my friends and we all watched the objects fly westward.
There were approximately 9 of the objects. They seemed like a silver colour, reflecting the light of the city making them visible against the dark cloud cover. Each object was about the size of a penny held at arms length. The objects had features like wings, but no discernable fuselage. They had no lights, which are (as per the Canadian Aviation Regulations) required for aircraft traveling at night. The objects were perfectly silent, making absolutely no noise. Cloud cover at the local airport (CYAM) was reported scattered 16,000 feet, and broken 25,000 feet. View of the objects was unobstructed, indicating they were below 16,000 feet. 
We lost sight of the objects approximately 20 degrees above the horizon due to ground obstructions. From directly overhead to 20 degrees above the horizon took approximately 7 seconds. Speed would be a function of their altitude, and I figure the objects were at least 3000 feet up. If that is true, I calculated their speed to be at least mach 1.046. The higher they were, the faster they would have had to be. Yet we observed no sonic booms, and no noise from propulsion, they were silent. 
Me and my two friends were dumbfounded after it passed. All of us are pilots, we are very familiar with aircraft, but couldn't reconcile what we had seen with ordinary aircraft. We wondered if it could be a formation of jets. But the objects didn't quit look like jets, they were in a disorganized formation, they didn't have lights at all, and they made no noise, which jets produce an abundance of. Any aircraft flying relatively low will produce audible noise from propulsion, even small piston engine aircraft. But these objects made no noise, and were moving incredibly fast.
We talked about it for a while but could come up with no rational explanation for what we had seen, hence why I have filed this report.
