{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491066","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/066/mufon-5491066.json","updb_database_id":5491066}
{rjl} Orange Red Orb Witnessed In Broad Daylight Medium Range Changed Shape

This happened when I was in 8th or 9th grade about 25 years ago. I can still remember it clearly. I was walking to my bus stop at the intersection of Clearview and Lee Roads in Allison Park. I got there early before anyone else and put my book bag down. It was a clear sunny day with no clouds. I turned around (facing Lee Rd.) and instantly noticed a glowing orange red "ball" in the sky just sitting there. It was about the size of your pinky nail at arms length. I want to emphasis that this object was clearly observable... not some small far away vague red dot in the night sky. I wish we had cellphone cameras back then because this was very clear and relatively large in broad daylight. Anyway, I just stood there and watched it sitting in the sky trying to figure out what the heck it was. Because of how clear it was I can DEFIANTLY say it was not a plane, helicopter, chinese lantern, balloon, planet, etc... It did not move for over a minute and seemed solid yet glowing, as opposed to painted. After a minute or so it started moving slowly but suddenly left (not like the wind was moving it) and as it moved it seemed to "flatten" out so it was no longer perfectly round but was more oval in shape yet still symmetrical. There were tall trees to the left so I started walking up Clearview Rd. toward Harts Run Rd. so I could keep it in my line of sight. It continued its slow but steady movement and after getting about 1/8th of a mile up the road I decided to run back and see if I could catch it on the other side of the trees. That was the last I saw of it. The closest thing to an "explanation" I can think of was that it was a balloon... but it wasn't. I could see it clearly and balloons are not perfectly round, do not hover for a minute then suddenly move in a controlled and purposeful manner, change shape like that, balloons don't glow! This was something I cannot to this day explain and I still think about it from time to time... 25 years later.
