{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-30 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452066","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109577","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7598,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/066/mufon-5452066.json","updb_database_id":5452066}
I witnessed outlines against the stars while on a cruise ship off the coast of the US approximately 6 oval shaped objects

After seeing an episode of UFOs: The Lost Evidence that marked an incident over an airport in Puerto Rico earlier than same year, I thought I'd finally share this incident, even though I cannot prove any of it since it seems like it might be at least marginally relevant. It's the only time I feel I saw what could only be multiple saucer-shaped craft moving at incredible speeds and at an unlikely location to witness the UFOs, out at sea while aboard a cruise ship.

I boarded the Norwegian Gem cruise ship in Manhattan Island, NYC, New York on October 28th, 2013 for a 9 night cruise to the Southern Caribbean. This sighting occurred near the mid-point of the Bermuda Triangle on the way to Puerto Rico, perhaps somewhere latitude-wise near the Bahamas. We arrived at San Juan the next morning around 10AM or so. The ship was perhaps 500 miles or so off shore of the Continental US by the GPS display on the TV in the cabin the night before (along the Virginian coastline, so it was a bit further to Florida, I'm sure). I was located in one of the forward Penthouses, just below and in front of the Bridge of the ship. To sit outside on the balcony at night in this cabin, you must have all the lights off in your room as the glare could interfere with the bridge directly above the room. I was sitting out on the balcony, awaiting the start of the ship's entertainment that night, which I believe was at 9PM (I no longer have the Itinerary) and it was a magic show and sitting there I couldn't help but notice how well you could see the stars. There was a bit of glare behind the bridge from the top level of the ship, but forward it was dark and you could see thousands of stars. I started noticing a lot of shooting stars, more than I've seen at one time in my life. Some were even coming down two at a time. I decided this light show was better than a magic show and it was even cooler since I we were right in the Bermuda Triangle on the way to San Juan. There were a few wispy clouds moving slowly in front of some stars. blotting them out. You could see the edges of them, but most were off to the West and they were moving very slowly. A few smaller ones did pass over head at times, but they were clearly small clouds and mostly 70-90 degrees overhead. It was clear in front of the ship heading in a South, slightly Southwest direction as we were approaching San Juan from a Westward angle according to the GPS display in the room on the TV channel that showed the ship and a map and the location.

About a half hour or so later (I didn't mark the exact time), I saw what appeared to be an oval shaped blackness blotting out the stars overhead at perhaps a 50-65 degree angle relative to my chair on the balcony. It was moving far faster than any cloud in the area. I could see no lights or markings, only an oval shape that blocked out the thousands of stars in view. It moved into view and out of view within a few seconds. It made no sound that I could hear whatsoever. I have no idea how large the actual object was or how far as i could see no details on it other than the oval shape blocking out the stars so it could have either been a smaller craft incredibly close to the ship or a very large craft further up, but based on relative size within reason, I'd wager it was between 300 feet and 1 mile up. Otherwise, it would be enormous. It appeared perhaps to be the size of a basketball at arms length relative to my view, which is not a small object even if was only at 300 feet. If it was lower than that, it would be even more incredible how quiet it was. The speed would have seemed higher if it was in fact closer to the ship, but either way it moved by very quickly, so quickly in fact, I thought I was hallucinating for a moment because it seemed impossible that there was some dark object moving across the sky with no lights on it that quickly. I don't think I had ever heard of a UFO sighting with no lights to see, just a dark shape blotting out the stars to indicate it was there. But almost as soon as I wondered that (maybe 10 seconds went by), five more objects passed overhead in the same manner one after another, all dark and blotting out the stars for a few seconds as they went by. I didn't imagine five more of them, that was for certain. They seemed to be heading towards the direction of the Bahama islands or possibly Florida or Cuba.

Meanwhile, I noticed a plane coming from the direction of Puerto Rico out in the distance. I watched it for perhaps 15-20 minutes and by that time it was close enough to see a pattern of lights on the bottom of the plane, which seemed to move in sequence with green colored lights. The plane then veered West, seemingly heading in a similar direction relative to where the objects went (Bahamas or more likely Miami). I didn't check the commercial flights at the time nor am I sure it was a commercial flight, but that plane might be able to verify the general time frame of the event if it were known. Unfortunately, I have no evidence that this occurred. It happened so quickly an in such dark lighting that I doubt video would have picked it up because the starlight would need to have been clearly visible to see something move in front of it and most cameras are notoriously bad at capturing stars in real time. The last photos I had were during the sunset that night from the same location. I provide the information for reference in case anyone else saw something in the same time frame and for reference. I have no idea what the objects (presumably crafts of some type) was or whether they could be some secret military project or something far stranger. I only share it for reference as it was indeed one of the strangest things I've ever witnessed. 

Whatever they were, I don't think they expected to be seen by anyone with their lights out at night in the dark and given I was probably the only person outside viewing this from a vantage point where lights or the ship itself didn't obstruct the view (I didn't see anyone else standing outside below my balcony level) other than the other person that was with me on the trip. Most people were probably at the magic show or doing other things. My guest was looking at the horizon and didn't notice them, apparently or so she said. I saw no one else out on the forward balconies at the time, anyway and if you weren't looking at the stars, you probably wouldn't notice a thing. I think they might also have been at too high an angle for the Bridge personnel to see even if they were looking out the window at the time (if you blinked you could have missed it they moved so fast). I was out on the balcony with nothing above me as the balcony sits forward at a downward sloping angle relative to the Bridge on the floor above so my view to 90 degrees upward or even back behind me a bit if I turned was unobstructed.
