{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-10 03:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503066","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55897","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/066/mufon-5503066.json","updb_database_id":5503066}
Abduction Dreams with scars/bruises

I'm not sure where to start. There is quite alot of information that even I have a hard time accepting. I'll try to start from the beginning. I see alot of people that have had clear memories with vivid details, and most have been happening for years. Mine comes in bits and pieces and just started recently. 

I would say the whole thing started happening a few months ago. I woke up really startled one morning from some really crazy dreams. I'm a vet who's been deployed, and most of my dreams have to do with previous happenings there. That's why this one really shook me up. I can't remember everything about it, but I remember really clearly seeing a smokey filled doorway with a greyish being staring at me. I've seen pictures of "greys" but this one had a wider head with a blue tint to it. There were others there too, but i dont remember them well. It was as if they were showing themselves to me. I usually would have been really frightened by this, but I almost felt as if that was being repressed somehow. The dream ended with me cruising first person above a canal with trees canopied over it. That was it. I woke up really shaken.

After that night, my girlfriend had these huge bruises all over the back of her leg. She has been complaining alot about her eye bothering her in the morning too. Like it hurts to even wash her face. I don't think the bruise could have been from me kicking her or bumping into something, because she would CLEARLY wake up with the size that this bruise covers. 

My most vivid dream happened about 2 weeks ago. I woke up in that same room, I knew it was that same room from the first initial dream. I was terrified, I looked around and saw a few greyish beings staring at me almost with discontent. I was frozen, but awake for a few seconds (in the dream). One of the beings on the right looked right into my eyes and I was asleep again. A feeling like when you're about to go under surgery right after they inject the anesthesia. 

At night I always feel as if something is watching me. I think of it as straight out of a horror movie when I go to check my other rooms. It runs through my head when i see some dummy going to check behind a door where Jason or Freddy is hiding. Nevertheless something does a really good job at making me think somethings there. We have a dog, and I figured the dog would be alerted to this as well. He's not. I'm not a great sleeper. I've had sleeping problems since i've been out of the service. Late at night I watch my dog, which usually sleeps through the whole night, get up and walk around. Just looking, not barking, standing in the same place everynight and then coming back to lay down. 

I've been waking up, when I do sleep, with horrible pains in my ankle. Last night I dreamt of my old squad with me, around the same street where I grew up. Our Platoon Sergeant made me and two others take off our shirts while he poked me in the back to get skin samples off me. I could almost feel the prick in my dreams. I don't know what to make of it. Either that, or I'm in denial. I'm not sure if I want this to be true, or to chalk it up to bad dreams and coincidences. 


About 2 days ago I was going to take a shower, lifted up my shirt and found this reddish/purple scar on my stomach. The dreams come and go, I don't have them every night. All I can really be sure of are these bruises and scars are real and I have no way to explain them. The presence I feel at night sometimes is almost too much to handle. A grown man scared of space aliens is not something I can bring up having a beer with my friends, or relatives for that matter. I'm even uncomfortable writing this, but I have to do something about it. 

-- I was also given a few tips to draw what I've seen and to log the dreams like a journal. I've done this and that's what you're reading.--
