{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-02-13 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549066","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6400","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3930,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/066/mufon-5549066.json","updb_database_id":5549066}
Seemingly large craft taking off and hovering above my neighborhood in evening sky with strange engine sounds

This was my first UFO sighting. From my house the UFO seemed in relation to me to be in the direction of the Glen Kernen Golf and Country Club which is a non-public gated community in an area directly to the west of my house. (My house is at approx. Glen Kernan Pkwy and Hodges Blvd.)

I was sitting in my room with my window open when I heard sounds of engines revving. At first it reminded me of the starting sound of police sirens but instead of ending the pitch cycle the pitch went higher and higher as the sound continued like an engine being revved. It was a sort of "silky" whirring sound. It was a sound I had never heard before from any engine. When I heard the sound it sounded like an aircraft taking off right from inside our neighborhood because of the volume of the noise. That of course is weird since my area is heavily developed and housed. My actual impression is that it took off. The total time from total silence to maximum pitch/volume was between 5-10 seconds.

I immediately thought it was UFO and I ran outside after a few seconds of listening. I saw four white lights in a square formation and a red light on one side hovering in the western sky above the tree line which begins five houses down from ours. Either the craft was smaller and indeed hovering above the tree line itself, or much much bigger and hence farther away. It was dusk so it was difficult to make out the contours of the craft. 

The craft itself seemed to be just black, faintly visible against the dark sky. The lights seemed to be from the underside edges of the craft. The top may have had a dome. The craft was just hovering above the trees. Almost just slightly gliding. Moving slowly. And MOST DEFINITELY HOVERING. The sound of the engines became quieter and seemed to fade in intensity while the actual pitch of the sound remained the same. The number of lights may have been more because of the angle which I saw it at, I couldn't be sure. But I know there were at least four white lights in a square formation and at least one red light. There were no chopper sounds. They were entirely engine based sounds. The sounds also started from complete silence, unlike the sounds of planes overhead which you can hear from miles away before they fly over. 

It appeared to be large and close. If I were to hold up a coin, it might have been two inches or more diameter. I lost sight of the craft as it slowly hovered out of visibility behind the tree tops. (The trees here a very very tall.) 

One thing to note: Three entire days before this incident, our skies had been non-stop chemtrailed with jet after passing jet literally clouding the entire sky, perhaps a cloud cover? Then the day immediately after and every day after the UFO's appearance there have been no such clouding of the skies by passing aircraft.

Other thing to note: The same day as the sighting much earlier in the day there was violent thunder and lightning storms in the area with torrential downpour- very uncharacteristic of the weather in my opinion. Several times lightning touched down very close to my own proximity and the rain was very very heavy. When the actual sighting occurred the skies where dry as though nothing had happened.
