{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-11-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502066","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3036,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/066/mufon-5502066.json","updb_database_id":5502066}
While flying at about 18000 feet, UFO flew formation on me

While flying a TPQ (ground radar controlled) bombing mission in Vietnam during 1970, I was directed to fly a northerly heading to reach my target that I was to drop my bombs on. A TPQ bombing mission involved the pilot flying his aircraft at a set altitude and airspeed and the ground radar would direct you over the target and tell you when to drop your bombs on the target. The ground radar figured the drop based on actual airspeed, configuration of the bombs, wind, altitude and glide angle of the bombs. I was flying at about 18,000 feet under radar control on a night bombing mission. I looked out to my right and started to observe another aircraft approaching my aircraft. It was a bright starry night and I do not recall noticing a moon. My eyes were adapted to night vision, so I could make out the shape of the aircraft as it approached and noticed that it had blinking or pulsating lights along the entire length of the aircraft. I called my radar controller and asked if I had traffic in my area and he replied "no you are the only aircraft on my scope". I continued to fly and noticed the aircraft appeared to be quite large compared to my small A-4E Skyhawk, a single engine, single pilot aircraft that is only 47 feet long and with a 27 foot wingspan. This aircraft appeared to be several time larger than my aircraft and came in closer to me. I could see the lights better and the shape was more of a cigar shaped object. I again asked the controller if I had traffic and again he replied no, an continued to give my direction control to my target. The object flew formation on me for about 10 minutes and then abruptly changed course and climbed out of sight rapidly to my right and up. I heard no sound other than my engine and could see no signs of propulsion from the object. I once again asked about traffic and was told no other aircraft were around me. I completed my flight to the target, dropped my bombs and returned to my airbase at DaNang, Vietnam. This happened between DaNang and the DMZ between North and South Vietnam. We were told during our first week of flight school at Pensacola Naval Air Station, that if we ever reported seeing a UFO, we would be sent to an Air Force base in CO and would stay there until either we decided we had not seen a UFO or we would be discharged from the service as a Section 8 (mental). Needless to say, I did not report this sighting.
