{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-24 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482066","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77902","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/066/mufon-5482066.json","updb_database_id":5482066}
{jpg} I saw a tiny white light that looked the size that a star looks. It seemed to be flahshing or rotating. But it was just a dot. Way, way up.

I was riding on the Loveland bike trail from Anderson to Loveland. It was just after 8:00 PM, and I was 3 hours into my trip. I had another hour ahead of me, so I stopped to rest in the grass in Milford. 

I was looking up in the sky and saw a barely visible white dot in the sky. At first I thought it must be a jet, but it was way, way too high for a jet. Plus, it wasn't moving. 

It looked to be so high up that I began to wonder if it was the space station. So I called my son and asked him to Google where the space station was at that time, and he said it was over Ukraine. So clearly it wasn't the space station. 

The brightness of the light kept changing. Sometimes it seemed to be rhythmically getting light and dark. Other times it seemed random. Sometimes it seemed both -- as though it might be simultaneously rotating, but also having a flashing light on it. The light that was flashing seemed white. Yet at other moments it seemed it could be red. But, to be honest, it was so high in the sky I couldn't be sure. 

I watched it for 15 minutes, and it did seem to move during that time. But, then, I though that the movement was so slow that it could just be that the earth was rotating in that time so that it appeared to be in a different place. 

I took a few photos of it, but it didn't show up in the photos because it was a flip phone and the camera was bad. That, or it was simply too small to be captured. 

I have no idea as to whether satellites can be seen, but I just imagined that this was so high in the sky that it had to be a large object. Keep in mind, it was only 8:00 PM, and the sun was still bright. So I'm sure that I was seeing the object itself --- not JUST light being emitted from it. 

After 15 minutes I had to get back on my bike and leave. 

I almost didn't submit this report, but thought I'd do so just in case someone else might have seen it. Unless you were staring at the sky, you would not have noticed this tiny white dot.
