{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-11-23 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290066","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113284","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":17097,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/066/mufon-5290066.json","updb_database_id":5290066}
Detail Single Craft Sighting Report, Ashby Massachusetts

This is an encounter that I would like to put on record in hopes that others gain knowledge from it. It occurred outside of Fitchburg Massachusetts near the town’s reservoir. As I write this it is 44+ years since its occurrence. It was a significant event for me, not because I saw something, but because it made sense beyond the colloquial observance of something strange in the sky. 
My apology upfront for committing this report so late, and the understanding that it probably has errors and omissions as a result. Seems people are opening up to making these reports. Let’s get to it. 
It was November 23, 1976, just a couple days before Thanksgiving. My friends and I drove to a scenic spot for our initial evening meet up. This was a routine thing we would do, meet and discuss what we were going to do next. Seems mundane but in 1976 it was what you did.    
That night we picked the initial meeting at the city reservoir. It was late, well into twilight and getting dark when we arrived. We all got out of the vehicle and started to talk as we waited on a second car with some friends.  The second car arrived shortly thereafter with a couple friends and they got out and started some small talk.   
As it became dark, we were all just talking and laughing when one of us noted a bright light over the reservoir about a mile away at approximately 500ft above the ground.  There was no moon in view and the sky was very clear. 

The light appeared to be following the road (Mayo Rd) that was on the opposite side of the reservoir. It was so bright that we couldn’t see the shape but we speculated it could be a helicopter with a spotlight pointing in our direction. We felt no threat from this because you don’t use a spotlight, especially a 1976 spotlight, to look at people who are a mile away. 
After a moment it became clear it wasn’t a spotlight, there was just no focused direction or movement to it. Just a very bright white light, possibly a helicopter following the farm road. So, everyone kind of dismissed it and started talking again.  
I remained affixed to it because it didn’t make sense to me. As I watched the bright white light you would catch glimpses of flashing colored lights, just like any aircraft. The red and green seemed normal but there was a lot of blue. Most of us are familiar with navigational lighting requirements for boats and aircraft red and green are normal. Blue is not a color that is used for navigational lights and is usually reserved for the police.   
I began to speculate that it could be a police helicopter or maybe an air ambulance even though there is no blue on ambulance helicopters, I just couldn’t be sure. We did have a hospital nearby, perhaps they were flying there. 

Understand this was 1976 and the use of an Air Ambulance or Police Helicopter was very rare and only reserved for major sensational events somewhere near a large city like Boston or Worcester, or on a major thoroughfare like an interstate highway. But the area in question was a small farm road, not much bigger than one lane and barely paved. It was a mix of asphalt and gravel, and in some places just packed dirt. I was also having trouble with the fact that it wasn’t moving a lot and I couldn’t hear the rotors. It was moving slowly about a mile away, I really expected I would hear the rotor chop from that distance. But there was no sound.      
As I pondered what it might be the object suddenly turned off its bright lights and I could see it, it was glowing red, a glowing red saucer.  Immediately it dove to the surface at about 60-degree angle then climbed back up at what I could best describe as the descent's reflection angle where it returned to its prior hovering altitude and the bright white light with intermittent colors. The entire dive maneuver took about a second to complete, from hover to hover.     
One of my friends who was also still watching said, “did you see that”. All I could do was let out a weird laugh while still trying to digest what I saw. I mean really, how do you respond to seeing a glowing red saucer. I was doubting myself; I wasn’t really sure what I saw or didn’t see at that point.  
It was still moving and the path of the hover was bringing it closer toward us. It was still very far from being anywhere in our proximity and appeared to be moving very slow in the hover following the road that was well on the other side of the reservoir. 
After about 10 to 20 seconds, it repeated its ground dive maneuver and once again returned to a hoover still moving slowly in our direction. That second dive I saw clearly as my eyes were dead on it. I know in my head I was saying some explicative and saucer. Another 10 to 20 seconds passes it dives a third time. Same thing, bright lights go out, you can see the red glow of the saucer, down and back up to the hover altitude. Just this time it just seemed to stop hovering toward us and started to backtrack on its previous path.  
My friend who remarked before was trying to get the attention of the others, when suddenly the lights went out again and this time it left in a big way. Crossing what I estimate to be about a mile of sky in a little over a second then making a 90 degree turn to a course heading away from us and climbing. That final leg covered about 5 miles in a little over a second to an altitude I estimate at about 12,500 ft above ground level.  
It is hard to grasp what you can see when it was glowing red and moving. None of the movements were fluent, that is you could not see it all time while it moved. Instead, it was like frames in a movie, or an object illuminated by a strobe light. 
For the dive maneuver the first frame was at the hover when the lights went out, the second was about 1/3rd of the way to the ground at about a 60-degree angle to the ground. And the third at 2/3rd of the distance. I can only infer/assume the 4th position as the ground and then it climbed at the same 60-degree angle with the same 1/3rd framing. I could not see it at ground level because that was below the tree line. All of this occurred in about 1 second.   
Now it may simply be an illusion of the eye-brain but the “framing” would better be described as “double framing” or “dual pulse”. When the object arrived at its next spot it appeared to have stopped instantaneously, no movement, as if frozen by a high-speed camera or strobe. But when it left that position it seemed to make a small streak in the direction of travel, giving my brain a sense of movement and direction. Hence “double framing”, or dual-pulses. 
This happened really fast, the only word I can think to describe the dive maneuver is it fluttered through the air. Oddly I wish I had the talent and software to make a simulation with these parameters. But I do have some visuals that I put together that may help some.     
Picture 1 is a depiction of the observed flight paths from a top-down viewpoint that I constructed using Google Earth. We were just outside of Ashby Massachusetts on Rindge Road (View). The two yellowish lines are the observed angle for the hover (View Angle). The green line is the assumed hover line (Hover) which started away from us and headed south toward us. 
The lines and markings are at different altitudes so they look disjointed because of the 3D camera perspective. The hover line is at 500ft above ground level. The final departure legs are depicted in red. The first leg headed North West and then the second leg went North East. The picture top is oriented North.
Picture 1 (Google Earth Markup of Flight, Top Down View)
The Hover line is drawn over the fields and is parallel to the road. I keep saying the craft followed the road but really I think it was following the center-line of the fields alongside the road. The position I put it in is a compromise of those two possibilities. However, I think the 3 dives were made into the open fields that run alongside the road, as there are no trees there. Just makes more sense. Today those fields have a couple houses in them but back then they were open fields.
I also think (assume) that the craft was a drone. Possibly taking biological samples or similar. However, not sure how that was managed given that the dive and climb into and out of those position was completed in around a second. So ultimately I have no idea what it was doing. 
The “musical note” on the map is just something that was on the Google view. Nothing I did.  
Picture 2 is also a Google Earth representation with markups, but it is at ground level looking North East from the vantage point I had. The hoover line (path) is where all the hovering motions took place. I actually used this to validate my placement of the vectors this is a pretty good representation of how it looked from the ground. The dashed lines are approximately equal to the width that I recall and that works out to about 42ft, all the dashes were drawn to that approximate width. What the dashes obviously omit is the saucer shape. This was already a lot of work for a basic report…   

The lavender dashes are the 1st dive I described earlier. It would then hover moving closer, traveling toward the right. I only included the one set of dashed lines for the first dive, the others are typical and I would place them over the approximate center location of each field if I had drawn them all in. 
After the last dive it backtracked away some before making its departure. The red dashes are how the departure looked and the red lines are the departure path at ground elevation which is mostly obscured in this ground view.  
There are a few additional details that I should cover. 
First, although the craft glowed the same shades of red, at the “90degree Turn” location (end of departure leg 1) and the “Last Seen” location (end of departure leg 2) the apparent magnitude of the red glow was brightest at these two points.
Second, each separation that I show on the departure segments is drawn to double the distance of the prior segment in that leg. Unlike the dive where the segments are equidistant. During the departure the segment lengths appeared to double in relation to the prior segment.  
Third, like the dive there were 3 segments to each leg. Not sure if that is meaningful or a red herring, but wanted to point that out.  
Fourth, at the 90 degree turn I think the dome was facing toward me and therefore away from the crafts departure heading. This is not how you expect an aerospace vehicle to move based on g-factor and an the “assumed” top/bottom orientation of a saucer craft. 
Also, this put the bottom of the craft broadside with the direction of travel on the last leg. Again, not something we would assume for an aerospace vehicle departing the atmosphere and accelerating. Nor was this the observed behavior during the hovering dives which seemed much more conventional.    
Picture 2 (Ground View of Vehicle and Flight Paths) 
What I saw was a classic flying saucer shape, that seemed so cliché it was upsetting. It was much the shape of a drummer’s cymbal (Picture 3. Disregard the surface pattern in the picture, I could not decern a pattern from my viewing distance). This is good proportional representation, although the center bulge should be more rounded like a half sphere. 
Picture 3 (Cymbal-Saucer Shape)
The red color it glowed reminded me of “temperature color charts” for welding and forging. I do not wish to imply that this was the temperature of the craft based on black body emissions although I have entertained that thought. This chart was just a good depiction of the shades of red I observed. 
Picture 4 (Temperature Color Chart)
The color range went from Bright Cherry to Faint Red. On the top, the dome was Bright Cherry and the rest was shaded in bands. Blood Red around the Dome changing to Cherry and back to Blood Red at the outer edge (bright-dark-bright).  The underside was opposite (dark-bright-dark), starting as Faint Red in the center, encircled by Medium Cherry, then Blood Red with the final band being Cherry. The bands were not defined like the rings of Saturn, just a shading change that gave it “shape”. The underside was notably darker in its shading in comparison to the top.      
When the craft dove to the ground it changed from a flat orientation to a -60-degree angle so the assumed/expected view was the top. When it ascended it was as if it reflected back up at a +60-degree angle. That gave me the view of what I assumed/expected was the bottom. Luckily, I got to watch this happen three times which really helped to solidify the observation.   
As I mentioned earlier at the end of the first departure leg the craft was slightly inverted as if it rolled 100+ degrees from level. Unfortunately, the movement caught me by surprise, so I am unable to say whether this happened incrementally through each of the segments in that leg. The final position in that leg was most memorable because the magnitude of the glow was significantly brighter at that position. 
Something I have to make clear is all of this top vs. bottom description is based solely on the shading in the glow. I understand and acknowledge that the eye can be easily fooled by this. My account is according to what the human eye-brain connection saw, and I naturally assigned top and bottom accordingly.     
The last departure leg I got even less view of; all I can note is the flashes for the segments and again the last position seen at the end of the leg was brighter than the previous segments in that leg. It was traveling away and there are no other details I can really state about the crafts orientation, just too small and quick. I was lucky to catch it at all as the 90 degree course change was very unexpected.  
Most of the people I was with saw little to nothing, they just didn’t watch. I watched intently through the event.  The one person who I know saw it with me briefly and tried to get the attention of the others missed the last dive and departure.    

A few days after Thanksgiving we went out riding around in the same area and stopped to ask some of the residences that lived along Piper Rd. We thought we would ask them if they’d seen anything that night or perhaps in the past. The first person we talked to just seemed scared but I get the impression it had nothing to do with the subject matter just scared of older teens and what they may be up to. 

A second guy we caught at his mail box, and he told us that he heard this and that but had no first-hand encounter or sighting to speak of. However, the last person we spoke too said they had been there for decades and had seen all kinds of weird lights in the sky from one time to another. They really gave no specifics, just lights moving around that don’t make noise and disappear. However, he did say that he would see them over the farm and over the reservoir (water) from time to time.  
A couple weeks later on December 6, 1976 I was bored and decided to drive up to the farm and look around alone. I thought if the thing had touched down maybe I would see something. The cloud cover was low but thin and the moon was apparently full so the clouds acted like a diffuser for the moonlight, it was as bright as a cloudy day if that makes sense. 
I went out into two of the fields to look around. There was a light snow on the ground, only stubs of whatever grass/crop was planted there, all very uniform. I couldn’t find anything, no marks, scuffs, indentations, just nothing. Getting into the fields was tough as there was brush and a ditch along the roadside. After finding nothing in two fields I gave up and left. 
Sorry, there is no grand ending to this, but it is what it is. I wanted to commit this to record more for the observation of what to me was certainly an actual craft that was far beyond our technical capacity. I hope someone finds value this report. 
Thanks
