{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-25 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470066","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90437","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3099,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/066/mufon-5470066.json","updb_database_id":5470066}
Fast-moving craft with constant, dim-brown light emitted

I was looking at the stars and moon, as it was the first clear and starry night we've had in a while. I was looking all over the sky for about 20 minutes, then turned my attention to the moon. I then saw what looked like a very dim shooting star fly past at a similar elevation (in degrees) relative to the moon (appeared to fly past the moon) at a very high speed. I expected it to disappear quickly, but I was surprised to find I was able to follow it as it flew across the sky. I then figured it was perhaps a satellite or space station, as it had a dim starry quality and moved in a swift straight line; however, its path then changed quickly as it made u-turn from northbound to southbound. At this point I was completely transfixed on it as it flew in a more unpredictable, smooth, curvy path towards the southwest. It then reached a point where houses and trees blocked my view; I did not see it again after that point. During the short amount of time I did see it, I could not make out a specific shape, though it no doubt had a specific structure. It appeared to have very dim, brownish lights (like that of a dim brown star) which did not blink, possibly a few or only one. Apart from the lights it seemed to have a darker surface against the lighter shade of the night sky and moonlight diffused in the atmosphere. It made no sound. It appeared to be quite high, but lower than an commercial aircraft's flight, perhaps at an altitude where smaller craft would normally fly. If so, its size would be similar to that of a smaller aircraft. I considered that it may have been a drone, but it made no sound and lacked the brighter lights of a drone, and its movements seemed much too fast and unpredictable (I have seen drones flying at night, specifically during the 4th of July around fireworks). I also considered a night-preying bird of some sort, due to its smooth and movement, but its ability to pause for moments, and its dim light, seem to indicate otherwise. I also made note of the wind direction that night, which was about 11 kts west-southwest. Its initial movement Northward, at a fast speed, seemed unaffected by the wind; this would indicate that a large bird would have difficulty going against the wind, but I am no expert in that field. I couldn't take my eyes off of it, and I could only guess what it was, but I kept cancelling-out possible known objects as it moved unlike anything else I could think of. It was unknown!
