{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-22 10:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504665","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54221","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2727,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/665/mufon-5504665.json","updb_database_id":5504665}
{kt}The craft was hovering less than 100 ft off the ground in the opposite direction we were travelling, flashy trippy lights, so close it was unreal, no doubt.

My close friend and I were travelling west on highway 127 coming into crossville, ironically we had been discussing ufo-watching with some friends earlier. We noticed some blinky lights off the left and start watching closely, and we noticed it was travelling pretty slow. About that time we noticed that it was uncomfortably close, so I pulled over and we watched this craft basically hover right over us (east) and past us. We were travelling about 55 mph when we noticed the craft. It appeared massive in comparison to us, and of course our cell phone video caught no detail. The craft was seemed to be lined with yellow and red and some lights which shimmered in a weird way which was unlike the blinking lights of an airplane, where some yellow lights seemed not to waver in intensity. Additionally there appeared to be beams of light coming from the bottom of the craft which were much dimmer but larger, it literally looked like two search lights were mounted on it. shortly after it passed by we continued home and called our above-mentioned friends (at exactly 10:35 pm), who immediately flipped out because they had also seen a UFO shortly before, in a different location, travelling in a different direction. Additionally I called my brother, who also watches, who also flipped out, as he had seen something funky in the skies half a county away in Harriman earlier tonight. I cannot personally give a witness's account on the latter two sightings, and I doubt my friends will take the time to fill out a report, but there is no doubt in my mind whatsoever that what we say was NOT an airplane or done of any known making. Our video is included as well as the other from Crossville tonight, neither of which are substantial in my unprofessional opinion.
