{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-26 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503665","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55263","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3094,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/665/mufon-5503665.json","updb_database_id":5503665}
{nd} Small UFO first came from sky shot across infront of me while hang gliding

I am a hang glider pilot from Canada and go to Florida once a year to fly at an aero tow park near Groveland,Fla. I was coming in to land and one of my friends was videoing my approach into the field and the landing. I will send the video which will show everything. No one saw the objects as they flew at blurring speeds not visible to the naked eye. Though one guy said he saw the entity but not sure if it was on the video or in person.
The friend sent me the video and I viewed it on my way back to Canada at the hotel room we stayed for the night. I noticed these strange streaks shooting across behind me and infront as I was flying. They were so fast that you would hardly notice them. I check another video of my other friend coming into land just before me and saw the orbs in the center upper right moving at great speed changing direction instantly then vanishing. First it was one then turned into two before disappearing against an over cast cloud cover. Back to my landing approach right at the start of the video an orb show up in the distance behind my left wing and flys from left to right. Only visible if you play pause quickly , then suddenly from the upper left of the screen an object came streaking down at about 45 deg. right infront of my hang glider as I was coming in to land. It looked liked a bird as it was a circle with two sharp wings , then it either changed shape or angle of view so it looked more oval looking and shot down at the same angle into the forest not changing speed or direction.
Then as I was in my final landing approach my feet started to touch down and the object object (same one or different one, who knows) came in from the right about 3' off the ground and again at break neck speed,(blur) about 10 deg. and don't really know where it ended up as the video did not show.
I was very excited to see this , though after the fact as this was my first UFO sighting of my life. You will see much detail once you view the video and slow it down frame by frame. I can send the other video of my friend's landing if you wish. It was just an orb in the distance changeing directions and splitting into two then vanishing.
The video was taken at 30 fps on a JVC hd video camera.
