{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-20 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452665","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2648,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/665/mufon-5452665.json","updb_database_id":5452665}
Stepped outside to have a quick look after hearing a helicopter fly by rather low

Between 1:15- 2:00 AM a helicopter flew by my home very fast, extra loud so obviously it was flying vey low! I stepped out on the porch and naturally it was long gone! So I stepped inside to grqb a smoke sensation and went back out and I was looking up at the night sky and thought I was seeing a plane at 1st but I knew it wasn’t immediately when this orbital UFO thing just stopped mid air turned in a circular about face directly facing me and displayed a plethora of different lights illuminating in a star like shape beams from dim to then bright. Then proceeded to move 100 ft latterly and appeared again 5 seconds later stopping midair while Only the top part of it turned in an ocular motion to display green blue flashing light then yellow as if it were then orbiting and again pointing in my direction in a different spot same area again beaming different 
lengths of white, silver yellow gold lights like a star with beaming rays! I was so entranced by it I didn’t think to grab my phone which was inside so I continued to watch for what it seemed like 5 minutes or so I thought?
Once It moved behind the tree line I was unable to see it so it broke my trancelike state so I went inside to grab my phone and a sweater and saw the time was 2:15 am. I went back to capture and that was not possible- naturally
it had vanished! I know what I saw n question but what was strange And scary and just freakily coincidental was as soon as I went back in I turned around went back outside looks up once again and a clean cut good looking man in dark clothing was-urgently Walking toward me with such a seriously stare that i bolted back in locked the door and waited to see him walk by, he never did! so I ran to my room to look from another angle of windows with a surrounding view and he was gone! Vanished! I was startled so It took me the entire day to decide if I wanted to report. Trying to find out if someone else saw anything around the same time frame??
