{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-25 11:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490665","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68915","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6526,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/665/mufon-5490665.json","updb_database_id":5490665}
5 SIGHTINGS 2 OF WHICH were tryangel shapes others were just single orbs

Date: Sun, 2 Aug 2015 19:57:36 -0400

A few days before the occurrence I had a panic attack which gave me a premonition that the orbs are coming back (this is something that happens with me frequently). but this time I had a strong feeling so I went outside and positioned one of my security cams pointing to the sky. The day of the sighting July 25,2015 my beautiful dog Sasha, 11 years young,I, My Mom & others Loved her very much, began to act strange and restless. so this made me think something was possibly recorded, so I first checked the footage on the security camera around 3:00 pm. and saw the first 3 orbs in a small triangle shape which was recorded at 11:24 AM and again twice more through the day when I saw more orbs. My Mom and I were shocked at seeing these.I showed her a few days after as she's never seen them before, These orbs were moving slowly over Petrolia with 1 of the orb`s fading out in the group of 3 just before going overhead, the next 2 lights were going across my cam screen & 1 turned to the left at 14:30 pm hrs. The larger 3 orbs shaped like a uniform triangle was recorded around 18:02 hrs.EST and have no idea if there were more of these or not??? off my cam,
At 7:30 AM July 26, Sasha came in my bedroom & woke me up, she was moving her paws all over and moaning. I noticed the swelling in her tummy and immediately I called my Vet, I knew something was wrong & just after I started telling her these things, Sasha got up on her front legs, cried & went back to floor, she said to bring her in to the Animal Hospital RIGHT AWAY. She sadly passed away shortly before 10 AM of a spleen hemorrhage. I feel that this was a very strange thing to have happened at the same time as the orbs. Sasha had been with me during other strange sightings in Forest Ont., Canada which I feel had an emotional impact on both of us.
Sasha & I saw a few of these in Forest Ont Canada in 2008 & 9 like the first orbs seen in a photo a reporter from the Forest Standard published on July 10, 08  I noticed in the top of the photo a ball orb like the one I saw in a photo that I took in later July of 2008 at about 17:oo hrs Est. pm. I noticed this dark orb thing up above the trees in Forest & I asked the photo tech what he thought it was. He checked it with a magnifying glass and said it's not a defect with the negative,or my professional film camera as he checked it too. so it definitely looks to be something taken in the photo a BALL or something. I still have these pics. I received messages during panic attacks in Aug of o8. that there would be more sightings very soon. At the end of Sept 2008 I was more paranoid walking my dog which continued to bother me. My Doctor advised me to take only short walks. On the 20 of Oct 2008 I walking her close to my apt. around 22:30 PM when I sighted the orb. I saw this bright ball of fuzzy light coming from the other side of Forest just over buildings and houses and I thought it was a plane or helicopter with a searchlight but as it was getting closer I noticed there was no sound or blinking lights, nothing just an orb, like a ball of cotton it was fuzzy around the edge. As we came to our apt,after Sasha was finished her home work!!!, which was 20 steps up to second floor where my apt was this ORB about the size of car tire hovered over the old 3 story Royal Bank building, up above an aerial on the roof we watched it for about 30 secs., then it just vanished. 
My next sighting was on Jan 9, 2009 at 14:30 hrs Est. Sasha & I were having a great walk on the trail we loved and I let her run free after her ball and noticed a small blue, white,& yellow plane around 200 ft in front of us going over a farm field & this dark ball like object which I thought was a camera was in front of the plane, as it got closer I realized it wasn't. Before the plane went over our heads the orb went around to the back of it. The plane made a sharp turn as if checking on the orb location, it was in front of Sasha & me about 70 feet up and I feel it put us in a bubble like thing & we were lifted from the ground. I tried looking at her, she was looking up tilting her head to one side, I was feeling this bubble was around us & I couldn't move my arms or legs or barely move my head & I was scared. tried to speak to Sasha she didn't even look at me & my voice was like rubberized or,,,,,we couldn't hear the birds sing or nothing, I felt we were in a time warp. I lost time on my watch & I don't remember what else happened but do remember that the orb vanished and the plane came back around. Suddenly I found Sasha and I were both laying on the ground, we got up and I noticed we both had dirt on us and started to walk home, which usually takes 5 -8 mins but this time it took us a long time like 20-30 mins. We were both like hypnotized or hung over or something. 
Future attempts to walk in that area were not possible because it caused great anxiety in both Sasha and I. I would throw her ball near the little bridge on the trail but she didn't want to go anywhere near it which she loved to do before this sighting.
In February 28, 2009 at about 17:40 pm, I have a hard time explaining this but i can say as Sasha & I were sitting on the side of a hill watching the sunset, a bright transparent orb was coming across the farm field slowly & made a sharp L turn & It started getting bigger as it was coming closer to us, I'm not sure what size it was about 200 or so feet away, then it started disappearing slowly but I could see the sun set through it so i can't explain that , Sasha & I ran home as fast we could after the other occurrence had freaked us out. We didn't see any more until the occurrences at the top of this letter, but I did see a ball of lightning in a thunder storm at the back of my apt in Forest 2009 it lasted 6 seconds,I never seen one of these before ether.
