{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-03-03 23:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487665","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4246,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/665/mufon-5487665.json","updb_database_id":5487665}
{jpg} It was neon in appearance and had a black center. It looked like a human eye.

This is a report on an alien spacecraft sighting that I encountered March 3, 1995 at between 11:30 and 12 midnight. I believe this is the source of the all seeing eye we all know too well of. The image above the pyramid, the illuminati, ancient aliens and so many many others that are associated with this eye image. This spacecraft looked exactly like a human eye from the angle that I viewed it from, which in my opinion is the spacecrafts desired forward motion. Although I am certain it could maneuver in any direction it so desired. I was traveling NE on interstate US.270 in St.Louis county and had just crossed interstate US.64(route 40, we call it highway 40), when all of a sudden coming SW directly at us ( a friend from work was riding with me), a streak of white light appeared and when this streak that had what seemed to be a tail trailing it, stopped in an instant and the tail of it caught up to it. Like a fireworks sparkle that you twirl around and it has that reddish orange tail that comes from the ignited flame part of the sparkle. It stopped for a moment on the west side of the highway then slowly moved to the east side of the highway. Whenever it moved it left exact transparent images of itself that caught up with the original spacecraft when it stopped. It's the same as you would see if you set your computer mouse pointer to leave trails, it then moved back to the west side of the highway US.270 leaving the same transparent tail of images of itself that caught up to the solid original spacecraft. It stopped for a moment again. Then suddenly it dropped down to just below the treetops. Again leaving a tail trail of transparent images of itself as it moved. Once behind the trees it looked as though it pivoted and turned to the eye looking forward direction that I spoke of, then in a flash disappeared to the west. My friend and I sat saying nothing to each other for maybe 20 to 30 seconds, when I finally had to say, "Man did you see that?", he said,"Yeah man I saw it but I was not going to say anything to you or anyone else because people will only say you are crazy." He said this to me when I have told him many times of the things I have witnessed because then he finally admitted that he has seen many strange beings and things but he will never tell anyone because all they will say is that you are crazy. My response was I don't care what they say, I know what I just saw and anyone that has a ear to listen I am telling them about this and exactly what I saw. The highway was packed with cars in both directions. It was a busy and very active Friday night. Many had to see this spacecraft. The following day reports came from all states that bordered Missouri and in Missouri. Even a news reporter said she and her husband saw a strange streak of light that night on her way home from work that night. Thank you all for your time and reading another one of my experiences. I also have part of a documentary where at least 5 air force personnel saw the same craft and the description and animation that was rendered is as accurate as can be to what I witnessed. I was surprised and very happy when I viewed this, that someone else had seen the same exact spacecraft. They may not have seen it at the same angle as I did but its the same neon colored spacecraft that looks exactly like a human eye. If you could do some 3D RENDERING you could tell this craft in this video looks like an eye. Peace be with you and stay safe.
