{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-05-20 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547665","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15154","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3072,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/665/mufon-5547665.json","updb_database_id":5547665}
I was in my family room looking outside and it was hovering over the tree line.

This event happened a few years ago so unfortunately, not everything is clear. However, I remember the following vividly. 
I was young and in my old house. I happened to be watching TV like every other weekday night around 7 or 8 o'clock. I happened to feel inclined to look out my window (I used to do this because I liked how the sun set over the tree line that borders my neighborhood) and to my surprise, there was something I was not used to seeing. I was captivated by what I call my first UFO. 
The object was silhouetted by the sunset and as a result was a dark grey/black-ish color. I could however discern that it was metallic as there was some reflection of the sunlight off of it as it hovered. There were no lights, no sounds, and no other physical signs of its presence besides that it was floating there. I pondered what it could be: the sky was clear so I knew it was not some kind of cloud or other weather-related phenomena. However, it looked like a classic disk shaped craft I have so classically heard about being a UFO. This one had two unique distinctions: it had a tail rudder (similar to that on a commercial jet) and bubble canopy (or cockpit like structure). I knew it was NOT a jet or other aircraft however, because it was hovering (and it was not a helicopter because there were no rotors or moving parts anywhere on it!). I even considered the possibility that if it was a jet, it could be flying AWAY from or TOWARDS me but I ruled this out because the craft did not shrink or grow in visible size as is the effect when something moves towards/from one's vantage point. Then, unexpectedly, the craft turned in place!! What I mean by this is that it did not move its position in the x,y,z plane, but it banked (tilted to one side) and then rotated, in place, facing a different direction. I knew it was facing a different direction, because I could no longer see the distinct "tail" anymore. I called my younger sister over and she saw it for a brief second too. We turned to look at each other in confusion and when we turned back, the craft had vanished! There was no trace it had ever been there - no smoke, no residue, no sound. I have never seen anything like this before!
I will include a drawing on MS Paint but excuse the poor quality for I am no artist.
