{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-01 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485665","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74063","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4118,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/665/mufon-5485665.json","updb_database_id":5485665}
Very high elevation. Slow steady path. No bird. No plane. Too high. Orbs in vision after initial observation. Strange phonecall. Power outage. Buzzing.

Im from Ohio, but i visited a girl in Malta for new years eve and stayed for a week. On new years eve we went out and did the usual: visited a coue clubs, drank danced etc. She tends to sleep late and we didnt even get to bed til around dawn. I woke up first, not unusual. I got up, and had a cigarette, but i wanted to be outside and she has 3 balconies so i went out on the one by her kitchen. The other is for the dog and cats, and the third is accessed thru the besroom and i didnt want to wake her. Im smoking on the balcony because im in a new place and enjoyed being outside and seeing something besides Ohio. I looked at the horizon and the sky, just sort of taking in this experience. As i looked in the sky i saw a black dot. I think as humans we jave the ability to sort of judge distance feom seeing cwrtain things all our lives.. we see planes and bkrds in the sky every day. I saw the black dot and knew it was higher than a bird, and higher than a plane. And i first thought "bird? Plane?" And honestly wanted it to be explained as either. It was too high. And slow, but moving slowly from left to right. So small that i would look away and have to focus on the general region where id seen it a second before, but there it was. Afyer three or four times looking away and refocusing, i started seeing white orbs in my direct vision. Not in the sky but in MY vision. To the point where i at first swatted at them because i thought it was gnats or something. But as id try to focus on one to determine what it was, theyd disappear from my direct vision and reappear in the sides of my vision. And they happened a bit more as id try to focus back on the black dot i was watching.
I began to feel confused because i couldnt make sense of this, and i thought "am i still drunk?". But i am a drinker, i handle my alcohol quite well and know my limits. I wasnt hung over and was not still intoxicated. 
Arou!d the time i begin to wonder if my phone camera will even focus on something so small, i realise my friend is awake and i see her in the kitchen. I feel confused and like i shouldn't tell her because i feel like its crazy and inexplicable. A buzzing sound starts happening. Her condo is on the top floor of the building she lives in, and it sounded electrical..like wires. And it sounded like it was coming from the roof. I looked back to try amd find the dot but it was gone or behind clouds.
I went inside, still feeling odd. She started to make coffee and the power cut out. I dont know the technical layout of her place, bit she had to leave and go to the bottom floor to reset a breaker or something. As soon as she shut the door,i had an incoming phonecall from something that wasnt even a phone number: 5171#32. I didnt answer because i was a little freaked out now, i managed to screenshot the call after it appeared, and immediately my phone died.
I felt strange about the whole thing, not exciytd to tell anyone. She had to reset the power several times and we had had any problems before, or after that. I didnt tell her til a couple days later.
As she made coffee after we got the power back, i went back out for another smoke, and saw an identical dot originating in the same spot where id seen the first amd i just went back inside.
