{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-08-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529665","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25852","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4014,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/665/mufon-5529665.json","updb_database_id":5529665}
i cant not tell this story its drove me crazy for over 10 years

One evening in late august ,had to b round 7 maybe 8 pm , clear day , me an my girlfriend at the time had just pulled up at my home in a area of cumberland county tn called homestead. As soon as I exited the truck i leaned with my arms on the bed of the truck an looked to my left in a area that's a long valley between sum good sized mountains and my mouth absolutely hit the ground. I could not take my eyes off what I saw. My girlfriend asked me what was I lookin at and I couldn't even respond all I could do was point. She looked an said holy $%!* is that what I think it is ? I still couldn't answer. Only laugh in disbelief. We were staring at three rectangular verticle lights that were flashing a quick red blue green an everyso often white. I can judge the distance fairly easily maybe a 1/4 mile at the most. These lights would start into a certain sequence flashing. There was no noise no balloon no nothing. These lights started turning from left to right rockin like it was on a center. It was maybe 75 ft off the ground and slowly going north towards crab orchard. By this time it had started well into dusk and it started slowly upward. By this time some stars started showing an this thing became like a pulsar star. Flickering to match the stars. Now by this time we were histerical as both of us could not believe what we had just saw. This thing stayed. Now this is where it gets even more exciting. We by all means were so curious as to what this thing was going to do that we could not take our eyes off it. This thing got really bright started flashing red blue green with each rectangular light designated to a certain color an I be damn if here floated another one. They both flashed at the same time as to signal or communicate to one another. By this time its around 11 pm. After a few mins it did the same thing. It became like a star. Well after 30 mins these things started flashing again and damn if they didn't slowly shift locations went approximately 1/4 mile and flashed again an stopped. Became like a star once again. Well 15 mins go by they started signaling again. Here comes a third one from the west. Does the same thing flashes then becomes like a star. This goes on for at least an hour. They would b star like then all of a sudden the flashing an then slowly change location. Over the next 4 hours 5 more come in. By this time we were so histerical we didn't know what the hell we were seeing. They would all flash together an slowly change location. Well now its around 430 maybe 5 am. I'm watching 9 of these things making sure I know which "stars" to watch. Its slowly becoming dayliight. These things started up with the flashin an the one that was over homestead started decending to the ground an disapeared below the tree line. I was hysterical my girlfriend was freakin the hell out as was I. I could not believe what we were watching. So maybe 15 mins go by an once again the flashing then slowly the one that decended came back up an they all started to move. They only moved a little distance and became still. The strangest part was they faded like the stars do when morning comes. When the daylight came they faded away unnoticed. I had to drive my girlfriend to her parents house cuz she was in tears. I still cannot believe what we saw. I had to tell this. I've had this on my mind for a long time
