{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492292","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67256","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/292/mufon-5492292.json","updb_database_id":5492292}
i saw a bright light the size of a cube van two doors east i saw if from my living room window it was very bright with red neon lights extending up to 100 ft it disappeared in two yellow blinks,my daughter saw too and was going to take picture but couldnt

I was laying down on couch around 930 with a headache tv muted lights out and I noticed these long red neon lights out my window going across church parking lot 2 doors down. I automatically new that something very strange was going on. I yelled out something to my myself and my daughter heard and came into the room I was motionless only half way sitting. She came into room and looked at me and followed my gaze out the window. At this point she said she was going to take a picture.When she came into the room i was able to stand up and go to the window with her. the windows were open and we could hear no sound but could feel a vibrating ohm through our body. the red neon lights I had seen were attached somehow it was blurry to a large cube van size super bright light.
the outside outline was blurry but it seemed that there was movement to the light within itself. there were many red beams 70-100 the were all different sizes up to 100 ft in length.the were at least 8 inches in diameter and had solid flat ends. the trees on the other side of street were red like the red from a heat lamp.this was close to power lines and three transformers on the pole that I could not see it was between us but closest to the pole the red lights retracted and the red glow faded and the immense brightness dimmed and it shrunk until it blinked twice and disappeared. it was very small when it blinked i remember seeing a silver type object that yellow blinked from.I do not know how long it was there or how long we actually saw it for it was 11 pm when all said and done. My daughter thinks they are following me, maybe cause i saw something as a child I have since moved as anxiety and having to be looking out the window all the time for its return.this pic is out the window and i can only give the size shape etc with drawing added second pic is from internet its the closest i could find but still not quite the same as red lights i saw were solid and think with blunt flat ends and was much closer.my memory of event is very confusing cause i remember things that i do not recall happening...like ignoring it and looking away doing something else but i was almost in a trance? i couldn't really move or think or speak until it was gone and we both thought afterwords that whatever it was in there knew we were watching it..if i held pie plate at arms length it would've just covered the center light
