{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-09 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487292","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72377","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2364,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/292/mufon-5487292.json","updb_database_id":5487292}
{nd} All at Once

My neighbor just stopped by and left, returning to his home across the street. I followed him home, left and was walking up his driveway towards my home. 
As I got to the end, I heard a observed a four seater airplane overhead, which was flying over the streetlight. Completely visible, If it was day, I probably could have read the I'd letters and numbers on the plane.
Immediately, I remember having seen another object up and off to my left. Right above my neighbors house across the street. I just remembered seeing this before I had observed the plane. Which is why I looked up at the plane. The plane was very loud, but the glowing red light,I noticed was silent. And the Red light was coming closer and brighter. It was now about the size of a quarter or 50 cent piece. Slowly, like a crawl, coming closer. I thought about my phone camera but did not have it....So, I quickly walked and pounder on my neighbor's door. He is a former Vietnam doctor in the Air Force. Surely, I thought he would recognize this flying craft. In less than 45 seconds, we were both looking at this object which must have traveled 500 miles in the other direction. It was red and was traveling like a leaf would, UP and away, in a swirling wind.A single, long, lazy loop. This would be the second UFO I have ever seen. The first time scared me, this one did not. There was also the color white inside the Red glow and I remember it turning sideways, or just the bottom half turning, and seeing two long, what I guess were, landing legs. And then after it disappeared a plane with a red flashing light, far off in the distant, but in the same direction was observed and decided that we knew for sure that it was a plane. Compared thar with what we both saw, wasn't even close.
