{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-09 04:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475292","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85006","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/292/mufon-5475292.json","updb_database_id":5475292}
{cak} Two orbs traveling in different directions disappeared in the same spot.

I had just finished watching a movie at 4 AM and was up with insomnia. I went to smoke a cigarette on my balcony, which faces east, and ai always watch the sky. I saw a white, star-like light traveling on a horizontal path from the south, going north, for a few seconds. I was counting and it was 5-6 seconds. I thought it was a satellite until it suddenly disappeared. A few moments later an amber colored light coming from the north, going south, disappeared in the same spot. I only saw the amber one for a few seconds before it was gone. That was kind of awesome. 

Both star-like orbs traveled in a straight line and then suddenly disappeared. They were very high up in the atmosphere, at least 75-80 degrees up. I thought that maybe they seemed to disappear because of clouds, but there were no clouds visible to me then, and it seemed like an awfully weird coincidence that two lights from opposite directions disappeared in the same spot. I watched the spot for a few moments are noticed tiny pin-pricks of light rotating in a circle, as if they were on the edge of a solid object, or rotating in unison. God as my witness, I saw that rotation, and as high as this was, the elliptical shape of the rotation must have covered many, many football fields. Massive, gargantuan. These pinpoints of light were an eighth of the size of the orbs I saw. As far as I could tell, these pinpricks of light were not attached to anything. And I saw these lights for certain, with my mouth hanging open, as they rotated. They faded from view in a a minute or less. I sat there for a while waiting to see what might happen next.

I saw a jet fly over, coming from the west (behind me, overhead) due east after the event. Proper stoves and an obvious aircraft. Minutes later I saw two jets come from the west, going east, again overhead, and they seemed to be traveling as a pair. I don't think it was commercial traffic because they were too close. They seemed paired. It looked like one lead jet on the left and one several yards behind, from my vantage point, and they were so small, because they were so high up. They were so high that I never heard a sound. That kind of freaked me out, and maybe that was a coincidental military exercise. But it just seemed weird that this was happening as the jets went towards the same direction as the disappearing orbs and the pinpricks of rotating light. 

It was remarkable. I couldn't get to sleep until 5:30 AM but was lucky enough to sleep in until 10:30 AM. I can draw what I saw if needed. Let me know.
