{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-31 14:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469292","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91245","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/292/mufon-5469292.json","updb_database_id":5469292}
{jpg} I took a photo in a field; two days later I saw the white spot. Camera's LIVE mode exposed flight of white spot.

I was with my boyfriend in a field at 2:25 PM that belongs to a site being developed for veteran's housing in Center Point, TX, Valiant Heart Communities. Slight breeze, clear blue sky with little clouding. I was taking photos for the new website to show the peacefulness of the park and what future developments on the land would be. This back field will be gardens so I thought a long shot of it would be pretty for the site. I took several photos that day and did not see the white dot in the sky until two days later when I was deciding which photos to use for the website. The object does not appear in any other photos. When I saw the white dot against the blue sky, I enlarged the image and noticed angular aspects to it's overall shape. My first instinct was knowing it was in the UFO category. But I am not up on secret/stealth developments, either. I count 5 sides, but due to lack of clarity, I cannot determine if there is a sixth side, which would have made it a hexagon. In the still photo it is positioned at a slant, the lowest edge is in shadow and shows a thickness to the object. The overall surface area appears flat and whitish. On the lowest edge and the edge to the right, there are darkened, circular shadow areas that appears to be scooped out in the structure, indentions of a kind. Since it is an enlarged image and loses clarity, it is hard to determine exactly, but there appear to be circular areas on the flat surface that are possibly lights; I count six, slightly lighter in brightness tonality, and even distances apart. Three on one side and three on the other. There is a darkened area around the whole object that could represent an energy emitting from it, or a reaction of it in the atmosphere, but I don't have that kind of expertise to know. It's like an aura. I have left my iPhone camera in LIVE mode for several months, so when I tapped on the photo to activate it, I saw the white shape enter from the upper right hand corner of the frame and, in a flip flop, tumbling type of action, move across the frame and exit at a lower point in the photo than it had entered, yet it remained in the blue sky. The object and the movement of it were not visible to me when I took the photo on March 31. (Passover!) As I have been a student of ufology for years, I have seen some things, but never captured anything in a photo. I have been excited to have my own visual piece of this special time in our history.
