{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-14 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284292","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119129","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2976,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/292/mufon-5284292.json","updb_database_id":5284292}
Slowly moving craft in the shape of a Coors Light Silver Bullet beer can.

Around dusk in the Fall of 2014, I was driving around 695 in the Northeast corner coming from Dundalk to Bel Air Road. Around one of the 2 sharp left turns near the 702 or Rt 40 splits I saw a soda or beer can dimensionally shaped craft floating slowly across the sky above & in front of me at about 300-500 ft. It was moving in a flat horizontal path with no sound, emissions, windows, or lights. It was vertically positioned with no apparent source of propulsion. No wings, no propulsion, or impellers. It was insane, I couldn't stop on the beltway to take a photo as i was right in the middle of a sharp turn on the Beltway. 
I had searched MUFON years later & saw no mention of the event & had never seen any video or report of a similar craft.

My personal hypothesis is that is our reversed engineered craft out on a test flight. This theory garnered by a few corroborating facts.

1: The craft was in direct path toward Martin State Airport, coincidentally where the largest Defense contractor for our military, Lockheed Martin Aerospace, now owned by Northrop- Grumman have facilities as well as the airport.

2. Two airships were positioned along its path at relatively the same height some 1 or 2 months afterward. The Baltimore Sun interviewed a Major General of Aberdeen Proving Ground (APG) who declared in the article that they were positioned there to surveil the area up to 360 miles for any missiles of some sort & send data to ground control at APG. If they are a related defense mechanism & this craft is ours it must really be secretive for a Major General not to know about craft of this type being tested less than 10 miles from Edgewood Arsenal part of APG. Seems to me they were put there to capture footage of this craft should it return. Very quietly these airships disappeared with not much local discussion. I recall one news brief that one had become untethered and ended up north in Pennsylvania.

3. Thinking back about 15 to 20 years back seeing the Stealth Fighter above Martin State Airport. Just prior to or just after it was announced as our new defense jet. So, the aeronautical companies mentioned have much to do with our stealth technologies.

Seems quite odd to test this vehicle at rush hour on the busiest roadway in the Greater Baltimore Metropolitan area.
