{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1960-07-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549292","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/292/mufon-5549292.json","updb_database_id":5549292}
Weekday afternoon in late 1960s in mid-Manhattan. Witnessed by many newsmen.

I was working as a broadcast engineer on the sixteenth floor of building next to the Taft Hotel on West 50/51st Street off Seventh Avenue. I first noticed a black dot coming from the southwest (Jersey City, NJ area) on a Northeast course. When I first noticed it I had no idea what it was. Eventually a co-worker from the next studio, with basically the same vantage point quiried "What the hell is that thing?!" Apparently he had been watching for several minutes at least. I had been observing for about 10 minutes at that point. It was ever so slowly coming closer while maintaining the same altitude.The object appeared (once close enough to observe more clearly) to be flat black and no windows. It was aboout 16 feet tall and not quite as wide. It had winglets that sloped down from the middle as it also sloped up from the middle. Like fat vs on their side. The object itself was sphericle.

The object undulated from side to side at a constant rate throughout. About twenty or so degrees one way and then tilted the same in the other direction. It came to the Empire State Building which is situated on 34th Street so I know the exact distanced between we observers and the object to be 16 New York City blocks. It went around the Empire State Building ever so slowly (at the same rate it had been travelling)only a dozen or so feet from the windows on the 100th floor. As it happens, the transmitter rooms for radio and tv stations in the NYC area are located there and facing that very side, one of our engineers called a fellow engineer on that floor. That fellow in turn, along with several collegues, looked in vain but could see nothing! This, despite we were looking at it being right outside their windows!!

In all, there were ultimately 20 or more broadcast engineers, news men, the Director of News for the Mutual Radio Network and secretaries who witnessed as the UFO went around the Empire State Building and was seen going back to from wence it came. Still at a rate of speed of approximately three miles per hour, still undulating as before and at the same altitude, approximately 1,000 agl.

The question immediately arises, why didn't you report this many years ago. The question would be better asked, Why now?
The answer is because not too long ago, on Discovery or some such cable outlet, I was amazed to see the identical
UFO filmed against a building, in broad daylight (our observations were on a somewhat overcast day)on a sunny day.
I believe in Mexico City. The exact same UFO, although it was not shown long enough to ascertain if it were undulating to the left and right as was the case in NYC.

I realize this is a most strange sighting, especially since people only feet from it and looking through a window say nothing but all above is completely accurate. I have gone over this in my mind, and in conversation with others, over the years so it remains relatively fresh in my memory.
