{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-06-14 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491292","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2912,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/292/mufon-5491292.json","updb_database_id":5491292}
{cak} Ball of light hovering over body witnessed by both my cousin and I

In the summer of 1999 i was seven years of age. my dad brothers, cousin and i were camping in the back yard as we did often in the open air on a tarp. some time in the night (i am unsure of the exact time) i remember waking up in my mind but i had no control over my body. i thought it was morning because there was such bright light i could see through my i lids. i couldn't move. i then as if told or controlled my eyes opened slowly to see an orb hovering above my face. it then moved down the length of my body. when it got to my waist i began to sit up still almost beyond my control. i watched the orb float/hover over to the fence ascend up and the hover above the fence about ten feet away from me. the notion crossed my mind (I think now i was being told) to wake my cousin so we could both see it. but when i looked to her she was already awake looking at me. with out a word after a few seconds of staring at each other we both at the exact same time looked back to the craft and watched as it then changed from a singular orb of light to a domed disc shape with three lights that rotated around it's widest circumference. i dont know how long we were looking at it. the entire time the wind seemed to spin around us almost contained to the immediate area there was a low humming nose and an over all feeling of love and comfort. its the best i have felt in my entire life the safest i have felt my entire life. after a while it changed from three lights to one bright orb of light moved along the top of the fence and then moved with incredible speed away from the yard and over the field behind my home. at that instance the hum and wind were suddenly gone and i fell immediately back to sleep. i did't ask my cousin about it until 7 years latter where she told me she remembered and yes it happened she said it sounds like we were abducted. we have discussed only a few times what we each believed happened but we both feel as though some one has been watching us since then on.
This is not the only orb i have seen and not the only experience i had but i feel this is the start of everything in my life i really want answers and to find out what i might not remember. 

I have been to afraid to report early but now i feel it is time.
