{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T01:44:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 610246, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516658.pdf", "source_sha256": "541d588ec094a0907f350371745437edc4412c6cadc38644ac8f5c0a7275563e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 2064, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174708
8144/0029
AIRLINER CREW REPORTS UFO SIGHTING
MOSoON TRUD In Russian 30 Jan 85 p 3
(Report by TRUD Special Correspondent V. Vostrukhin: "At 4:10 Precisely,"
followed by commentary on the report by Nird. Zheltukhin,
deputy chairman of
the Commission on AYa [Aerodynamio Phenomenal attached to the VSNTO [All-Union
Council of Scientifio and Technical Societies) and corresponding member of the
USSR Academy of Sciences]
[Text] Flight No 8352 from Ibilisi to Rostov to Tallin, a
Tu-134 aircraft,
was being manned by a crew from the
Estonian Administration of the USSR Ministry Of CIVII
The aircraft conmander was Igor Alekseyevich
Cherkashin.
He completed the Buguruslan Flight School and
has aocrued 7,000 hours of flight time.
He is a Pilot First
Class.
The copilot was Gennadiy Ivanovich Lazurin. He
conpleted the Sasovo Flight Sohool and the Order of Lenin
Academy of CIV1l Aviation, and has acorued 4,500 hours of
flight time.
He is a Pilot Second Class. The navigator,
Yegor Mikhaylovich Ogner, completed the Order of Lenin
Academy of CiVIl Aviation and has accrued 3,500 hours of
{light time.
He Is a Navigator Second Class. The flight
engineer, Gennadiy Mikhaylovich Kozlov, has accrued 12,500
hours of flight time. He 1s a Flight Engineer First Class.
At 4:10 am, they were 120 kilometers from Minsk, The aircraft was not
flying--it was standing in the center of the universe. There was not a sound
in the earphones. As luok would have it, they were alone in the clear air, in
a blook of black glass with little holes made by the stars.
Glancing over his portion of the sky, the copilot noticed a large star that
was not flickering on his upper right..
But this is no star, this yellow speck
the size of a 5kopeck coin, stretohed out along the edges.
"No matter..," he
told himsels calmly, "refraction of 1ight in the atmosphere or something
e1ge....
A very thin beam of light emerged from the speck and fell vertically
down to the ground itself. Then the pilot nudged the flight engineer:
"Look, Mikhalych..."
55
Approved for Release
2/2010
".. ..

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 390, "chars": 2447, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174708
The flight engineer had barely glanced outside when he said:
"Commander, we must report this to the ground."
But thebeam of light suddenly opened up, turning into a brilliant luminous
cone. From this moment, everyone saw what was taking place outside on the
right. A second cone emerged, wider, but not as bright as the first one.
Then a third one, broad and quite bright.
"Wait," the commander said, shrugging his shoulders, "what do we report? We
have to see what happens further.
And in general--what could this be?"
Il anyone understands that you cannot ascertain distance by eye, pilots do.
Nevertheless, all four had the same perception--an unidentified object is
hovering over the earth
40 to 50 kilometers away.
The copilot hastily began
sketching a drawing of the unusual phenomenon. It was unbelievable, but on
the ground, Illuminated by the cone-shaped beam of light, everything would be
olearly Visible--houses, roads. How powerful this "projector" must be?
The beam of the "projector" rose from the ground and focused on the aircraft.
Now they saw a blinding white spot, surrounded by concentric colored circles.
The commander was atill hesitating: should he report what is taking place or
not? But something that put an end to the doubts happened here.
The white
spot flashed up, and a green cloud emerged in its place.
"He out in the engines and is running away," the copilot said, automatically
shifting the
phenomenon to the plane of an aviator's customary experience.
But it
seemed to the commander that the objeot began coning closer at
trenendous speed, interseating the airoraft's course at a sharp angle. In
short, it was rushing to intercept the path of the airoraft.
Cherkashin shouted to the navigator:
"Tell the ground!"
But there was a strange coincidence: after Ogner's very first words, the
objeat stopped.
It stopped coming closer, it seemed to the commander. It
stopped moving farther away, the copilot decided.
The Minsk controller took the crew's report into consideration and politely
said that he himself, unfortunately, sees nothing--either on the soreen of the
survelllance radar or in the sky.
"Well, now they will say that we're not in our right minds, " Lazurin said,
offended.
But the green cloud suddenly dropped down, rushing past the aireraft s
altitude.
Then it climbed vertically the same way. It was cast right and
left. And again down and up. And finally, It Ilxed Itself exactly opposite

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2280, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174708
to the aircraft.
It flew after it as if it were attached to it--at an
altitude of 10,000 meters at a speed of 800 kilometers per hour.
"An honorary escort, " Cherkashin muttered, "what an honor for us..."
Inside the cloud little lights "sparkled"--they blinked on and off 11ke the
string of lights on a New Year tree.
Then flery zigzags glided horizontally.
The navigator conscientiously reported everything to the ground.
The controller's excited voice was heard to respond:
"I am observing the northern lights on the horizon. Where do you see your
cloud?"
The navigator responded.
"It coincides," the controller said.
The cloud continued to change. A "tail" gren out of it, Ilke a tornado--wide
at the top and thin at the ground.
A "comma" was formed.
Then the tail began
rising "to the horizon" and the cloud changed from an elliptical shape into a
quadrangular one.
"Look," the copllot said, "It's imitating us."
Indeed, they were now being escorted by a sharp-nosed "oloud airplane"--
without wings, with a tapered tail.. It was shining with yellow and green
light.
There was a sense of a dense nucleus where the real aircraft's nozzle
was situated.
A flight attendant entered the cockpit.
"The passengers are Interested in knowing what is flying alongside us."
Cherkashin sighed:
"Tell them It's a cloud of some kind. The yellow is city lights breaking
through from below. The green... tell them it's the northern lights."
At this time one more real aircraft entered the Minsk controller's control
area. A Iu-134 from Leningrad was flying in the direction opposite to that
being flown by the crew from Tallin.
About 100 kilometers separated the two
airliners.
It was impossible not to notice the huge oloud airplane from such
a distance.
However, the commander of the other "Tu" (Tupoler airerart]
responded to Cherkashin's question that he. observes nothing. The Minsk
controller, who now saw the cloud airplane, gave the Leningrad crew the
coordinates, the direotion in which they should doteot the unusual phenomenon.
But it was as if they were blind.
And at a distance of only about 15
kilometers before the encounter they recovered their sight. They described
the cloud airplane axactly.
Much later, in attompting to explain to themselves what they had seen,

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 460, "chars": 2902, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174708
Cherkashin's crew will assume that the light from the object was polarized,
that is, it was not dispersed in all directions.
When they were coupled with the cloud airplane they passed over Riga and
Vilnius, and the controllers of these cities consistently positioned the odd
tandem.
Passing over the Chudskoye and Pskovskoye lakes, Cherkashin's crew
were able to estimate the dimensions of the cloud airplane.
These two lakes, oblong in shape, are separated by a small strip of land. The
Tu-134A was flying 100 kilometers to the left of then. And the cloud airplane
was on the right, closer to Tartu. Fron the point where it seened they
guessed there was a dense nuoleus, a beam again appeared. A luminous spot
Tell on the clouds and alid along the ground.
The object automatically gave
its coordinates.
It was now possible to estimate that it itself was equal in
length to the Pskovskoye Lake.
The combined flight continued until Tallin Itself.
And after their landing, the Tallin controdier told the crew these curious
details.
The Iu-134A was not seen alone on the soreen of the Tallin Airport's
surveillance RLS (radar). Iwo more blips followed its radar return on the
screen, although there was not one more aircraft in the air. In addition,
these two blips were continuously visible, as also assumed.
But the
Illuminated speck for the "Tu" first vaniahed, then reappeared, "I would
understand 1f you had 'flickered' on the screen of the landing radar," the
controller said. "But this does not happen on the surveillanoe radar; it
cannot be."
We asked No A. Zheltukhin, deputy chairman of the Commission
on Aerodynamic Phenomena attached to the All-Union Council of
Scientific and Technical Socleties and corresponding member
of the USSR
Academy of sciences, to comment on our
correspondent's report.
"The commission 1s conducting a systematio study of NLO [unidentified flying
object--UFOJ sightings over the territory of the Soviet Union. Ihere 1s
already plenty of material to work on. However, we have to note that
regrettably, all the accounts which we have at our disposal suffer from being
one-sided or fragmentary to one degree or another.
"The sighting made by the Tallin crew has been investigated by the Estonian
section of our commission (I. Volke, E. Parve and others).
Interesting, although we know of similar cases.
The faot that the object
instantly changed its movement to the opposite direction and reached the
ground with a beam of light from a very high altitude 1s unquestionably
atypical.
"However, in determining the nature of a phenonenon, the commission is guided
first of all by the charaoter of the locality.
That Is, If the phenomenon 1s
indigenous, limited in range, it may be claimed as an anomaly.
But the
dimensions of the objeot which
the aviators saw automatically alerted them.
It was really very huge. It was natural to assume that somewhere distant,

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 919, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174708
many thousands of kilometers away, a global atmospherio or geophysical process
of a type still unknown to science is taking place. But it seemed to
aviators only that it was somewhere close by--a typical optical illusion, so
to speak.
"But in the final analysis this explanation proved to be untenable. After
all, the aviators suoceeded in determining the distance to the object.
nfor this reason, there is only one conclusion that may be drawn: the Tallin
crew dealt with what we call a UFO. The fact that we now have a consistent
and detailed picture of the transformation of an unidentified flying object is
especially important. G. Lazurin's drawings also provide it with word
descriptions.
"We are again requesting the readers of TRUD to report all similar sightings
to this address: 101000, Moscow, Glavpochtamt [Main Post Office], Box 764, the
Commission on Aerodynamic Phenomena."
8936
CSO: 8144/0029
