{"created_utc": "2026-08-30T01:13:10Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 463135, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05517533.pdf", "source_sha256": "c83b95acee36d099410051c7f7944e9e289cf6ef99de02d3527e494f578e1d1f"}

C00175712
                                                               Page: 50'     of 63
                                           UNCLASSIFIED

                              Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1990
        DocUllent 11 of 16                                                 Page      1
        Classification:      UNCLASSIFIED       Status:         [STAT]
        Docwaent Date:       01 Jun 90          category:       [CAT]
        Report Type:         JPRS Report        Report Date:
        Report NuIlber:      JPRS-UAC-90-010    UDC Number:

        Author(s):     Col V. Anuchin, editor in chief of AVIATSIYA I
                       KOSMONAVTlKA: "Editor's Column"]
        Beadline:     Editor's Column
        Source Line:     90SV0038B Moscow AVIATSIYA I KOSMONAVTIKA in Russian No
                         6, Jun 90 (signed to press 29 Apr 90) p 5
        SUbslug:     [Message to the readers by Col V. Anuchin, editor in chief
                     of AVIATSIYA I KOSMONAVTIKA: "Editor's Column"]
        PULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
        1. [Message to the readers by Col V. Anuchin, editor in chief of
        AVIATSIYA I KOSMONAVTIKA: "Editor's Column"]
        2. [Text] Dear Readers! AVIATSIYA I KOSMONAVTIKA is presently
        experiencing a turning point. The editorial staff is faced with an
        important, difficult task: how to restructure our work in such a
        manner that the magazine becomes a friend, adviser and defender for
        those who serve in the Air Force and for thos~ with an interest in
        aviation.
        3. Ve are fully aware of the fact that AVIATSIYA I KOSMONAVTlKA as
        it was in 1988 and 1989 was far from fully satisfying the interests
        of the aviation professionals among its subscribers. The time has
        come to make a change in direction. Vhat the magazine is to become
        depends in large measure on you, valued readers, on your suggestions
        and recommendations. Ve therefore urge you to take a few minutes and
        present your view: what would you like to see this magazine become?
        4. Ve feel that in the present situation we must conduct a detailed
        discussion of radical restructuring of the system of training used by
        Air Force units and subunits, since in our opinion the old approaches
        to its organization have not only totally outlived their usefulness
        but have even become an impediment on the road toward the heights of
        military expertise. The staff awaits constructive suggestions from
        pilots and navigators, engineers and technicians, scientists and
        teachers, rear services and communications specialist personnel.
        5. A no less critical item on the agenda is problems pertaining to
        ensuring flight safety. The existing principle of finding the guilty
        parties rather than the causes of air mishaps not only fails to help
        reduce the accident rate but, on the contrary, further aggravates the


                                                               Approved for Release
                                          UNCLASSIFIED
                                                                         ~Jcto.I6
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
-C00175712

                                                            Page: 51     of 63
                                         UNCLASSIFIED

                            Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1990
        Docuaent 11 of 16                                              Page      2

        situation with falsifications, lies, and insincerity, which· attend
        accident investigation. In connection with this, this magazine
        intends to wage a determined campaign to gain legal recognition of a
        pilot's right to make a mistake, and to scrap the archaic stereotype
        used in evaluating the quality of flying performance. As things stand
        at present, however, a pilot is already culpable by virtue of the
        fact that he has taken the controls of a fixed-wing or rotary-wing
        aircraft I
        6. As we see it, this magazine should carry an extensive discussion
        and debate on how the work of political agencies and party
        organizations can be restructured in a beneficial manner. Vhat
        functions should they perform? Vhat structure should they have? Many
        questions have accumulated, but at present few sensible answers are
        being received from .the political workers.
        7. Ve feel that one of our principal obligations is to wage an
        uncompromising campaign to increase the social and legal protection
        of aviation personnel against despotism by their superiors, against
        disorganization, unwarranted restrictions and unnecessary
        simplifications in combat training, etc.
        8. In responding to reader requests, AVIATSIYA I KOSMONAVTlKA will
        discuss on a regular basis little-known pages from the history of·
        Soviet and foreign aviation: combat operations on ·the-lQullkhin-G&-l-c--------·--------.
        River, in the Soviet-Finnish Var, in Korea, etc. Materials being
        readied for publication deal with various types of aircraft,
        including those which for various reasons never entered regular
        production. Information on modern foreign aircraft. This magazine
        will be a one-of-a-kind source of information on the space program,
                                                                                     t
        on unidentified flying objects, and on puzzling phenomena.
        9. Ve need your support today, esteemed readers, more than ever
        before: your advice, active cooperation, constructive criticism and,
        particularly, your subscription, for this magazine has practically no
        newsstand distribution. Vhile counting on your understanding, we in
        turn pledge to help you in every way possible and to live up to your
        expectations. Our strength lies in solidarity and mutual assistance.
        10.   COPYRIGHT: "Aviatsiya i kosmonavtika", 1990.


                                         UNCLASSIFIED


                                                                                      --   -------------'
