{"created_utc": "2026-08-29T23:09:01Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 448708, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05517541.pdf", "source_sha256": "979e39bfc85ac9cfdba9ff39f29a5bc972cdbb720f65588bd517af41af88262b"}

C00175720
                                                              Page: 85    of 86
                                          UNCLASSIFIED

                             Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1991
        Docuaent 10 of 10                                                Page     1

        Classification:     UNCLASSIFIED      Status:          [STAT]
        Docuaent Date:      17 Mar 91         Category:        [CAT]
        Report Type:        JPRS Report       Report Date:
        Report Huber:       JPRS-TEN-91-007   UDC HuIlber:

        Headline:   Arkhangelsk To Undergo Satellite Survey
        Source Line:   LD1703115391 Moscow All-Union Radio Mayak Nework in
                       Russian 0640 GMT 17 Mar 91
        PULL TBXT OP ARTICLE:
        1. [Text] [Announcer] The Cosmodrome and the Far North is the
        subject of a report by our correspondent, Valentin Bogomolov.
        2. [Bogomolov] On clear, cloudless nights the citizens of                     \
        Arkhangelsk sometimes see rockets rising into the sky above the city.
        Occasionally they are mistaken for UPOs but, at all events, everybody
        here knows that the world's busiest space launch site, Plesetsk, lies
        right next door to Arkhangelsk. But what benefit do Arkhangelsk
        Oblast and the Far North, which lie under the rockets' flight path,
        derive from the Cosmodrome? This is the question we put to Col. Grin,
        one of its commanders
        3. [Begin recording) [Grin] Recently we launched the Informator
        spacecraft. This is the first experimenfln a series intendeato test
        ways of maintaining communications with remote regions of the
        country, with settlements, with geological prospecting teams, with
        those regions and installations within the country where the use of
        traditional means of communication is inappropriate and economically
        unviable.
        4. Recently, at the end of December, we signed an agreement on the
        launch of the Resurs spacecraft, which is designed to survey the
        earth's mineral resources and carry out ecological monitoring. In
        other words, it will carry out a comprehensive survey of Arkhangelsk
        Oblast in the interests of the na~ional economy. It will study the
        location of mineral resources, the use of timber resources, and the
        ecological situation in Arkhangelsk Oblast.
        5. [BogomolovJ I know that geologists are obliged to acquire
        satellite charts from the Americans. Can't they see your space
        photographs?
        6. [Grin) Of course they can. Furthermore, as a deputy in the oblast
        soviet, I took part in this work. Haps compiled from satellite
        measurements, including ones of other oblasts of the Soviet Union,
        were displayed at a session of the oblast soviet. Some of these
        measurements were taken during orbits over oblasts which neighbor


                                         UNCLASSIFIED
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
C00175720
                                                                Page: 86     of 86
                                          UNCLASSIFIED

                              Coneatenated JPRS Reports, 1991
        DocUIlen t 10 of 10                                                P88'e     2
        Arkhangelsk Oblast.
        7. [Bogomolov] Here is what Gen. Oleynik, the commander of the
        Cosmodrome, had to say about the benefit which Arkhangelsk Oblast
        derives from the Cosmodrome.
        8. (Begin recording] [Oleynik] The program can be adjusted to find
        out how man's activity is affecting the environment in Arkhangelsk
        Oblast, where the ecological situation has deteriorated lately. But I
        do not know the activities of the Cosmodrome for this. Rather it is
        the fault of industrial enterprises located in Arkhangelsk Oblast.
        Ou~ spacecraft will be able to assess the extent of air and water
        pollution, the state of forestry plantations, and the state of the
        soil. Ve will also be able to measure the impact of human activities
        in our region on the ozone layer.
        9. [Bogomolov] But isn't this very expensive? Every launch costs
        many millions of rubles.
        10. [Oleynik] The life of man and the future of the region are more
        important than the money we plan to spend on this reserch. [end
        recording]
       11. [Announcer] I wholly agree with that last remark. I remind you
       that the life of man is more precious than the money spenton--~ -----
       scientific research, especially as the next generation, in other
       words our children, is at stake. One hopes that our small loved ones
       will be able to eat clean food, swim in clean rivers, and breathe
       clean air. If they do, maybe they will be morally better than us. One
       very much hopes so.


                                          UNCLASSIFIED
