{"created_utc": "2026-08-30T02:15:03Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 469937, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516796.pdf", "source_sha256": "e782a1a1e0e9eed337e3822ee4c9de572732b6dde972a882a8b22d514a6df3da"}

C00175554

                                                               Page: 37     of 98
                                            UNCLASSIFIED

                                                                                     Document 11
          CLAS UNCLASSIFIED
          CLAS UNCLASSIFIED
          APSN PH3008201591
          SUBJ FYI -- Press fax carries 31 Aug PRAVDA
          Full Text Superzone bf Message
          1    The 30 August Soviet press fax first cast saw the return of PRAVDA,
               carrying the newspaper's six-page single edition for 31 August -- the
               first to be published since 23 August.
          2    The revamped PRAVDA's masthead no longer features a portrait of Lenin nor
               the slogan "Proletarians of all countries, unite!''', but above the title,
               still in the old familiar typeface, it states in small italic print: "The
               newspaper was founded 5 Hay 1912 on the initiative of V.I. Lenin." The
               masthead carries no tag-line description of the paper. The cover price is
               15 kopeks (the 23 August issue was 10 kopeks). Across the top of the
               front page, above the masthead, the paper proclaims: "PRAVDA has been
               published -- and that is right and proper!" Across the bottom of the page
               it says: "Thanks to everybody who, together with us, defended the paper."
          3    At the bottom of the back page is a note: "The founder is the PRAVDA
               journalists' collective."
          4    PRAVDA carries the following front-page address from its new chief editor,
               Gennadiy Seleznev:
          5    "Dear Readers!
          6    "It is a whole week since you have seen PRAVDA, and it is not our fault
               that you have been deprived of contact with us. Ve were fulfilling the
               Russian president's decree on suspending publication of PRAVDA and we were
               hoping for an--~--fr-Olll the country'-8- presiden-t--aboli-shing the
               undemocratic decree. Alas, this did not happen.
          7    "In the statement by the editorial collective (PRAVDA for 23 August) we
               said everything we think about our former founder. During the days when
               the newspaper failed to appear PRAVDA's journalists went further. The
               labor collective decided not to allow the country's oldest newspaper to
               disappear and entrusted the editorial office journalists' organization
               with the status of founder of PRAVDA.
          8    "Ve will seek to be a newspaper of civil harmony and to uphold centrist
               positions while supporting democratic transformations in society.
          9    "Baving endured our fill of humiliations, insults, and threats, we will
               begin to elaborate with trebled energy the topic of the defense of human
               rights. Ve will defend above all rank-and-file communists from
               persecution for their beliefs. They, who are not implicated in any plots
               or juntas, are now being defamed at every street corner, heedless of all
               decency.
          10 "Things are very difficult for the newspaper at the moment. But this does
               not mean that it is going to quietly fade away and die. No, we are being
               reborn as an independent newspaper known throughout the world. And that
               is not highfalutin talk but the pure truth. God grant us all the strength
               and wisdom to continue the path of reforms chosen by our people, without
               losing our human dignity in the process."
          11 A front-page announcement of the establishment of a PRAVDA support fund
               states that journalists have taken on "the difficult but honorable duty of
               restoring the original and proud meaning of the word that forms its [the
  .- -'        newspaper's] title" but that today PRAVDA "is left virtually without any
               financial support."


                                                                 APprove! for Release
                                                                       a Q-OJO
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
C00175554

                                                         Page: 38     of 98
                                       UNCLASSIFIED

       12   Much of the content of the 31 August PRAVDA relates to the paper's
            enforced nonappearance over the past week. It publishes international
            appeals to Yeltsin to authorize publication and vox pop interviews
            commenting on its nonappearance.
       13   Most of page 3 is devoted to photographs of events in Moscow during the
            coup. An accompanying commentary by S. Oganyan notes that the paper's
            former editors refused to publish these photographs, and pledges: "Ve will
            seek to work in such a way as to ensure that PRAVDA is the first paper
            closed by the next junta, if there is one."
            A page-6 announcement by the news desk soliciting "news and original ideas"
            from readers declares that the paper will cover "all kinds of events, from

       15
            pure sensation to 'insoluble' problems of everyday life; from encounters
            with 'flying saucers' to impromptu interviews with politicians."
            The paper contains no interviews with Soviet officials -- a staple of the
                                                                                          \
            "old" PRAVDA. It features more photographs and cartoons, including one
            reprinted from the Paris INTERNATIONAL HERALD-TRIBUNE showing a huge
            Yeltsin shaking the hand of a midget Gorbachev and saying: "Velcome back
            to power, Mikhail." Photographs of an old woman praying before an altar,
            her hand on her brow, and of Gorbachev in a similar posture are carried on
            page 2. There are also notably more religious locutions in
            correspondents' copy than were to be found in PRAVDA before its
            suspension.
       16   Besides reports from its own correspondents and TASS, it also carries
            reports attributed to INTERPAX and REUTER. Few reports and commentaries
            approach 1,000 words in length. There is a clear impression that an
            effort has been made to make the paper livelier in both presentation and
            con ten t . - - - - - - - - - -.. ------.
       17   PMU will file liberally from this issue to convey the flavor of the
            revamped PRAVDA. (endall) 31 aug               30/2027z aug BT #9119 NNNN
