{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T01:39:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 593146, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516640.pdf", "source_sha256": "0ed0ccdd3655eb9e19795c417dd4cacf732d771e6dfd1191d42a11f3a555a54e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 298, "chars": 2054, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174675
Page: 17
of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 15 of 19
Page 1
Classification:
UNCLASSIFIED
Status:
Document Date:
06 Sep 93
Category:
[STAT]
[CAT]
Report Type:
JPRS report
Report Date:
Report Number:
FBIS-USR-93-124
UDC Number:
Author (s): Bjarne Nitovuori: ''There Are No Parties in Estonia'']
Headline: Taagepera, POSTIMEES Editor View October Blections
Source Line: 934K2346B Helsinki HUFVUDSTADSBLADET in Swedish 6 Sep
93 p 5
Subslug: [Article by Bjarne Nitovuori: ''There Are No Parties in
Estonia' l
FULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
1. ¡Article by Bjarne Nitovuori: ''There Are No Parties in
Estonia'']
2. [Text] Tartu-One year after the new Estonia's first democratic
parliamentary elections, it is not yet possible to speak of a stable
constellation of parties.
3. ''There really are no political parties in Estonia. The ones that
exist are very young, and they exist only in the parliament in
Tallinn
and to some extent in Tartu, but not at all in the rural
areas,'' says Vahur Kalmre, editor in chief of the Tartu newspaper
POSTIMEES and one of Estonia's foremost political analysts.
For example, when the Social Democratic Party's leader, Minister
of Social Affairs Marju Lauristin, is active in Tartu, so is the
Social Democratic Party. But now she spends 99 percent of her time in
Tallinn.
Political expert Rein Taagepera, who is a professor at Tartu
University, also feels that parties in the true sense do not yet
personalises. a-cordead, o Ta gepeta, reis 1s be sause dine ate not
personalities.
really any social classes.
• He also teels that the division into government parties an
pposition parties in the current parliament is artificial.
kind of classification works only in a two-party system.
. In a multiparty system, parties that are not in the government
'an be either opposition parties or neutral. But in Estonia, Edgai
Savisaar tried to unite all the noncoalition parties in an opposition
bloc. Doing so involved cooperation with Estonia's Citizens Party and
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
2/20/0
25

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2087, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174675
Page: 18
of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 15 of 19
Page 2
its leader, Juri Toomepuu. That was one reason why Taagepera left
Savisaar's
Sae press cente candy te for a Sua dus Peopler to Taagepera vas
8. Comeback for Nomenklatura?
9. The next big political event in Estonia will be the local
elections on 17 October.
10.
'It is very probable that the parties now in power in the
Riigikogu and the government will lose. But that is not likely to
have any effect at the national level-meaning new elections or a new
government, ' says Kalmre.
so an prentice Treve i done ion in cal Beter perpie
12. Many of those probable winners are people close to former Prime
Minister Tiit Vahi and his Coalition Party, They are people who were
in prominent positions even back in the Soviet era, and they are not
so much politicians as they are experts, kolkhoz leaders, and so on.
13. In the parliamentary elections a year ago, individuals of that
type united around the election coalition Kindel Kodu (Secure Home),
which has now split up but whose presidential candidate was
then-President Arnold Ruutel.
In Tallinn,
they have grouped themselves into the Raeklubi (City
Hall Club), with Mayor Jaak Tamm as their leader.
"'Anyone who knows anything about politics knows that Jaak Tamm
and Tiit Vahi are very close to each other,'' says Kalmre.
16. The corresponding position in Tartu is occupied by Tiit Veeber,
a businessman who is also an official in the agency that handles
supplies of energy, water, and so on.
17.
'In the parliamentary elections,
securing Estonia's
independence was the central issue. In the local elections, the
issues will be how to get hot water to households. That is something
that Veeber knows all about."
18. The fact that some members of the former nomenklatura are
xpected to make a comeback at the local level can perhaps be
explained as a phenomenon paralleling Communist leader Algirdas
Brazauskas' return to power in Lithuania. But there are also
differences. Kalmre does not believe that Estonia's former Communist
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 310, "chars": 1994, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174675
Page: 19
of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 15 of 19
Page
3
leader, Vaino Valjas, is going to be an Estonian Brazauskas.
19.
What does resemble events in Lithuania is that Arnold Ruutel ma
ventually return with the backing of the group surrounding Vahi. H
is still very popular.
20. Do Not Elect Only Estonian-Minded Candidates
21. There is also considerable advance interest in the question of
how the local elections will turn out in the Russian-dominated areas,
especially in the northeast and in Paldiski, which until very
recently was still a closed Russian military town.
22. All residents who register have the right to vote, but only
Estonian citizens can be candidates.
In the Russian-dominated
localities, many residents are not citizens.
23. Both Kalmre and Taagepera consider it a good sign that so many
noncitizens have registered to vote.
24.
beretore decide as propose that a set an anan
elections be postponed in Paldiski, but a few days later it changed
its mind.
25.
"It was a good decision. If they had suspended the elections in
Paldiski, the current leaders in Sillamae, Kohtla-Jarve, and Narva
would also have had a reason to suspend the elections in their areas,
too,'' says Kalmre.
26. In Naxva and the other towns in the northeast, the situation is
not as tense as has been reported in the West, according to Kalmre.
He points out that there are many different groups of Russians there
and that not all of them support Narva leader Vladimir Chuykin.
nolding on to power.
But if the government and parliament remain calm, those who represent
a more moderate line than Chuykin will be supported in the election.
The problem
is that there are no outstanding leaders on that side,'
says Kalmre.
Rein Taagepera considers the biggest danger to be the chance
that voters in Narva and the other towns will elect only
Estonian-minded candidates. It is important that representatives of
Chuykin and his supporters also be elected.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 352, "chars": 2251, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174675
Page: 20
Of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Docunent 15 of 19
Page
4
29. ''Until now the leadership in Narva has been more anti-Estonian
than the town's residents. That situation should not reverse itself
now: The leadership should not be more Estonian-minded than the
population,'' says Taagepera.
30.
"Tartu Has Dozed Off''
Tartu-Tartu has dozed off and is not playing the same role as
generator of ideas in the Estonian political debate that it did a few
years ago, says Vahur Kalmre, editor in chief of the Tartu newspaper
POSTIMEES.
32. There has traditionally been rivalry between Estonia's capital,
Tallinn, and the country's second-largest city, Tartu. Their rivalry
can be compared to that between Moscow and st. Petersburg in Russia,
Stockholm and Goteborg in Sweden, and perhaps Helsinki and Tampere/
Turku in Finland.
33. Tartu is described as the city of ideas, while Tallinn is the
city of power. This may be because there is a humanities-oriented
university in Tartu, while university education in Tallinn is more
technically oriented. Another factor during the Russian era was that
the party's grip was not as strong in Tartu as in Tallinn.
34. ''Historically, that is true. But at the moment, Tartu is not
playing the same
role that it did five years ago, for example, when
the People's Front (Rahvarinne) emerged.
Most of the People's
Pront's ideas were hatched in Tartu at the time."'
35. Now a great many of the most prominent personalities in Tartu
have movea to lailinn. Ihis applies, Ior example, to Marju Lauristin,
Ulo Laanoja, Lagle Parek, Viktor Niitsoo, and Enn Tarto.
In the 1960's, the so-called sociology group, which included
Lauristin, Mikk Titma, and Ulo Vooglaid, among others, was active at
the university. Back in 1965, together with Tartu's newspaper, which
was called EDASI at the time, that group conducted the first public
pinion poll anywhere in the Soviet Union.
37. Tartu's special role during the Soviet era was obvious from,
among other things, the fact that articles that could not be
es aton and pendence Per on pusy speaker of.
parliament. Debates on the size of families and the number of
children could also be carried in EDASI but not in Tallinn's
newspapers.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 145, "chars": 918, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174675
Page: 21
of 27
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 15 of 19
Page 5
3B. The best-known example from more recent times was the program
Siim Kallas, was that newspaper's assistant editor in chief at the
time.
39.
"So Edgar Savisaar drove to Tartu and saw to it that the
article was published in EDASI, ' Kalme said.
40. The fact that Tartu has now dozed off slightly is also explained
by Kalmre as being due to the circumstance that the university's last
three rectors have been technically oriented. But now the university
has a new rector, Peeter Tulviste, who may get the city to wake up
again. He is a classical scholar and was one of the signers of the
Letter of the 40 in 1980-the protest by Estonian intellectuals
against the Russianization policy of the Brezhnev era.
41.
" He
is a wise and modern man,
and I believe that something is
going to change at the university.''
UNCLASSIFIED
