{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T01:56:12Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 625834, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516676.pdf", "source_sha256": "bb22c631f997ecbc7415bf96bccc4d606bb4184eda394d4d407c64ce263c283c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1909, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174868
Page: 3
of 7
UNCLASSIFIED
Document 6 of 7 FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1989
Page
1
Report Type:
Daily Report
APS Number:
Report Number:
Classification:
FBIS-SOV-89-223
Report Date:
UNCLASSIFIED
Language:
Headline:
Abalkin Answers Questions on Economic Conference
Source Line: LD1711235989
PULL TRXT OF ARTICLE:
1. [Editorial Report] Moscow Television Service in Russian at 1903
GMT on 17 November carries a 37-minute recording of a news conference
held on 15 November with Leonid Abalkin, deputy chairman of the USSR
Council of Ministers, on the conclusion of the scientific and
practical conference held in Moscow to discuss Soviet economic
reform.
Video shows Abalkin on rostrum. An unidentified chairman
opens the news conference:
Braceral conterence on radical const atone is confere ing
opened on Monday and ended today in the Hall of Columns of the House
of the Unions.' 'Today Academician Leonid Ivanovich Abalkin, deputy
chairman of the USSR Council of Ministers, will share his impressions
on the conference with you.'
3. Urgent measures, Abalkin says, must be taken to implement
economic reform, and these measures must be drawn up before the
Taking part in the conference were experts in all fields,
to discuss as openly as possible, with all possible opinions
represented, a nationwide program to take into account of all shades
of opinion.
The program must be realistic, comprehensive, and bold.
The conference yielded a great deal of material over the 3 days it
The first question is from a TASS correspondent who asks about
the basis for the theory of the transitional period.
5. Abalkin says one main issue is how to move from a nonmarket
also made.
and on apores to repuski an unanial as on the issues discussed
. Abalkin says consensus is impossible in such cases: Full
greement would mean stagnation in thinking. All aspects must be
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
2/2010
2

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1840, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174868
Page: 4
of 7
UNCLASSIFIED
Document 6 of 7 PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1989
Page 2
and conclusions reached. Agreement on the basic fundamentals
was, however, attained: Without reform, we have an impasse.
the sense of an understanding of the responsibility of
the decisions to be made was thus reached. Financial autonomy must
be introduced in the republics from 1990, which leaves very little
see are the race readies budgets are sen predel
implemented.
defined, and further measures and amendments can be made in 1991 when
other republics move to financial autonomy.
8. The PINANCIAL TIMES correspondent, speaking in english with
superimposed Russian translation, asks: ''A question from the
INANCIAL TIMES: Could you tell us what specitic changes must be mac
n your economic program as a result of the conference? It seemed
Us that the reaction to your program was pretty disappointing.
you agree with that assessment?"
9. Abalkin responds: ''The conference yielded no fundamental
hanges, no rejections of any directions or stages oi retorm
Conservative moods, however,
turned out to be stronger than I ha
assumed before the
conference started.
development of events: One cannot simply brush it aside, one must be
ready for it.
And only then will it be possible to evaluate fully the quality of
the discussions.'
11. A Portuguese correspondent asks whether public opinion might
oppose the changes needed to emerge from impasse. The correspondent
also asks what will be the role of the congress.
12.. Abalkin responds that public opinion is vital; attempts have
decision he congrese bil erant ory bit me mad and
decisions.
contradictory.
We must learn to listen and heed one another, we must
overcome social "'deafness."
An Italian correspondent asks in English about opposition in
society to private ownership.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 2565, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174868
Page: 5
of 7
UNCLASSIFIED
Document 6 of 7 FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1989
Page 3
14. Abalkin says the law on
be
submitted for nationwide discussion.
says that it is very common for terms to be misunderstood,
terminology is a source of misunderstanding and therefore of tension.
Terms such
as private ownership and cooperatives have been
interpreted in different ways, giving rise to unnecessary polemic. We
must not try to put over new thinking in the old terminology of the
19th Century.
15. An EL PAIS correspondent, in Russian, asks: ''The newspaper EL
PAIS, Spain.
I should like to learn about ruble convertibility--that
is one point; then also about a system of rationing, and third,
parallel money-- chervonets.''
16. Abalkin replies: 'I believe the opinion is general and
prevalent that there
is a need for a Soviet ruble to be convertible.
The only difference is in the professional and the nonprofessional
views of how to make the switch. The difference lies in the fact
that the professional assessment--as held by all the great experts,
not just in the Soviet Union but in the west, too--is that
convertibility cannot be introduced by decree.
We cannot just
convene a session of the Supreme Soviet and vote to introduce ruble
convertibility as of 1 January. In order for this to come about, we
must have within the country a developed market economy, a price
structure akin to the price structure on the world market. _ We must
have a developed infrastructure with the circulation of domestic
securities and
at least what we call internal ruble convertiblility.
We must have well-trained
professionals.
We must have a whole host
of other conditions which cannot be created just by decree or
administrative decisions made purely at will.
This is the road we
must go down.
But we must go down it aware of all its complexities.
This must be the case at subsequent stages in this movement, as well.
'A system of rationing is, in my opinion, an unacceptable path.
asked the country's leading
academics and economists for an
analysis of this problem and of the possible economic and social
consequences.
He had virtually total unanimity from then in their
of our actions.
issue will have been removed from discussion by the start of the
If this program is not implemented--if something prevents it
Irom being carried through--and if by the end of 1990...by the start
country, then a system of rationing will be inevitable, but that will
be the end of the reform.
18. 'The question of a parallel currency is a question that is open
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 445, "chars": 2711, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174868
Page: 6
of 7
UNCLASSIFIED
Document 6 of 7 PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1989
Page 4
to discussion. It is open to discussion. There are many plans an
proposals on
this score, but there has been no decision on this
matter.
There are pros and cons. It is not celar which outweigh
which, or by how much.
we need some more time to form a definit
pinion, but there is less than a month for this.e
19. An APN correspondent asks about the difficulty of the presen
state of affairs and whether the population expected to wait
20. Abalkin says everyone is waiting for an instant miracle. In the
and meting me tre, ge disappointent are mer at 30
circulating.
huge illusions. The unfortunate must be made aware of the state's
concern for their well-being.
We must not give way to emotions.
individual must be made to feel his own responsibility and the
The
importance of this work. The republics must be given their chance:
In 1990 they must be zones of change; they must show that things are
changing for the better.
21.
An ABC correspondent, speaking in English with superimposed
Russian translation, asks: 'President Bush has said that he wants
perestroyka to succeed. What steps would you like the United States
to take in the economic sphere to help perestroyka succeed?"
22. Abalkin responds: "'We must do most of the work ourselves. I
remember what Bush said about Poland and Hungary.
He was quite
right, I think, when he said, as a wise and realistic politician,
that the Poles
and Hungarians themselves must bring their country out
of economic crisis, just like the Soviet people must do.
We must do
this ourselves.
am concerned most by what must be done in our
country in these matters.
As for what can be expected of the United
States of America, which might be of assistance, I do not wish to
develop this topic, because apart from the most general concepts with
which you have all long been familiar--decide the issue of the
most-favoured nation system, remove some other restrictions--I shall
not be enriching our knowledge with anything.'
23. A (?HARLEMS DAGLAD) correspondent, speaking in Russian, asks:
''We did not all manage to follow the debates conducted at the
conference.
Could you perhaps tell us more specifically which points
gave rise to the most negative reaction from the conservatives, an
now do you reckon to break this opposition?'
24.
Abalkin answers: ''We have a great deal of historical experience
on how to break the opposition. (laughter in hall] Therefore,
the
main task is how to learn to hold a dialogue with the opposition. Ihe
best way is to compel the conservatives to do battle with the
radicals, while we get on calmly with the job at hand. (laughter]
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1765, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174868
Page: 7
of 7
UNCLASSIFIED
Document 6 of 7 FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1989
Page 5
conservatives.
At the same time,
useful and sensible things offered by both of these, and include
these in our programme and get on along our own way. As for the
aspects which came in for criticism, I would limit myself to just two
approaches.
Emotions carried over from meetings were present at the
conference; and there were also scientific discussions.
'Everything starts at the very beginning: Should state property
be left unaltered, or should we start to modernize and ienew, make it
more flexible and
start the process of de-etatization, given labor
collectives on this basis the freedom to decide matters independently
and to elect their manager.
Or should we maintain the system of
administration by injunction.
Should we move to a market with new
laws of regulating it, with flexible and mobile prices.
as before keep prices
unambiguously under harsh state control. A
quite normal process is under way, not a very pleasant one, but a
normal process of counterposing and weighing up and so forth. At the
same time--and this is also a very well known thing--the existence of
any opposition compels one to sharpen one's instruments of argument,
compels one to weigh up more attentively the possible consequences,
which might be overlooked were there no such criticism. Altogether,
in the final analysis, if there is no destructive action and no
struggle, one can derive useful things from this, if one regards
taking account of diverse points of view as a factor making it
possible to ensure a more realistic program of action.
26.
"Thank you for the interest you have shown in the work of our
conference and in our commission's work. Thank you.''
UNCLASSIFIED
