{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T02:00:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 15, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1120449, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516687.pdf", "source_sha256": "07abc33e647f4cf3076f0f5ec7042f0663006d4a8e6e8de6d35daf1d96a9b9a3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1709, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 18
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page
1
• Classitication:
Document Date:
Report Type:
Report Number:
UNCLASSIPIED
23 Sep 90
Daily Report
FBIS-S0V-90-188
Status:
Category:
[STAT]
¡CATI
Report Date:
UDC Number:
Author(s): N. Garifullina, on 19 September; place not given: ''A
Choice Has To Be Made''--first two paragraphs are
SOVETSKAYA ROSSIYA introduction]
Headline:
Academicians View Draft on Market Transition
Source Line: PM2709094390 Moscow SOVETSKAYA ROSSIYA in Russían 23
Sep 90 Second Edition pp 1-2
Subslug:
Interview with Academician L.I. Abalkin, deputy chairmar
f the USSR Council of Ministers, by N. Garifullina, on 15
September; place not given: ''A Choice Has Io Be
Made''--first two paragraphs are SOVETSKAYA ROSSIYA
introduction]
PULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
1. [Interview with Academician L.I. Abalkin, deputy chairman of the
not given: ''A Choice Has Io
SOVETSKAYA ROSSIYA introduction]
section an eople puse adore, and i a path wil toe t
country take? Millions of people await the answer with anxiety and
3. SOVETSKAYA ROSSIYA recently familiarized readers with the
Shatalin-Yavlinskiy program.
And today one of the authors of the
government program--Academician I. I. Abalkin, deputy chairman of the
USSR Council of Ministers--shares his thoughts. The conversation
with him took place 19 September.
program for the transition to a market economy.
by members of the USSR Government.
greater detail?
5. [Abalkin] I was speaking not of details--there are very many of
hem--but of three fundamental, conceptual disagreements which canno
e eliminated by the method of reaching agreement. They demand
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
2/2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2575, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 19
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 2
choice. Here it is not a matter of seeking a compromise but of the
need
to make a political decision.
5. The first comment concerns the choice of the option for moving
toward the market.
We all reached the conclusion--and I believe that
this is proved convincingly by historical experience and
science--that without the market it is impossible to extricate the
country from the crisis and to create an efficient, flexible economy
that is receptive to scientific and technical progress and geared to
the consumer.
But the transition to the market certainly does not
mean abandoning socialism.
On the contrary, it means impregnating
socialism with new qualities and emancipating its
potential--economic, social, and spiritual. However, it is very
difficult to combine the market with the model of socialism which has
evolved in our country.
7. How are we to move toward the market? The presidential program
proposes an accelerated
•an at elected trans these are the right beds hock
accelerated, speeded-up transition is more accurate. But we believe
hat such an option is unacceptable for the country. He favor the
radical-moderate option, which combines decisive changes with
caution, consideration, and strict calculation.
You can say as much
as you like that we are too cautious, but this is not a character
trait of those who drew it up but a position based on a sober
analysis and prognosis.
8.
What is at the basis of this approach? The crisis in the economy
is developing
and deepening.
The structure of
the economy has evolved over decades, it is cumbersome, with a huge
proportion of extracting sectors and with monopolized production
structures.
It is unrealistic to restructure everything in weeks and
months or, maybe, even over several years.
Further,
considerable sections of the population are not ready to
work under the new conditions. It is possible to speak about
stereotypes of thinking and a backward mentality-but, once again,
these are realities.
It is necessary also to take account of the
political instability in society, the increased activities of certain
oxces, and the growth oi national separatism. All this leads to the
onclusion that, if ve go too hastily, disrerarding the possible
consequences, then this could not only result in a greater crisis in
the economy but also discourage us from tackling the reform at some
time in the very near future.
es oi course,
interethnic relations over the decades and the infringement of the
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2623, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 20
Of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 3
And, accordingly, it is a state which must possess all the necessary
attributes in the economic sphere too,
have a unified border, a
unified custom house and territory, and a unified monetary system,
and have at its disposal the USSR Central State Bank fulfilling
functions approximating to those fulfilled in similar states by the
ederal reserve system, as in the United States, or by the Deutsch
Bundesbank in the FRG.
Accordingly, not only does each republi
possess sovereignty but the USSR also has its own sovereignty as a
state.
Yes, the powers and the borders of sovereignty are determined
by treaty, but this is all to come and does not yet exist, and we are
accustoming ourseives to living in a rule-ot-iaw state ano we respect
and observe the laws.
The constitutional norms of the Union extend
throughout the territory. Ihe Russian Soviet Federated Socialist
Republic Supreme Soviet has adopted a concept and a program which
essentially proceeds from recognition of the elimination of the USSR
as a state.
This Union is also supplanted by a union, but an
economic one, by some international agreement which is said even to
be close to
the EC. It is possible to find a more accurate
detinition--the British Commonwealth oi Nations, for example, or
maybe an even more accurate one: the old CEMA with all its flaws.
11. As regards the
new Union Treaty, in my view subsequent political
agreements will merely make the economic union official, and the
state's disintegration will be a fait accompli. And it
is proposed
to do this without broad discussion, in secret....
12. [Garifullina) Maybe this is why there is such haste?...
13• (Abalkin| Ine haste is understandable too. The thing is that
first the ''500 days'• program contained a kind of mystery effect.
You understand, they suggest to people: There is some miraculous
means, and our people believe in miracles or, at least, they want to
believe that there is a painless path, without sacrifices and
upheavals, without a drop in living standards, without a rise in
prices....
14.
You might have noticed that in such crisis situations there
begins a mass belief in aliens, UPO's, extrasensory perception, and
much else. This is a social phenomenon, you know. I spoke of this
many years ago.
This situation began to be manifested clearly in the
late seventies and early eighties.
Way back then I used to appear
and say how social collisions give rise to such a belief.
And so the
''500 days'' program also contained a kind of mystery effect. No one
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2404, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 21
Of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 4
badget spose fully and sy sdea of catty inacleated in the masties was
eing purposefully and
consciousness.
15.
But when the program is placed on the table, when everyone can
read It, perceive some contradictions and shortcomings, or, at any
rate, take a conscious and critical approach to its calculations and
authenticity, the mystery effect vanishes.
But the time whic
lapses before the decision is adopted is destructive. And so people
ant to adopt the program as quickly as possible, without
rofessional investiration and analysis, on trust alone. "'Let'.
bel ore t, laborate se any other Vite rites nor is,
Let's adopt it, and then we can see.
16. [Garifullina) And, at the same time, begin introducing this
program super-promptly, as early as 1 October?...
17.
[Abalkin| There is another nuance
here. Yes, time is altogether
getting short. Ihe government program is also short of time, and we
must not delay for long.
The first of October marks the start of the
fourth quarter--we too emphasize this in our programs. Only there
this date is a zero option--there has been no history, and nothing at
all has happened before 1 October.
And yet there is history. The
The laws on ownership, land, and
leasing have already been adopted, the tax system has been adopted,
and the Law on the Population's Income Tax has been in effect since 1
July.
18. [Garifullina] Was all this the preparation?
19. [Abalkin] Yes, the preparation, but also the introduction of the
reform.
The resolution on joint-stock companies was adopted so as
wait for any further legislative acts.
have already been registered.
Commercial banks, which are the second
level of the banking system--there are already approximately 300 of
them--are preparing the ground.
The first trade exchanges have
already been set up and are beginning to function. Life is on the
The cooperative movement is developing too.
2. (Garituilinal That is, preparations were being made during all
the years of perestroyka
to introduce the program and make the
transition to the market?
21. (Abalkin] Not all the years. I must be fair and admit that there
was tardiness in implementing the economic reform and failures to
meet deadlines, and it was introduced uncomprehensively. This
happened particularly during 1987-1989--after the well-known
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 423, "chars": 2706, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 22
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 5
decisions at the beginning of the reform.
But if we speak of the new
government, which has been
working for just over one year, this work
really has
been carried out consistently throughout the year. And
instructions to prepare the program.
22. Incidentally, it is important to point out that very frequently
even respected people, highly respected people's deputies speak of
the responsibility and the mistakes of the government over five
But the government has been operating for just one year, just
Like all the new structures of power, starting with the Congress of
People's Deputies and the Supreme Soviet, which were elected only in
March last year and began work in May.
unforgivable--I repeat--for quite professional and competent people
to muddle dates or to do this deliberately.
23. But you were right to remark that the preparation was made
consistently and that the whole system certainly did not start from
The laws which I mentioned have been adopted, and a new
package of documents has been prepared and was submitted in August
for examination by the USSR Supreme Soviet.
All this boils down to
very responsibly taking a big radical step.
24. The weakness of uncoordinated actions has already been proved by
This is inadmissible, and therefore many laws have
already been adopted and normative acts are being prepared.
I will
We have already adopted a decision to
introduce new purchase prices. Peasants await new prices for milk,
meat, cotton, sugar beets, sunflowers-- the plan is built on them.
This is a powerful incentive for any forms--peasant farms, collective
farms, state farms--to begin functioning efficiently.
For the price
is, above all, an incentive for producers.
If we introduce the
pension law 1 January, we must have its financial base--new
deductions for social insurance.
The third thing is deductions from
social insurance,
and the pension law.
If we introduce a new system
of taxes on profits--we seem to have all agreed on this, and the law
comes into force 1 January--it proposes a package for changing the
system of prices.
Without them it is impossible to introduce either
taxes or 'new interest rates on bank credits, which, incidentally, are
included in all the programs.
They are all bound up, and you cannot
tear them apart. So it is unacceptable to try to tear up and
reality of social programs, of major financial and material support
for the countryside and the agro-industrial sector by means of prices
and special targeted investments of funds in the social restructuring
of the countryside--the provision of gas supplies, road construction,
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2525, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 23
Of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page
6
the guaranteed supply of material and technical resources. It is
hardly admissible to improve the economy at such a price.
That is;
this is either the consistent, logical implementation of the steps
which have been begun or an attempt to cancel out everything that has
been done and to begin afresh, having torn up these measures at the
time of their introduction.
25. [Garifullina] How do you assess the reality of financial
improvement in the alternative programs?
26. [Abalkin] I can state with absolute accuracy, on the basis of an
analysis of the proffered materials, that the measures in the program
under discussion for financial improvement over a short period--100
days--are unrealistic.
They are not confirmed by calculations and
cannot be implemented without an offensive upon the living standards
of broad sections of the population and upon social programs.
they are unrealistic, the guarantees which could restrain the sharp,
rapid growth in prices that have been set free fall away. This means
that it is quite likely that the inflation spiral will unwind and we
will lose the advantages which improvement could produce.
Svantages Witch tapi
27. Here, just as in the second point on the future structure of the
USSR, it is necessary to choose.
The way we see it and they--these
approaches--are incompatible.
28. And society must make the choice.
Precisely society. But the
choice cannot and must not go through
in some offices, without the
people.
We must determine which option we choose.
see how complex
and responsible the task facing the Supreme Soviet is....
And yet I
emphasize once again that it is a question of a choice, and this is
not just a comparison of two alternative options.
The choice of
program is both a choice of destiny and an assumption of
responsibility. Someone must answer for any option.
Whoever
submitted the program, voted for it, and assumed responsibility for
its fulfillment must
also answer before history, before the people's
Judgment.
discussion, a hat ben recond ee lisa tre present. or
discussion.
Council and the Council of the Federation, in addition to the Supreme
Soviet.
Of course, we can assume responsibility only under certain
conditions, and we
are ready to formulate them.
30. [Garifullina] What are these conditions?
31. [Abalkin] Io be brief, they are strict observance of the adopted
laws and the USSR Constitution.
Rejection of any actions which
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2711, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 24
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page
violate the norms of life in a rule-of-law state.
observance of
7
Rejection of all destructive actions which represent nothing but
playing with the people's destinies. Rejection of economic blockades
of territories and mass strikes, for which the country's population
Metal repart on and any one produces me declactor, it
you like, of civilian peace and the conclusion of voluntary concord.
32. We are on the edge of an abyss. Any incautious step could
topple us into it.
We must appeal to the people's reason, to their
consciousness--without this it is impossible to work. This is an
appeal not only to the republics. It is an appeal to public
movements and mass public actions. It is also an appeal to such a
very mighty fourth element of power--the press and the mass media,
which shape public opinion in the country.
We must unite and
understand what awaits the people.
And not try to place personal,
political, or scientific ambitions above the people's interests.
33. [Garifullina] Leonid Ivanovich, what key, fundamental
differences are there between the programs in
their approaches to
privatization and the easing of state control?
34. [Abalkin] The most fundamental difference in this
concerns land. We are opposed
to the sale of land and its transfer to
private ownership.
We recognize different forms: freedom of
management and freedom to choose any forus of management. leasants,
rural workers, and city dwellers who want to use land will decide for
themselves.
Provision can be made for long-term leasing, leasing for
an unlimited term, and the bequeathing of leased land, if ecological
and other requirements are not violated in its use.
into private ownership contradicts the very logic of economic
development.
Incidentally, many experts with whom
even Western ones, have warned us of the dangerous consequences of
selling land.
Yes, a person must feel confident and stable, and the
bequeathing of land to children must be guaranteed, but the land is
the common property of the people who inhabit the country, just as
other natural resources are.
35. As for privatization.... Incidentally, this term is not quite
accurate, and we do not use it. Reduction of state control is a more
accurate yet also a more complex concept.
I will cite the following
example.
In my view,
the president has accomplished an act of
colossal political strength-- he has transferred to the ownership of
the Academy of Sciences the property of institutes, laboratories, and
scientific centers.
It has ceased to be state property and is now
the property of the Academy of Sciences. But is it really private
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2496, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 25
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 8
property if all the installations, laboratories, space centers--just
what does it not include!--if all
this is now at the disposal of the
community of scientists? This is a totally different structure.
There likewise exist multifarious forms of property of various
types-- cooperative, collective, joint-stock, and certain others
which are not covered by the concept 'private property.'' It is
admissible and is dictated by its own logic when it is a question of
a hairdressing salon, a gasoline pump, a bakery, or something
But, when reducing
state control, it is necessary to ensure
the primacy of labor collectives.
Precisely these must own the means
of production and dispose of the results of their labor. Both the
master's mentality and high responsibility for the results oi their
labor will take shape precisely with the transfer of state property
to them.
36. All forms must be combined and, when placed under equal
conditions, by means of normal struggle and competition, prove their
advantages and correspondingly occupy a greater or lesser proportion.
I would say that there are no profound differences of principle here,
because the question of exploitation has been removed both from the
program submitted for discussion by the president and from ours. I
would like only to point out that reducing state control is a lengthy
process.
A juridical change in the forms of ownership is an act of a
moment, while a change in economic forms of relations requires
considerably longer times.
It is dangerous
to rush things.
37. (Garifullina] Leonid Ivanovich,
the program of the Union
government is criticized primarily and chiefly for supposedly being
based on a substantial rise in prices, and this has quite an impact
on people who,
on the whole, are not familiar with the program.
Do
the alternative programs intend to avoid an increase in prices?
[Abalkin] When the programs are being compared, it is natural
that the supporters of both programs try to emphasize the weak
aspects or to accentuate attention on them. I get the impression
that this question is manifestly misrepresented and exaggerated. An
attempt is being made to prove that all disagreements boil down only
and the myth that this is the chief difference is being
take a back seat, as it were, and red rags are pulled out to tease
public opinion.
40. The difference lies elsewhere.
Prices will rise in all
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 438, "chars": 2780, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 26
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page
betting adistrare bestes, eat set spectation it sick a
It is fertile ground fox
speculation.
Prices always gravitate toward their conventional
natural level. If this is not done legally, it happens illegally on
the black market.
41. The difference is this. By regularizing prices, which
inevitably follows from the overall logic of deductions for social
insurance, and raising the prices of oil and coal, without which w
annot finance the development of basic sectors of the economy--thi
all has a chain-reaction effect --first, we fully compensate the
population for the price increase implemented by the state. One for
one. Ruble for ruble.
We do not want to make a single kopek out of
this.
And,
second, we then place this sum of prices under the
state's control.
42. This is the kind of magnitude of the sums involved so that you
can get a feel of the logic.
The volume of commodity turnover in our
country is roughly 400 billion rubles [R]--these are annual sales.
The increase in prices which we envisage amounts to R135 billion..
approximately one-third of the total volume--and one-third goes to
compensate the population, ruble for ruble, as I have already said.
The state imposes a certain limit on all these prices, which are
basic for the population-- they include foodstuffs, clothes,
footwear, and cultural and domestic goods.
It places these prices
under its control.
Some 30 percent of prices are under the control
of the Union government, 40 percent are given over to the republics,
and approximately 30 percent are given up to contract prices and free
price formation. After increasing expenditure and then compensating
the population for it, we guarantee the continued production and
sales of products to the population at firm prices.
73. A different option has been chosen in the program submitted by
the president.
It states that prices will not be raised formally or
administratively by the government but will change under the
influence of supply and demand, i.e. market conditions.
It provides
for límits on certain commodities and names a list of 150
They do not include bread, it is said, except for just
two kinds, while the rest are free. You do not particularly have to
be a seer to understand
that there will not be bread for 13 kopeks or
"'Orel" bread, but there will be all the rest, only more expensive,
and no one will receive compensation for that.
There will be
indexation, for,
incidentally, our programs coincide with regard to
indexation.
But if financial improvement, of which I have spoken, is
uncealistic, prices will start to creep up, and it will be hard to
control their growth. And, according to our estimates, it will be
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2121, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 27
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 10
considerably higher than forecast. True, there appear to be no
guilty parties here. Well, really, who is guilty? Prices have risen
by themselves.
But this does not make things any easier
for people.
Of course, if you draw a veil over this and do not focus
attention on it, then the state appears to remain aloof here.
strongest?
45. [Abalkin] The extensive program of measures for financial
improvement. The buildup of output through conversion, particularly
of complex domestic equipment, which we want to throw onto the market
in order to tie up money
savings; the reduction of actual spending on
defense, on production, of investments, and on aid to foreign states.
46. We are not abandoning the realization of the planned social
programs, and so we are not reckoning on carrying out the period of
financial improvement in 100 days, and it will be doing well if it
takes only 18 months.
moderate radical option: to improve things, but as painlessly as
possible. To improve things, but without treading on social
programs.
47. There are the following niceties, People say: "We will sell
off state property, and so
we will both achieve financial improvement
and stabilize the market.'' But we have made a very professional
analysis--involving excellent specialists--of the structure of
savings.
A person holds money but cannot today buy a television set,
a refrigerator, a washing machine, a suite of furniture, or a set of
kitchen utensils.
He has put the
money by and is waiting.
So if you
sell a hairdressing salon, a laundry, or a poncho that was military
property, someone will buy and some money will be drawn off, but the
guy who put it by for a television set or a refrigerator will not buy
All the same, this money will remain in the consumer market
as pressing demand, and if we do not counter it with appropriate
the population's savings. All the same, this whole mass that has
been put by will await its turn.
[Garifullina] How does the government intend to protect us under
market conditions?
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2612, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 28
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 11
49. [Abalkin] We are making a very broad study of guarantees an
neasures of social protection, and we include such questions of
social protection as ensuring
popula on ecologe proreton alo coad ate the rected book.
Everything
is written down in detail. And, most importantly, we do
not recognize the admissibility of curtailing social programs that
have already been adopted.
50. [Garifullina] Leonid Ivanovich, do you consider it possible to
adopt without discussion by the entire people a program which will
abruptly change the polítical and economic situation in the country?
And, incidentally, what is your attitude to the people's deputies'
51- [Abalkin] A proposal to hold a referendum was advanced by the
government back in May, when cardinal changes in the system of price
formation were being discussed, and we went openly, although people
said to us--you are committing suicide and you will not get support
or trust. But we replied that we wanted to play an honest game and
so were ready to hold
a referendum.
But the proposal was not
These are not such simpie questions. II, let us say, the
government program is put to a nationwide referendum and if we
receive support in that, then the government gets independence Irom
the Supreme Soviet and even from the congress and we receive the
highest mandate of confidence from the people and become independent
in implementing economic policy.
Whoever has obtained the people's
approval--and a referendum is the highest expression of the people's
will-possesses such a right.
However, far from everyone was
prepared to risk the government's getting the opportunity. The
overall distribution of sociopolitical forces and the struggle
against the government had an influence.
52. A referendum demands preciseness, clarity, and simplicity. A
VoD-page program cannot be submitted for discussion. And how to
I agree with this.
Iwo questions are ready for a referendum.
The president himself spoke of one of them in his speech in the
Supreme Soviet.
This is the question of private ownership of land, a
most pointed question demanding a clear answer--for or against.
3. And the second question for a reterendum, of which 1 spoke in my
speech, is the question of the future state structure of the USSR.
against preserving the USSR as a federative state.
It is clear, simple, and obvious. And the people must make
their choice unequivocally. And then, having received the people's
answer, it is necessary to stop all political games, for then no one
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 371, "chars": 2376, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 29
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 12
has the right to dispute the choice made by the people. At least no1
for quite a while, within the life of a generation.
55. Matters really have now reached the extreme exacerbation of the
situation, although perhaps I have not put it accurately--things
People sometimes say: Thing
ould not be worse. Excuse me, but if we do not take decisive
escalate into a very strong public protest and disobedience. If we
still manage somehow to get through the winter, then a general
collapse of economic ties will, 1 believe, ensue toward spring--by
February-March.
This will be the most terrible politica. and
economic crisis in the country, and it is already hard to predict the
further consequences.
57. Today we have not yet reached the furthest line but are standing
before it, and God forbid that we cross it, for then it will be too
late to hold a referendum and then some other force must come and
say: "Enough! Let us instill order.' What is needed to prevent that
happening is the maximum concord, awareness of our responsibility for
the peoples' destinies, and readiness to assume it.
opportunity will emerge to extricate the country from the crisis and
from the impending threat of chaos.
58. [Garifullina] Leonid Ivanovich, does it not seem to you that the
following problem
is one of the causes of instability in the
country--local Soviets and the center syndrome?
59. [Abalkin] Alas, it does exist. What is the matter here? A real
demarcation of powers has occurred. A huge number of spheres of the
national economy--the agro-industrial complex with all its sectors,
housing and municipal services, and construction--have been
son have be pectors,
transferred to the jurisdiction of local soviets in the republics.
Some of them recently, but others long ago, like the bread-baking
industry, for example. But the center syndrome does exist: ''Bus
services in our city are bad. Which way is Ryzhkov's government
looking?'' A rough formula. This has taken root and become the
object of speculation.
60. People who either do not possess management skills or are unable
resolve specific questions, who frequently arrived in the soviets
riding on a wave of rally emotions and of attempts at destructive
criticism of absolutely everything, are now trying to shirk
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 446, "chars": 2924, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 30
of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 13
responsibility. The operation of city transport and municipal
services, preparations for winter, fruit and vegetable supplies to
the city, the organization of the trade in bread, etc. are the
direct, full, and exclusive province and responsibility of local
organs of power. It is essential to reject the center syndrome.
Given your own irresponsibility and inability to cope with things,
you must not shift the pointer of responsibility to those who have no
bearing on local affairs.
nervousness and political instability.
61. [Garifullina] How do you forecast the development of events if
one program or the other is adopted?
62.
[Abalkin] First, if the government's program is adopted and,
second, if terms on which the government will assume responsibility
are accepted, a
slow process of improvement awaits us.
A process
extending over 18-24 months.
There will be gradual stabilization and
the gradual resolution of tasks connected with saturating the
consumer market.
This will not happen at once with regard to large
There will begin-although also, maybe, not in an accelerated
version--an upsurge of labor activeness, a new motivation mechanism
will take shape, a
thrifty attitude toward labor, property, and
national assets will be revived, ecological crises will gradually be
resolved, and there will be an equally slow and gradual restoration
of the population's confidence in the ability of the country's
leadership to emerge from the crisis.
The situation will be rough
and even quite prone
to zigzags, and
the possibility of conflicts is
not excluded.
A problem-free future hardly awaits us, but, on the
other hand, there will be gradual improvement.
63. If we take the ''500 days'' program in its initial form, I do
not believe in it.
I consider it unrealistic and not feasible at the
initial stage, and all the rest will follow from this.
If, as is
proposed, all
existing structures of management are destroyed without
delay, ministries are eliminated without delay, and prices are set
free, then it is possible to expect a collapse with the inevitable
destruction of economic ties between regions and related enterprises.
In many cases production will be paralyzed no later than the spring
and, most likely, sooner--and there will be a considerable slump in
production. The mothballing of construction projects will cause mass
unemployment. No protective mechanisms will be able to compensate
for the splurge in prices.
Not only an economic but also a political
crisis will develop and could either take the long drawn-out line
toward still greater chaos and collapse or result in the removal from
the political arena of the forces which authored this program and in
the arrival of some new authoritative political structures.
64. I would not like to meet with you in six months' time and say:
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 1278, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174872
Page: 31
Of 42
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 7 of 12
Page 14
See, I told you so. I do not want that to happen. But this is only
possible if an attempt is not made to implement it.
And if it
is...-no, I do not want that! You must not win bets at the cost of
65. But I am obliged to see this result as a citizen and a scientist
and to struggle against this with all my might, which is what I am
doing. So far, it is true, without any particular success.
66. (Garifullina] Leonid Ivanovich, does the debate in parliament
reassure you, and how do you assess it in general?
61. [Abalkin] Of course, the debate does not satisfy me very much. I
observe this process at close quarters, and 1 feel that deputies are
under quite tough pressure both from the drafters of the programs and
trom the press, which has expressed its opinion without even reading
And pressure resulting from the authority of Russia: "Look,
they have adopted a program, so what about us?'' And yet they voted
without reading the second program at all.
It was clear to
them--without reading it!--that it was bad! Nonetheless, a deputy
must demand respect for himself and only vote when everything is
clear to him, when he has made the choice himself, not under
UNCLASSIFIED
