{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T04:44:14Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 590832, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05517548.pdf", "source_sha256": "43dac061451db5c11d04e007a902992c0ca7ce11ca671c609a9d6ad011248c06"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1678, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
°C00175736
Page: 1
Of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 2 of 12
Page
1
Cassification:
Document Date:
Report Type:
Report Number:
UNCLASSIFIED
26 Oct 91
JPRS Report
JPRS-ULS-92-003
Status:
Category:
[STAT]
[CATI
Report Date:
UDC Number:
Author (5):
A. Tarasov, special correspondent for IZVESTIYA, filed in
Yekaterinburg: 'The Battle to Get the Harvest In Ended
With Victims: Once More About the Mystery of the Ural
Fields'; first paragraph is source introduction]
Headline: 'Sverdlovsk Syndrome' Studied
Source Line: 927C0105B Moscow IZVESTIYA in Russian 26 Oct 91 p 2
subslug: I2vESleA, filed in ekaterialgorreshendatte to Get the
IZVESTIYA,
Harvest In Ended With Victims: Once More About the Mystery
of the Ural Fields''; first paragraph is source
introduction]
PULL IEXT OF ARTICLE:
[Article by A. Tarasov, special correspondent for IZVESTIYA,
filed in Yekaterinburg: ''The Battle to Get the larvest In Ended With
Victims: Once More About the Mystery of the Ural Fields''; first
paragraph is source introduction]
2. (Text] After another massive poisoning of students at the
Krasnoufimskiy sovkhoz (see details in IZVESTIYA, No 221), the
harvest contingents from Ural University abandoned the fields. But
the chain of tragic and as yet unexplained incidents was not broken:
soon atter, new victims of the potato fields were hospitalized.
3. Ten oi them were students irom Sverdlovsk Institute of the
National Economy. They had been gathering potatoes at the
orially record ane about the Bai listance Fron eh. Ellas the
and Roleaky rayons
formed in the course of the decomposition and interaction of a poison
333
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
2/2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 462, "chars": 2897, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-C00175736
Page: 2
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 2 of 12
Page 2
unknown to science. And then there are these: the cause is an anomaly
of geological structure of those territories; the specific
composition of the soil; the mafia blocking the harvest of the
potatoes in order to spiral up the prices for a 'second bread'";
intrigues of UPOs; poisonous mosquitoes. Not a single one of the
suggestions has been proven, but none has been refuted.
5. Such an array of versions is remarkable in and of itself. After
11, many of them, except for perhaps only the last few, are not a
11 far-fetched, and there's some basis for most of the suggestions
It's ridiculous, of course, to blame weakened immunity or
avitaminosis of the city people as the main cause of the group's
Injuries to the peripheral nervous system. But the USSR Ministry of
Health commission, in investigating the circumstances of one of the
unusual incidents, could not help but note the acute deficiency of
vitamins B and C and the weakened state of the bodies of those
stricken. Some specialists indicate that isolated incidents of the
strange ailment were noted long before 1989. And maybe the worsened
supply of fruits and vegetables to the Ural people of recent years
played a role of its own in the outbreak of the illness.
Or how about the entirely improbable "hypotheses'" voiced ''in a
delirium,' which bring into play the military, radiation, or some
sort of natural anomalies? Were those versions born on arid soil?
Issue No 162 of IZVESTIYA wrote of the Krasnoufimskiy storage
facilities, where behind plank fences are kept ore that contain
thorium-and the unusual incidents are occurring just a few kilometers
from those facilities. The version about the military? The outbreak
of anthrax in Sverdlovsk in 1979 is not forgotten, and that's why the
attitude toward the military is particularly suspicious. What goes on
behind the "'postal box' fences is known to only a small circle of
people. (It wasn't until 16 September of this year that the oblast
executive committee allowed the oblast health-epidemiological station
to visit, for "'reasons of environmental protection,'' the facilities
of the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Internal Affairs.)
Natural anomalies? They exist, too. Above the fields of the village
of the city people-the ends of the are rested not on the ground, but
above, in the clouds.
7. But the most mysterious thing about the "potato" detective
story is the position taken by the people in power. It remains
unchanged, even though the people who formulated it have changed more
than once. The people in power continue to fight for the harvest with
the same valor. Iwo years ago, the number of those sent away could
not stop the flow of new harvest contingents to the front with the
unknown illness. It's the same today-the place where losses were
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1956, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175736
Page: 3
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 2 of 12
Page 3
taken and university students were demoralized on the Krasnoufimskiy
fields has been filled with amazing persistence with students from
the Institute of Railroad Engineers, local schoolchildren, and tank
crews from the Volga-Uxal Military District.
8. Ivo years ago, the Uralenergochernet enterprise refused to pay
or the sick leave of Nadezhda B., a Uralenergochermet engineer who
became ill after five and a half hours of work at the Khramtsovo
despite the paperwork, signed by the sovkhoz director, which namec
the cause of the poisoning as combined action of pestícides.
and not use her name in the newspaper-"people who are Just aren't
needed in the workplace, especially people like us.
guilty for the illness.
9. The unusual incident of this year happened on fields where the
health-epidemiological station has yet to find any traces of toxic
substances. That's why, in the words of the chief neuropathologist of
the oblast, Prof Ye.
Krupin, a fairly difficult struggle lies ahead
in the attempt to prove that the students aren't dragging their feet
out of capriciousness.
10. So, in the ''Sverdlovsk syndrome, '' besides what's unique,
there's
also something that's standard, even hateful.
11. By the way, Krupin, who has seen those stricken with the
mysterious sickness, has advanced his own version for the cause of
the illness: the mystery lies in the incomprehensible use of a new
generation of imported pesticides-pyrethroids. According to the
professor's data,
they have lost their ability to walk on the very
tarms in the oblast that have such toxins-particularly the
neurotropic compounds tsimbush and sumicidin.
12. Indirectly supporting Krupin's version is this fact: in letters
the use of pyrethroids has been sanctioned to control the Colorado
beetle and other pests.
13. Krupin says this: there are influential officials who are
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 1936, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
^C00175736
Page: 4
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 2 of 12
Page
4
such poverful toxins. (In Khrantsov, for example, a concrete mixer is
used to prepare the pesticide solutions.)
14. Obviously, the method chosen by the visitors trom Moscow to
study the problem-in assaults after each unusual incident-is
ineffective. A systematic,
comprehensive study is absolute.
ecessary. Leading specialists have to be involved. They have to hav
ighly sensitive equipment. But what are the people supposed to d
ow, wait until next summer or fall? After all, there's no barrier a
all today to protect against misfortune.
15. Vhatever version about the cause of the poisonings turns out to
be correct, this much can be said right now: The two-year drama on
the fields is a drama about the Soviet state's stubborn neglect of
the individual.
16.
POSTSCRIPT: While this article was in press, a commission of the
Russian Ministry of Health prepared a report on the results of work
done in Sverdlovsk Oblast.
The cause of the illness was said to be
the combined action of a number of factors. The principal factors
involved working conditions. Ihen there was veakened immunity, and
adverse weather conditions. The pesticides were acquitted. Meanwhile,
the "greens'' don't agree with the conclusions of the medical
people-they feel that the country's agroindustrial complex is a
criminal organization, and they are getting ready to take it to
court.
17. The commission's report did not bring any clarity to the
matter-it tailed to even comment on a number of things. What now? To
a recent remark on the " Sverdlovsk syndrome'• made by IZVESTIYA, the
RSFSR State Committee for Health and Epidemiological Inspection
for hard currency are spending it for the time being primarily for
sugar and meat.
18. Could this really be us, who have jabbered so much in the past
about the importance of values common to all mankind?
UNCLASSIFIED
