{"created_utc": "2026-08-30T01:41:01Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 465996, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05517522.pdf", "source_sha256": "3eefe107b819f79c82aa81562425f7ae215555621fc276785e9e499726f97fd2"}

-C00175684

                                                            Page: 1     of 2
                                          UNCLASSIFIED

         Document 1
CLAS UNCLASSIFIED
CLAS UNCLASSIFIED
APSN PK0302131393
DDAT 930203         .
SLIN Moscow IZVESTIYA in Russian 3 Feb 93 p 3
AUTB Marat Zubko and IZVESTIYA military observer Viktor Litovkinunder the
     general heading: "Swedish Prime Minister Going to Moscow To Resolve
     'Periscope Problem'"
SUBS [Reports by Karat Zubko and IZVESTIYA military observer Viktor Litovkin
     under the general heading: "Swed.ish Prime Minister Going to Moscow To
     Resolve ' Periscope Problem'"                       .
SUBJ Bildt to Focus on Submarine Incursions During Moscow Visit
Full Text Superzone of Message
1    )
2    [Text) Stockholm -- "Carl Bildt is flying to Moscow with a new analysis of
     the situation concerning foreign submarines violating Swedish territorial
     waters," Swedish radio stated when commenting on the Swedish prime
     minister's forthcoming visit to Russia.
3    The local press claims that a wide range of questions concerning bilateral
     relations, including trade and economic ties, will be discussed at the
     talks in Moscow, but the Swedish guest intends to focus on the problem of
     mysterious submariners violating Swedish waters.
4    Your correspondent discovered from Swedish sources that as recently as
     last week copies of magnetic tapes were sent to Russia, containing
     recordings of noises from the screws of a submarine (or submarines?) which
     the Swedish coast defense was hunting in the fall of last year off the
     country's eastern seaboard.                   ~--~~---~-. ---~~~.-

5    There are all the signs that Carl Bildt will try and obtain the Russian
     authorities' admission that it is actually Russian submarines which are
     the transgressors. The prime minister has consistently favored the
     version of events which says that Soviet submarines were violating
     Sweden's skerries in the past, and that now Russia is doing the same.
6    Last year people in Sweden began to express their doubts about this
     despite the longstanding "periscope campaign." First of all Commodore Carl
     Andersson, who is well-known in the country and was in the past a leader


                                                                                  I
     of the coast defense, stun~ed many. Swedes by calling the rumpus over the
     foreign submarines' incursions into the Swedish skerries a "figment of the
     imagination similar to flying saucers."
1    But not so long ago Vilhelm Agrell, Sweden's leading specialist on
     problems of peace and conflicts, made a fairly sharp statement: The
     information about the Russian submarines' actions in the Baltic Sea, which
     Stockholm is receiving from Moscow, is being hushed up in Sweden.
8    V. Agrell considers that "Swedish-Russian relations are too serious a
     matter to be entrusted to individuals who decide them at their
     discretion." The expert also thinks that the prime minister has been tying
     up all his political prestige in the submarine issue.
9    Several specialists in Stockholm assert that the Swedish guests will even
     attempt to tie the submarine issue in with that of granting credit to
     Russia of 1 billion Swedish krone (approximately $135 million) as a single
     "package" at the talks in Moscow.
10 The Swedish prime minister will also discuss other questions in Moscow,
     which are complicating Swedish-Russian relations. The following fact
     testifies to the seriousness of his intentions: His visit will be an
     official one. (Zubko ends)
11   (Litovkin begins) The Swedish prime minister is ~xpected in Russia.
     People here wish to draw a line under the protracted "periscope war,"

                                         UNCLASSIFIED
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
-C00175684

                                                             Page: 2     of 2
                                           UNCLASSIFIED

      although the experts I know claim that this will not be easy to
      accomplish.
 12   The Swedish side does not possess precise and clear arguments which
      indisputably prove the appearance of Russian submarines in Swedish
      territorial waters. All the recordings of underwater noises which have
      been received from Stockholm are of a very poor quality. I~ is impossible
      to draw from them an unequivocal conclusion about the presenee of
      submarines and to whom they belong. It is no accident that even the prize
      of 1 million Swedish krone, announced last fall for any Russian Navy
      sailor providing evidence of the bOfders being violated, has remained
      unclaimed. In our experts' opinions, the Swedes will have to find a way
      of extricating themselves honorably from an unpleasant situation which is
      of their own making.
 13   On the other" hand, our Navy's Main Staff is also failing to give the
      public clear proof that Russian submarines have never been in Swedish
      waters except for the single incident in 1981.
 14   It is being asserted that during the Swedish premier's visit to Russia, he
      and President B. Yeltsin will sign a document in which both sides will
      pledge to cooperate in the search for the truth. Bow              this
      cooperation will be is an open question. (endall) 3 feb
      03/1358z feb BT 19059 NNNN


                                          UNCLASSIFIED
