{"created_utc": "2026-08-30T00:26:09Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 457167, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516710.pdf", "source_sha256": "20257fae948ce6eff93a95ac55eff2fc4bc52fef398c471926ef74f8c666beaa"}

C00175440
                                                                                                                           Page: 4   of 4
                                                                                                            UNCLASSIPIED

                                                                       Document 6
 CLAS UNCLASSIPIED
 CLAS UNCLASSIPIED
 APSN LD1811003189
 SUBJ Take 3 of 3 -- Abalkin 15 Nov News Conference
 Pull Text Superzone of Message
 1    [Editorial Report) An APN correspondent asks about the difficulty of the
      present state of affairs and whether the population expected to wait.
 2    Abalkin says everyone is waiting for an instant miracle. In the past, he
      says, it is at times like this that reports of UFO's start circulating.
      Ve must convince public opinion, by means of the truth and nothing but the
      truth. Huge disappointments are inevitable after huge illusions. The
      unfortunate must be made aware of the state's concern for their
      well-being. Ve must not give way to emotions. The individual must be
      made to feel his own responsibility and the importance of this work. The
      republics must be given their chance: In 1990 they must be zones of
      change; they must show that things are changing for the better.
 3    An ABC correspondent, speaking in English with superimposed Russian
      translation, asks: "President Bush has said that he wants perestroyka to
      succeed. Vhat steps would you like the United States to take in the
      economic sphere to help perestroyka succeed?"
 4    Abalkin responds: "Ve must do most of the work ourselves. I remember what
      Bush said about Poland and Hungary. He was quite right, I think, when he
      said, as a wise and realistic politician, that the Poles and Hunaarians
      themselves must bring their country out of economic crisis, just like the
      Soviet people must do. Ve must do this ourselves. I am concerned most by
      what must be done in our country in these matters. As for what can be
      expected of the United States of America, which might be of assistance, I
      do not wish to develop this topic, because apart from the most general
      concepts with which you have all long been familiar -- decide the issue of
      the most-favoured nation system, remove some other restrictions -- I shall
      not be enriching our knowledge with anything."
 5    The (?Harlems Daglad) correspondent, speaking in Russian, asks: "Ve did
      not all manage to follow the debates conducted at the conference. Could
      you perhaps tell us more specifically which points gave rise to the most
      negative reaction from the conservatives, and how do you reckon to break
      this opposition?"
 6    Abalkin answers: "Va have a great deal of historical experience on how to
      break the opposition. [laughter in hall) Therefore, the main task is how
      to learn to hold a dialogue with the opposition. The best way is to
      compel the conservatives to do battle with the radicals, while we get on
      calmly with the job at hand. [laughter] That would be the wisest
      solution, we have both radicals and conservatives. At the same time, we
      must take all the valuable and useful and sensible things offered by both
      of these, and include these in our programme and get on along our own way.
      As for the aspects which came in for criticism, I would limit myself to
      just two approaches. Emotions carried over from meetings were present at
      the conference; and there were also scientific discussions.
 7    "Everything starts at the very beginning: Should state'property be left
      unaltered, or should we start to modernize and renew, make it more
      flexible and start the process of de-etatization, given labor collectives
      on this basis the freedom to decide matters independently and to elect
      their manager. Or should we maintain the system of administration by
      injunction. Should we move to a market with new laws of regulating it,
      with flexible and mobile prices. Or should we as before keep prices
      unambiguously under harsh state control. A quite normal process is under
      way, not a very pleasant one, but a normal process of counterposing and                                                               I()h
      weighing up and so forth. At the same time -- and this is also a very                                                                 , V

                ---- - .. -... _..... - -                        -
              ":.:\...,. .:...... .. .trs_",* •. '/t.J,. '~"i"-:'"   : .. .'   .   ........   ~   ..   ~.
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
C001754400wn thing -- the existence of any opposition compels one to sharpen
      one"s Instruments of argument, compels one to weigh up more attentively
      tn&possible consequences, which might be overlooked were there no such
      criticism. Altogether, in the final analysis, if there is no destructive
      action and no struggle, one can derive useful things from this, if one
      regards taking account of diverse points of view as a factor making it
      possible to ensure a more realistic program of action.
  8   "Thank you for the interest you have shown in the work of
      and in our commission's work. Thank you." (ENDALL) 171
      18/0106Z NOV BT #6143 NNNN


                                           UNCLASSIFIED
