{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T01:41:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 612782, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516643.pdf", "source_sha256": "34677e83f48f4a74618bd37ec2275fa047b27bf47163d2bb8bf1e135b21ac4d6"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1755, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174678
Page: 1
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Docunent 5 of 20
Page
1
Classification:
Document Date:
Report Type:
Report Number:
UNCLASSIFIED
16 Jun 92
JPRS report
JPRS-UEQ-92-010
Status:
Category:
Report Date:
UDC Number:
[STAT]
[CAT]
Author (s): Vladimir Lagovskiyl
Headline: Sensation: Flight to Alpha-Centaurus
Source Line: 927F0248A Moscow RABOCHAYA TRIBUNA in Russian 16 Jun 92
Subslug: [Article by Vladimir Lagovskiy]
PULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
1. [Article by Vladimir Lagovskiy]
2. [Text] ...On "'Flying Saucer''
3. For starters, let us acknowledge this fact. The rumors that the
military industrial
complex which actually owns the Scientific
Production Association (NºO) oi Experimental Machine Building is
rather seriously interested in "flying
saucers'' are justified. I am
looking at a document. It is entitled,
''A Protocol of the Test
Results of an Exploratory Flying Vehicle Motion Method.'' At the top,
as it should be, it is marked "'Concur' with a signature of the
deputy commander of the military unit and an official seal. This is
followed by the test date, test location, and the object of testing.
And the purpose. As for the latter, it says that the experiments are
carried out in order to assess the effect of moving a bulk
high-T‹inf>c<reset> superconductor under the effect of a fast
electron flux on it according to a flying vehicle research program
developed by the Scientific Production Association of the X and Y
military units.
4. I am quoting these data in such detail not without reason.
Stereotypes are still deeply embedded here.
serious affair.
authors' certificates, and patent and invention claims.
moving in space. And we can demonstrate it.''
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
2/2010
28
parissie'

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2264, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174678
Page: 2
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 5 of 20
Page
2
•..Here is the so-called 'Mohammed's tomb'' -a saucer-shaped
object from a cooled superconductor freely levitating in a magnetic
Almost all developers of superconducting compounds used to
"experiment'' with this trick. As for the enthusiasts, it infused
pose, bie. There are no theoretica, ba racie to his: yet here hover
problem: upon close examination, the generally sound idea runs into
7. For example, in order to ascend in the geomagnetic field of our
planet, it is necessary to create an incredibly strong magnetic
intrinsic field around the 'saucer.'• Yet this is far from simple
problem with magnetic fields there.
sagnetic fields there in space There is a special
8. The vehicle must be equipped with additional sustainer engines,
the enthusiasts were explaining away. This of course is a way
out... yet would the game be then worth the candles?
9. In other words, for reasons easy to understand, many experts
thought such methods of travel to be rather hypothetical than real.
And then they found a solution. A simple one, as a solution should
10. ...An experimental unit. A fast election flux. It emerges from
an accelerator and
speeds past the superconductor model.
So, the
'Mohammed's tomb' instantaneously jumps to the side. Even the eye
cannot catch its swift motion.
11. ''Now imagine a real space vehicle,'' Shabetnik says. Its
airframe is covered with a high-I<inf>c/reset> superconductor. Fast
electron emitters are installed circularly around it. The charged
particles will be streamlining around the vehicle and by moving will
create both a current and an electromagnetic field. So, the field and
the current will be simultaneously induced in the superconducting
layer.
What will happen? The fields and the currents will begin to
interact with Ampere's force. simply speaking,
their carriers will be
repelled fron each other. And this Is undoubtedly more efficient than
in the electron medium which it itself created around itself.
12. The sphere is a perfect shape for interstellar travel. Yet for
moving in an atmosphere, it is difficult to find anything better than
the "'saucer.'' Consequently, it will probably be necessary to
UNCLASSIFIED
....

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2268, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174678
Page: 3
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Docusent 5 of 20
Page 3
develop a variable-geonetry device. Starting from the surface would
equire a rather modest outlay oi electric force. About 100 A will b
sufficient for a 5-ton
vehicle. It would be also easy to maneuver i
by increasing or decreasing the current along its sides.
13. ...From Superconductor
14. In essence, the scientists are suggesting an electromagnetic
neans of conveyance, albeit modified in principle. There is no doubt
in the principle itself. But vould it be possible to realize it in
practice? We need superconductors. The best one-for -80°C-would
suffice in space.
The temperature there is much lower. Yet in the
15. ''Haven't you forgotten,' Vladimir Dmitriyevich is musing,
''that we suggested a superconductor which maintains zero
conductivity at 850°C?'•
16. ''No, I haven't forgotten. But this is still in the exploratory
stage.
17. ''Yes, exploratory. But quite real.''
18. Shabetnik and his colleagues are certain that they have
discovered new fundamental patterns in the structure of matter. This
knowledge enables them to explain the properties of matter
differently from the way it has been done thus far-on the basis of
the statistical and probabilistic concepts. They suggested a more
natural approach.
19. Por example, the researchers have demonstrated that the physical
parameters of all elements depend on the quantity and state of the
elementary particles in them. They also managed to establish the
shape and structure of these building blocks. It turned out that in
the physical world surrounding us, everything is subject to precise
calculation: from the boiling point and entropy to superconductivity-
a phenomenon discovered yet still not explained from the viewpoint of
the old notions. And whenever precise calculation is possible, it is
scientists at first theoretically predicted the existence of
superconductors with a -80°C critical temperature. Then they
nere is a project for an 850°
reason to doubt that it, too, will succeed.
20. ''I won't disclose all the secrets,'' Shabetnik says, ''but will
give you a hint that the new superconductor can be based on plain
iron. The trick is in the energy order of the remaining element
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2235, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174678
Page: 4
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Docunent 5 of 20
Page
4
position.''
21.
"'Okay, but what kind of fuel are you going to use to go into
space?'' I collected myself to ask.
22.
...And Almost With Perpetual Motion
23.
'Will you put a nuclear or fusion reactor on the space vehicle
I will you turn to the energy of the vacuum?'
24. ''Neither one of the three,'' Vasiliy Dmitriyevich responds.
'Do you recall another sensation which was trumpeted roughly at the
sane time as high-temperature superconductivity? It was reported that
the so-called ''cold fusion'' was discovered in the United States.
Then this phenomenon was replicated in many laboratories throughout
the world. That it was replicated yet again could not be explained.
And why? Simply because they were trying to find the features of
fusion reactors where they couldn't be found.
25. ''I remember these experiments vividly. I even observed one of
those at Moscow State University. A jar with heavy water, two live
electrodes, and all of a sudden, additional heat, as if from nowhere.
And if its source is not 'cold fusion,' then what was it?
26.
"We call this phenomenon 'energy conversion.' And the jar
Itself is a primitive converter model. Water boils in it. Using the
scientific language, we are dealing with a phase transition. Yet in
this case the water particles are moving in an orderly fashion due to
an electric field. And in such cases, according to our theory, phase
transitions result in an increase in the energy release. The gain is
some 2.12-4.2 times greater than the work spent.
"Wait a second, wait a second,'' I am trying to interrupt what
I have just heard, 'Are you talking about perpetual motion?'
28.
"No, we are talking about extracting the inner energy of the
matter.''
29. "'And can it be used in any way?''
Sad one gus. eYE masteren de feat it would be an ead me the
primitive one-boiling water...and of course, such a converter is not
suitable for space flights.
31. ''We have already found an electrical analog of the processes
during wnich energy conversion occurs'', Shabetnik continues. "'And
it can be extracted
not from water but from, say, metal. Suppose you
UNCLASSIFIED
....•
::..
......
".i.!
....:

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1317, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00174678
Page: 5
of 28
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1992
Document 5 of 20
Page 5
plug our converter into an electric generator. So on the output you
spay na he rainer is sail so you a Bit therer
microcosn."
32. Yet in reality, of course, everything is a lot more complicated.
In essence, the energy converter consists of several simultaneously
operating devices. Its principal elements are a closed superconductor
and a control system. Ihis is for terrestrial needs. But the electron
accelerator connected into the circuit turns the converter into a
space propulsor. Using it, one can reach the Alpha-Centaurus and
return back to earth in 12 years.
"Have you been able to replicate these processes at least
experimentally?"
34.
"'Yes. Otherwise I wouldn't be telling you anything. In our
estimates, the energy concealed in 1 kilogram of iron is quite
sufficient for an interstellar journey.'
Well, the outlook is, shall we say it, quite fantastic. Even
without Ilying to other worlds. After all, the energy converters will
be quite suitable for earthly needs. It's about time to start
dreaming
, not only about miracle generators capable of replacing
nightmarish nuclear and fossil fuel pover plants, but also about new
means of conveyance. All our lives could be changed dramatically...
36.
UNCLASSIFIED
