{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T04:48:46Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 6, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 633798, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05517559.pdf", "source_sha256": "4fcf57c9c0276be60445325269ea6a49866d68b0ac337fc7128f3926a1528984"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 226, "chars": 1632, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-C00175750
Page: 6
. of 10
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 3 of 4
Page
1
Classification:
Document Date:
Report Type:
Report Number:
UNCLASSIFIED
30 Jun 93
JPRS report
FBIS-USR-93-090
Status:
Category:
Report Date:
UDC Number:
[STAT]
[CAT]
luthor(s): Yuriy Grigoryevich Naido, director of the Center for
Structural and Industrial Research Under the Russian
Acadeny of Sciences Institute for Economic and Political
Ree Sech, on on innovaay e and inch Sial Policy: chief of
for the Print-Media Pamily: Export of High Technology
Will Give an Impetus to Western Research' ]
Headline: Impact on Market of High Technology Export
Source Line: 934F0838A Moscow ROSSIYSKIYE VESTI in Russian 30 Jun 93
Subslug:
[Article by Yuriy Grigoryevich Naido, director of the
Center for Structural
and Industrial Research Under the
Russian Academy of Sciences Institute for Economic and
Political Research, and Stanislav Iosifovich Simanovskiy,
chief of the Section on Innovative and Industrial Policy:
"'Not for the Print-Media Family: Export of High Technology
Will Give an Impetus to Western Research'']
PULL TEXT OP ARTICLE:
Structural and Industrial Research Under
Industrial Policy: 'Not for the Print-Media Pamily: Export of High
Technology Will Give an Impetus to Western Research'']
L. ¡lext Russia's conversion has scarcely managed to take its first
Iew steps, and its military-industrial complex has still not flung
is word or a a more te the does on Prole comersed
astronautics,
global technological rivalry.
3. The practical attainment of Russia's potential in the field of
UNCLASSIFIED
335
Approved for Release
2/2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2787, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175750
Page: 7
of 10
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Docusent 3 of 4
high technology and scientific exports requires considerable
preliminary effort on our part, as well as on the part of the
international community.
Page 2
4. As to Russia itself, the measures necessary for expanding its
international technological ties relate prímarily to the competence
scholast a dealer at these it pet toil ed 20 a can
prospects, international projects, as well as providing economic
incentives for technological exports. With the aid of measures in our
tax, credit, currency, finance, and customs polícy, we must provide
the most rapid possible adoption of a package of laws designed to
furnish a whole complex of measures for protecting and safeguarding
our industrial and intellectual property. We need laws on state
requisition orders in the defense field and on
the transfer of
technologies from the defense sectors to civilian sectors of
industry. We need encouragement as well as active economic and legal
cooperation with regard to diversifying the forms of property
ownership in the scientific and technical sphere. We cannot get by-of
course-without creating a favorable investment climate for domestic
and foreign investors,
including the formation of national and
International funds for insuring investments against political risks,
as well as the economic encouragement of risk-type financing of
technological developments and innovative activity.
5. Russia's acute need for currency assets and the above-mentioned
measures with regard to liberalizing international technological
contacts must not, however, blind us to the necessity of solving yet
another urgent problem.
What we have in mind here is preserving and
safeguarding Russia's national technological security, naturally, as
adapted to the conditions of an open market economy. But this matter
requires special examination and consideration.
6. As to the international community, from the latter Russia is
entitled to expect-at a minimum-the complete elimination of
discriminatory measures along the lines of Cocom, and in the sphere
of bilateral trade relations-being granted most-favored-nation
status. It is obvious that-from the West's viewpoint-this vould be
the best way to assist the Russian democratic reforms.
It would be
aid, which in the future would be returned to the West in the form of
the largest possible economic and political dividends,
stemming from
the opportunity to operate in the vast Russian market.
7. Turning now to some specific technological possibilities of our
country's VPK [military-industrial complex], we should bear in mind
that Russia is already prepared to propose a number of major projects
and offer them to the international community. For example, the
UNCLASSIPIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 329, "chars": 2536, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"C00175750
Page: 8
of 10
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Docunent 3 of 4
Page 3
Program for a Satellite Telecommunications System (STSS) for
providing business digital transmission between stationary and mobile
subscribers at any point in the world.
In all, three satellites in a
geosynchronous, high orbit allow the creation of a global
communications system for 60-80 million populated points in virtually
ny region on Earth. The principal components of this system
ncluding the space vehicle and the satellite, the means for puttin
It out there and bringing it back, guidance controls, the
communications lines from the space vehicle to Barth, the land-based
controls, etc.-have already undergone successful testing within the
framework of defense prograns. The STSS would save 200,000 jobs for
personnel employed in enterprises being converted.
8. A project involving global space communications with the aid of
Gonets [Messenger] low-orbit satellites is of great interest. As
early as 1994-1995 there will be 36 satellites in this system's
orbital grouping. They will provide their subscribers with
communications within a system of electronic mail, telex, telefax,
exchange of computer data, and-in the future-radio-telephone
communications. The practical operation of this system has been shown
in Australia, and it demonstrated a stable communications link
between Melbourne and Moscow.
9. The future prospects for utilizing the technological
possibilities of the military-industrial complex are shown by the
following simple list:
10-
-a project for launching artificíal satellites from mobile
stations;
-utilizing aerospace possibilities in navigation, research anc
exploration ol natural resources, cartography, meteorology,
forecasting natuxal phenomena, and protecting the natural environment
from pollution.
12. -obtaining new materials and preparations on orbiting stations;
-creating the wide-body EKIP [expansion not given] space
vehicles in the form of "'flying saucers.' The production of
hypersonic PVRD [ramjet] aviation engines.
14. At the present time Russia is working to prepare a contest for
conversion projects to involve foreign partners in 10 sectoral lines
of activity, including the following: programs for developing
motor-vehicle manutacturing, railroad transportation, civil aviation,
communications media, electronics and information technologies,
creation of machines
and equipment for civil engineering
construction, development of electric power complexes, development of
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 2193, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175750
Page: 9
of 10
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 3 of 4
Page 4
the production of agro-engineering equipment and machinery,
conversion, and ecology.
15. In order to finance such projects, targeted investment funds car
e created, Including International ones, and in order to carry ther
risen ty ancing Veston read an are pen a dog. is
high-technology field.
16. Up to now the complexities and difficulties here have been
onnected with the incompleteness of the legal and economic mechanis
f conversion. Nevertheless, elements of the new economic relation
and attitudes- corresponding to the spirit of an open market
economy-are gradually being approved and affirmed not only in the
economy as a whole but also in the defense industry.
17.
An essential role in forming a legal mechanism for conversion
was played by the Law ''On Converting the Defense Industry in the
Russian Federation,'' as adopted in March 1992. Even though last year
enterprises in the military-industrial complex turned out to be in an
exceptionally difficult situation because of the curtailment of
defense orders by 60 percent, many of them-thanks to the
above-mentioned law-were rendered strong state support. The 1993
budget has provided allocations for targeted programs (the Russian
State Space Program and the Program for Developing Civil Aviation),
in which a great role will also be played by the participation of
conversion enterprises. They will be subsidized for the purpose of
paying wages, for social needs,
special purpose, bench-type equipment.
18.
But even prior to the adoption of the law on conversion, life
itself had engendered some utterly new forms for us by way of
carrying out economic activity within the framework of the
military-industrial complex. In particular, various types of
joint-stock companies had begun to appear, attesting to the beginning
of the processes of radically changing the forms of property
ownership in the military-industrial complex.
communtcations thelates edul be installed on place of warheads,
20. The Aviatika joint-stock company has established itself in those
shops where MIG-29's used to be produced. It now turns out an
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1928, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-C00175750
Page: 10
Of 10
UNCLASSIFIED
Concatenated JPRS Reports, 1993
Document 3 of 4
Page 5
Italy, Spain, Prance, Britain, and other countries.
21. The Balakirev Machine Plant (which used to produce artillery)
nas also been converted to a joint-stock company. One part of it
continues to turn out defense products, while another part is
preparing to make American Case tractors.
22. At the present time work is also progressing on solving the
problem of creating other comprehensive organizational-marketing
structures for the military-industrial complex. We can cite four such
structures as examples. A business center which ís a semi-state
organization designed to expand the development of contacts with
domestic as well as foreign entrepreneurs; a finance company, which
Includes the Defense-Industry Bank; the Russian Defense-Industry
23. However, the changes that have taken place so far do not bear
the imprint of an
• integrated, systematic approach to solving the
problem of conversion in Russia. To a large extent they are of a
spontaneous nature. Nevertheless, their logic corresponds, with no
ambiguity at all,
to the process of the emergence of market-type
relations in oux country's economy, as well as to the appearance of
fundamentally new entities for managing the defense industry. And
that means that the complex's high technological potential is being
reinforced-albeit slowly- by the appropriate market mechanisms and
its implementation at the national, as well as the international,
level. And it would be no surprise at all if the military-industrial
complex-which was renowned as the conservative portion of our
economy-with the appropriate state support were to become the
locomotive and princípal financial source of Russian economic reform.
A pledge of this is its high decree of competitíveness and
material-technical preparedness for inclusion in the international
division of labor.
UNCLASSIFIED
