{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T01:13:33Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 544381, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516229.pdf", "source_sha256": "dc3c270d9b12a63cb75747acfc79b2daaa60c930ce7b17dc9ec105d41ff360e9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 547, "chars": 3432, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042352
ITS UPA CA-021
• AND 1%0
And can many of our
cere. informal
words over i
et? And a churc
firstare,
arta
they
sebacribe so
read, and bom
leave
pastilly
i only sher
nother ste
Каст for
what reasons Komeamo
ova recently bap.
tized her first
born, and dcputy retrove, wer two sons
who are senion pupils.
"! visit the church only on a patron saini's day," Volo
Kitina admitted frankly.
"In arde
to bear whether sher
is anything anti-sovict in the
nons. 1 once tried to
stablish contact with the fath
y, and he then and there
pportunity to ask pernission... aí times to sit
in ai sessions and mi
fetings oftbe ispolkom."
"You did not allon inter
"What elsc!"
Brief, but very claquent indeed. But I liked thai seditious
initiative of the Ust-Hechengsk father superior very
mo miss his chance, dether always skii.
101 miss his chance,
human heart-into another soul.
maybe, is
drawn to us more suongly than to the temple?
... I finished my
DOrEs in
Pryazoverskiy Rayon.
Three of the 17 parishes functi
inz now in Vologods.
kaya Oblast (not countin
ly opened church in
Torma) are in villages in
area. Apparently, i
is for this
conf
Parence of The
failing (
of propaga
rion of the Volozodakiy CPSU abl
here is this kind of a line in the resolurio
ed me such information on the condition: "Not lo
diction . Vero in Velopedaya flat cousi
religious matters in
Vologodskaya
Oblast.
RELIGION
he correspoadent witt the activ.
odskaya cparchy (crocese, turned the key
himself, sajde All informalion of
ecret alamp, so 1 do
I it is not known
The fact of their
of Youth Pull oni
NUDOSSle Tallinn NOLODEZH ESTONII in Russian
Alasps its
(Article by Ve. Grishina, under the rubric «So
aboralory": "Are We Religious.")
vext The process of renewing sociery nas made th
robiem of the human being, his spirituality and mora
sty, param
ount. In this connection a grear deal of allen-
lion is beine given lo questions of the attitude roward
seligiour, the
vcl ol acceptance of relicious culturt, and
its place and role in spiriluai culture and in the life of
contemporary society.
The Scientific Research Center of the Higher Komsomol
School of the All Union Leninist Komsomo' Central Com.
milice cont
cred a sociological sudy on this subject. They
questioned 120 rpa
latives of the youth intelligentsia
ege students in
oscow and Leningrad, is:cluding
chers, engineers,
and representatives of the
creative professions, In addition. young believers in the
non-traditional religious grouping of Hare Krishna were
questioned by the identical methodalogy.
On the basis of the dala received me can say that the
interest in relicion, above all in religious culture and the
ethical side of religious teachings, is quite high among
Ine youth intelligentsia: about 1l percent of all the young
peopie surveyed were lamiliar with religious literature
(mainly the Bible, less commonly the Koran and the
Talmud), and the interest shows most markedly among
she creative intelligenisia.
people are altracted first of all by
the historical
wisdom expressed in
It is interessine
21222
• bladents.
Responding so a question abour the resons for the
preservation of religious feclings, almoss hall of the
respondents agreed with the staiement that in ordinary
idcas there is a mixture of national and religious con-
cepis and that it is ollen impossible to separare national
from religious traditions. Perhaps this is why the growsh
Approved for Rolease
Date
_ AUG 1991.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 795, "chars": 5391, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042352
JPRSUPA-12021
4 April 1989
35
matincal cellure. Thus, 23 percent of the creative youth
fret thas national callure cannor exist withour nligion.
soul riverall 16,1 perceni of the respondenis tole this
quins of view
A fact that draws arsenion is that four percent think that
"form of
RELIGION
While traditional, canonical religious culture attracts the
aliention ef about hall of the respondenis, a majority (80)
perrint) an interested in questions linked 1o mysterious
phenermena of nalure and the human mind (UFIl's.
eckpathy, Ackkinesis, the biofield, and the liks). There is
a munable infatuation with dircam huxss. horeserpros.
furun refling, and the like. Allhough 36 percent con-
sicker all of these things a kind of "game" and something
so du "From toredam." 32 percent of the young peuple
eurveyed link fortune reiling with a hope 1o avoid dan-
gers and ampleasanness and a desire 1o know one's
future, and almost as many say that they have encoun-
sened cases which verified crimin signs, predictions, and
s0 ол.
10 perceal of the yours people surveyed think that in the
pocrse of religion
nant active intcraction
with raciery lacy
aled in sale organs, and
14 percent propou
arganizing broad accees 1o the mass
inlormation media los religious organizations.
It appears that such a "radical" position in part of the
intelligentsia may be caused by a reaction of rejection of
that "achcistic" serotype that has been artificially
imposed for many years. At the same time it is direct
cridence of an inadequalcly mature civic position in
some young people, a result of equating she concepts of
religion and morality, religion and cullure, and so in the
ideas of these young people.
A significani number of respondenis (abour 30 percent)
expressed the opinion thai one of the primary reasons for
the preservation of relizious feeling is shortcomines in
the system of education and indoctrination, which dess
not adequately mold a scientific materialist worldview.
Thus, to the question.
"Did the knowledge received in
these classes help you in realizing and formulating prin-
ciples and goals in life and in scarching for answers to the
questions that
important to you?"'
38 perrenI
answered, "No." and 30 percent were unable 1o give any
answer at all. But this is just one aspect of the general
problem of dchumanization ol the system ol caucation
and indoctrination.
Along with the youth intelligentsis these same questions
wert answered by a group ol young believers. followers
of the Hare Krishna cult. The answers 1o questions abour
she level of teaching of history and liserature are practi-
cally the same for both groups. But i percent of the
helissers gave a negative assessment to the male of the
humanitarian knowledne received in school. If me crm-
sicker that the ranks of the belicvers are filled murst often
hy emotinal, supecstible cypes who are casily mounderi
psychologically, then the damage in their spiritual aurket
that is caused by the mechanical, sercolyped approach
so humanitarian culture could have been the initial
inspcrus 1o withdraw into relipious mysicism. it is nur
merprising fail am absolule majorily (95 percent) of then
shink that religion fosters an awakening of the higher
spiritual principle in people.
I mould lixe 1o point oui one other aspect of the problem
of non-traditional religion. This is that becausc of a
certain
eclecticism
and primitivism
the
so-called
"ncuculis" are unable 1o perform the religious compen-
salory function and cannol serve as a adequate means of
individual social adaptation. Thercforc. politization of
the activily ol non-traditional slizious groups is almost
incvitable. This is confirmed by forcian experience, and
by our own domeslic expericner. Most of the existing
associations which 1o one degree or another have a
neligious (or pseudorcligious) orientation are drawn 10
consolidation. Sieps are being taken 1o work our com-
mon ideas and programs whose purpose is lo form a
political organization of believers, persons united by
"space religion." and so on.
Many Suvict racial scientists are now speaking of the
"need to refine the existing pactices in classifying believ-
ers with religious organizations considering the real
proccases in the idcology and activity of our country s
religious organizations.
" But while rejectinz vulgar athe.
ism which has been imposed on mass consciousness for
many years, me must undersiand that idealized ideas of
rcligion and rcligious organizations are also unwise and
usually result from inadequale theorelical literacy and
humanitarian culturc.
Under cunditions of continued democratization of puh-
lic life in the country the activity of religious organi.
easlions, including the non-traditional ones, will grew.
(Iverall this is natural, and given all the diversity of the
siluation there must he broader interaction mith reli.
pinus eragnivations and groups of believers in the saral.
cultural. and saxinpulitical spheres.
Joint activil! ba!
religious, public, and slate organizations offers an apper.
runity for helrevers so actiove sucial self-nalizatiom nur
'emly in the religious sphere, but also in serving ser ill!
significant problems. Such interaction can help rearient
ehe individual and mold a scientific materialiss arl-
view through concrele activity, through solving joint
problems that are equally important to believers and
non-belicsters.
