{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T05:27:58Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1199315, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05517799.pdf", "source_sha256": "d0c4dc934329e5e8db6d07ef51ad46f889acf690b6ce227b9140d855590ad424"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 166, "chars": 1140, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00611707
STUDIES IN
INTELLIGENCE
STELIGENCE
CENTRAL
Journal of the America Intelligence Professional
This publication is prepared primarily for the use of US government officials. The format,
coverage and content are designed to meet their requirements. To that end, some
issues of Studies in Intelligence each year remain classified and are not circulated to the
public, resulting in numbering gaps in scholarly collections and accounting for
discontinuities in page numbering. These printed unclassified extracts from a classified
issue have been provided as a courtesy to subscribers.
Some of the material in this publication is copyrighted, and noted as such. Those items
should not be reproduced or disseminated without permission.
All statements of fact, opinion, or analysis expressed in Studies
in intelligence are those of the authors. They do not necessarily
reflect officlal positions or views of the Central Intelligence
Agency or any other US government entity, past or present.
Nothing in the contents should be construed as asserting or
Implying US government endorsement of an article's factual
Approved for Release
2/2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1212, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
Hutor and methoddeny of
THE INVESTIGATION OF UFO'S
Hector Quintanilla, Jr.
Unidentified flying objects are not a new phenomenon. In 593 B.C.
Ezekiel recorded a whirlwind to the north which appeared as a fiery
sphere. In 1254 at Saint Albans Abbey, when the moon was eight
days old, there appeared in the sky a ship elegantly shaped, well
quipped and of marvelous color. In 1520 in France there wer
ighted a round-shaped object with rotating lights and two fiery suns
In 1874 in Texas a farmer reported seeing a dark flying object in
the shape of a disc cruising in the sky at a wonderful speed. These
are a mere sampling of the many such events recorded by historians.
The modern era of UFOs, however, can be dated from 24 June 1947,
when a flyer made some strange observations which national news
verage and authors with a poetic license so played up as to exci
ablic entertainment of a notion that our planet had been visit
by unknown vehicles from outer space.
Supersonic Saucers
On that 24 June, Kenneth Arnold was out flying in his private
He hadn't flown more than two or three minutes on this course
when a bright flash reflected on his airplane. He couldn't find where
RELEASED IN FULL

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 413, "chars": 2536, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COO RELEASED IN FULL
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
UFOs
the reflection came from, but to the left, north of Mt. Ranier, he did
observe a chain of nine peculiar-looking objects flying from north to
south at approximately 9,500 feet. They
were approaching Mt.
Ranier very rapidly, and he at first assumed them to be jet aircraft.
Every few seconds two or three of them would dip or change course
slightly, so as to catch the sun at an angle and reflect brightly. They
were too far away for him to determine their shape or formation.
As they approached Mt. Ranier, however, he observed their outline
quite clearly-except that, oddly, he could not find their tails. He
watched them pass the southern edge of Mt. Ranier flying directly
south-southeast down the hog's-back of a range.
Their elevation
seemed to vary by as much as one thousand feet, but they remained
ery near the horizon, therefore around his own elevation. The
lew rather like geese, in a diagonal chain as though they were linke
together. They seemed to maintain their orientation while swerving
in and out of the high mountain peaks.
Arnold estimated the distance from him to the objects at approxi-
mately 25 miles.
Using a Zeus fastener and a cowling tool, he esti-
mated their size to be about two-thirds that of the DC-4. Watching
them pass a high snow-covered ridge between Mt. Ranier and Mt.
Adams, he saw that as the first object was leaving its south crest the
last one was entering its northern crest. Later the length of this
ridge, and therefore that of the chain of objects, was determined to
be about five miles. Arnold timed their flight from Mt. Ranier to Mt:
Adams, 47 miles, at 1 min. 42 sec., a speed of 1,659 miles per hour.
In a subsequent interview with newsmen, Arnold described the ob-
jects as appearing like saucers skipping on water. This description,.
shortened to "flying saucers" by newsmen, gave rise to the popular
term for UFOs. The sighting, like most, was not reproducible tor
purposes of investigation; it involved uncontrollable atmospheric con-
ditions. The Air Force was lett with one man's subjective interpreta-
tion of what he had experienced. Scientists who reviewed Arnold's
sighting concluded that the objects were a mirage. The smooth,
crystal-clear air that he noted indicated the very stable conditions
which are associated with inversions and a high index of refraction of
Ithough Arnold's experience could not be reproduced, anothe
henomenon in some respects similar and observed in the same are
96
RELEASED IN FULL
AFFICIAL HICE ANLY

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1822, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
IC00611707
UFOS
RELEASED IN FULL
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
found a satisfactory explanation. Navy Commander W. J. Young
reported in November 1948 that on several occasions he had seen over
the Willamette valley and the plains of eastern Washington and
Oregon what could easily have been mistaken for flying discs. One
striking example occurred over the Willamette valley on a clear sunny
day when the ever-present blue haze seemed somewhat thicker than
usual. His aircraft was flying at altitudes between 1,000 and 5,000
feet when bright flying objects appeared, some on his beam and others
on the bows or dead head. From time to time they would dis-
appear and new ones appear.
uildings at
lant on ver great die the fry on hide horiz wiperimete grea
visibility, made it appear as though the roof reflections were actually
airborne at various altitudes in the haze. Thus one UFO sighting was
solved by the observer himself. Although there is no uniform pattern
among reported UFO phenomena, some characteristics of one may be
found in others, as in Young's and Arnold's.
Sign and Grudge
Newspaper publicity for Arnold's flying saucers started an avalanche
nisinterpretation of conventional objects, or to space ships under in
elligent control. The military interest touched the fields of air de
fense, R&D, and intelligence, responsibilities vested in many different
organizations.
To end this confusion, the Chief of Staff directed on 30 December
1947 that a project be established to collect, collate, evaluate, and
distribute within the government all information concerning sightings
which could be construed as of concern to the national security. Re-
sponsibility for the project, assigned the code name "Sign," was given
to the Air Technical Intelligence Center. In February 1949 Project
AFFICIAL HSF ANIY
RELEASED IN FULL

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 2011, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COORELEASED IN FULL
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
UFOs
sie, having corepted is ovaluation of the 24 UR cases submite.
vo delinite and conclusive evidence is yet available that would prove
lisprove the existence of these unidentified objects as real aircraft of unknow
with these occurrences.
•. Under wartime conditions, rapid and co
incing solutions of such occurrences are necessary to maintain morale.
military and civilian personnel.
With the backlog of cases disposed of, the project was continued
on a reduced scale and under a new code name, "Grudge." Project
Grudge completed its evaluation of 244 reports in August 1949, relying
heavily on the work of university scientists and other outside con-
Weather Bureau.
The Grudge Report concluded that the UFO sight-
ings signified nothing that would constitute a threat to the national.
security ot the United States, that they were chargeable to misinter-
pretations of conventional objects, a mild form of mass hysteria or
war nerves, and fabrications for the sake of hoax or publicity.
Special Report No. 14
The soothing conclusions of Project Grudge caused very little
comment, and the project was continued on a reduced scale. Never
theless, the fringe of people that still believed in extraterrestrial
visitation was growing with the popularity of science fiction articles
and magazines. In December 1951 a contract was let to an industrial
firm for a detailed study, unclassified, of the UFO cases on file.
It took three years to complete this study.
Meanwhile, in March 1952, the project was given its present name,
"Blue Book."
the UFOs. Some representative titles are The Coming of the Saucers,
Space, Gravity, and the Flying Saucer, Is Another World Watching,
The Flying Saucers Are Real, Flying Saucers from Outer Space, and
Flying Saucers Come from a Distant World. UFO hobby clubs were
ormed throughout the country. Most professed to be studying th
henomena scientifically, but few, if any, had physical or behaviora
98
RELEASED IN FULL
OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 925, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00611707
UFOs
RELEASED IN FULL
-OFFICIAL USE ONLY
scientists on their so-called evaluation committees.
fties it became tashionable to accuse the Air force of censorshi
Page. Following is an extract from their report:
The panel recommended:
That the national security
agencies take immediate steps to strip the un-
adra of mytery hey he ave the spical t aug they have been given and the
One action taken on this recommendation was to establish, within
the Office of Information at the Air Force Secretary's level, an office
to answer public questions and release information regarding UFOs.
Throughout the years, the responsibility for releasing UFO informa-
tion to the public has remained with the Office of Information, Secre
tary of the Air Force.
t wished to remain anonymous in this field of research. It is com
nonly referred to as Special Report No. 14, the first 13 having beer
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
RELEASED IN FULL
99

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1703, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COGRELEASED IN FULL
_OFFICIAL USE ONLY
UFOs
azimuth, and elevation. It records an attempt to build a model of
the typical UFO and an ultimate finding that UFOs come in all sizes,
shapes, and colors. It concludes as follows:
can never be absolutely proven that "Flying Saucers" do not exis
ientifically evaluated and arranged, the data as a whole did not sho
any marked patterns or trends.
Hons of the importa of characteristics of silical gs mins an of the destry
verified example of a
be attained using the present data.
study are "Flying Saucers" is concluded to be extremély small, since the most
complete and reliable reports from the present data, when isolated and
studied, conclusively failed to reveal even a rough model, and since the dat
as a whole failed to reveal any marked patterns or trends.
herefore, on the basis of this evaluation of the information, it is con
idered to be highly improbable that any of the reports of unidentified aerial
bjects examined in this study represent observations of technological de
elopments outside the range of present-day scientific knowledg
Investigation Procedures
Couldbe cive remain un program, o
utlined in 1953 by Air For
(1) To determine if UFO phenomena present a threat to the secu-
rity of the United States.
(2) To determine if UFO phenomena exhibit any technological
advances which could be channeled into U.S. R&D.
(3). To explain or identify the stimuli which caused the observer
to report a UFO.
Our Project Blue Book office at Wright-Patterson has a complement
organizations and' professional individuals. Project Consultant for
the past eighteen years has been Dr. J. Allen Hynek, astrophysicist
100 RELEASED IN FULL
OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1856, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CO0611 7EZEASED IN FULL
UFOs
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
and Chairman of the Dearborn Observatory, Northwestern University.
It is Dr. Hynek, obviously, who has maintained continuity on the
roject, in addition to evaluating all suspected astronomical case
We have used the services of Dr. Charles P. Olivier, head of th
American Meteor Society, in evaluating some suspected meteor cases.
and the Air Defense Command. In suspected balloon sightings we
have called upon local airports, local weather stations, the U.S
Weather Bureau, Holloman AFB Balloon Control Center, the National
Center for Atmospheric Research, General Mills, Raven Industries,
research. For suspected satellite sightings we use the printed Echo
schedules, NASA satellite réports, the Smithsonian North and South
Equatorial Crossings, and the professional services of the Space De
tection and Tracking System.
For suspected missile observations we
Island, Eglin AFB, Holloman AFB, and Green River.
For radar analysis we contact one of our internal organizations.
For photo analysis we use an internal organization but also Kodak
in Rochester, N.Y. On physical specimens we have used the services
of the Air Force Materials Laboratory, Battelle Memorial, the Food
and Drug Administration, Libby Owens, Corning Glass, Institute of
Paper Chemistry, and the Northwestern Geology Department. Nu
nerous other organizations and individuals have helped the projec
in the past. No individual, government agency, or industrial group
has ever refused assistance.
ispected real event that gave rise to each repor
Vro sightings are clapied acedingact the
es of these different categories are sketched belo
Propeller Aircraft
Regular scheduled airliners fly in air corridors, are usually controlled
HALE
being performed. Landing light, blotting out the red and green.
DEFICIAI LISE ANIY
RELEASED IN FULL
.. 101

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 169, "chars": 1115, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00611707
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
RELEASED IN FULL
UFOs
general. Speeds may be slower and duration longer. Altitude usually
ower. No sound it the wind is blowing away from the observer
Duration should not exceed seven or eight minutes unless maneuver
an account for additional time. Normally flight is cleared from som
local airport and not carried on radar plots through FAA; hardest
type to make positive identification of. Evaluation made on reportec
light characteristics consistent with aircratt.
Jet Aircraft
Airliner and high-altitude missions are similar to conventional flights
in visual characteristics with the following exceptions: (1) The color
is most otten reported as red. (2) No sound is associated with the
object. (3) Flight is usually straight or with one turn. Duration is
about three to five minutes, depending upon the length of arc visible.
FAA has designated airways for these flights.
Special low-level military missions are flown at 2,000 feet in known
seen too well to be misinterpreted.
Special test or training missions, varying from a single plane t
102 RELEASED IN FULL
-OFFICIAL HSF ANIK

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 1879, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
! CO06 REZ ASED IN FULL
UFOS
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
Refueling Missions
Here lights on the tanker and the multiple aircraft engaged add
new visual characteristics. Sightings are at night only; daylight
operations would be recognized for what they are.
They may be at
low or high altitude. Multiple lights will be moving around, in
formation, going on and off. The basic light formation will Ay.
straight for a set distance, then may make a 180-degree turn. Dura-
tion in an area may run as high as 15 minutes, but any single pass
should not last more than four or five. Lights may be seen going
one way and then appear on their return path later. The 922 Air
Refueling Squadron at Wright-Patterson furnishes information on
the visual characteristics of night refueling operations, and SAC
recently photographed a refueling mission for the benefit of UFO
analysts.
Refueling operations are controlled and conducted in specific areas.
A "Flight Planning Guide" issued by the Aeronautic Chart and In-
formation Center gives the location of these areas and the agency
controlling each. A phone call to the controller will determine
whether an area was in use at a particular time and what squadro
lew the mission. Then communication with the squadron will give
the number and type of aircraft flown and their entry and exit times.
Photo Aircraft
Aircraft using flare drops for photo work are most often reported
simply as flares.
Similarly, aircraft using strobes to illuminate their
target, which may work at either low or high altitudes, are reported
as a series of evenly spaced flashes. Duration of these sightings is
usually less than two minutes, more frequently 30 seconds.
Infra-red photo planes have turbine generators to drive their equip
nent. These make a whining noise which can be heard above th
clas ad, The peas es used are ence doti esk, van ch is often.
RELEASED IN FULL

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1687, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00611707
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
RELEASED IN FULL
UFOs
Much of the work is done early in the morning, with landing lights
on because of the low altitudes flown.
Advertising Aircraft
Planes towing targets or banners during daylight hours are not
unless the flight were close enough for correct identification. Loca
investigators can check for these aircraft, since FAA regulations re
quire a permit for such flights.
Aircraft with electrically lighted signs have the same essential char-
'acteristics except that they are normally sighted at night. On occa-
sion the sign lights have been mistaken for windows of a much larger
and forth in one area. One usually operates over the same area for
more than one day and can be viewed on successive nights, weather
permitting.
Helicopters
Motion slow, may or may not hover.
It needs to be far enough
away from the observer to escape daylight identification. It may be
reported as a black speck moving back and forth, up and down
During the night weird effects can be caused by the red rotating.
beacon flashing through the canopy. Motion will be erratic if the
flight includes hovering. Positive identification is usually simple to
obtain by checking the flight schedules of military and civilian heli-
copters in the area.
Balloons
Flight characteristics here are affected by meteorological factors.
Wind data is obtained from the Weather Bureau. An Air Weather
Service liaison officer assists in evaluating the meteorological data.
ow-level weather balloons are described in sightings as round o
val, occasionally oblong. The flight may be reported as hovering
rising, zig-zag, or erratic, but the object must be moving with the
RELEASED IN FULL

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 397, "chars": 2388, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Coval
KELEASED IN FUL
UFOS
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
wind. It will be picked up by radar only if a radar reflector is
attached. A frequent time for sightings is at dusk, betore the balloon
disappears into earth's shadow. It is rarely sighted at night: its small
white lights are not visible to ground observers from above 10,000
teet without optical aids. The sighting from planes is usually very
brief, and on occasion even experienced pilots have attributed unusual
motion to balloons.
in upper-air balloon may be described as round or oval, usuall
ilver during the day and orange at dusk. It will appear stationar
or in slow motion. Actually, it moves with prevailing winds at the
altitude-six months to the east and six to the west. It will probably
be picked up on radar and remain in the area long enough to be
identined by aircraft scrambled or diverted for this purpose. Sudden
disappearance is to be expected at dusk, and may be reported as a
zooming off into space. The sun's reflection through folded panels
can give unusual flashing effects.
specific launch any reports attributable to upper-air balloons; this
practice has assisted the scientific community in recovering. some of
Upper air research balloons are launched by military and civilian
agencies for cosmic ray and other studies. These are about 100 feet
in diameter, usually of polyethylene. They can be programmed to
fly at various altitudes between 80,000 and 125,000 feet or higher.
Their appearance may vary with the equipment suspended below and
other attachments, but what is visible from the ground without optical
aids is generally the same for all. The speed will vary with the wind,
from hovering in the same area for some days up to 200 mph in jet
streams. At night the balloon will descend as the gas cools and the
next day go back up to the programmed altitude. It usually carries
a radio beacon which is followed by tracking stations, as well as
running lights and radar reflectors,. Occasionally, multiple balloons
are used to carry heavy equipment.
to identity it. At dawn the balloon may appear suddenly, as it
moves into sunlight, and similarly disappear at dusk.
Earth Satellites
In order for a report to be evaluated as deriving from an artificial
satellite, the following criteria must be met: (1) Time of sighting
must be at night and at such an hour that the vehicle can reflect the
RELEASED IN FULY

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1760, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00611707
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
RELEASED IN FULL
UFOS
sun's rays. (2) Object should resemble a star in visual characteristics.
a of recog of at a 8) Duration competing to dig the
of are through which the object is observed) must be consistent with
satellite orbital velocities:
Satellites are normally reported as star-like moving lights, most
5520523
he beginning or end of the light. The object may appear or di
ppear suddenly. The speed should be about 15° of arc per minut
the average duration three to six minutes.
When a known satellite has a flight path over the observer's area
at the time of the report (only Echo and Pegasus schedules are
screened), and the above considerations are fulfilled, the sighting is
lites in orbit visible to the naked eye. When a reported object
does not correspond with Echo or Pegasus passages but displays the
Astronomical Duents
The most common UFO reports are of astronomical sightings
bright stars, planets, comets, fireballs, meteors, auroral streamers,
and other celestial bodies. When observed through haze, light fog,
moving clouds, or other obscurations or unusual conditions, the
planes selar liens rupter a dares, have been ice red as
Other Categories
There are three other classifications used for UFO reports. An
Insufficient Data category takes care of those in which one or more
elements of information essential for the evaluation are missing—
for example the duration of the sighting, the date, time, location, or
position in the sky, weather conditions, and the manner of appear-
ance or disappearance. If there is any indication that such a sight-
ing may be important from the viewpoint of security, scientific or
technical value, or public interest, every attempt is made to obtain
Ind
RELEASED IN FULL

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 212, "chars": 1402, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
RELEASED IN FULL
UFOs
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
the additional information necessary before placing the report in
this category.
Another category is a catch-all labeled Other. It includes missiles,
reflections, mirages, searchlights, birds, kites, spurious radar indica-
tions, hoaxes, fireworks, and flares.
And finally, a sighting is considered unidentified when a report
Bup aren descritain al the ata necessary to su fest a mad bit sir
phenomenon.
classified in one or another of the seven categories.
fairly average year, the figures were as follows:
Astronomical
Aircraft
Balloon
Insuficient Data
Other
Satellite
Unidentified
Total
... 123
20
99
88
142
19
562
Policeman's Report
One intriguing, classic case of the 19 listed above as unidentified
will also illustrate how widely government agencies, industrial firms,
and individuals cooperate in the UFO project.
Mexico, police otticer,
speeding automobile when he suddenly heard a roar and saw a
flame in the sky to the southwest. He decided to let the speeder
go in favor of investigating the flame, because there was a dynamite
shack in that area and it might have blown up.
He turned right
onto a gravel road that ran by the shack.
As he was driving slowly along the road, Zamora saw above a steep
hill just ahead a funnel-shaped flame, bluish and sort of orange
The base of the flame was hidden behind the hill; there was no smoke
RELEASED IN FULL

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2061, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00611707
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
• RELEASED IN FULL
UFOS
looked like a car turned over; but when he drove closer, it appeared
to be aluminum color, not chrome, and oval-shaped like a football.
Zamora drove about 50 feet along the hill crest, radioing back to
the sheriff's office, "10-44 [accident], I'll be 10-6 [busy out of the
in the car,
in l checking cored do see the are the this point e are.
As he stopped the car, he was still talking on the radio, and while
he was getting out he dropped the mike. He picked it up and
put it back and started down toward the object.
Just then he heard a very loud roar, not exactly like a blast but
not steady like a jet engine. It was of low frequency at first and
hen became higher. At the same time he saw a light blue flame
sort of orange at the bottom. Zamora believes this flame came from
the underside of the object; he could see no smoke but some dust
in the vicinity. He panicked; he thought the object was going to
blow up. In his own words (with slight rearrangements for the sake
of clarity):
As soon as saw flame and heard roar, ... ran away from object but did tur
→ in shape. It was smooth—no window
* some type ike are signa was about inches i and and en
wide, guess. Was in middle of object, like C. Object still like aluminun
[Running], bumped leg on car-back fender area. Car facing southwest.
Fell by car and [sun] glasses fell off, kept running to north, with car betwee
me and object. ... I guess I had run about 25 feet when I glanced back and
aw the object... rise to about level of car, about 20 to 25 feet, guess. Took
• guess, about six seconds when object started to rise and I glanced bac
It appeared about directly over the place where it rose from.
I was still running, ... [then] about 50 feet from car I ducked down, just
over edge of hill.
I stopped because I did not hear the roar. I wa
EE2352222
covering my face with my arms.
silence about the object.
That's when I lifted up my head and saw the object going away from me
mediately across country.
108
RELEASED IN FULL
DEFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 356, "chars": 2058, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
COO RELEASED IN FULL
UFOS
-OFFICIAL USE ONLY
I answered, it looks like a balloon. I don't know if he saw it. If Nep looked
out his window, which faces north, he couldn't have seen it. I did not tell him
at the moment which window to look out of.
As I was calling Nep, I could still see object.
The object seemed to lift up
no smoke or noise.
Feeling in good health. Last drink-two or three beers—was over a month
ago.. Noted no odors. Noted no sounds other than described. Gave direction
of the insignia on the object...
I'hen Sgt.. Chaves came up,
what I saw and that was the burning brush.. Then Sgt. Chaves and I went to
the spot and Sgt. Chaves pointed out the tracks.
When I first saw the object (when I thought it might be a car) I saw what
appeared to be two legs of some type from the object to the ground. At the
time, I didn't pay much attention to ... the two legs. The two legs were al
the bottom of the object, slanted outwards to the ground. The object might
have been about three and a half feet from the ground at that time.
Diagnosis: Unsolved
There is no doubt that Lonnie Zamora saw an object which left
eith an in Pression seins The do also a guer on our
reliability.
a man well versed in recognizing airborne vehicles in his area.
is puzzled by what he saw, and frankly, so are we. This is the
best-documented case on record, and still we have been unable, in
spite of thorough investigation, to find the vehicle or other stimulus
that scared Zamora to the point of panic.
During the course of the investigation and immediately thereafter,
everything that was humanly possible to verify was checked. Radia-
tion in the landing area was checked with Geiger counters from
Kirtland AFB. The Holloman AFB Balloon Control. Center was
checked for balloon activity. All local stations and Air Force bases
were checked for release of weather balloons. Helicopter activity
was checked throughout the state of New Mexico. Government and
length about special activities from his base. Down-range controllers
ANTICIAL LIGE ALIK
RELEASED IN FULL
Inn

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 1093, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00611707
OFFICIAL USE ONLY
RELEASED IN FULL
UFOs
at the White Sands Missile Range were interviewed. Letters were
written to industrial companies engaged in lunar vehicle research
activity. The companies were extremely cooperative, but to no avail
The Ait Force Materials Laboratory analyzed soil samples from the
landing area.
be located. i were alone her neated helicopters or itnerals in the
area. Radar installations at Holloman AFB and at Albuquerque
observed no unusual blips; but the down-range Holloman MTI radar,
the weather was windy but clear.
r the tracks and surrounding area. Laboratory analysis of t
urned brush showed no chemicals that could have been propella
residue.
The object was traveling at approximately 120 miles per hour
when it disappeared over the mountain, according to Lamora's best
guess of the time it took. Not an interplanetary speed, at any rate;
and the findings are also negative for any indication that the Socorro
UFO was of extraterrestrial origin or that it presented a threat to
the security of the United States.
RELEASED IN FULL
Tuni
seven ur overe
