{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T04:46:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 21, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1457949, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05517551.pdf", "source_sha256": "1daedcd2251ed227f0338057730420d5e097982190cd55ead5dfe32518900407"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1708, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
^C00175741
Page: 5
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 1
Classification:
UNCLASSIFIED
Status:
Document Date:
27 Apr 90
Category:
[STAT]
[CAT]
Report Type:
Daily Report
Report Date:
Report Number:
FBIS-S0V-90-084
UDC Number:
Headline: PRAVDA Reports on Gorbachev Urals Visit
Source Line: PM2704154190 Moscow PRAVDA in Russian 27 Apr 90 Second
Edition pp 1-2
Subslug:
[''Mutual Understanding Is the Buttress of Perestroyka.
M.S. Gorbachev's Meetings at Urals Labor
Collectives.''--PRAVDA headline]
PULL. TEXT OP ARTICLB:
I' 'Mutual Understanding Is the Buttress of Perestroyka. M.s.
Gorbachev's Meetings at Urals Labor Collectives.''--PRAVDA headline]
2. (Excerpts) Sverdlovsk, 26 Apr--What needs to be done to live
better, to radically change the socioeconomic situation in the
country? This question arose repeatedly during the meetings of M.S.
Gorbachev, USSR president, general secretary of the CPSU Central
Committee, in labor collectives in the Urals. Today is the second day
of Mikhail Sergeyevich's stay in Sverdlovsk.
3. Yesterday evening at the works management of Uralmash he had a
neeting, lasting hours, with workers, engineering and technical
staff, representatives of the labor collective council, and with the
party
aktiv of the association. Since the auditorium could not
accommodate everyone who wanted to take part in the frank,
controversial conversation, its progress was relayed to the works
square where many hundreds of Uralmash people had gathered.
4. I have a
already spilling out into certain moods. The situation is worrying
US.
5. These last few hours of contacts and conversations with the
337
UNCLASSIFIED
Approved for Release
- 2/2010

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2095, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 6
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 2
Selener gre potentia, had been created and ere bre probe ins
ecology and social tension.
6. M.S. Gorbachev asked the Uralmash people to express their ideas
on this point.
7. Our meeting and my arrival in your oblast, he continued,
precisely coincides with a very important stage in the development of
the economic reform.
reform, and ve have come to understand the country in which we live.
Perhaps in the main we have understood its illnesses which, along
in the economic sphere, new methods of management. Some have
succeeded, others not, and here and there we have
simply
miscalculated.
9. But at all events this was the period which, especially when we
are talking about one of the greatest changes in the country's
history, we have passed through, and now we have the foundations of a
legal order, and
economic experience. We have acquired experience; we
have started thinking differently and we have started talking to each
other differently. An environment has come about in which one can
solidly and radically begin economic reform.
Therefore talk is important, from these angles too. What is
more, I see anxiety. It has appeared both in the press and here. How
are we going to live? And in general it touches precisely upon what
we are going to do in order to live better, so that the situation
should change for the better. Evidently people's patience is already
at its limit. So from that point of view the trip is very important
11. We have conducted two USSR Presidential Councils, joint sessions
of the USSR Council of the federation and the Presidential Council.
We will return to that again, and then, as they say, we will go to
the people in order to weigh everything up thoroughly. Such a change
needs to be made by everybody, together, if we understand each other.
12. I.I. Stroganov, general director of the Uralmash association who
spoke next gave a short description of the enterprise and told of the
tasks and problems facing the collective. [passage omitted]
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 1826, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 7
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 3
apartments on our books, but today there are 12,000 people in the
housing line, because we build housing
ht to g her, bede seo do not vook an uramesh, so obliged to give
14. (Gorbachev) Wherein lies the sickness, and not just that of
"Uralmash, ' but of the other works in the Urals economic region
too?
15. (I.I. Stroganov) We made a major mistake when we created
dditional Jobs; for a time we torgot about the person, about th
ocial base. The regional sickness seems to lie in precisely this
And second. All of us together, we made a real mess of agriculture.
It's the time not to give help, but for everyone to restructure
themselves fundamentally in thís way...
16. (Gorbachev) I noticed that labor productivity is nevertheless
quite decent at your enterprise. Is this linked with modernization of
production, price formation or with the intensification of labor?
17. (Stroganov) Unfortunately with intensification...
18. (Gorbachev) When you say that according to your calculations the
changeover to the new
economic relations could ruin machine-building,
which calculations do you have in mind?
9. (Stroganov) These calculations have been done on the basis oi
he deductions that are being planned: 30 percent to the unior
budget, 27 percent to the republican budget, plus new types of
payment for land, electricity and labor resources. If you add all of
this together, then we are left with less than 30 percent. That is to
say that nothing remains for forming capital funds. And this is a key
question for us.
(Gorbachev) Do you compare your products with similar
competitive models? What is the difference between them?
21. (Stroganov) By way of example I'll say that our quarry excavator
22.
Economics,
-
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1775, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 8
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 4
monopoly of 'Uralmash'' in the production of unique machine building
becopong a mucholy, for The level of our lopit depends not so much
ecoming а топоролу,
pon ourselves as it does in many cases upon a mass of component
nanufactures and actions by suppliers. It is here, at the supplie
broad
best.
23. M.S. Gorbachev asked the deputy director to ansver the question:
What, in his view, causes society's concern when the question arises
of the radicalization of reforns and of us having to take consistent
and major steps toward a market economy? What has frightened people
and caused alarm?
It seems to me,
market economy.
25. It cannot avoid falls in the volumes of production and
unemployment. I believe that these two factors are the chief ones.
They, most of all, are making people worried.
26. (M.S. Gorbachev) But if it is a case of having to take this
path, and I have understood from the speeches here and from numerous
conversations during the visit to the enterprise, that everyone
realizes that this is the path we have to take, then it is necessary
for everything to be thought through and weighed up beforehand, for
everything to be discussed. The essence of matters should be known
not only at the center, it should be understood not only by economic
personnel. Ordinary people and work collectives should understand
precisely what it is all about.
21. We do not wish to rush headlong into the market, and such an
approach is unacceptable to us. The transfer should be carried out on
the basis of a considered policy.
We must, particularly in the
initial stage, have a grip on this process and regulate it by means
See are to ten pete pact a preder
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2139, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-C00175741
Page: 9
Of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 5
employed outside of manufacturing is greater than the number working
in material manufacturing. In other words, everything here is stil
the other way around.
hall keep our promise. When ve are ready to talk with peonle. wher
measures, we shall submit them to society's judgement. They will have
to be worked out in each region, in each labor collective.
From the hall the request was heard for an opinion on the latest
publications in the press about the so-called economics of shock
therapy Polish-fashion.
_(M.S. Gorbachev) So the press has frightened people? From this
hall, from Sverdlovsk, the whole press must be told, and the
Journlists who are here present must learn and tell others: In these
ratters particularly well-considered judgements are needed
cary only the desent of alarma
32. The speech by A.R. Sagalovich, head of mechanical workshop No.
15, touched on an important aspect of radicalization of the reform.
In my opinion, he said, enterprises are entering the market economy
by various paths. Ihis means it is necessary to take into account the
state of the basic assets of each specific plant. Some have more worn
assets and other newer ones.
33. Ioday there is a leasehold lav. But often, when the division of
money in the collective begins according to the coefficient of the
share of vork, the system does not work. Where people are good the
does not operate.
34. In order to advance further, the question needs to be asked
regarding the role of the manager, the organizer of production and
the specialists, and regarding the responsibility for the course of
economic reform
and his role in the course of that reform.
35. (M.S. Gorbachev) And don't you feel remote tremors in connection
with reform and a change in the situation: That it is already
necessary to prove one's right and entitlement by competence,
conscientiousness, and
the capability to work better? For soon
everybody will have to prove this. Does not such a way of putting
hings have an effect on discipline, on responsibility, and on
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2027, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 10
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
conscientiousness?
Page 6
in the old
fashion. But further work must be carried out in
accordance with some other system.
37. Yu.F. Chebotarev, head of the social-cultural-service
directorate of "Uralmash, ' devoted his speech to the difficult
problens of his work. In part he raised the question oi this area's
unprofitability. As an exmaple the cost of a square meter of new
housing was brought up. It increases with each passing year, but the
payment per square meter is fixed as previously. They have tried to
touch on this question but have received a decisive rebuff from the
(M.S. Gorbachev) How much housing do you have and what is the
subsidy for maintaining it?
39.
(Yu.E Chebotarev) The subsidy from the works is almost R7
million...
40. (M.S. Gorbachev) Obviously many people would agree to take
apartments as their own property?
41. (Yu.F. Chebotarev) There is such an initiative, however the
right of such a transferral has not yet been given to the local
soviets.
42. (M.S. Gorbachev) But this concerns your housing-- departmental.
43. (Yu.F. Chebotarev) Departmental--yes it's departmental, however
there are
many complicated issues here.
44.
(M.S. Gorbachev) But this is a matter of handing them over for
free. The apartments are received, people live according to the norn.
le are not talking about those who are waiting. Their situation, of
course, must be improved. But those whose housing corxesponds to the
norms should have it given to them as their own property, for free.
And let them maintain their apartments themselves and pay for this
themselves. Por comrades, when we say that rents here are low--this
is an artificial approach. They reduced wages--and at the expense of
this they made housing cheap.
Naturally, this does not concern people in need, poor people.
The state is bound to take care of them. But as regards the basic
mass it is possible to act in this way. But then, when someone
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 314, "chars": 2032, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
^C00175741
Page: 11
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 7
realizes that it is his own apartment, then he will maintain it in a
lifferent way. And the housing stock will be in a completel
lifferent condition. Especially our entrances.
already gone.
47.
We are used to: This is free, that's free--and people do not see
their wages anyway. Now if they were to receive them in full and pay
for everything themselves, then it would be a completely different
matter.
48. Apart from this, what does receiving housing as property mean?
It means: People have received property. One person, two, many. That
is, market relations appear in society.
49. So far this does not exist here. But the question must probably
be considered properly.
secounted That at Tradesh a me ed-kers Intacksey later effort
and fervor had dropped sharply recently. At present the workers who
work well, quite honestly, do not understand who benefits by the
creation of
artificial obstacles to prevent them from working even
better and to higher standards, and receiving worthy remuneration for
this.
(M.S. Gorbachev) I want to support your concern. The concept of
producing more and better in conditions of economic reform by a
smaller number is a key
' one. We have been throttled by egalitarianism
(uravnilovka]. If we don't properly value the labor of the worker,
collective farm worker, teacher, doctor and engineer, but keep on
assessing it according
to the scale and the rate, we will not move
formot car you ban mold on oper her surgungrade ances.
But a surgeon does not possess any rights to encourage a specialist
who, in his opinion, is worthy of a professor's wage.
52.
And What happens: Such a nurse leaves the team and the whole
cycle of complex operations falls apart. There is a similar picture
everywhere.
53. In science also remuneration is according to ranks an‹
legrees--seniors, juniors and scientific assistants. But the
contribution to the common cause over a year, over the last five
UNCLASSIFIED
:

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 420, "chars": 2691, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 12
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 8
years, which a man has contributed to, hardly bothers anyone. But if
his work was noticed because, according to the contract, some amount
was received thanks to this, then in any case it was divided equally.
54. Let us agree: It is necessary to initiate a resolute struggle
against egalitarianism [uravnilovkoy], beginning with every workplace
and every working operation. Otherwise we will deprive ourselves of
the opportunity of constantly deriving benefit for society from the
energy of talented people. Having thanked the USSR president in the
name of the collective for visiting "Uralmash, '' P.N.
Tobolor,
chief of a workshop, drew M.S. Gorbachev's attention to the labor
conditions of association's metalworkers. In the last year alone the
shop has lost 150 high-class specialists. Some have left because of
the poor working conditions, others because of the low pay.
55. A very great number of women are already working at our
enterprise, V.F. Boyankin, a smith from section number 37, noted.
They are working on a sliding rotation, meaning that it includes
night shifts. What does a woman who works on a sliding rotation feel?
You can already imagine, the worker added, for you have seen our
furnaces.
56. (M.S. Gorbachev) In general, the situation of women, above all,
is an indicator of the fact that our society needs changes. Let us
acknowledge this honestly. Take just the USSR Presidential
Council--there are no women there. Take the other leading
bodies--it's the same dismal picture. But on the other hand, they are
working in places where there shouldn't be any women at all, in hot
workshops, on a three-shift system. [passage omitted]
Summing up the results of the meeting M.S. Gorbachev said: Here
in the Urals huge masses of people are concentrated, who are dealing
with tasks in the economic, scientific and defense spheres that are
of importance for the country. And that role which Sverdlovsk and its
labor collectives are playing, and your anxieties and concern, all
this has made us come here. I think I as the president and the
general secretary of the CPSU Central Committee, and other members of
the Soviet leadership ought to pay more attention to the Urals.
te per roya sen one a to a det, tong that are de very get
importance for the destiny of the country. And what people are
thinking, the way they are assessing the situation and the thigns
they consider necessary to be done, all this is very important now.
59. You obviously realize that I have a position of my own and my
own convictions. And nevertheless through all the years of my life
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 2787, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 13
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 9
and work I have believed in the following method: Any decision ought
to be checked agianst the opinion of the working people, no matter
how one assesses it oneself. This is a most important condition for a
policy to be right and for fewer losses and mistakes to be made.
60. When we began perestroyka we saw our society in one light.
Having gone more deeply into it, we began to understand that minor
repairs alone, repainting, a change in wallpaper, will not do.
Changes were necessary everywhere and very serious ones--in the
economy, in the federation, in the party, in the soviets, in culture
and in the whole spiritual
sphere, with the aim of ennobling society
and creating normal living conditions for people.
61. We have now approached the stage of adopting major decisions. It
was for this reason that I decided to come to you, knowing the
potential of the Urals--human, intellectual, scientific and cultural.
I see this meeting as support and interpret your opinions in relation
to our policies and to the actions of the center as a desire to
attrac the leadership's attentions, so that it does not overlook
anything serious.
62. It is true that people have not been able to do without demagogy
either, in several conversations. But demagogues also make use of
democracy and even more so than we do. It should, however be the
other way around: That all sensible people and responsible people in
our society should make use of glasnost and democracy and genuinely
take pover into their own hands.
63. In this sense I would like to answer the question raised in the
discussions and the notes--how does the country's leadership and how
do I personally view the working class' role at the current very
important stage of society's development.
The party will not be able to achieve the implementation of its
policy and to march in the vanguard of change unless it bases itself
upon the working class. I am greatly alarmed by the fact that 12
workers resigned from the party today. I would not say: It's the
nature of the present time; some come others leave. I would ask both
the works party conmittee and ordinary party and works comrades to
meet with them and try to understand what the matter is. The
country's leadership is pinning its hopes on an active contribution
by workers into all our attairs. And not merely at the machine,
although I agree with the comrades who say that it's time we finished
with meetings and discussions and started active and productive work.
The discussions will probably continue, but the center of gravity
ought to be shifted to implementing policy in all spheres. And we are
counting on the support of the working class everywhere.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 2900, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 14
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 10
65. It is a pity that at the elections of USSR and Russian
Pederation
people's deputies, and even at those to local soviets,
many workers have been squeezed out. To put it frankly: the soviets
will only lose from it. Perhaps they should think of setting up
consultative bodies which the most front-ranking and active workers,
faithiul to the cause of the renewal, would join. secondly: Give an
account to labor collectives of all they do. Without such a link,
neither the soviets will work as they should, not will the workers be
satisfied.
66. We must introduce this kind of a 'correction coefficient,' and
also think about why many workers withdrew their candidacies and
refused to participate in the pre-election struggle, and ask
ourselves whether it was because it was taking place in such a form
that this was discouraging from them. One must learn from this. One
mustn't allow the soviets, which to some extent, I would say, no
longer fully represent the working class and peasantry, to find
themselves cut off from life and from people's real concerns.
67. My main point in my answer on the role of the working class in
the current crucial time is this: If the working class remains apart
from the political processes, or at least does not take up a very
active role, perestroyka will lose, we will be marking time. I want
us to understand this. More opportunities for the working class to
take a more active role have come into being today. Both the trade
unions, the labor collectives councils and other social and economic
nechanisms need to be used so that the working class may influence
everything which now occurs.
68. Purther, M.S. Gorbachev answered questions from Uralmash
workers.
Answering a question about individual housing construction,
he stressed the necessity to meet people's initiatives halfway in all
ways possible and to give them the maximum help including the use of
enterprises' resources. A real opportunity now exists to accelerate
housing construction and I have several proposals on this count. I
would ask local bodies to concern thenselves with the allocation of
land for individual housing construction. It is also necessary to
give land for gardens and vegetable gardens so that those who wish
to, may grow all that they need for themselves. This has both a
social and educative significance, and a significance in relation to
foodstuffs. A man on the earth, communing with the earth, is a quite
different man.
M.S. Gorbachev read out the following question: 'In my view,
the open letter of the CPSU Central Committee on consolidation based
on principle, contradicts the principle expounded in your Lenin
speech. This principle is closer to me as an ordinary party member. I
know your style fairly well thanks to the mass media and it seemed to
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 385, "chars": 2313, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
*C00175741
Page: 15
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 11
me that you personally did not participate in the composition of the
open letter. Is this so?'
There are messages from your works among them as well. Gatherings and
conferences express anxiety about the party's fate and about
reparing properly tor the congress so that it can cope with the
tasks being placed before it, both from the point of view of the aims
of perestroyka and from the
enhancing the vanguard role of the CPSU.
71.
could discuss them, express critical remarks and go to the congress
with good ideas and proposals which would strengthen the party and
give it a new, attractive look. And as well, so that communists might
72. It may be that as yet not everything is working out, but the
direction,
taken is the correct one.
invited Communists to come forward with alternative platforms. We are
for freedom of thought,
for the juxtaposition of points of view. We
have published
"'Democratic Platform,' then the 'Platform For a
Marxist Party''--go ahead, comrade Communists, and discuss them!
73. But why were we obliged to write that letter, against what?
Communists were worried by the fact that, instead of consolidation,
to all intents and purposes work had begun to split the party. This
was no longer the struggle of opinions, the juxtaposition of points
of view, the search for the real truth, no longer consolidation but
rather an attempt on the eve of the congress--or perhaps at the
Congress itself--to split the party. At this responsible and crucíal
stage in the development of the country, the state and society, we
cannot allow the force which is the CPSU to be put in jeopardy. So
the letter is directed against splitters, not against those who
to ail zen that Committee meiders and to for do seeretarsed ot kray and
oblast committees. They contributed their remarks, and then the
question arose: Ii someone criticizes the platiorm and the drait
rules, what then? Should this comrade be removed from the party? If
that were the case we would have had to start with the first
secretary of the CPSU Moscow City Committee Yu.A. Prokofyev, given
that he voiced some serious critical remarks as
far back as the
Politburo meeting on the draft of the platform. Of course not!
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 427, "chars": 2675, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 16
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 12
4. We are talking about people who are heading toward a split. A
he present responsible stage the darty cannot fulfil its vanguar
chose a hare Propose the Marist PerFore rappering and
points of view things must be done in such a way that the congress is
able to fulfill its task.
75. Replying to a question about possible versions of the
development of events in Lithuania, M.S. Gorbachev said: Ve hope to
arrive at a political resolution of the problem. But I must say to
you and to the country that we are up against a leadership which is
displaying adventurism and is speculating on democracy. For, even for
- or aren for
the simplest matters
proposals are prepared which are subjected to
preliminary examination in the soviets and are then put forward for
people to discuss and it is only after this that decisions are made.
Here,
however, in deciding a basic question of the fate of the
republic and of the people living in it, a question affecting the
whole population of our multinational state -the deputies assembled
at night, raised their hands and made the decision. This does not
come within any framework of democracy.
76. I think that the Third USSR Congres of Peoples Deputies acted
correctly, and we--the president and the government--have only the
mandate of the Congress: The constitutional structure should be
restored. It is necessary to return to the position which existed in
the republic on 10 March, and examine the question after this.
Otherwise, what will happen? What will happen to the people who wish
to return
to their own republics (non-Lithuanians--there are about
700,000)? What will be the fate of the Belorussian lands? Further for
500 years Klaipeda was in German hands and as a result of the war was
transferred to the USSR and, insofar as Lithuania was a part of the
USSR it was united with that republic. Today the people of
Kaliningrad
are putting forward the proposal to unite Klaipeda with
their oblast.
forteen currency le shaddiscuss her cor the paid roe? in
process'' what will be needed is first of all a referendum. It is
necessary to find out what people will say, and the Lithuanians are a
very sensible people, a cultured and educated people. Let them give
some thought as to which path to follow. In my opinion there is an
increasing number of sober voices there now.
People's thirst for an
independent [samostoyatelnyy] Lithuanian state can also be satisfied
within the framework of the relations of the federation. The
important thing is to tackle all of these questions in a normal and
constitutional form.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 391, "chars": 2433, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 17
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Docurent 8 of 12
Page 13
Thus, we shall not retreat from the mandate of the Third USSR
Congress
of Peoples Deputies.
79. A question has come in about the islands of the Kuriles ridge.
We have no superfluous land. We shall adhere to the helsinki
positions--the recognition
of postwar realities, including the
inviolability of borders.
80. There was the following question, too: Does the government study
such phenosena as unidentified flying objects. The president replied
that as far as he vas avare there exist scientific collectives
engaged in studying such phenomena.
81. Ihis question came in: ''Why, in your opinion, does Comrade
Yeltsin enjoy great authority in the Urals and at Uralmash, but not
with the government?'
82. M.S. Gorbachev replied: I have already been asked in the streets
what my attitude is to B.N. Yeltsin. There was the time when I
invited the first secretary of the Sverdlovsk oblast party conmittee
and Central Committee member to transfer to work in the Central
Committee. We needed somebody in charge of the construction
department, and Comrade Yeltsin, besides his party experience, had
experience of construction, for he is a builder by education. He
agreed and got actively involved in that work. Then, when the need
to tackle the question of the first secretary of the Moscow conmittee
came up, the choice was for Boris Nikolayevich. I presented him and
recommended him on behalf of the Politburo and tried to support him.
He set about the job ardently at first, but events developed in such
a way that the situation in the city party organization grew tense.
In the summet, when I was on holiday, he raised sharply the question
of his resignation from that post. I
said: I'll come back and we'll
have a chat. My aim was simple: to cool passions, so that Comrade
Yeltsin could continue working. But Boris Nikolayevich did not heed
this advise and insisted on being relieved, since he did not want to
work in such an atmosphere. I do not think he had sufficient
arguments.
It was some kind of whim, strictly speaking, and that 1
ust how the Central Committee saw it. But you have read all this--
published the story of this matter in full.
83. I was convinced that he had to be kept and I tried to keep this
should be used in a ministerial post and that he should continue his
activity in the Central Committee.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2209, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 18
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 14
84.
There are all manner of turn-arounds in life. We took account of .
some of B.N. Yeltsin's qualities which had already been revealed when
he was here--you know his style better than I do--but we thought that
the Moscow party organization and the responsibility would ''grind
all that down'' and the excesses would go. That did not happen. Then,
in my opinion, he chose the course which was not the best and set off
on the course of confrontation.
85.
What are we getting from him! Nothing except a full dose of
that is the right of every member of the Central
Committee, and deputy, his right. But it seems to me now that his
potential
as a political figure nonetheless is not great. His pxogram
and his speeches are known to me. If they are taken in succession, it
is like an old played-out record, a collection of theses: The
leadership is living out its term,
it has exhausted itself, torn
itself away from the people and so on and so forth. If one takes the
criticism by itself, it is of some use, all the same. However, I
cannot agree with his indiscriminate accusations directed toward the
leadership of the country, toward the party and the Central
Committee.
86. What he touches upon requires serious political analysis. While
remaining principled, critical, demanding, one must behave
responsibly oneself. Boris Nikoalyevich is speculating upon the
difficulties, upon
but one can and must act in order to draw lessons, to turn the matter
round, and not speculate upon the difficulties from demagogic
positions. I think that here, boris Nikolayevich has got carried avay
and is not at all able to get off this destructive track.
FEREE
All that does exist,
87. Of course, you understand; That it is only because I am in
Sverdlovsk and you are asking me about it that I have given such a
detailed reply. On the whole, 1 have never delved deep
into these
do not like them. Today, we need to get things done,
not engage in slogans and promises. 1 think probably something should
be said about privileges. We ought to get to the point where there
''special benefits''--are being resolved.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 2796, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 19
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 15
workers, ofticials or the intelligentsia. Salaries for Politburo
and for secretaries of the CPSU Central Committee were R800,
but in conjunction with this it was possible to order provisions up
to a value of R400. And there were a number of other concessions. Now
we have handed over all the dachas: In one case to veterans, in
another for children,
in a third case for medical purposes, in a
fourth for holiday homes.
89. From now on all this will be decided at the Supreme Soviet, as
is the case in all states. As far as the top two or three people ar
concerned, the Supreme Soviet will have to pass an official decisio
on what level of salary to set and what conditions are attached, and
then publish this infornation for everyone to know. The main
criterion is that everything should be assessed in terms of salary,
and from there on one lives as the rest of the country lives.
90. Now we have got as far as personal pensions and personal
transport. This all needs to be thought through.
I shall tell you
frankly: We are of a mind to impose strict order.
91. What should be the state's first concern? Particularly deserving
people--veterans, regardless of whether they are party members or
not--and families with many children. Much has already been done in
these six months. This work has proved to be not simple. The fact is
that the system of privileges is to be found practically everywhere.
Pox example, all the creative unions build holiday homes. And what is
the situation in manufacturing industry? Industrial workers
themselves have earned the money to build their own social
tacilities. At Uralmash, Let's say, who makes use of the holiday
homes, the convalescent homes or the hunting lodges or whatever-is
It all the workers or only the bosses? In other words, are there
privileges here too or not? People argue over this. And I think: Let
92. The main criterion is the same: Bverything should be evaluated
according to the labor contribution of each person--worker, peasant,
member of the intelligentsia, scientist, cultural worker and state
official.
93. Now, if you will permit me I shall say a few words about the
allegations that Gorbachev has an account in a Swiss bank and pays
his royalties into it. I must disappoint those who love rumors: All
ot my royalties go into the party tunds. This includes the royalties
for the book ''Restructuring and the New Thinking For Our Country and
For the Whole World,'' which has been published in many countries. I
put a million rubles into the party funds and did not take one kopeck
Ior myselt. I sent R350,000 to Irkutsk Children's Hospital, handed
100,000 dollars to the Russian Children's Clinical Hospital for very
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 417, "chars": 2547, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-C00175741
Page: 20
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
PBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 16
sick children. Raisa Maksimovna acts as patron of that hospital and
helps it to develop in such a way that children from all over the
Arent To the c a a Parague, 50, 00 20 ten pald
Azerbaijan. Royalties for that book are still coming in. What I do
with them you can see from this ''account' that I have given.
94. And, of course, there are no bank accounts in existence
anywhere. It is demeaning and simply shameful even to reply to these
abrications. It pains me as a person that at times people stoop to
such a vulgar level of, literally, narrow-mindedness, using suct
clumsy fabrications for political ends.
95. Many serious issues in urgent need of resolution have
accumulated in our country. And it is necessary to approach all of
them in a responsible manner.
96.
But the main thing is to show, from the example of our vast
country, that socialism is capable
: of carrying out deep
transformations within the framework of democracy and legality. It
is necessary to do everything to avoid confrontation in society and
even more so to avoid
civil war, violence, Illegality and arbitrary
actions. The rule of law must prevail. No more organizing of
witch-hunts or sowing of hatred in the quest for an enemy must be
permitted.
97. Can the fate of Russia lie in this? Can one arrive at a
democratic and humane socialism via new lawlessness? No! I am
convinced that in our country we must do everything in a good way.
What is needed is patience and restraint. Some people make this
appeal to me: Mikhail Sergeyevich, bang your fist! Others say: Give
the order to strike at the headquarters. Dear comrades, we are
leveloping the democratic process and the construction of a Lar
›asea state so that the peopie, themselves, should decide all the
very important questions via the institutions of democracy and
democratic processes in the party. But to strike with one's fist
means failing to escape from the vicious circle.
We must become a civilized country. That is what our peoples
ho have suffered so much and have done so much for history and fo
the entire world, are worthy of. After all, without our socialist
contribution the world would be different today.
And now, if perestroyka is victorious, there will be an entirely
different world. If we lose--even though I
think that we won't lose,
simply our path may turn out to be more or less painful--the world
will change for the worse. I know for a fact that you will no longer
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 432, "chars": 2707, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-C00175741
Page: 21
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Docurent 8 of 12
Page 17
return our people to the old life and you won't shut them up. The
oxygen which our society has received as a result of denocratization
and openness is what our people and each
person needs.
100. That path of changes on such a scale is difficult, not
everything succeeds as planned. And ve make errors, and we endure
them, we endure them in a human way. But there is no return to the
past, our people have already gone through too much for them to be
muzzled again. Indeed they themselves will not permit this. That is
the main thing which I would like to say in conclusion. I hope dear
Uralmash workers, that you maintain your reputation at a high level
and maintain your character.
without you the country cannot live,
just as you cannot live without the country. And in this spirit of
mutual understanding let's part. I wish you great success, we will
help one another also in future! (Applause)
101. Perestroyka is, first and foremost, the individual and concern
for his vital needs. It is not by chance
that the attention of M.S.
Gorbachev, who on Thursday continued his visit to Sverdlovsk, was
drawn to the blocks of the country's first youth housing complex.
¡passage omitted, The problem of Ioodstutts in the country, including
the Urals, is as acute. How can it be solved most quickly in the
interests
of Soviet people? This was the subject of a conversation
between the USSR president and shoppers and sales people in one of
the city's supermarkets.
M.S. Gorbachev was
interested to know which foodstuffs and
goods it was possible to buy, and what presented particular
difficulties. The people complained in particular about the lack of
fruit. Here the line is as follows, M.S. Gorbachev said: The city
should have enough storehouses and conclude agreements about
deliveries from southern republics. There will be no other means.
It's not good that there is no reliable center for storing fruit and
vegetables in Sverdlovsk. It is not good for such a city to live on
handouts on what's being
supplied to it.
I know storehouses are
being built here, but evidently things are progressing slowly.
103. On Sverdlovsk's main square--named after the 1905
revolution--the USSR president and CPSU Central Committee general
secretary laid flowers at the V.I. Lenin statue. A conversation with
war and labor veterans on the glorious traditions of the Urals and on
the valor and loyalty to their homeland of its sons and daughters.
104. I cordially greet you, dear veterans, Mikhail Sergeyevich
addressed them, especially on the eve of the 45th anniversary of the
freedom and ideals, its due.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 2028, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 22
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
• Document 8 of 12
Page 18
105. N.I. Mikhailova-Gagarina, a veteran of the airborne assault
troops, entered the conversation. We are proud of what we have lived
through, she said, noticeably nervous. We thank the state for its
care of us. Mikhail Sergeyevich answered: The optimism, confidence
and calmness of the veterans always attracts me. [passage omitted]
106. We need, M.S. Gorbachev said, to renew society and more fully
open up the possibilities of the socialist system and increase the
party's authority by deeds. And we will certainly preserve our ideals
and spiritual values, we will carry the banner of our cause high.
are the be water, an are repared to age eil sey say, the
ourselves, of course, must investigate our party base. It someone has
decided to act differently today, let him act as his conscience
asker econor in the country and hit opinion or te drat ave betag
prepared and the means for improving the economy. There was a
detailed and frank conversation on
109.
One of the questions, outside of the general framework, went
like this: Why are talks not being conducted with Lithuania!
110. -We conduct talks with other states--Mikhail Sergeyevich
answered--but we consider Lithuania a Soviet republic. It you
remember the question was put precisely in this way at the Third USSR
Congress of People's Deputies. And you and I, in the face of the
Congress decisions, are in an identical situation.
I11. The Urals has from time immemorial forged weapons for the
defense of the homeland. A poverful defense potential has ben created
12. An exhibition of consumer goods set out at one of th
nterprises which is undergoing conversion, the Ural:
Blectro-Mechanical Works, shows how this difficult process is
proceeding. M.S. Gorbachev looked around the exhibition.
113.
He assessed the creative work of the engineers, designers, and
workers by whose efforts high-quality competitive civilian products
are being produced.
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 292, "chars": 1970, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00175741
Page: 23
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 19
Important,
modern models of medical apparatus, household electronics, and video
equipment.
It was emphasized in the conversation that it was
Important for these items to be put into mass production more quickly
und that they should become not just exhibition display items but
goods which everyone can buy.
115. A detailed dialogue about the problems being tackled by Soviet
scientists and about the development of the scientific potential and
of the Urals took place at the Institute of Metals Physics of the
Urals Scientific Center.
116. Leading representatives of virtually all branches of science
had assembled here for the meeting with the USSR president.
117. Opening the meeting, G.A. Mesyats, chairman of the Presidium of
the Urals Scientific Center and vice-president of the USSR Academy of
Sciences, dvelt in detail on the main activities of the Urals branch
of the Academy, which now unites 38 scientific institutions, special
design bureau for scientific instrument making, and a number of
engineering centers.
118. The majority of those who took part in the exchange of views
drew attention to problems of the development of fundamental science,
having noted the need to raise its prestige, renew the material base,
and strengthen higher educational establishments. In particular, it
was pointed out that the interests of the development of fundamental
science and the results of the introduction of market principles in
the economy are now entering into a contradiction. A firin legislative
base, which removes this tendency, is necessary, the speakers
believe.
119. It was said also that the scientists' limited opportunities for
developing international contacts is one of the factors restraining
progress in science and research.
country. The Urals have taken on too many of foe court con morrie
uring the vears that were difficult for il
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 693, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-C00175741
Page: 24
of 30
UNCLASSIFIED
FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1990
Document 8 of 12
Page 20
increasing capacities and labor resources.
121. In this hall I have heard much that is useful and interesting,
M.S. Gorbachev stressed. Now, according to him, is precisely the
moment for everyone together
to think soundly about things, including
the question of how it came to pass that such a oblast, has found
itself with such old capital stock.
122.
, Responding to the addresses by the scientists, M.S. Gorbachev
noted that he shares their concern over the state and fate of
fundamental science in the Soviet Union.
15.actee ten are copants inite petinge in deepsed by M.s.
UNCLASSIFIED
