{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T01:13:14Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 749597, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516227.pdf", "source_sha256": "565294204572c93e9ed29b053da30e09c75165bf0451913c42f6f164095133fe"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 706, "chars": 4887, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042351
Harlish sammaries al Ninj Aricies
WN t0(1sh Mererm NARCM)Y .N211 | AFRIKI IN
aten mer, inaus distentions est sexcialiss prencuples en
wir asjan rpahlics camo lu lichi, thrs purslid ma
cerises t sial wicaces and parts wnrkers. unmask
complexily and comiradictions of the real socialism and
#THINTRIES IF ASIA: STATE MILKY i jes mays.
IS SMALL BUSINESS
AKHIN :
cy the stale actionly influences the
small enterprise, rasuring in fact er, tel
alution for all sectors of tronomy, in
«tivities, as canceras deliveries of Terce
arion of investmacals, sraining of qualifico
nd the raration. bath direct and indirest.
necessity of
real of sci.
capital-intensior
would pay
emselvts in the long ru
ping countries of
finally surrrru in finding
a compromise sale.
rion that foresers in the king-le
perspective a join of
incrrasing quantities of living and malerialized labour.
ir. is hased in combination of labour..
capital- and
cience-intensist produrtions
and intended for
well.
bulamore growih uf small-scale, big capitalist and slate
aciors.
From this point, the experiener of Asian couneries is of a
artlin importancr for developing small (in particular.
co-opcrative) sertor in the WISSR. The recently adopied
laws on the siate enterprise. the co-operation and the
individual labour activilics meant a lezal acknowiedge.
meni of such objertive reality as the multi-sector nalure
of Sovist cconomy. However, the perestroyka in general
has nos shaken the monopoly of state property, and this
makes possible negalive processes in economy 10 grow
without hindrance. The state sector still says apart from
any rumpetition. Unly scondary roles are still assigned
conperative and self-employed
workers.
In the
existing conditions they are not able to organize any
importani production while co-operators could success.
fully ensure, for instance, a small-series production of
mini-traciors, mini-combines, clectronic equipment and
clertrolechnical derices, as mrll as the small enterprises
performa this function in practically all countries of Asia.
But this way is still firmly blocked by a deep-roled
dogma in our conscurusness that proxlaimed the stare
property lo is a priors the height if periection.
STANDARD OF NON-CAPITALIST DEVELOP.
MENT
M.A. XXLIMOV
One cold nor deny shal the building of socialism in
majorily of socialist-oriented sales was realized under
arong influence of the sovies experience which was
advocaled by our theorists as the basic model of
acgalive
nocialise period, the herirags of feudalism. The anicke
acrutinizes a key problem of this herilage- the conser-
vation and funcrioning of the traditional socicly in
sovkt Arian republics.
The socialism built under Stalin's direction was irscif a
madel oi icudal community. its fearures were parer-
nalism, hictarchic and caste siructurc, use of a powcríul
compulsion machinery, In Central Asian republics the
hierarchy of Stalin's socialism joined the hierarchy of the
old feudal system. inslilutes of traditional sociery which
still remain attractive for masses, in the cpoch of slag-
nation became a good camouflaze for money-frubbing
and comruprion. Forcibly spread wazs-levelling also con-
tributed to the conservation of the feudal type commu.
nily. The wagc-evelling of the barrack-like socialism was
close by nature 10 the feudal levelling and therefore
easily 100k ruot in mass conscience.
AFRICA. DIFFERENT ORIENTATIONS AND
COMMON PROBLEMS. ON SOCIAL AND ECC.
NOMIC POLICY IN COUNTRIES OF ALTERNA-
TIVE ORIENTATIONS
Yu. V. POTYOMKIN
Scepticism
towards possibilities of socialist-orienied
policy in developing cruntries.
which became wiel.
spread larcly among Soviel rescarchers. is a sort of
rermactive reaction lo the overestimated realities in the
past. However,
considering the capitaliss and the
sexcialist orientations of derrlopment
out should not
exacesrale their differrace, which is strict enough in the
political and ideological fuckd hut is tess impurtant in the
social and economic sphere.
This is quite natural.
because the main tasks of overcuming hackwardness
faced by dencloping countries are similar if not identical.
Their essence is the acoclerated creation of she porential
for this overcoming, all possible devclopment of produc-
five forces, both material and human. This cincumsiance
nevitably reduces the social and cronomic differina
tween the two altemative lines to mon-significan
cialism. They mole pils of morks prerending 1o giv
nalysis of the non-capilaliss way of eerclopment i
(cutral Asian Sovist asperblics iscommended as a sean.
dand for young stales of the whind morkl." Homerer.
thess works were completely our w touch with reality.
ignuring rxisting problems and dilliculties, Bur recently.
I the policy of African stales on main problems dealin
with vital prople's interests, ic. the essential. hunnar
componeni of productive forces
Approved for 101997°
Date
AUG

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 753, "chars": 5014, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042351
STRE U1A-90-801
18 Лепанату 1990
la the suchor's opinion, the degradation of social and
economic siluation on the continent in 1980s connected
In fact mainly with objective faciors, cannor
if mercly by the socialis-orietted way. Il moull
tso to con
red in commiries al
eriod: to 1
thee
88 a
solid es
seamic bas
mablic:
rectar of she
while nos necessanly predomi
of political
weed for
mintation.
TURKISH ASPECTS OF TRUMAN DXX TRINE
AND SOME MISTAKES OF STALINIST DIPLO
MACY
A.Sh. RASIZADE
Whik Greck evenis and the siluasion about Turkey were
the accasion 1o proclaim the doctrinc, its Greck and
Turkish aspects haven't teen yer a special subject of
study in our country.
Hourver, the Truman doctrine
red a crucial role in American-Turkish relasions, in
ce by Turkry of
the post-war morld.
infueneed, of i
counse
Sovier-Turkish rela-
as well. The principles of the doctrine sill stay the
basis of 'bilateral relations bermeen Turkcy and the USA.
The author tried lo reconsider the soviet interpretation
of the Truman docirine. Now, when me review our past,
it is useful to show consequences of the wrong approach
by I.V. Stalin and his associales to the soviet policy in
the region.
lar sovict-Turkish rclations rached a nirh levti of
cension during firsi post-war
nars. In course of the
arcond world war Turkry rook in fact ani-soviet posi-
tions.
and alier the war the Soviet government
danced the Treaty on friendship and neutrality
en the too counsrics, signed in Paris in 1925, and
essed la prepare a nevo
Ircaly. Homever, Soviet
oposals that followed, seeravaled even more the bilal.
cal relations, contributed 1o the meslem orientation of
Turkey: With approval of Stalin. Grorgia and Armenia
pur in elaims on the adjacent parts of Turkish territory.
la the comerse of the diplomatic discussion on the regime
the Slack Sea straits between USSR. LISA. Great
anilain and Turkey: the sovict party also raiseu claims
unacceptable for the Turks, which resulted in drawing up
of a common British-Amcrican-Turkish position.
SYNC KETISM OF RELIGIUS AND MYTHICLOXI-
K'AL. TYINCEITS OF PRE-MOSLEM TURKS
• I.V. STEDLEVA
The article ekals with insufficienily explored problem of
varries rrligious and mothnlogical pre-lslam syslems
ahict funeramed amime Turkic proples of Central Asia.
soulkar and Easier siberia.
From the 6th century
Turkic peer
des began lo form military, political and mate
senions of tribes, (in their serritories millen sexis mere
encated, dealing with shamanism. Buddhism. Man.
chacism and Christianity. Te acopiion or Islam by
Torks in Chairal Asin began in 10th century, but this
process mas long, and daring several censuries Turkic
¿pcoples lined in the aptiere of other callural and relizious
readitions
Turkix mamacripes available for studying etcac pre-
delam conceplual syslems are millen by runic. Man.
Ishsean and Wichur scriper. They include special reli.
sious lexis (prayers, hymns, tastruclions and norms of
¡crious bchaviour as wet as literary works (spitaphs.
historical and heroir poeme, didactic parables and
noticis).
I most peculiar fealurt of these works is the interaction
of rarious religious and mythological traditions.
Sha-
manic texts are influenced by the Manicharan religion
(the runic fortune-lelling book). Manicharan hymns arc
crraied under the influence of Buddhism. The syner-
lism of Manicharan and Buddhist idras and notions
reaches the level where Mani is identified with Buddha.
Manichacism receives as well an impact of Christianity:
in the prayer addressed 10 ~Mani- Angel (and) Buddha"
the word equivaleni of "ange''' means also "aposiie."
Turkic Christian rexis
were influenced by shamanism
(the
ritual formula of space description) and Man-
ichaciam which included in its rura some features of
Korassirianism.
SOCIAL AND POLITICAL VIEWS OF ABU-
L-HASAN AL-MAWARDI (NEW
STUDIES)
TRENDS OF
A.A. IGNATENKO
Works crcaled by this eminent Mosiem medieval lawyer,
exper on problems of the staic. have been studied for a
fong time by orienialisia. Modem islamists interpret the
heritage of al-Alawardi, this distinguished theorist of the
islamic siate culiphaic, as being purcly thencratic con-
стрі.
The nation of "concord" (ulla) takes a key placr in his
concept aimed at giving explanation 1o the existence and
functioning of socicly. 'This "concond" is necessary lor
people to receive "sufficient matter of thsir life" in the
course of "denelopment of the morld" (inara). Human
socicty is considered by the medieval theorist to t
innerly differentialed: "anity in dillerence" is a pre.
condition of "union" (irilal of pcople performing var-
sous funcrians in the procuss ol "derclopment of the
mort (tillags, handictall crc.) and therefore nerving
one another.
Murual hostility inherent in perple hy nalure requires
the existence of power 10 consolidate this union using lle
"religion" (din). Al-Mawardi reconsiders the notion of
"religion" interpreting it as any set of socicly virganizing
noris and rules, including eren "dishonesty" (knir) if il

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 636, "chars": 4172, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042351
performas the function of uniting people. Norms of the
"religion" interparted in this way are obligatory bors for
yects and the sovercien (malk), the supreme rurer
ao is to leke seasanes so ensure the commumily life.
The tricke calls in opacion the stunship er dec
soman so somerciens" a mutt-known incaiixe atross
rescripe is kept in the National Library of Paris.
raditionally aitribured so at Mamanti.
ZOLE OF SCALES UF TIME AND SPACE IN MIXI
ELLING OF HISTORICAL PROCESS
LOS POMERANTS
cality or irrationalisy of the history depends to a
derable extent un the scale applied 1o it. This idea
if forward in ivee by E, kant ano nolco the treno
orld
political unification.
Indian
F. Schigel, kaning
experience,
argued that shere
честе по
time: each
great culture
wen!
the way sram
consinictions
103s of
model by Kant, in
back 10.
Augustus and
and the model by Schlegcl
four centurics
These models are not
ent has a
of move-
scale of
• article
of the time
and
the same
of scales fos the cultural space. On
с Бирет-
cale of indian mythology, she history in general is
sion and only elemity is real. On & global large
crumulated changes (growth of productive forces.
ulation.
dillerentiation
socicly and intellect:
¿ alienation, contigical tension eic.) are firsi and
sl. h
middle global
scale
discerns
wast
move.
the "eternal relurn." the revival of archaic fca-
in the Middle Ages and of the classics
in the
history.
in
Chinese historiography
this is
ssed by an allernation of dynasties in and jan. On
adle local scaie the most important are
cysies of rise
as being
хромис
sorements directed by a charismatic leader (M. Weber)
or a group of "pessionaries" (LN. Gumilyov), Icre only
albropomorphous scale is possible. There are no rea-
ans l0 explain Mongolian conquests besides thost inter.
barse of time smoothes away traces of explosions an
» all the logic of histary is restoned to its righis
ROUND TABLE
FUTURE OF ECTINCINIC HISTORY OF THIE FAST
JPRS-UIA-90-001
18 January 1990
Participanis: N.A. IVANOV, M.F. VIDYASOVA, L.S.
VASILIEV.
YU.G.
ALEKSANDROV.
DIKARYOV, VA. YASHKIN, A.V. AKIMOV
A.D.
This Round Table concerns problems of denclopment ni
tel. ahe cli
the East as a sounce of
primary capitalis
mutation.
The economic back.
wardness of the East was, first of all, a result of the
non-ability of ciatist economy 1o ensure the exlended
reproduction. and not that of the "cotonial robbery."
A negative influence on the Easi, exerted by the Wess.
was rather that the East actively rejected all western
elements, becorning more and more archaic. Huwever.
one stould not
consider thai modernization of the
castern economy is invitably to lead 1o the death of
traditional Mruclures, pre-industrial civilization.
The
sudy of cconomic history of the tast would heip under.
slanding economic problems of the USSR.
Resulls of the study of economic history could be applied
for fonccasting trends in the following fields: global
problems, sludies of economic growth and analysis of
precedents.
UNIDENTIFIED
FLYING OBJECTS (UFO) IN
ANCIENT CHINA
•A.D. DIKARYOV
The process of emancipation of thought in (hina in
1980s is particularly impressive afier the
spiritua
vacuum of the cpach of "cultural revolution." The thirst
of the whole sociely for knowledge based on the rers.
nomic reforma, takes in a number of cases the form of
anollicial science. An example of such organizations is
the
scientific
societies of UFO fancicis
with corre.
spondine periodicals as the revur
"Feidie Tansuo".
Studics of Flyins Saucers") The effors by Chines
cientises to find in ancient Chinese sources "historica
tvxlenecs" ol UFO' existence are of particular interesi
or Sinologists and experis in science of science. Thi
activilies of adhercals of this new scientific trend in
China demonstrate methodology and tasks of the (lu-
AEst historical science in gencral
Tler arlicle considers a number of concrete modern
versions of interpretation of historical materials on
extraordinary flying phenomena. A number of marks
criticizine the aulempis 10 place a historical hasis under
this problem. as a
rule. doxs not dispute the main
modern conceps of lIFT) as a presluct of alien mind.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 175, "chars": 1074, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042351
Avii i Afriki. dadalelatoo
akissya
astochnoy
Астатиту.
25250
aad diffic
carding ral prutalms
ileatiention of the
see crasn
2111
hed in the
AZIY
EKONOMIKA I
ODNYYE OTNOSHENIYA'
confirm
nature
trics that
art
pily
siciled &
dillicult pr
ve ch
dillen
ien
naltor
8,00
stare of
ng the
eni of
с nerd
tory
the
«білск
it
is
ude
led in
and. on the
ne of our notions
since our former.
ach towaro sovict
by life.
zakhsian
facing the
roday
the
are
ите
dencloping
experiencing
(25
have
chosen
the
ried to
onvince us that the devel-
mablics of the USSR
of the
socialist.
Acule conficis of a
the
feu-
he entry
thc
in Tajikistan.
elected in
, infla
d by put
The
Alica
ns of
cairal Asian rE
hird World courtrics. All of shese marks. inma
Mened from common sharcomings: an carrmous
rastructi
nurse of
Malackista
The guess of
The majority al
ис &
-tying in
(ring onl
etec ernerall doei
del charterganint in
te pre-sectales
triad and the "harshmarks of trudalises
Whil
screpring this perine co vico in proneral. I prulel fide 8es
direct thr mauler's allention in am of as dry elementa
