{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T01:10:19Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 650945, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516224.pdf", "source_sha256": "a4193394e1c272ebd766d21713bd378445da8d0571d5b523f528e1333146ef72"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 723, "chars": 4552, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042348
NATIONAL AFFAIRS
Economic Reforma Confereace
Seen precincty defined, and further !
diments can be made in 1991 mben atte
nove to financial autonomy.
Abalida Anamers Qocallo
LDI711235989
as on Economic Combereact. - TAc FINANCIAL TIMES corregoralent, speaki
Editorial Report) Moncow Television Service in Rus
nian at 1903 GMT on 17 Novem
ice a 37-minute
ding of a nows con
15 Now
with Loosid Abalkin, deputy chainman of the USSR
Conacil of Ministers, on tbe concluzion of the scicatific
as what specific changes must be made in your coon
progres as a resett of the conference? is pety to
so fine De you e e it lot to me pret
and practical confereace held in Moscow so discuss
Boviet economic reform. Video aboms Abalkia on 108.
trum An unidentified chairman opens the news confer.
"Estocined indies and gentlemen, we have invited you to
a mocting in convoction with the conclusion of the
allanion scientific and practical conference on radical
coonomic reform. This conference opened on Monday
Abalkin, deputy chairman of the USSR Council of
Ministers, will share his impressions on the conference
with you.
Urgent measures, Abalkin says, must be taken to imple
ment economic reform, and these measures must be
urawn up before the Congress. Taking part in the cort-
erence were experts in all fields, to discuss as openly as
possible, with all possible opinions represented, a
antionwide program to take into account of all shades of
opinion. The program must be realistic, comprehensive,
and bold. 'The conference yielded a great deal of material
over the 3 days it was held.
The first question is from a TASS correspondent who
asks about the basis for the theory of the transitional
period.
Abalkin says one main issue is how to move from a
nonmarket economy to a market economy, how to create
the infrastructure. The program is based upon a critical
evaluation of past experience, both in the Us and
abroad; a scientific and theorctical analysis mas also
nade. All this went into the proposat advanced.
A stand and od appria des to republican the neit
вивопюту.
Abalkin says consensus is impossible in such caser Fall
arcement mould mean stagnation in thinking. All
Agreement ca be miod and endinions bonted.
attained: Without reform, we have an impasse. Con-
ensus in the sense of an understanding of the responsi-
bility of the decisions to be made was this reached.
Financial autonomy must be introduced in the republics
from 1990, which leaves very little time. Huge price
changes art impossible, but we are compelled to take
interim measures to compensate until full racanures are
implemented. The source of republican barleets have
of refore than bad mone before the cadie
rially different from the situation in the summer,
summer of this year. This must be taken into accor
this complex development of events: One cannot sira
brush it aside, one must be ready for it.
I cannot as yet fully evaluate what was done in 1
ections work went on in right sections, tour rom
cables, and over 200 people spoke all this must be
looked at attentively, some interesting ideas, and arepl
fications may evidently be found thert. And only then
will it be possible to evaluate fully the quality of tre
discussions."
A Portuzuese comespondent asks whether public opinica
mizht oppose the changes needed to emerge from
impasse. The correspondent also asks what will be tac
role of the congress.
Abalkin responds that public opinion is vital; attempts
have been made to play with public opinion and manip-
ulate it. Public opinion must be mobilized-it is
awaiting constructive measures and decisions. Jhe con
ness will certainly be very turbulent and contracictory.
We must learn to listen and heed one another, we musi
overcome social "deafness."
An Italian correspondent asks in English about opposi
non in socicly to private owncrship.
Abelkin says the law on ownership, like the law on
caxation must be submitted for nationwide discussion.
- Asan coonomisi, Abalkin says that it is very common for
verms to be misunderstood, terminology is a source oi
misunderstanding and therefore of tension. Terms such
as private ownership and cooperatives have been inter-
pretod in
different ways, giving rise to unnecessary
polemic. We must not try to put over new thinking in the
old terminology of the 19th Century.
An EL PAIS correspondent, in Russian, asks: "The
newspaper EL PAIS, Spain. I should like to learn abour
ruble convertibility that is one point; then also about a
reads rationing, and thim, parallel money-
Approved for Roleaso
Date
AUG 1991

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 986, "chars": 5731, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042348
ch
taken
≤ 0ж
or it.
lose in
fOXE
-all this ram
bere. And crat
ry the quality of
selner public opia
ad to emerge from
oks what will be d
ion is vital; atte
:opinion and man
be mobilizem it
I decisions. The coa
i and contradicton
rat another, vei
op, toe the law
# із VT сОБ
боду iaa
dansion. Torm
mes have beca
inter
rise to
or new thinking in the
ту.
Russian, asks "Tie
Idl like to leasa about
sint; then siso about a:
• parallel
money-
NATIONAL AFFAIRS
peral au
hat d
ee for a sovies mable to t
Tha
is in the professional
of
make the
difference bea
in the fact that the profes
beld by all the great experts, nor
Soviet Union but in the west, too is that
react let on of the supreme Soviet ad
, a session of the Sup
oe rable coavertibility as of 1.
Lanuary. In
this to care about,
within the
, a prict structure
sarket. Wemust
circulation of
call internal
nexi proles
conditions
dministrative
purcly at will. This is the road we must
But me must go down it aware of all its
ties This must be the case at subsequent stages
movement, as well.
yalem of rationing is, in my opinion, an unaccept-
path. We asked the country's leading academics and
ists for an analysis of this problem and of the
conomic and social consequences. We had
rotal unanimity from them in their assessment
speclicacy
of the sociocconomic unjustifi-
ove. It docs not feature in the program
cood in implementing the steps
pped out in the course of this year and
then this issue will have been removed from
non by the start of the 19W%. Il this program is
mentectif something prevents it from being
through
-and if by the end of 1990...bry the start
1990'% we are unable to stabilize the situation in
ountry, then a system of rationing will be inevitable,
that will be the end of the reform.
"due question of a parallel currency is a question that is
open to discussion. It is open to discussion.
There are
my pians and prost
assis on this soare, but there has
no decision on
is matter. Thert ere pros and cons
outweigh wiich, or by how much.
We sood some more time to form a definite opinion, bur
Here is less than a month for this."
AN APN correspondent asks abour the difficulty of the
picacul state of affairs and whether the population
expected to mait.
balkin says everyone is maiting for an instant mirack
a tae pait, he says, it is at times like this that reports of
UPO's mart circulating.
We must convince publicl
лю, by means of the truth and nothing but the truth.
i disappointments are inevitable after huze lilu-
0es. The unfortunate must be made aware of the state's
concern for their well beine. We must not give way to
emotiona. The individual must be made to feel his own
sponsibility and the importance of this work. The
repablics must be given their chance: in 1990 they must
be somes of change; they must show that things are
changing for the better..
i ?
la ABC comespondent, speaking in English with super
mposed Russian transiation, asks: "'President Bush ha
said that he wants perestroyka to sucocod. What sten
would you like the United States 10 take in the coonomic
apacre to help perestroyka succeed?'
onikin responds. We mun do most or the wor
urselves. I remember wint Bush said about Poland an
Hunzary. He was quite right, I think, when he said, as a
wise and realistic politician, that the Poles and Hungar.
IAnS
themseives muse bring their country our of eoo.
nomic crisis, just like the Soviet people must do. We
must do this ourselves. I am concerned most by what
must be done in our country in these matters. As for
what can be expocted of the United States of America,
which might be of assistance, I do not wish to develop
this topic, because apart from the most general concepts
with which you have all long been familiar decide the
issue of the most-favoured nation system, remove some
other restrictions / shall not be enriching our knowi-
edge with anything."
A (THARLEMS DAGLAD) correspondent, speaking in
Russian, asks:
"We did not all manage to follow the
debales conducted at the conference. Could you perhaps
vell us more specifically which points gave rise to the
most negative reaction from the conservatives, and how
do you reckon to break this opposition?"
Abalkin answers: "We have a great deal of historical
experieno on how to break the opposition. (laughter in
hall] Therefore, the main task is how to learn to hold a
dialogue with the opposition. The best way is to compel
the conservatives to do battle with the radicals, while we
get on calmly with the job at hand. [laughter] That would
be the wisest solution, we have both radicals and conser-
vatives. At the same time, we must take al the valuable
and useful and sensible things offered by both of these,
and include these in our programme and get on along our
own way. As for the aspects which came in for criticism,
I would limit myseif to just two approaches. Emotions
carried over from mottings were present al the confer-
enoc; and there mere also scientific discussions.
"Everything starts at the very beginning: Should state
property be left unaltered, or should we start to mod.
ernize and renew, make it more flexible and seart the
process of do elatization, given inbor collectives on this
asis the freodom to decide matters independentiy and
so ciect their manager. Or should we maintain the system
of administration by injunction. Should we move to a
market with new laws of regulating it, with flexible and
mobile prioes. Or should we as before keep prices unam-
biguously ander harsh state control. A quite normal
process is under way, not a very pleasant one, but a
normal process of counterposing and weighing up and 80
forth. At the same time and this is also a very well
known thing the existence of any opposition ompels

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 683, "chars": 4240, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
C00042348
it
NATIONAL AFFAIRS
FRIS-SOV
21 Nor
to sharpen one's instraments of argumeut, compels, 500,000 poople taking part, at which questin
at to meish up more attentively the posible cons
aked, about why the issue of a confederatio
peacet, which micht be overlooked were there so sac
iticisen. Altogetber, in the finni analysix, if there is n
being discussed. The
male is doubin
ed in the otber Baltic republics. It mai
destructive action
and to struezie, one can derive uscful
et tay matter mould be discused in Ofroba
ines from this, if one regards taking accouar of diverse
-MISSR Supreme Soviet. The date for the
points of vich as a factor making it possible to ensure a. "paust be yet.
more realistic program of action.
Al 1614 OMT, Eclazertsov asks about the free p
emotional
à sipeda sai.
Supreme Soviet Session
cacom TV Airs 20 Ner Supreme Sortet Praceedin
1600 GMT
LD207|174289
(Editori | Report] Moecow Television Service jo Rus
sian at 1000 GMT, on 20 November begins carrying a
recorded relay of the 20 November Suprere Soviet
morning sestion in the Kremlin.
The morning acasion is chaired by Nishsnov, who says
bert is a quoruma for the joint session of the soviet of the
Inion and soviet or Nationalitics sed declares the
aston open herates that il the arenda is not com
ted this wock, it is not excluded that the session ma
ave to continue next wack. A draft lew on the press may
find its way into the agenda if documentation is pro
vided in time. Today, the general principles of managing
the national economy ol the repablics will be discussed,
further aspects may be included in eccordance with notes
submitted by deputies.
At 1604 GMT, an unidentified Baltic people's deputy
asks about a debate on the Draft Law on Financial
Autonomy of the Baltic Republics.
Al 1606 GMT, an unidentified asks why various aspects
of the Baltic republics autonomons economic manage
ment has not be included in the agenda.
At 1607 GMI, Degaty I'Tunskene asks aoout the genera
principles of the draft on th
republican economic
«молоту.
At 1608 OMy, Bichkauskas protests that one issue
samcty republican sulonomay, wisi
exchuded from the
menda: Nishanov says this is not a0, and puts an end to
prococury matters.
At 1610 GMT, People's Deputy Nikolakiy of the Com-
mission on Glasnost sats about items on agenda: the
au on the Press is not on arcada
+ 1611 GMI, Obolenskiy asks ab
it a decision on
anine demonstratiol
11 1612 CMi, Deputy
November a de outation was held in Ripe vit
have come pa, the
on the socik
As for
republics, this ma
er is included on the
The seasi
deputies bave the
to prone
in order to include ‹
1 them
the
only
. If the Lew
and the issue of the Beltic republics is to be inch
genda, the deputics soust decide this liter in tbe di
original agenda set in October providad for !
work Deputies have in
ont of them the draft tam
General Principles of Moa
ent of the boon
Baltic Republica. At tyis i
poment a ceputy in
ubmis a petition to the
Aballin takes the fbor, and resumes the hintos
varian or did was has page dawn up
variant of the
and had
submitted for deputies' consideration. Abalkin stre
aced for compromise and a rational approach. He
dwel on
certain aspects only. In socordance
numerous requests, certain poinis on the legal aspe
the law have been included in the new variant. There
ionel self-financing and firancial autonomy "
to denelop the coonomy of the Upion as a whole. I
lays stress on demarcating the corpetence of the
and the maion. The republics themselves musi
certain aypects of this. The concept of ownership is
and regional demarcation has a pereat bearin
samely demarcation of ownersar
according to
epublic, region and enterprise. The decision
the oommission mas to lay down general princ
demy
rosting ownership. Industries are interpreted a
union socini distriburion of labor, segardiess of r
the
come under a ministry or not.
1635 GMT
LD2011175789
[Edizorial Report] Morcow Television Service it W
an at 1635 GMT, ON 20 November continues
rocorded relay of the 20 November Supreme So
morning session proccodings in the Kremlin.
At 1635 gmi, Abalkin states that with regard 1o us
the draft law, Article 6, enumerates the taxable revet
of the republics. The financial basis of local soviets
