{"created_utc": "2026-08-30T00:55:19Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 460508, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/cia-ufo-collection-cd-rom-contents-2/C05516634.pdf", "source_sha256": "4e636ec280734d6a3535ed67b3497301d161ab31cd23e478f1854374756e4390"}

C00174669

                                                                         Page: 8         of 14
                                                    UNCLASSIFIED

                                  FBIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1993
               Docuaent 10 of 13                                                     Page    1

               Classification:      UNCLASSIFIED          Status:         (STAT]
               Docuaent Date:       16 Oct 93             category:       (CAT]
               Report Type:         Daily report          Report Date:
               Report Naber:        FBIS-SOV-93-201       UDC Number:

               Headline:    Sakhalin Oblast Soviet Bolds Last Session
               Source Line:     OV2010005593 Vladivostok Radiostantsiya Tikhiy Okean
                                Maritime Network in Russian 0815 GMT 16 Oct 93
               Subslug:    [Ivan Vorobyev report; from the "Pacific Ocean"           Program]
               FULL TEXT OF ARTICLE:
               1.   (Ivan Vorobyev report; from the "Pacific Ocean"           Program)
               2. (Text] An oblast soviet of people's deputies session was held in
               Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk today. Our correspondent Ivan Vorobyev discusses
               this.
               3. [Begin Vorobyev recording) The number 13 became a fateful one for
               soviet power on Sakhalin Island. The 13th session of the oblast
               soviet of the people's deputies became its last. A deputy who is a                     (
               UPO expert lamented that the session should not have been scheduled
______________ J9~_!~QC;!ober. I am not very proficient in astrology, so I will                       ,
               convey his -exp-rana tion-IrCa:-srmpIerway: -The--nars--just--did--not-shine---------t---------------
               for the deputies. This might be why only 58 out of 160 deputies
               arrived yesterday for the extraordinary session proposed by Yevgeniy                  l'
               Krasnoyarov, the administration head. Only 46 deputies came for
               today's session, not enough for a quorum. They had started coming
               from the oblast periphery some time ago, and it seemed that they
               intended to preserve soviet power in the oblast, but while in Moscow,
               the deputies took to arms; in Sakhalin, they just took off. VeIl,
               this is also a kind of argument, a way of voting.
               4. Closing the session, administration head Yevgeniy Krasnoyarov
               said: These are cruel times but also purifying. One must understand
               that both you, the deputies, and we too have some degree of
               responsibility for the bloody events in Moscow, and decisions by many
               Russian Federation soviets supporting the Russian Supreme Soviet's
               actions contributed to the events. The people's army did not support
               the people's deputies.
               5. Yevgeniy Krasnoyarov thinks that the deputies do not control the
               situation, do not know the conditions or even their people, and
               continue to preach the soviet psychology, to talk without taking
               responsibility for anything.
               6.   Yevgeniy Krasnoyarov addressed former Russian Deputy Sergey


                                                                      Approve
                                                                            ~(


                                                    UNCLASSIFIED                                       19
Thi
  sdocumenti
           smadeavail
                    abl
                      ethrought
                              hedeclassi
                                       fi
                                        cat
                                          ionef
                                              for
                                                ts
       andr
          esear
              chofJohnGreenewal
                              d,Jr
                                 .,cr
                                    eatorof
                                          :


  T
  heB
    lac
      kVa
        ult
     TheBlackVaultist
                    helargestonli
                                neFreedom ofI
                                            nfor
                                               mationAct(FOIA)
      documentcl
               ear i
                   nghouseintheworld.Theresearcheff
                                                  ort
                                                    shereare
     responsi
            blef
               orthedec l
                        assi
                           fi
                            cati
                               onofhundredsofthousandsofpages
               releasedbytheU. S.Government&Mi l
                                               it
                                                ary
                                                  .


         Di
          scovert
                heTr
                   uthat
                       :ht
                         tp:
                           //
                            www.
                               thebl
                                   ackvaul
                                         t.com
  C00174669

                                                                          Page: 9       of 14
                                                     UNCLASSIFIED

                                  PSIS Concatenated Daily Reports, 1993
                DocUllent 10 of 13                                                    Page    2
               Mikhaylov, who exploited yesterday's deputies meeting to expound his
               anti-Yeltsin and antigovernment position, presented as a description.
               of the events in Moscow. The administration head called to avoid
               transferring responsibility of the Moscow events to federation
               members. He said: Do not instigate the people, do not call for
               unsanctioned, unlawful acts. After all, someone had the time to
               report to Moscow that former Deputy Mikhaylov had spoken at the
               session although there was no session as such. The main goal today is
               not to incite people but to organize them for conducting elections
               for the State Duma, Federation Council, and local organs of power.
               7. Yevgeniy Krasnoyarov signed a decree today on reforming
               representative power in Sakhalin Oblast. All activities of the
               oblast and smaller soviets are suspended, and sessions and
               conferences are canceled. The status [word indistinct] of the
               deputies is maintained. The oblast administration has taken over all
               functions of representative power. Smaller soviet members will form
               a commission for [word indistinct] which, to a certain extent, will
               be charged with conducting the elections and working out the oblast
               charter.
                     8. Anatoliy Aksenov, chairman of the former oblast soviet, addressed
                     the gathering. He said: The deputies must do everything possible to
---------------------gua.ran.t.ee __the_£Jmd!lcti.~g-of elections on 12 December and make a sober
                     judgment of the s1 tuation~to-lielp--create-a-secona-Drafichor author! ty------------------------
                     and stabilize the country's situation. On his behalf and on behalf
                     of the deputies, Anatoliy Aksenov thanked everyone he had a chance to
                     work with, chairmen of the soviets, deputies of all levels, and
                     administration workers.
               9. Can it really be true, that we bid farewell to the soviet power
               with wishes of goodwill? One would really like to believe that. [end
               recording)


                                                     UNCLASSIFIED
