{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-26 05:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285094","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/094/mufon-5285094.json","updb_database_id":5285094}
Blue/white light about10 stories up. It was bright and when I began to observe it, it dimmed to a dot almost like it shot straight up. It was so quiet

My dogs woke me up wanting to go out like something was outside. It was 5:32 am, I noticed the time because my dogs were wide awake in zoomie mode. Usually, they stretch and give me kisses, but not this time they hurried to the back door. 

When I let them out as I write this now I didnt hear them barrel down the stairs nor did my motion lights come on, it was dead quiet, and dark. As I stepped to my 2nd floor balcony I looked straight ahead to try to locate my dogs. They are both white and my fence is lined with motion lights that seemed to be really dim. 

I felt something to my left and when I turned from looking north to the west there was this huge bright star and I just remember staring at it thinking maybe its venus, but it was so close and bright maybe 5 to 7 stories highter then my place.

I couldnt stop looking st it and it was so quiet I couldnt see or gear my dogs. After about a minute or so the thing seem to let out a flash or got really bright and then zoomed into a tiny dot in the sky.

I remember thinking to myself I know you there why you doing. Yea I actually said that. I dont care how wild this sounds. It happened and what's even crazier us that the memory of it seems to get clearer the more I think about it.

The other strange thing is when it left I could hear my dogs barreling back up the steps outta breath they came back in the house, drank lots of water then went and laid back down. 

In 1982 I experienced something similar except the light was orange and 3 stories up. I was with a lot of people at the time, no one noticed it till I pointed it out. The thing zoomed into the sky just like this one.

Memories like this cant be easily forgotten. I'm not sure what's going g on all I know is what I'm writing here is real and now that I gave myself time to think about it I wanted to report it. I'll sketch it iu later just wanted to let someone know.
