{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-20 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517094","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40944","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/094/mufon-5517094.json","updb_database_id":5517094}
{dr}Bright starlike object appeared to be flipping across sky then disappearing, suddenly reappears in same place

I was standing outside a restaurant after dinner with friends chatting when suddenly in the northern sky at about a 45 degree angle I saw what I first thought was the ISS,it was a very bright white light, being that my husband has an app on his phone to track satellites and the ISS, I have seen the ISS many times as well as many satellites. This time it was different, it seemed to be tumbling across the sky for about 10 seconds. I yelled at my husband "LOOK" and pointed to the spot where I witnessed it. All my friends looked, but it had disappeared. I thought that it must have been the ISS and continued to chat with friends. 

 Approximately 1-2 minutes later I saw the exact same thing in the exact same place in the sky doing the exact same tumbling flash sequence. I yelled out and one of the friends with me said she saw it as well. 

 Strangely as my friend and I were driving downtown about 20 mins after said event, we saw another object that was a solid light with a yellowish tint heading east at a fairly quick pace, we both saw this as well but I was unable to tell if it could have been a plane, as it flew off into the distance.

 This week has also been strange, I woke up several days ago with two marks on my left palm, one of them a small cut I did not have before I went to bed and a pain to the right of my bellybutton that almost felt like I had a hernia, as I felt something in the area when I pressed. Over the past few days the pain subsided but it is sore when I press on the area. Also since that day I am very very anxious and nervous feeling. I don't know if any of this is related, I just though I would add any strange events that seemed to happen this week.
