{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-21 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510094","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/094/mufon-5510094.json","updb_database_id":5510094}
{dr}Saw a bright, pulsating orange object -- moving in a direct line -- pass over a residential area in Lebanon, Oh.

I was at work -- as a staff member at a group home -- in Lebanon, OH, in a residential area right on 63 by the Black Barn in Lebanon, OH. At approximately 11:45pm, I was summoned outside by a friend and coworker to look at what he thought was an airplane on fire. Upon going outside, I saw the object moving in a straight-line north-northwest (five people were present that witnessed this including myself). It was at a lower elevation than an airplane typically would be. It pulsed subtly a fiery orange which gave the illusion of an object on fire, but it moved unwavering in a straight light, had no tail or trace of light in its wake, and stayed a consistent yet vague roundish shape. It emitted no sound. I had no odd feelings watching it other than awe at something unknown. I took a photo of the object and a short video on my phone, but both only came across as a small light in the sky more white than what I witnessed with my eyes. While outside, when the object was overhead (and just to the East of us) someone made a comment that it smelled like a skunk outside. It took roughly a minute for the object to disappear into the clouds towards the horizon (North-Northwest from us). The skunk smell was gone by the time it passed out of sight. We remained outside long after the sighting, but witnessed nothing further.

RE: Media attached.
The first attachment is a photo. The bright orange light is a street lamp (and looks closer to the color of the object we saw than the object appears in the photograph).
The second attachment is a video. For whatever reason, the video is tilted to the left where the ground is appearing up the right side of video.
