{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-08-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506094","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/094/mufon-5506094.json","updb_database_id":5506094}
{rjl} 3 Glowing disc objects moving west to east over many hours one observed from 1-3 miles away one came to us within 50ft appeared to observe us for 5-10 minutes then left

This happened many years ago. We were outside, east of Wolf Point MT. It was about 11pm late August the year was 1984-5. Present at the time, other than myself, was my wife, and Daughter. I noticed 3 bright spots in the distance 1-5 miles distant to the North. They could have been stars low on the horizon accept they were slowly moving together west then back to the east as well as North and south. I and my family were just off Hwy 2 about 10 miles East of Wolf Point MT. They, the lights, seemed to be, for lack of better explanation, looking for something. I say this because I cant imagine what else they would have been up to. I will describe further.
The Lights would hover in place, perhaps 1-3 hundred Ft. above the ground arraigned inline from East to West, for some minutes equidistant from one another. Then one on one of the ends would "shoot" away. If it were the one on the East end of the trio, it would go East then immediately the one on the West end would go West the one in the center remained. Then within minutes they would suddenly with great speed, reappear back in their original positions. They moved forward toward the South then back toward the North always inline and equidistant. The lights always did the same thing shooting away then coming back together, the center one always remaining. They did this for many hours as we watched. The routine of these lights did not alter from the above, until it did. It was approximately some where between 2 and 3 am when the routine of these lights changed. We had watched for hours and were getting tired and bored with what was going on when one of the lights, the center one, came forward toward us. I kept thinking it would never get close enough for us to see it clearly. I kept think it would certainly stop, but it didn't. It slowly approached us to within 50ft. It hovered 20 to 30ft above the ground. It was very bright yellow orange color, perhaps 30ft in diameter. It hovered for maybe 10 minutes. It seemed to be watching us as we had watched them. Then it went back to the North with the other two UFOs perhaps 1 mile away and they simply and suddenly went away from view. I say that because they just vanished. They didn't speed away. They just disappeared.
I don't know how many attention seekers you get telling theyre stories or how many false stories you get from people. While in the annuals of UFO lore this incident may not be notable. It is however absolutely truthful! One tends not to believe UFO stories until one encounters something he cant explain. At no time did I or my family feel threatened. We were to the contrary amazed! Thank You
