{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-19 22:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467094","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5346,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/094/mufon-5467094.json","updb_database_id":5467094}
{cak} Star gazing on vacation on one of the most clearest nights of the week and witnessed two light appear out of no where underneath marabou which was straight out over the horizon of the ocean. Started moving from side to side the back disappeared.

Me and my family were on vacation in Long Beach Island New Jersey. Staying at a beach front property on 21st St. it was Thursday, July 19, 2018. My brother-in-law and I enjoy stargazing at night while we1re down at the beach. On that note the sky was the clearest I1ve ever seen it when Since I1ve been going down there. I1m a huge believer in UFOs and aliens I guess you could say so I1m always s t a r g a z e in wet weather is on vacation or at home or anywhere. My family thinks I1m a little crazy because none of them have seen anything like I have, because I1ve definitely had my fair share of UFO sightings. So it was around 9 o1clock when me and my brother-in-law we1re outside when all of a sudden four or five orange yellow wish whitish looking balls of light suddenly appeared then disappeared then appeared then disappeared and we definitely knew it was in planes because they were planes in the sky at the time it happened so We definitely knew it was something strange. So I went inside and told the rest of my family what we saw and they all started laughing thinking I1m crazy but my niece and nephew and my girlfriend ended up coming outside about a half hour later. My brother-in-law already went down the bed because he was leaving early Friday morning he had to go to work. Mars was straight out on the horizon over the ocean and it was super bright because of how clear of a night it was and it was glowing very red and just look beautiful my brother-in-law already went down the bed because he was leaving early Friday morning he had to go to work. Mars was straight out on the horizon over the ocean and it was super bright because of how clear of a night it was and it was glowing very red and just look beautiful. By this time I was recording the sky anywhere I was looking because I wanted to catch what me and my brother-in-law saw. So I think was right around like 9:59 PM when my little nephew was talking with me and we were both Observing bars and my nephew was asking me 1 million questions about the star and about all the times that I1ve seen UFOs. Then next thing you know my nephew said to me what that be cool if they just popped up under Mars and right after he said that two lights appeared under Mar1s right next to each other then Then the one to the left disappeared and the one to the right stay there and then another light appeared on the left side but it was maybe 15 yards away from the one to the right. At that point they were pulsating they would disappear then appear and Both. Right after that happened I was super excited with what I saw so I ran inside to tell my entire family who is all watching TV When I heard my girlfriend said oh my god they1re back look there1s four of them. Next thing you know my entire family was running out the door on the top on the when I heard my girlfriend said oh my god they1re back look there1s four of them. This time the lights appears from the NE. And from there it seems like they were putting on a show for us they were moving back-and-forth lighting up different colors from red green yellow white orange and definitely was something that made everybody start yelling and from there it seems like they were putting on a show for us they were moving back-and-forth via enough different colors from red green yellow white orange and definitely was something that made everybody start yelling work Omg what is that!!!! Look at that!!! That1s so weird. I was also yelling screaming thank you oh my god this is crazy look at that thank U thank U thank U super excited and I was super excited and f I was also yelling screaming thank you oh my god this is crazy look at that thank U thank U thank U super excited and My heart was racing like crazy and I Knew that we were witnessing something very rare. My family that thought I was crazy for believing in UFOs now are telling everyone what happened.
