{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-04-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460094","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101285","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2881,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/094/mufon-5460094.json","updb_database_id":5460094}
{rjl} At lake saw ufo far away then up close and missing time

It was a Friday night while we were still in school me and my friends would hang out by the lake on the levee. We would hang out there smoke cigarettes the rocks just chill. We saw an object in the distance we thought was a helicopter until I joked about it being a UFO. This started a conversation about it and we threw rocks toward it’s Direction even though it was Probably 2 miles away. After that we noticed it started coming toward us and it made a sharp right angle to do so it was hovering before that that’s what we thought it was a helicopter. As it got closer and closer we thought it was weird that it wasn’t making a sound and notice it was pulsating red and white lights and it was dish probably 2 miles away. After that we noticed it started coming toward us and it made a sharp right angle to do so it was hovering before that that’s what we thought it was a helicopter. As it got closer and closer we thought it was weird that it wasn’t making a sound and notice it was pulsating red and white lights and it was disk shaped. As soon as it was about 50 feet away we ran for the car and it chased us though pretty high up in the air. After we got out the car we could see it go about two blocks away and it look like it landed but that doesn’t make sense because there’s houses all there and it just disappeared behind the trees. I turned on my car and the radio wasn’t working as soon as it was about 50 feet away we ran for the car and it chased us though pretty high up in the air. After we got out the car we could see it go about two blocks away and it look like it landed but that doesn’t make sense because there’s houses all there and it just disappeared behind the trees. I turned on my car and the radio wasn’t working still and it was still eerily quiet nothing was making noise around us this whole time. We sped out of there immediately and I took a look at the clock and realized it was 2:30 AM. I had checked it right before all of this which had to be five minutes ago and it was 12 o’clock because I had to be home by 12:45. I don’t know what happened that night and every time I ask my friends they don’t want to talk about it or they won’t message me back at all.
