{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-20 19:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499094","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60056","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2436,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/094/mufon-5499094.json","updb_database_id":5499094}
{rjl} single green light with fiery trail at times. Split into several similar objects with same characteristics.

I was in my backyard with a friend watching a green light that appeared to be an airplane flying at normal cruising altitude in the NE sky. Suddenly a fiery tail appeared that looked like an engine fire. 

(I was feeling very disturbed at this point as I thought I was witnessing an airplane crash.)

The object continued "on fire" at speed along a straight SE trajectory.

(I quickly called my wife to come outside and we watched together.)

After about 2 minutes, 3 objects split off from the original and started to curve down and away from the original object. These 3 objects all had fiery tails and looked the same as the original object and traveled at approximately the same speed.

(At this point I started feeling nauseous with the thought of people dying in the airplane. The sight reminded me of the space shuttle that blew up on takeoff when the booster rockets shot off on their own.)

These 3 objects spiraled downward slowly around each other for several more minutes. They changed directions several times as they weaved around and down. The 3 objects intermittently lost their fiery tail and appeared as green lights. They seemed to be interacting with each other in a sense that as one would move in a direction, the others stayed near (See video).

(At this time I knew it wasn't an airplane based on the flight pattern of these objects, and my thoughts changed to confusion.)

We watched them spiral downward until the sight line was blocked. The original object continued on its original trajectory and also had an intermittent fiery tail. I followed the original object until it was to dim to see.
