{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-10 06:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504330","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54564","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2764,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/330/mufon-5504330.json","updb_database_id":5504330}
{cak} Bright, lit from within with light rays emitting from all around, tall cylinder shape no appendages

I was in my backyard having a cigarette and watching the sky lighten up from the sunrise, which was on the front side of my house which faces East. I am always out there looking at the sky at all hours of the day and night, seeing the stars and looking at them through my binoculars has become something I really enjoy, I have also witnessed many many strange things , especially at night and it seems I am coming into another active period of strange sightings, but I will focus on this one first. As I was looking South I noticed a vibrant bright, slightly yellowish light that sparkled like an enormous diamond. It ws coming from the South West moving at probably 15 - 20 mph, straight toward the Northeast, absolutely silent and without any visible engine, wings, tail or nose, it resembled a tall narrow bell jar with a plate shaped bottom. At that point it was about 1/4 mile from me and approximately 500 feet in the air. As the object moved over the top of the house I ran through to the front to see if the rising sun would back light the object enough to view if it was an airplane or helicopter, or something else recognizeable, but no,  I could also see through my binoculars that there was no visible structure to it, just pure light with a , plate shaped bottom, no dark center where one would think a cockpit might be.....exactly the same craft/object I witnessed on September 12th and 14th of 2012. The sighting on the 12th involved an Airforce jet from Davis Monthan AFB in South Tucson, which is about 9 miles North of where I live.  As the object went over the houses it shifted slightly to the North-North East and I continued watching through the binoculars until it disappeared out of sight due to distance. I didn't have any unnatural feelings during this sighting, I was excited to see it return and i'll be watching to see if it comes around again! I will also keep my camera handy for photographic proof.  I will submit another report on my previous sightings in 2012. At the time I was afraid of getting a visit from someone from the Airforce.
