{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-19 15:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455330","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2994,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/330/mufon-5455330.json","updb_database_id":5455330}
Silver orb caught my eye while driving, blurred out of existence in seconds

While driving in Burnaby BC, at 3:04 pm, Feb, 19,2020, Something caught my eye in the sky as it was clearly visible on a bright sunny day. It looked like a silver orb that just manifested out of nothing and sort of blurred out is the best I can describe? 
I even blurted out "What The... " as I drove and made a note to myself at the time. As I was driving home I thought well maybe my dashcam caught it? It was pretty clear out and it sure seemed bright enough to me. 

When I got home, sure enough I did get it on video. The strange thing is while looking through the one minute clips leading up to it, I think I caught another similar object minutes earlier in roughly the same area? 
I don't know if that means it was something else all together or just coincidence. I really don't think it a bird or a plane as those are pretty easily identified on such a clear day and I was not driving particularly fast. I could be wrong but after examining my footage i noticed two objects appearing and possibly a third resembling other sightings of a possible triangular UFO? 

Ironically this is not the 1st time I caught a strange sighting by accident but my other footage has never been looked at by anyone I sent it to. 
In closing I will attach what I can for your examination . I do have the original dashcam footage on my computer this is a recording off of my tv on my phone so it could be better viewed. The light reflection in the middle of the glass is just my dashcam light. I did not confuse this to the object that appears clearly outside. Tye last image is just a clip from the other object I spotted prior to this one ( * I did not see this object, just saw it while looking through the footage) as I had mentioned earlier. 
Thank you for taking the time.
