{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-18 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457330","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3892,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/330/mufon-5457330.json","updb_database_id":5457330}
{tjd} 7 red/orange lights appear over tree line, form pyramid formation,hover couple of minutes then fly up in pairs and vanish

Thought you may be interested in an odd experience I had. The night before we left for vacation (Friday Oct 18, 2019)I was walking the dogs by the river like I do just about every night. There is a small municipal airport in the next town so we have frequent small aircraft overhead and there is also a fair amount of helicopter activity by police/fire/training etc. that people freak out about on line. As we are heading back home on the walk there is a small airplane passing overhead that I can see and hear clearly but I also see what I think are helicopter lights come into sight above the tree line to my right and in front of us. A blinking reddish light, again not unusual but then another one shows up from the same area. So that gets my attention and I'm thinking there must be something going on like a search for a missing person or something to have two copters out at same time, or maybe some training exercise. Then a third one appears and now I'm getting a bit freaked out. It is dark so all I'm seeing is flickering or blinking red lights and they look to be maybe 1/4 mile ahead of me. The small plane has passed by and I hear nothing that sounds like a plane or copter. We are on a main road so there is traffic and my hearing is not the best so I think maybe I just can't hear them. As the two new ones show up the first one is now hovering directly over my edge of the river and the second and third ones join in formation equidistant and at same altitude, a perfect straight line from left to right.
By this time my mouth is hanging open and I look around to see if anyone in any of the cars is seeing this too, no one seems to notice but me. Again, understandable since the craft are overhead and may be blocked from view by the roof, trees, etc. I do NOT for some reason think to pull out my phone and shoot video, DAMN IT! So now there is a break in the traffic and I hear nothing. AS I'm standing there , mouth agape and not filming, two more lights appear from the same area and join in a formation above and between the other three. It would have been a perfect M if you were to draw a line connecting them. They seem to be hovering in this formation getting neither farther or closer to my position and with the left one still right over the edge of the river. It was pretty breezy out. BY now I've lost all sense of time and still do not think to pull out that iPhone in my right pocket...
I think it has been maybe a minute or two? I'm trying to rationalize what I'm seeing, are they drones?, Illuminaries?, RC copters? No one in the cars seem to notice. Now, two more lights appear from the same area but these two move much faster and also join in formation above the other five and much closer together above the M formation creating a pyramid shaped formation. These last two then move off at a high rate of speed away from me and up, seeming to converge into one , then vanish. Soon after the 3rd and 4th do the same, then followed by the original 3 that also move off and up very quickly and seem to become one light before vanishing from sight. I walked home with the dogs, shaken and stirred!
[ Item moved to FI report {tjd} ]
