{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-21 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490330","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69261","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/330/mufon-5490330.json","updb_database_id":5490330}
two disc shapes flying at different heights seen for short amount of time before disappearing

Before I start the actual story, I1ll just say that at my primary school (I live in the UK), there were two playgrounds to go to at break/lunch for those in years 3-6 (grade 2-5 I think?). Anyway, one was called 1bottom playground1, and the other, which was up a quite short but rather steep slope from it, was called 1top playground1. (Not very inventive, I know.)

So, I was 9 years old, so in year 4 or 5, and I was waiting to go inside to eat my lunch (the year groups are on a rota). I was just standing on 1bottom playground1, as my friend was ill that day so I had no-one to talk to/play with.

I was looking up at 1top playground1 and watching a frisbee flying across it. I was waiting to see someone catch it, but no-one did. The disc just carried on going, not losing any height at all. That1s when I realised it wasn1t a frisbee at all. It was much bigger and further away, although how big and how far away I can1t tell you, but it was at least a mile, I1m sure of that. The disc was a silver-black colour, looking like your average Hollywood movie UFO.

After watching it rather lazily fly across the sky for a while, I noticed a second disc, pretty much identical, slightly higher up and further behind the first one. I remember wishing I had a camera on me, but, you know, I was 9 and in the middle of a school day. And I1d wanted to show someone else, but I was too shy to go up to someone and point out something I didn1t even know if they could see. No-one else seemed to have noticed them, so I was sceptical of whether they were even visible to them. Probably, but they were all too busy playing.

We got called inside to eat lunch, so I turned away, but when I looked back to where they had been a few seconds later, they were gone.

While typing this up, I1d began to wonder if any of this actually happened, or if I was making it all up. I often wonder about that. But then I remembered that that day, when I1d got home from school, I1d told my mum about it, and she put it on a UFO forum, to see if anyone else had seen the discs.

Here is the post she made (some details are different here, this is due to her misinterpreting what I1d told her when I was 9.):

Location of Sighting: Prestwich, Manchester
Date of Sighting: Friday 18th September 2009
Time: About 1pm
Witness Name: Anon (a minor aged 9 1 yrs)

Witness Statement: My daughter told me on Friday that at lunchtime when lining up to go back into school after dinner she saw two frizby shapes in the sky, looking from Park View School top playground towards Bury New Road direction. They were blackish-silver and diagonal to each other. The higher of the two then seemed to disappear. She looked away and when she looked back she could not see either of them any more. Very strange!

[originally posted to uk-ufo.co.uk]
