{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-12-19 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505330","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2498,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/330/mufon-5505330.json","updb_database_id":5505330}
{cak} Object had five small red domes underneath a silver or aluminium bottom. It dove in from the north and aliened itself with my vehicle on Hwy 40 and traveled with me going west.

It was night time around 11:20 pm and I was driving west on Hwy 40 heading for Las Vegas, Nevada. I was between the towns of Tucumcari and Santa Rosa, New Mexico. All of a sudden I saw three streaks of red lights streak across the window of my pick-up truck. At first I thought an aircraft was crashing in front of me on the highway. Suddenly it was in front of my truck maybe a thousand feet and about two hundred feet above the highway. The craft stretched all the way across east and west highway lanes making it longer than 300 feet in width. As I drove west on the highway it traveled with me for about three minutes. I slowed my vehicle down and it kept the same distance from me. Finally, it drifted south off the highway at a very slow speed. I watched it drift over the horizon with a beam of light shining down on the ground. It seemed to float in the air.
The craft was circular saucer with five red domes underneath it. The silver or aluminium bottom was illuminated. One of the five red domes was in the center of the bottom and the other four equally spaced around it. The top of craft was completely black. There was a black super structure as it blocked out the stars above it. I rolled my window down and I heard no engine noise coming from the craft or saw any exhaust from it.
I realize it has been twenty three years since I saw the object, I still remember every second of the event as if it happened yesterday. Due to its immense size, it could have been an experimental craft filled with hydrogen or helium with a light carbon fiber structure. I say this because I felt as if the craft performed military maneuver in front of me as it aligned itself to match my speed on the highway.
