{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-07 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489330","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3059,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/330/mufon-5489330.json","updb_database_id":5489330}
{nd} witnessed a bright non moving light in the sky. It wasn't flashing at all. It was not moving in any direction. There was no sound of any kind. To the right I could see the moon and stars

PLEASE HELP.... On 9/7/15 about 5:15am (sun into mon) I was not able to sleep so I went on my terrace. I was sitting in my chair looking out to the sky because I knew the Sun was about to come up. Behind me the sky was very dark in front of me it was starting to get lighter and then I witnessed a bright non moving White light in the sky. It wasn't flashing at all. It was not moving in any direction. There was no sound of any kind. To the right I could see the moon,some stars and the sky was clear.

I took a video. When I started it, it was dark then as you can see in this clip, the sun's coming up which makes the light a bit clearer. There was no doubt that something was just sitting there. I also took a picture and when I enlarge it it looks weird it's not so round as it looks from afar. It was almost bean shape but I do understand there was distortion in the enlargement.This is Co-op city.The view in the video is of the neighboring buildings,park and bridge into City Island. Nothing but water after that. You can see the flashing lights from the bridge on the right side of the video. So I believe it looks like it was HOVERING over the water. 

After about 15 min I went to bed. There's nothing I could do. What's weird is I always see planes passing to land in Queens every few minutes. During this time NO planes crossed. Coming or going. 

I wouldn't have said anything but later that evening I saw a post a Facebook friend posted up earlier.It was the same footage,from their phone from Manhattan at 5:10am. That was the same time frame when I saw it.I remembered in that moment that I also had a recording. 

Less than 24hrs about 10 pm I go back on the terrace and Now there is nothing in that area. I also have that video, and everything that was in the other video is in this video except that White light.

I've never experienced anything like this before and I figured I come here for help.
