{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-24 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495330","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4160,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/330/mufon-5495330.json","updb_database_id":5495330}
{rjl} 2 Orange-Red Orbs, in tandem, appeared over power lines flying East; made abrupt 90 degree turn to North; Hovered over shipping canal; proceded North

My wife, Lise, and I were traveling east by auto on Route 131, directly behind the ALCOA Plant and parallel to the St. Lawrence Seaway Shipping Canal. The day was a high pressure day, no clouds, no aircraft were sighted and the temperature was about 60 degrees F. The sun was at the west horizon, and just barely below it. 

I observed a solid looking reddish-orange sphere flying above and along power lines that lead directly into ALCOA. They originate an the Robert Moses Power Dam that lies east northeast of ALCOA by about 5 1/2 mile.

I immediately noticed that the object did not have any lights on it as required for aircraft navigation. Upon making this observation and bringing it to my wife's attention I saw the second sphere following the first on the same flight path.

I was nearing a section of the highway that didn't allow any further observation.  We continued easterly on Route 131 for approximately 200 yards when Lise and I observed a sphere, I assumed it was the first one, cross Route 131 at right angles to the road and at an elevation of approximately 600 feet. The sphere was larger in diameter due, I assume, to our closer proximity to it. I quickly lost sight of the sphere as trees on the north side of the road blocked our view. 

I had reached the turn to the south for the Dennison Road and took the turn and stopped. Lise and I immediately saw the second sphere leaving the proximity of the power lines at a right angle and it seemed to follow the same northerly flight path of the first sphere. Again, due to trees we lost sight of the object.

I brought the vehicle back on Route 131, traveling east and sped up to allow us a better view to the north. When we reached an overgrown meadow with shorter trees we saw the first sighted object in a stationary position over the Seaway Shipping Canal. As the second object neared the position of the first sphere, the hovering sphere moved off to the north very quickly. The flight path was not a perfectly straight line but could be characterized by a slight porpoising and the object quickly became smaller to the point that it could no longer be distinguished.

The second sphere,upon reaching the recently vacated position of the first object began hovering, stationary without discernible movement. When the first sighted object was no longer discernible, the second object followed the flight path of the first sighted object until it too was no longer visible.

During our observation our conversations were quite simple like "Do you see that?" I expected that, at any time during our observation, something would happen to explain the event, such as aerial navigation lights would be turned on. Sitting along side of Route 131, with the objects no longer in sight, I asked my wife "What did you see?" as opposed to providing her with my recollections and observations that might taint her viewpoint. Her descriptions were identical to mine.

I continued easterly on Route 131 until the Eisenhower Shipping Canal Locks were in view and decided to go to the elevated tourist observation
to determine if the lock workers or the general public had the same observations that we had. Two people were at the elevated observation
location and they stated that they had not seen anything out of the usual. 

We wife and I had cell phone cameras but were too mesmerized by what we were seeing to try taking photos.
