{"collection":"UPDB-BAASS","document_date":"2009-04-22 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-baass-report-6053094","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"B-008","source_file":"UPDB-BAASS/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":6053094,"updb_source":"BAASS"}
1 Large, Round, Bright, White Light, Which Passed Through Vehicle. It Should Be Noted That This Area Does Have Low Level Military Training Routes And Is Close To Marfa, Tx. 

Catalog Entry: B-008
Time of day: Day
Weather: Clear
Witness Reactions: Yes: Witness Sauzek "I Felt Threatened By It And Then Mad Because I Felt Like Someone Or Something Was Doing This To Us. While This Thing Was In The Car I Couldn’T Move And Felt Like I Was Being Held, Not Physically, I Just Couldn’T Move On My Own." When The Light Left The Vehicle, Dunn Stated That He Could Feel His Heart Was ‘Racing’And That He Felt Clammy. He Also Had ‘Goose Bumps’. He Felt Extremely Relieved, Knowing That 
Whatever The Light Was, It Was Now Gone. He Also Felt It Unusual That The Light Being So Bright, There Were No ‘Spots Before His Eyes’, After The Incident.
Shape: Unk, Round, Appearance Of A Bicyclist Type Helmet Or The Shape Of A Motorcycle Gas Tank. It Was Like Flat On The Bottom With A Rounded Top.
Size meters: Large Like The Size Of A Motorcycle Gas Tank
Trajectory (Lift / Propulsion): Direction:east
 Movement: While driving, witnesses saw a shadow fly over the car. Almost immediately after the shadow flew over, witness saw a bright light, with some sort of mass under it in his peripheral. This light was about 300 yds. away from them, and coming at about a 45 degree angle to the vehicle. It appeared to ‘condense’ itself, similar to a bicyclist ‘crouching down’ to gain speed, the light also got brighter. Within seconds, the light hit the vehicle in the area of the right front fender/wheel area, and though there was no sound to the impact, he felt the car ‘rock’. After what seemed like a few seconds, , the light left the car out the driver’s side
 Speed:
 Distance: 150 yards
 Altitude: ground level
 Angle of Observation: 45°
 Effects:
Nature of Phenomenon: Count: 1 object
 Color: white
 Surface: Shiny Through the middle of the object (front to back), he recalls seeing a silver ‘line’ almost like mercury.
 Windows:
Light Emissions: The Back Of The Object, Appeared To Have ‘Like Streams Of Lights’ Coming From It, And Under It, Was Just Very Bright White Light. The White Light Seemed To Have Extended All The Way To The Ground. The Light Caused The Interior Of The Vehicle Became Very Bright, Like A Solid White Color.
Materials Recovered: Yes: Fingernail Samples
