Case Number: 1621 21082021

Date: August 20, 2021.

Approximate Time: 4:38 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: G. P. T., 40 years old.

Description: The informant reported having witnessed an aerial anomaly at 4:38 (HL) on Friday, August 20, 2021, while walking along Avenida Arturo Prat Chacón in the Cavancha sector, Iquique, in the Tarapacá Region.

According to his testimony, what he saw was a silent flying object,
that from a distance would be perceived as "just a yellow light," "silver" and
close up described as "round with three wings where each wing has a yellow
light and a red light and the center did not emit noise and turned slowly."
Additionally, it was indicated that it would be "the size of a soccer field," and
(sic) "Came out of the sea, then disappeared towards the Nunes, then descended
from the clouds and re-entered the sea, then appeared above me turning and
disappearing in the clouds."
The user concluded their report stating: «I was going to drop off a friend at her house and then I was walking back home through the park when I saw a light coming out of the sea, making no noise, and quickly heading towards the beach. When I reached the sand, it disappeared behind the clouds.

I stopped, and then it descended again and disappeared into the sea. Seconds later, it appeared above me, slowly moving away.»

Awaiting some means of study and in accordance with the testimony, the user's location was georeferenced at the beachfront of Cavancha Beach.
at the coordinates 30° 13’ 43’’ S and 70° 08’ 51’’ W. (Figure 1)
Figure 1
On August 23rd and 31st, 2021, a user was contacted requesting some...
study medium of what originated his report. In email of that last day,
He responded that he had no image at all, proceeding to close the case.
Images: The user indicated that he had no means to study what he reported.
Conclusion: Due to the lack of study material, it was decided to close the
investigative file in accordance with numeral 2d (Study of cases that
report images, audios or videos) of the Technical Instruction
Procedure, Research Times, Reception of Backgrounds,
Preparation of Executive Report and CEFAA Report Archiving.

Case classified as “Narrative”.
