{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-01 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492564","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/564/mufon-5492564.json","updb_database_id":5492564}
{rjl} Pair of

I was fishing a Gross Reservoir very early in the morning with a friend, we where there before the park opened and decided to fish anyway. Just before the sun was about to rise (the sky was just staring to lighten) I heard a buzzing sound echoing through the valley. It sounded alot like a florescent light that is going bad, but much louder. I looked across the lake and saw two objects moving slowly just above the surface of the water. (after measuring on a map of Gross Rez they were about 1000ft away from me) My mind could not categorize the objects, first I thought they were birds because the were moving about the same speed, maybe 15-20 mph. they were flying about 5 feet from the surface. They were flying in formation 15 ft apart from each other. As the got closer the buzzing sound got louder. This portion of the event lasted about 20 seconds. They were moving around a corner of the lake towards me, it seemed like they may have noticed us and immediately accelerated and flew over the nearest mountain and low elevation in a matter of a second or two. They made a sound like a jet flying very fast after the acceleration. unfortunately, my friends never saw the objects as he was around the corner but heard them coming and leave after they accelerated. 
 My main impression of the two objects was the fact that they did not have a surface, they radiated black light similar to a star bu in reverse. the centers had a white light but not very bright. the edges were very "wavery". I closest thing i can compare them to are ghosts, (long story but relevant at the time of sighting, (Im not crazy, Ive just had some strange experiences in my life)) 
 I am reporting this now because of a report i found on the mufon map that sounded very similar in the same location. case #40732. It is my belief that these objects were probably military as they made a sound unlike most ufo sightings.
