{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-05 01:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523564","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32379","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/564/mufon-5523564.json","updb_database_id":5523564}
Lights blink off on 5 count

At 0147 I was walking my dog to the street corner . I heard and saw a small jet pass over heading towards Tampa Airport. As I followed the jet to the horizon , I caught a flash of light from the corner of my eye. And I noted it was in the Orion constellation just below the his shield arm (upper right star from belt stars). My first thought was that it was an incoming jet to Tampa. Then it blinked again and I was sure then,that it was a jet with its bright running lights on incoming to me.I then walked my dog back up into our cul-de-sac towards our back yard. I then stopped so she could pee. I saw the light blink again .And I thought it was odd because it had not moved at all from its relative spot from within the Orion costellation. It also appeared to be somewhat dimmer X2.But still very visable. So I stopped and started to observe the light.I then noticed the light blink and it was again brighter than the last time it blinked. I then looked at it, as a banking aircraft. My military training started to kick in (7212 Stinger missle gunner 71/2 yr USMC)as I thought maybe this was a light plane or helicopter in some sort of distress or running drugs into the bay area (yeah this is a slow mover). Then I started to count in between blinks. I would get a 5 or 7 count (football count) and then the light would blink again at the same position within Orion. I then took up a spot next to a tree in my yard so I could get a movement read from the trees outline, relative to Orion. The light didn't really move. And this observation lasted about 5 minutes (and that was odd to me). Then the light juked from left to right almost to Orions belt (I was stunned).At this time I was checking myself !! The light then juked back right to left to almost the same spot under the shield star (what the hell). The light stayed in the same spot for about 2 more minutes. It then juked again right to left, but not as far . But when it blinked out this time I could make out an aura impression upon the black sky. It was like someone had had printed a grey line on a black chalk board.And it was then I noticed a residue imprint upon my left field of veiw. I then raised my right hand to get a finger distance (2).It then struck me that I may be watching an incoming missle change its course in low to mid atomosphere. I got a hold of myself and waited for the light to blink 3 more times . I picked up my dog and went back inside at 0208 and woke up my daughter and her fiancee. I told them to come outside and look at something . I didn't tell them anything else except to look at the Orion constellation, that was the only instruction/warning I gave them. For the next 4 minutes we observed the light change distance , direction and light magnatude at least 5 times ,going between Orions belt to more or less into the center of the constellation. And we asked each other during our observation are we all seeing the same thing. Yes !! The final blink was in the middle of Orion. We spent another 5 minutes waiting to spot a airplane or anything that would explain what we had just seen. We then moved from the cul-de-sac area to our side yard. Trying to get a different observation angle on the same area of the sky. Still we could not detect anything flying except about 7 to 9 herons flew over low in formation heading towards our local park.Another 5 minutes of observation and we went inside. I have lived in this same house since 2005 and I have a fair understanding of the flight pathes that local and TIA traffic travels. The only odd ball lights Ive seen so far is the occasional police or EMS copter fly over , and maybe less than a handful of light aircraft have I observed at these hours flying about. -But- this light and flight pattern did not fit any that I have ever observed either in the military or as a civilian. Please contact me via email if you have any questions. Thank you
