{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-06 23:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292564","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110758","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2297,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/564/mufon-5292564.json","updb_database_id":5292564}
Pulsating Light Appeared in the Area of the Sheep Mountain Range, North of Las Vegas

We have lived in the area of Alexander and Cliff Shadows Parkway since 2015, when our home was built. We have a 3-story house with a rooftop deck, so I spend almost every evening on our rooftop enjoying the views of the Las Vegas Strip (30 miles to the southeast), Lone Mountain (2 blocks to the northeast), and surrounding areas. I have had a couple of UFO sightings in the past 5 years, one of which I reported in 2016. However, I have never seen any lights or other objects in the place I saw this one earlier this evening. As I was looking at a private plane traveling from the west towards the east, I suddenly saw a VERY bright WHITE LIGHT appear in the area of the Sheep Mountain Range almost directly north of our house. I had my I-phone with me because I was observing planets and other stars with an app I have on my phone. It took me about a minute to start up the video recorder on my phone and the light dimmed down a bit and now pulsated red and white in no set pattern. It continued for several minutes... perhaps 4 or 5 minutes. I am attaching the video to this report. Unfortunately, I had to cut the video in order to email it to myself, but I believe I caught the light so you can get an idea of what it looked like. The rooftops that are seen in the photo are about 2 blocks away. The object seeemed like it was much futher away, perhaps as far as the Sheep Mountains. The light suddenly began with the bright white light, then dimmed and mostly appeared to flash red and white until it simply faded out.
