{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-12 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482315","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2559,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/315/mufon-5482315.json","updb_database_id":5482315}
{cak} 3 objects, 2 made no sound, 1 did, 2 upright, 1 horizontal, 20-30 lights each.

I am a priest and about 10:35 pm Tuesday July 12
I went from the house to walk over to the church to lock it for the night. 
And There were 3 things in the sky. 
The first one went over the church, looked like a standing up cross, not like a plane which would be a horizontal cross, but instead looked like a vertical cross, at first i thought it was a helicopter with a red and green light. 
But then as it got closer to me, I noticed it was moving like a fire fly, moved stopped for split second moved stopped etc. 
i heard no noise and it was flying rather low, and I thought wow the engine is not running on the helicopter, I wonder if it is going to crash. 
Then as it turned I realized it was outlined in lights, red on one side and green on the other. 
It had tons of red lights and green lights -many lights, i am sure more than 20.
Very bright lights. This thing continued to move past the church and past the trees. no noise. i was trying to see where it was going, but the tress blocked the view. 

Then a 2nd one came with the same kind of lights, but flying like one of our planes, not standing upright. This one had wings and was flying so low I thought it was going to land on my church. The green lights and red lights were so bright, it was incredible. Many lights outlining the craft. but it looked very similar to a normal plane and made a sound like a plane but not as loud as our planes that fly low. The lights were so bright, it was incredible. 

Then the 3rd was exactly like the 1st. 

The lights were bright, and flashing. 

I know our planes have lights on them, but these had several lights, just guessing maybe like 20 -30 lights. 

I didn1t know what I was supposed to do. Sadly I did not have my phone with me to take pictures. 
The objects were flying from south east to south west, in a sort of curve around the area I was in.
