{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-24 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468315","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92263","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3483,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/315/mufon-5468315.json","updb_database_id":5468315}
Shape of Tylenol capsule; Changed color like plasma horizontally left and right from green to red; rapid short movements; then hover; rapid ascent leaving atmosphere.

I was with my girlfriend at my residence in Costa Rica. The residence, where I no longer reside, is called San Nicolas de Bari Residences in Rio Oro, San Jose, Costa Rica. Located on Calle La Chimba, my apartment is on the second floor. The master bedroom has a small balcony. A very large tree is a canopy over the balcony, however visibility to the sky is excellent. (Pics and video of viewpoint I recorded, previous to sighting)

While we were resting in bed, my girlfriend said "Look, an OVNI!"

I immediately jumped out of bed and followed her to the balcony. There, to the WNW we both observed the object. Having flown helicopters and being extremely familiar with various aircraft and altitudes, I went through my mental checklist of what man-made craft it could be. It was not a drone, blimp, helicopter or any man-made aircraft. This was a rapid thought process, maybe 5 seconds. I knew precisely what I was witnessing. So too did my girlfriend (now fiance).

The craft was shaped like a Tylenol capsule (horizontally situated). The colors encompassed the entire craft and changed from red to green with some white light in the transitions. The light transitioned like plasma.

The object was not more than 1 to 2 Kilometers from our position at 200-250 Meters AGL. I first observed it hovering in one fixed place; it then moved rapidly to the left (west) and stopped in a hover; it then descended rapidly approximately 50 meters and stopped in a hover; moved right again to a hover; moved left to the previous position; and lastly ascended in a flash (mach 10+) out of the atmosphere.

I had a cell phone that was new to me and I could not figure out its video function until the object had left the atmosphere. I do have a video from that evening of me fumbling around trying to figure the phone out (attached video).

The craft we witnessed was the same (I believe) as the craft in the youtube video that reflects MUFON case #85371 (search: ufo costa rica july 2017). However our sighting was about 10 times closer than the witness in the youtube video. The object he observed appears to be bwtween 20 - 30 kilometers away. Our sighting was no more than 2 kilometers away.
