{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-26 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471315","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89161","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/315/mufon-5471315.json","updb_database_id":5471315}
{jpg} It first looked like a shooting star but then it crashed leaving no visual signs.

I was playing hide and seek and decided to hide in a special spot. I was in this spot for over 20 minutes when I realized a "shooting star" above me. But it took me about 30 seconds to realize that it was not a shooting star, but a medium sized spacecraft with a large hole in the near back of it. It crashed leaving no crash evidence. I walk towards this spacecraft telling my self that I was doing something not everyone gets to do. As I went to touch it a door slung open and these human like creatures walked out with several bad injuries. There was 24 of them alive a over 300 dead from either the crash impact or from being burnt from flames. I was scared until they started talking in some weird language. They could tell that I was confused because they pulled out a device that had many different languages from planets in our solar system and planets I never heard of. They handed me this device and I was working my way down the screen and saw the word "Earth" so I tapped it a a new screen appeared with languages that I have heard of like spanish, Chinese, Japanese, and English. I tapped English and they took this weird device away from me and then pulled out a new device that was a translation type thing. They talked in one end and it came out my end like a walkie talkie. They said and I quote " greetings young one. We where shot down by a flasher gun. My name is commander. I am sorry about this unusual event. I need a place to hide." After that I told them my name and told them it was an honor meeting them. Then I told them that they where welcome to live with me. They said " thank you for your kindness." Then they put on this necklace and shapesifted to look like us humans.them they shrunk to the size of a quarter. They then set disentigration beams to destroy all evidence from the craft. They now live among me on my grandpa and grandma's property. THEY REFUSE TO TALK TO ANYONE EXCEPT FOR ME.
