{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-30 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517315","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2895,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/315/mufon-5517315.json","updb_database_id":5517315}
(gs) Four Red Glowing orbs hovering above treetops

My wife and I were driving home from attending a wedding on Saturday, June 30, 2012 in Albany, NY over Rte 20. When we reached Lebanon, NY we turned the corner onto a long stretch of road. There were no other vehicles on the road driving at the time, Only a parked RV on the side of the road with all the lights off. The RV was parked about 1/2 mile from where we witnessed the event. 

Along this road is Lebanon Valley Speedway which could be seen, but was closed for the evening and dark. other than the street lights by the crossing area. These lights are located about 1/2 mile futher down the road from where we witnessed the phenomenom.

We noticed up in the sky on the opposite side of the road from the Speedway, four red/orange orbs hovering above the treeline. They were in a formation of a square, two on top, two below. I could not estimate the distance and height due to the darkness, but they were definately low.

The sky was clear and no clouds could be seen. There was no sound, no blinking lights, and nothing to suggest a conventional aircraft or radio tower. My first thoughts were they were either flares or fireworks.

As we watched the phenomenon, two of the objects suddenly started drifting toward the south, the other two remained stationary.

As we eventually turned the corner at the end of the road, we lost site of the objects due to trees. I wanted to turn around, but again rationalized that they were perhaps flares or some sort of fireworks. 

After pondering what I saw over a few days, I decided to search the internet just to see if there were any other sightings, with the understanding that there are lot of fake reports. However, it appears that there were sightings of these crafts all over NY state as well as all over the world on the same date (June 30, 2012) and all around the same time frame.(10:00pm) which because of the coincidence is the only reason I have filed this report.

I cannot explain what it was, and I am not a UFO buff, but I can tell you what it wasnt. It wasnt an airplane, and it wasnt helicopters. They were too large to be chinese laterns or balloons, and Ive never seen fireworks that release large orbs in a square formation and just hover in the sky with no smoke trail.
