{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-01 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488315","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3584,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/315/mufon-5488315.json","updb_database_id":5488315}
{nd} Had a sighting of a craft that lasted several minutes.

It's taken me 41 years to say anything about this to anyone other than family or my best friend that was with me when we say it.
We were on our way home from her boyfriends house about 10:30 at night, we were going north on Catherdral Oaks Rd in Goleta Ca. We noticed a light coming from the foothills to our right. This was really strange because there isn't anything out there except ranches, orchards and we later found out an electrical plant. I was about 17 and had grown up in Goleta and I never knew there was an electrical plant back there. We first noticed it when we were about one mile from Glen Annie Rd where we were going to make a left hand turn to go home. Because there is nothing but ranches and orchards out there and no street lights it is dark, but I remember it was a clear night with lots of stars, so the light we saw really stood out. It was coming towards us but traveling above Glenn Annie Rd from the hills. I was the first one to see it and pointed out to my bestfriend, neither of us knew what it was and I don't think neither of us really wanted to say what we thought it was, a UFO. When we got to Glenn Annie to make our left turn this thing got there at the same time we did. My bestfriend wanted to stop and check it out and I made her go. It hovered right above the eucalyptus trees and followed us for a couple of seconds. It was so low it felt like we could have touched it. Then it was just gone, it went straight up and within seconds it was gone. On the rest of our ride home we were trying to figure out what we had seen. We went through a list, helicopter, plane, you name it we were thinking about it, everything but a UFO. We decided that it had to be a UFO and we decided NEVER to tell anyone about it. By this time we were both pretty shock up. It scared me so bad that when I got home I went into my Mom's room woke her up and slept with her for the next week. I really thought they were going to come & get me. When my bestfriend got home she called me and we talked about it more. My Mom checked with some people she knew that were in the Air Force and stationed at Vandenberg AFB and they hadn't heard of anything. They also told my Mom that they see them a lot out on base. 

I forgot to describe it. It was disc shaped and it had a white color light on the bottom until it started to leave then it turned a warm red color. It seemed like it was going to follow us. It stayed right with us until we got to where we could see the lights from the gas station.

Before this happened I really never gave UFOs any thought but now I think about them a lot and when it's clear outside and we can see the stars I'm not only looking at the stars but looking to see if I see anything else flying around up there. I really truly believe that people will not believe they are real until they actually see one and then some of them are going to try and explain them away, it's not that easy.
