{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529766","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/766/mufon-5529766.json","updb_database_id":5529766}
Large Glowing Orbs in Sky

I spotted 3 glowing balls of light when I walked past my sliding glass door heading into the kitchen at approximately 8:30pm on Sunday, Sept 26. These orbs lasted for around 20 mins. I was unsure of what these orbs were but they were so close to one another I knew it wasn't just a plane. One glowing orb would maintain it1s bright pulsating light and hovered pretty stationary and the others would pulse in and out.  I grabbed the nearest video camera I could find, which happened to be a low-end FLIP. My 16 yr old son also witnessed it and was running around trying to find the lens for my telescope the entire time in an attempt to get a closer look at these objects. After video taping these objects for approximately 20 mins, the smaller objects disappeared and the larger Orb all of the sudden went out and a flashing red light appeared that looked like a plane but I got to thinking if there was intelligent life out there, replicating the lights on a plane to fly around unnoticed is probably what they would do.

We leave about 40 miles from O1Hare airport and my husband who is a skeptic and was out of town at the time of the sighting saw the videos when he got back from his business trip and he thought they were planes with their landing lights on. So we monitored the sky for the next several days, including same day/time as the sighting on the 26th thinking that if this was a normal route for planes landing at O1Hare we would have been able to reproduce the video. We did spot a few planes with their landing lights on but those were not even bright enough to be picked up by the FLIP (trying to reproduce the video using the same camera).
