{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-25 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546766","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/766/mufon-5546766.json","updb_database_id":5546766}
4-6 brilliant red objects moving rapidly E-W 20-25deg above S horizon

Sometime shortly after 7:00pm CDT 25nov09 I witnessed 4-6 brilliant pinkish-red objects moving rapidly from east to west about 25 degrees above the southern horizon. I observed the phenomenon from my home while burning trash outdoors. My location was (is) approximately seven miles NW of Ada, Oklahoma in a rural setting. The weather was clear, sky fairly dark (about 1 1/2 hours after local sunset), and practically no wind (smoke from the trash fire rising straight into the sky). I at first believed I was seeing fireworks, particularly because of the color (definitely the pinkish-red observed with strontium salt pyrotechnics) and the rapidity of motion. The duration was very brief, 2-3 seconds at the most, and I did witness the event in its entirity. I listened for a report, but heard none; and I did not see smoke or a cinder/ash cloud as would be expected from pyrotechnics. These objects did not increase or decrease in brightness; they simply appeared while in motion and then disappeared very shortly thereafter. The motion of the objects was also trending slightly upward as they moved from east to west. The appearance was so brief that I was unable to accurately count the number of objects, hence the 4-6 estimate. There is a significant treeline about 1/4 mile due south of my property that obscures the first 10-15 degrees of the horizon, and the objects were an apparent 8-10 degrees above it. I must assume from that observation alone that the objects were at least one mile to my south, but they could have been much further. I simply could not judge the distance in such a short time, and as a consequence, I had no real reference on which to estimate their velocity. They were moving quickly, (shooting would be a good description of their motion), and there was no change in velocity or direction for the duration of the display. I can state with certainty, that the objects were not aircraft, astronomical bodies, aurorae, commercial lighting, wildlife, or combustible gas from decaying organic matter. I don't believe the light was reflected at all; it seemed to be generated by the objects. The brilliance of the light was notable, very bright like fireworks or emergency flares. The lack of sound was also notable, it was a very quiet and still evening, and I heard nothing except for the fire burning in the barrel I was tending. And I must state that the aforementioned fire was well to one side (15-20 feet) and out of the line of sight to these objects. I informed my wife of my observation immediately after it occured, but she did not witness anything herself. I also told my oldest daughter almost a day later at Thanksgiving dinner, and she was clearly skeptical and more or less dismissed the whole thing as some kind of silliness on my part. That skepticism alone convinced me to report the phenomenon to this site. I have been actively observing aerial phenomena for over 43 years, and I am familiar with both astronomical and terrestrial objects that are commonly mistaken for UFOs (and I hesitate to even use the term UFO for all the negative connotation associated with it). I cannot explain what I saw to my own satisfaction, therefore I submit the observation here for consideration by others more experienced in the field. I'm curious to know if anyone else has experienced a similar sighting, and of course, if it has been explained to their satisfaction.
