{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457766","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103796","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3259,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/766/mufon-5457766.json","updb_database_id":5457766}
{tjd} Brief Sighting ,Moving object with unusual circular blue lights in dark sky at night

on 1 Oct 2019, approximately 10pm, while riding home on my motorcycle, traveling east on W.Pine st, Mary Esther, FL, i saw an object pass by overhead at a very low altitude. it literally passed right over me, coming from the North, heading South at a diagonal and then it curved slightly to the left (east).

i didn't hear it make any noise. the reason i noticed it was because i noticed two blue rings of light from my right peripheral vision, after it passed over. if the object had any sound, then it was not loud enough to cancel out the sound of my motorcycle, which is not loud at all.

what i saw: two distinct circular rings of blue light, spaced apart horizontally, it had a florescent or neon quality to the blue light... and i also saw a red light (i believe it was in between the two blue lights and it may have blinked). the object was dark or black, cigar shaped like the engines of an A-10 Warthog or similar twin engine fighter aircraft. as it flew by, i am seeing it from the rear. it looked similar to a silhouette of an A-10 Warthog engines, but only the shape, size and spacing of the engines, nothing else. if you can imagine the rear of an A-10, those rings of fluorescent / neon blue light, would be surrounding the "engines". 

the sighting only lasted a few seconds, because i was traveling East on my motorcycle at about 25 mph and the object was traveling South and South-East... i tried to slow down to look off to my right as the object flew by.

the object was not moving slow and not moving fast, it moved very smooth and gracefully. due to the location, altitude of object and my movement, the sighting lasted only a few seconds, as the surrounding trees and residential roof tops quickly obstructed my view.

location: 30°24'53.2"N 86°47'45.4"W the attached file is a screenshot of a google map of the location.

note: military aircraft do routinely fly several miles north of this area for bombing and target practice. there is a bombing range a few miles to the north of my home but military aircraft never come this low or close to the residential area... and even when the military aircraft fly in the area, they are very loud, usually very high up and they can be heard from miles away. what i saw was not a military aircraft... we have AC-130 gunships and V-22 Osprey, from Hurlburt Field that fly near here, the Ospreys are very loud, i am very familiar with those aircraft and 100% absolutely sure it was not them.
