{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-10 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496766","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62614","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2613,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/766/mufon-5496766.json","updb_database_id":5496766}
{cak} Over 15 minute period observed 11 significant bright lights traveling East to West pass directly overhead.

On January 10, 2015 between 8:45pm and 9:00 pm, Sharpsburg, GA... observed 11 large bright lights travel (from horizon to horizon) East to West in a straight line of travel. Night sky was relatively clear. There was no noise from the lights. Objects appeared to be in low earth orbit. 

1. First was two lights traveling abreast of one another. Followed these lights until I could no longer see them on the horizon.

2. Before I lost sight of the first two lights another two lights appeared from the East. This time the lights were again traveling abreast of one another but the more southerly light was trailing the northerly light slightly but seemed to be moving slightly faster than the northerly light. by the time the lights were directly overhead the southerly light had moved even with the northerly light and gradually seemed to move ahead of the northerly light.

3. The subsequent seven lights were single observations that followed tracked along the same East/West path with approximately the same duration between objects (just about the time I would lose sight of the Westerly object another would appear from the East).

Please Note:
Myself and one other person witnessed this event.

I first tried to explain it away as the space station must be separating from a shuttle capsule (but the direction seemed wrong), then the other lights started appearing and my explanation fell apart quickly. 

I am sixty two years old, I grew up about 7 miles from Johnson Space Center in Houston, TX. I have been following the space program all of my life. I have seen hundreds upon hundreds of satellites in the night skies. I have seen the Space Shuttle separate from the space station in the early evening sky. 

Before today, I have never been compelled to report an event such as this to anyone. I'm sure there could be a explanation, but I know not what that explanation is at this time.
