{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481766","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78222","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7209,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/766/mufon-5481766.json","updb_database_id":5481766}
{dr}While fishing, lights underwater, light in eyes, two UFO lights in sky, one over the lake one behind tree line, lights in woods in middle of no where.

Throughout my childhood my family and I would take a vacation to a bed and breakfast called the Hazen Inn located in northern WI. While at the inn we would partake in a variety of actives, one of which being fishing. My dad would fish all day and then I would always join him at night to go fishing from about 7pm until 11pm for muskies. Going night fishing was nothing new to the both of us as we had been doing this for many years before this on Long Lake (the lake the bed and breakfast was on). I remember the experience almost as if it had happened yesterday. Only two of the events I am unsure about, but I will make that clear when I tell the story. 

One night, after dinner, my dad and I went fishing. The night started out as any other night would. We were fishing on the southern end of the lake as the sun was on the cusp of setting behind the trees. I casted my bait out into the sun's reflection on the water, as I normally would hoping a fish would be in that golden strip of light, when my dad, who was behind me, exclaimed, "Look at that!." I turned around expecting to see a musky following his bait in when to my surprise, there was nothing. I asked him what he saw, he just looked at me, shook his head and said, "nothing." I turned back around not thinking much about the event. I then took another cast out toward the shore where the sun was once showing. As I was bringing my bait in, my eyes began to wander and make observations about the shoreline and water. After a little my eyes began to look at the waves right next to the boat when I noticed two green glowing lights at the bottom of the lake shining up toward me. The lights almost looked like a car's headlights at the bottom of the lake, shining up through the murky green water. The quickly exclaimed, "Dad look!" as he turned and I looked back where the lights were, they had vanished. He asked what I saw and I tried to explain what I had seen. He then verified that he had seen the exact same thing moments before. Little did we know that this would only be the beginning to one of the most terrifying moments of our lives.

Not feeling too scared by the event we continued fishing. After taking another cast I noticed two white flashing lights above the tree line. The lights were in a vertical line flashing at the same time in a steady pulse off an on. Being in northern Wisconsin and fishing this lake many times, I could not recall a radio tower ever being there. I asked my dad, "do you remember there being a radio tower there?" He looked at it but could not recall a tower ever being there. We stared at the tower for a minute or two when the lights began to move apart. One of the lights went beyond the tree line while the other flew to the northern part of the lake into the town. Normally, we would brush the experience off as being air planes; however, the flashing light to the one flying over the lake was moving in random direction. With a plane you can normally track where a plane will appear next in the night sky, but with this there was no clear path as to where it was going to appear next. In this moment we knew that we were witnessing a UFO. Feeling trapped, my dad being the comic relief to all situations said to me, "lets try communicating with it." I got a little smile on my face from the little joke as my dad went to the navigation lights on our boat. He put his hand on the switched the lights on and off three times. On the third flash, out of no where, we were the sound of a saucer buzzing our heads. The sound can only be compared to perhaps the sound that the cars make on the cartoon show The Jetsons. Feeling scared out of our minds my Dad then said, perhaps those were birds to which I said, "Those were no f$#&ing birds dad." He looked at me know that to be the truth. In this moment, I am not positive of this, but a green light (for a moment) flashed me in the eyes to which I could not see. I say that I am not sure because it only happened to me and it was brief. 

In this moment I distinctly remember looking around the lake. Normally, at night, the lake has activity on or around it. Whether that means a pontoon boat riding around or someone around a campfire, normally there is some type of human presence. In this night, there was nothing. The colors almost seemed to be vanished and the whole lake appeared black and white as if we had just entered a story book. With our navigation lights off, my dad and I slowly began to move into shore in the dark of the night as if we were being hunted. We eventually came up to a desolate spot on the shore well away from houses. My dad, being the crazy fisherman he is, said to me that he had seen some bait fish earlier today off of the shore and thought perhaps they may have moved in closer to shore and muskies may have came up to feed on them. So he stopped the boat and took some casts. Not moving I stayed put in my seat. Right into the first cast we noticed a light in the middle of the woods. At this point it was pitch black in the middle of the north woods. It could have maybe been a person, but the chances of that seem unlikely. My dad would explain the light as an intense light that was bouncing around in the woods. In this moment we didn't even turn the engine on. We quietly trolled down the shore line until we approached a house. The house was either red or green, I believe it was the red house at the end of Charlyes Road on the bay of the lake. The lights were around this house again. We sat in silence as we watched the lights dance around on trees behind the house. Every light in the cabin was on. At some point, the lights from behind the cabin began tracing the outer edge of the windows on the front of the cabin. The light did this for each window on the cabin. Then, as if a light switch had been hit, all the lights in the woods and all the lights in the cabin went out at once. 

We slowly made our way back to the bed and breakfast fully expecting to intercepted on the pier where we tied our boat up. To our joy, we did not run into anything else. We quickly drove back up the hill and into the inn. We ran into my mom and told her to the story to which she verified that she also heard the buzzing sound a half mile down the lake from where we were. She was up in her room reading a book. To this day, we have been unable to explain the events we experienced, but it makes for a great story to tell friends who are interested.
