{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-30 11:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462766","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98202","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3394,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/766/mufon-5462766.json","updb_database_id":5462766}
{tjd} rectangle shaped object slow moving constant altitude

I left work in my car for lunch traveling east, looked to my left and spotted a dark rectangle shaped object in the sky that appeared motionless. I slowed my vehicle to observe the object and the vehicle behind had to slow as well. I continued east for 0.9 miles continuing to keep an eye on this object. I pulled over into the Mammy's Kitchen breakfast restaurant parking lot and exited my car to take a video. I recorded the object for 1 minute and 28 seconds. During the recording, it passed behind a tree very close to me, approximately 60 feet north of my location. At this time I moved west approximately 10 feet to get a better view. The object very slowly moved at the same altitude heading North/Northwest, and then passed behind some sort of tower (cellular, etc). At this point, roughly 1 minute and 20 seconds into the recording, you will notice at the top of the video an airplane making its approach to the Atlanta-Jackson Hartsfield Airport. This area is known for regular approaches into the Atlanta Airport. Once it passed behind the tower, I stopped the video and began a 2nd video that lasted 10 seconds in which the object was beginning to get smaller as it moved further away from my location. As it began to move behind a tree that was in the adjacent parking lot from me (North), I stopped the video and waited for it to appear on the opposite side in which I recorded the 3rd and last video which lasted 15 seconds showing the object moving even further away. During all 3 videos, the object appeared to be moving at a constant speed, at a constant altitude and in the same constant direction. When I watched the video back in slow motion, frame by frame, there appears to be moments when the object emits light (unless it is the auto-focus of the video). The object also appears to be either rotating or part of the exterior is almost "fluid" like, especially around the "top" perimeter of the object.

My first reaction was a banner being flown by an aircraft, but I couldn't find the aircraft. At that point I knew I had something unique that I needed to record. I shared my video with colleagues and friends. They too were perplexed with the recording and continue to ask me about it even as I am writing this report. I would be completely satisfied if this was a known object and just as satisfied if it could not be proven as a known object. Either way, it is a unique object and it has my curiosity. Enjoy the videos!
