{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-11-15 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520766","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35651","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2285,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/766/mufon-5520766.json","updb_database_id":5520766}
2 bullet-shaped objects chasing a multi-engine propeller airplane

Is there any information about a sighting in the Kerrville, Texas area near the airport one morning in 1968-1971? I witnessed these flying objects when I was in my early teens, but I cannot remember exactly what day, month or year, and I had no idea how to report it at the time. I have reason to believe it was seen by others, also.

My house was on the side of a hill facing south. The airport was beyond another range of hills to the south. I was standing outside my front door waiting for my mother to take me to school. Before she came out of the house, at approximately 8 AM, I heard a multi-engine airplane very close. I looked out across the valley and the plane was coming directly toward me, slightly below my level in the valley. The engines seemed to be screaming at full throttle and as it rose to clear my house and the hill where I was standing, it appeared to be pursued by 2 bullet-shaped objects. They changed position in relation to the airplane as they zoomed overhead: one came from behind to above the plane, the other came from one side of the plane to in front, as if leading it. They disappeared above and behind me over the top of the hill.

The objects were about 20 feet long, flat gray in color, with flat orange tip and flat orange band around the back end. There were markings in black on the side, but no symbols I recognized. There were no fins or control surfaces visible, and if they made any sound, it was drowned out by the whine/roar of the plane engines. The plane appeared to be a cargo plane of some sort, and I believe it had 4 engines, was silver-gray and approximately 50 - 60 ft long.
