{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-22 22:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467766","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92882","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3436,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/766/mufon-5467766.json","updb_database_id":5467766}
{rjl} Daughter and I observed cross-like UFO moving fast through eastern and northern sky with directional changes

While sitting outside in our back yard, smoking a cigar and talking with my 17 year old daughter I observed a cross-like object moving very fast from south to north. This was a very clear night with excellent visibility. It had the shape of what my daughter later described as a "ghost plane". She did not initially see the object as it moved out of sight very quickly, but within seconds she called out that she saw it as it was moving in different directions slightly further to the north. I only saw it for a fraction of a second before it disappeared, but what I did see and what she described was identical to what I had just previously seen. The object seemed to fade out of sight as if it were a long way off (miles). 
She stated that she saw the object move in at least four different directions but that she never really saw it physically turn. She described it as moving very quickly and in several directions. 
The object itself had a misty light to it. It was distinct and visible enough to distinguish clearly from other objects in the night, but the misty light made it impossible to determine its distance. If I were to guess, I would say that it was very far away. When I initially saw it, I was surprised and could not compare it with anything that I know of. If I had to describe it in more detail I would say that it had the shape of a conventional high wing single engine aircraft, but for its size it would have only been approximately 750 to 1000 feet away. The cross-like shape and ghostly light were the most distinctive things about the craft (apart from its speed). The speed of the object was not as fast a meteor or shooting star, but was way faster than any aircraft I am aware of.
There was a notable amount of air traffic as well. I would say that I noted approximately 7 aircraft in air visible (standard aviation lights and strobes) to me within the first few minutes of the sighting. I will say nothing seemed unusual about the aircraft other than the number.
We continued to watch for some time but with no further sightings of the mysterious object.  
My first reaction was amazement at the speed and ghostly shape of the object. That soon turned into me questioning what I had just seen, but when my daughter saw it and pointed into the sky and I seeing it briefly know that it was not my mind playing tricks on me. When my daughter described it as a "ghost plane" I thought that was a perfect description based on my observations.
Due to our surprise and the quickness of the event, we have no picture or video evidence of the object.
I made no contact with local law enforcement.
We will continue to watching to see if we can get another glimpse of the object and maybe get some video.
