{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491707","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/707/mufon-5491707.json","updb_database_id":5491707}
Myself and 2 friends saw a grounded UFO in a field, whilst driving home from another friends house.

I was at a friends house with 2 of my friends. My friends house which we were at is opposite the RAF base St Athan, Wales UK. After leaving the house we drove parallel wth the Air Force Base, after leaving the small town of St Athan we entered the "Lanes" (which is the described for countryside roads with hedgerows commonly found in the UK). 
As we passed the Air Force base on the left of the road entering the "Lanes" car heading Aprox NW there is a field which is surrounded by hedgerows, I could not describe the size of this field as I do no longer live in the UK, but it is larger than 100m2 from memory.
In the field there was a gigantic object which was not a farming vehicle, not a plane or helecopter.
The filed was designed to hold livestock so it wasn't a combine harvester which some people may have suggested. 
The object was the width of the field, measuring Aprox 5m high (floating, hovering, stationary) off the ground Aprox 5-10m.
It appeared to be MATT WHITE, and there where very bright spotlights coming out at various angles, the object was shaped like a typical Dimond jewel shape, upturned with the point cut off flat edge down.
There where no military personal around, which is surprising considering that it was not even 1km away from one of the largest RAF base in the UK. 

I have always wondered what this object could have been, there was no other sightings recorded or documented in the area of where my friends and I had seen it. 
I have searched the Internet and I have never seen an object of the same shape, or have I ever seen anything close to its size which was "landed"

Another point to make was that during this sighting I was driving the car, I was so fascinated at the time that I was staring at the object not concentrating on the road, I slowed right down but did not stop to get out and look closer, something just kept me driving. I also managed to cross my lane onto the other side of incoming traffic, but at this time of around 1am there was no other cars and I was not drunk.

The reason I have left this information here is that I want it documented as it was part of my life, I had never witnessed a flying UFO. Nor was I interested in looking for x
I do believe that we are not alone, and I have ever danced been interested in conspiracy theories and other Unexplained events. Thanks.
