{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-22 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489707","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69902","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2662,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/707/mufon-5489707.json","updb_database_id":5489707}
{jpg} Two wittnesses at ten minutes apart saw one of two red orangish oval shaped ovjects fly over the Colorado River from the South then ascend into the sky at high speeds and vanish.

At approximately 8:45ish on the night of August the 22nd 2015 my girlfriend was leaving her home to come to visit me and as she left her home about a tenth of a mile from mine, she noticed an red orangish orb object flying in a straight path above the Colorado River. (We both live by the river front). By the time she drove to my house and I went out doors to greet her, our attention was drawn to a second object in the sky, same color, no sound, flying just above the Casino's. We assumed the last one observed was following the direction of the first one. We observed the last one together and argued it was drones or something known since it had no sound and they were following one another but then the last one did something I don't believe a drone could do. The second orb after it passed by all the Casino's slowly as though looking for something, suddenly began an ascent into the night sky at a very rapid speed and a few blinks later it was beyond sight, vanished. I have witnessed, as your records will reflect, many UFO's in my lifetime but I have never seen anything like this. I searched for other sightings around or near my site and it appears that people in Phoenix were inundated with sightings on the same night. They did not describe these objects though. Just one last note; all the animals in the neighborhood were acting neurotic, the feral animals I feed outdoors failed to show up for their nightly food, which is highly irregular, domestics were howling, my cats trying to hide and then after these things came and went, every animal was fine. My girlfriend was electrified with electric static for a few days afterwards, everything she touched gave her a shock but I didn't have the same thing. I just got spooked living alone and couldn't sleep well for a few nights. Neither of us had our cell phones with us and did not take pictures. Sorry.
