{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-22 22:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524707","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2724,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/707/mufon-5524707.json","updb_database_id":5524707}
Observed multiple objects, at two different locations. Four out of the five objects were very high in altitude. The second sighting with the storm was lower.

Sighting #1 Revere Mn
Stepped outside, sky was clear, looked up and said do see that satellite? It was heading north. Then we noticed a second satellite heading south. As they pated in close proximity, the north bound one disappeared. The south bound one stopped. The color was amber/orange. The object started zig zagging then stopped. A short distance away, we saw a light of the same color come on. Then they both zigged zagged some then stopped. I grabbed my binoculars and looked up. That is when I noticed there was what appeared to be 5 different colored lights. They also appeared to be chevron shaped. After about 20-30 minutes, a third object appeared. That too, zig-zagged in the sky then stopped. Again we could see different colored lights. We also witnessed that they would just disappear. Then the lights would come back on. They appeared to be stationary when this was done. About another 10 minutes later, we saw a very bright sphere appear out of know where the streak off to the southwest at an extremely high rate of speed. This was just a second in duration. This was all witnessed by six people.

We were all astonished at what we seen. We have never seen anything like this.

Sighting #2
Walnut Grove, Mn. about 1 AM on the 23rd of Aug. We were outside watching an approaching thunderstorm with an immense amount of lighting. I thought the storm was moving to the south east vice east. I noticed a star to the northwest. My wife said the was a plane because the oject was moving slow. Again, the object was on a straight path then changed direction instantly. The object appeared sphere in shape and yellow/red in color. This object zig-zagged also then hovered. It appeared the object would zig-zag in conjunction with the lighting. It appeared to remain at the edge of the storm. We watched this for about 15 minutes. The object was stationary and a constant color when the object just turn off the light. We did not see it again.
