{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-15 22:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287707","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115667","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2744,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/707/mufon-5287707.json","updb_database_id":5287707}
Six bright white fast moving lights appeared above us, one of which passed under a jet and followed our boat.

My friend and I were fishing heading South from Bemus Point toward Celeron to dock his pontoon boat. I looked up and directly above the boat was a bright white light heading west to east over the lake, about the speed of an airplane. The light looked like a star, but was much brighter and larger. It was traveling quickly, as fast as a plane would, but it was well below where planes and jets fly, maybe a few hundred feet above the boat. I pointed it out to my friend who confirmed he saw it too, which was a coincidence because we had discussed recent news reports of UFOs earlier in the evening. As we continued to watch it, the light suddenly faded away into clear sky A few minutes later I looked up and the same or similar light object was again above the boat as we traveled south. Again, it move eastward and vanished in approximately the same location as the first object, but instead of fading away, I would describe it as vanishing instantly. At that point, I sent another friend of mine a text message at 10:08pm that we just saw two UFOs in the sky above the lake. At 10:21 again, the same or similar light appeared above the boat (lat: 42.124, long -79.354). I was able to video record the object as it tracked above us, passing well beneath a passenger jet that was also in the sky, and over toward the eastern side of the lake. It went further than the other objects and didn’t vanish. It paused, turned south east and began tracking us down the lake until we lost sight of it. Given the darkness of the night and fact that I only had a cell phone, the video is poor quality but contains our description of the events. Several minutes later, we spotted another light above the boat moving west but vanishing before I could get it on video. Another few minutes later we spotted a sixth light, this time much higher in the sky, before it flashed a red light and appeared to split into two parts while vanishing.
