{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500707","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58385","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/707/mufon-5500707.json","updb_database_id":5500707}
{rjl} Husband and I observed a bright light in the night sky. The light got brighter and larger as it grew closer. The object maneuvered fast going different directions in the sky before, hovering just off our property line. it radiating colors.

I was asked by [name removed/cms/rjl] to fill out this form. I filled out the MUFON questionnaire and scored a 24 out of 30. [name removed/cms/rjl]contacted me and she put me in touch with Michele. After speaking to him about what seems to be a lifetime of possible abductions, he asked me to fill this form out. The only memory I have of seeing a UFO was the night I was on my back deck with my husband. We observed a bright light grow and quickly maneuver in the sky. It mad directional changes that seemed impossible. As it appeared closer, the light grew larger and hovered just off our property line, but still high in the sky. I ran inside the house to lock the doors, feeling of fear came over me. My husband would not come in so I went back out so I wouldn't be alone. We watched the hovering light for a while.I have had strange paranormal occurrences for as long as I can remember. I thought it was normal and that the house was haunted. My mother had very strange thing happen as well. In 2010 after the light in the sky I started to have 1sleep paralysis1 After having it in 2010 I remembered that I use to have thing all the time as a child throughout my teens. I found it very odd that I would forget something like that. In 2013 I had another 1Sleep Paralysis1 episode, this time I was fully awake, fought off my attackers and was able to recall more of what happened the next day. I also had bruises and marks on my legs and body. After the encounter I no longer thought I was dealing with ghost or sleep paralysis. 
I was the only one awake and I was watching shark week late night. I was sitting in my bed and the room light up. I walked to my window, where the light was coming from, and looked out. I couldn't see anything so I got back in bed and as I looked up at the T.V. I could see a dark figure standing at the foot of my bed. I stared at it, and it stared at me. I was trying to figure out what it was. I felt like it was trying to force me to sleep, like I was being sedated and paralyzed. Over the years I had developed a strong intuition, and empathic abilities so I attempted to mentally fight back. I refused to sleep! A second shadow appeared and zapped me! My head felt like it was going to explode; I could hear a loud noise that vibrated from my ears and head down my body. It zapped me three times before rendering me unconscious. I never thought about the possibility of Aliens before this night. I always thought I was a demon or ghost that was tormenting me over the years but after that night I started to look into the possibility. This year I have seen these things 5 or 6 times in the last few months Monday July 21st being the most recent. I can't remember much just bits but I see the evidence the next day. I have been taking pictures of the 1scoop marks1, scars and bruising on my body. My oldest son has seen them too on the same nights I have but has no marks.
