{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-16 20:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469707","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90807","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2959,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/707/mufon-5469707.json","updb_database_id":5469707}
I was looking to the SW just above cloud line - star like thing appeared -was stationary, pulsing white, orange-red and green

I live on the 5th floor of an apt. building which is on a high hill. I stepped outside onto my balcony around 7 p.m. and first noticed the sky was clear and blue but noticed an odd looking cloud shelf low in the horizon going left to right and I noticed a boom-arang shaped "cloud" just above the cloud shelf - I looked at it through the binoculars and it seemed to be made up of tiny horizontal dashes - not normal cloud material. It didn't move throughout this sighting. Then I began noticing pitch black "worm-like" lines - some coming up from this cloud shelf then more descending from the middle of the blue sky (it's getting dusk at this point) then I began seeing more worm-like black lines starting at the top of the cloud shelf and going up and to the left as if drawing lines in the sky. I've never seen anything like this in my life (I'm 58). Then I called my sister and while I had her on the phone describing these bizarre black lines in the sky suddenly to the west what looked like a very bright star just appeared (clear sky) and it was pulsing white, red/orange and green and getting brighter then 4 more smaller orange/red pulsing lights appeared at the same time around this larger pulsing thing. Then suddenly all 5 objects disappeared - went dark. They didn't move around at all while they were visible. It's now night time - dark out and I haven't seen anything else unusual. This is crazy. I took the pictures attached but they're hard to see - I was shaking watching these black worm things in the sky so the pictures are blurry and not all worm like things showed up. I think the picture with the vertical red lights are from a tv tower. You can barely make out the black worm things and I didn't capture the pulsing star-like objects - it was too dark outside at that point. I only got pictures of the boomarang cloud and black worm things.
