{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-09 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288707","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114656","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/707/mufon-5288707.json","updb_database_id":5288707}
V-formation of about 20 white/metallic objects seen over the west Salem area that then shifted to a swirling movement before disappearing.

In west Salem, OR, at around 2 p.m. or so on Friday, April 9th, my wife and I were arriving home from a walk. It was clear-blue skies sunny, and there was no detectable wind or breeze. As we were nearing our house (walking towards the north), we noticed a couple turkey-vultures soaring low over houses towards the west. Then, just past the two birds I noticed a V-formation of what I at first thought were about 20 birds, but instantly noticed that these “birds” did not have wings flapping to keep them in motion and that they were white and circular in shape; and as they moved I could see an occasional metallic glint/shine come off some of the objects.
The V-formation was not completely flat in orientation, it looked like the formation was in a slight banking maneuver. Then the front of the formation changed quickly from a sharp V to a more rounded front, almost like a U formation. There was no noise emanating from these objects (with no other sounds coming from any car, helicopter, or airplane in the distance, either) and there was no blinking navigation lights or contrails seen behind these objects as they moved. 
As the objects neared the northwesterly viewpoint from us, the formation started to break apart and climbed/ascended a bit, stopping (in a near stationary point) in front of my wife and I in the northerly direction where they begin twisting/gyrating around, with some objects threading in between the others, but kept a constant swirling and banking motion. As they banked and swirled in unison, I noticed that in some positions the white color turned gray (which made me think I was seeing the underside of these objects), but then as they turned/swirled back towards us we could see metallic glints/shine in the sunlight before they turned white in appearance again.
My wife and I were a bit stunned by what we were seeing. These objects were clearly not birds, planes, helicopters, balloons, or drones. They were at first in tight formation moving silently from our left but then stopped in front/above us (probably at a 70-degree angle) and it looked like they were all chaotically chasing each other round and round with some dodging between the others. They did not travel any further to the northeast but just kept this up this chaotic looking tight swirl as they “chased” each other. 
My wife tried using her phone to video it but said she could not see them in her viewfinder; I decided to run into the house and grab my binoculars, but when I ran outside again (in what was no more than about 15 seconds), they were gone. My wife said they just seemed to disappear behind what looked like a very thin grayish-looking “mist” (whereas the rest of the sky in that northerly direction was cloudless and blue).
