{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-01-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526300","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29393","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2709,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/300/mufon-5526300.json","updb_database_id":5526300}
Ref. doc MUFON had 6/4/2011 on Ch Green.09.00

I myself have my P.P.L and have seen several flying objects day and night that I could not explain, but by reporting these incidents the FAA has a history of reviewing the person not the object,I'm sure MUFON knows the reported files of such investigations.I also feel the objects I have observed are explainable upon further review.
 Ref. Mexico doc Jan. 1st 2008. My brother-inlaws job has him flying all over the U.S/Mexico.I remember him telling about his Mexico trip on Jan 1st,seeing all the fireworks as he departed Jan 1/2008. One part stood out that he asked myself about flying at night and if I had every observed a orb or flash/flare move in directions that seemed to have a control pattern. He would not give much detail about what he observed, all he would say is what ever he saw that night he didn't want to observe again. He's the type not to say or ask something unless he's interested.
 The Mexioc doc.seemed to be based around the reported day pictures being tampered with, but the night videos being more of interest to the team. I've spoke to several other friends that have P.P.L and one said he had learned that on the 4th of July and Jan 1st the stats are very high of UFO reports. This friend is retired from Nasa and said a study finding, that he took part in 1989 showed that some of the powder use to make colors and forms of the firework has a active PF665Z which was removed due to a harmful results if inhaled or if mixed with certain fules This subtance has been used to from particals of all shapes and if the temp, humity, and wind is patterned. It can form visual apperances that are very misleading even to the trained eye.  
 Just a thought and a questioned and he said it's still being used on the black market today mainly in other areas of the world.
 I have checked and researched several websites for this PF665Z and have found nothing about or related to this subtance. I don't know if this info is of any help to your investigations, but it seemS possibly a link to reported sightings on the dates given.  
 Thank you for your time. B.Wright
