{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-11-20 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452300","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109342","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/300/mufon-5452300.json","updb_database_id":5452300}
Hovering over tree tops beside road I was driving on

I had to drive to the nearest store around 9 PM one night which was about 3 miles from my country home. I found that store had already closed so I had to drive an additional 3 miles to a convenience store near the outskirts of town. When I was driving back, there was no other traffic in sight and it was a beautiful moon-lit night. As I approached near the top of an elevating slight curve of the highway at first I noticed very bright lights at tree top level. My first thought was when did someone put up a water tower here and why didn't I see it when I passed by a few minutes ago? What I was seeing was on the other side of the highway across from the first store that I had found closed just minutes before. As I approached closer, I noticed what I thought was a big, metal water tower. had no supporting structure. Then the bright lights faded and I saw it was a metallic looking object as large as a house hovering above the trees next to the highway to the left of me. It had big white lights (round shape) that seemed to be revolving around it and 2 orange lights that didn't revolve. The lights were not so bright that they blinded me so I could see the moon shining on the top of it like a metal roof on a barn.  I stopped and rolled down my window to make sure I wasn't seeing some kind of reflection on my window and that is when I noticed there was no noise at all coming from the object. For some reason UFO never crossed my mind...not even for an instant. I was just wondering how could something that big stay in the sky without making a sound. As I drove on home I kept looking back through my side mirror at it until I was out of the area. When I got home, I told my husband, "I just saw the strangest thing". I described it to him and he wanted to see if it was still there and we got back in the car and drove back but it was gone. When we got home I called the airport to see if some kind of blimp was in our vicinity (because of the lack of noise from the object) but was told there was no blimp or air traffic within 100 miles and had not been all night.
