{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-30 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496300","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63103","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2910,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/300/mufon-5496300.json","updb_database_id":5496300}
{dr}3 spherical lights pulsating in many colors and moving in and out up and down changing the type of triangle it formed at the time.

It was me and my two buddies heading back from the store for food cause we had just got done hunting and on our way home from eating when i saw it in the sky thinking not much of it at first. Then when i pointed it out and all 3 of us were trying to figure out what "we" have that could move like it did. One of my friends with us was a firm no such thing as aliens or ufo's person and he was dumbfounded and boggled by what all 3 of our eyes were seeing. i was in the middle of a small truck my friend to my right "the passenger side" tried to get this recorded on his phone which was of good quality but just couldn't make out the lights in the sky. So we just watched it while driving this stretch of country road, while in amazement of what we was seeing (although) looking back we coulda crashed cause of those lights. after 6-10 minutes of watching these spherical shaped triangular arrangement of lights dance in the sky going up and down side to side but in uniform and then one by one the lights almost seemed to flicker out then after they were all gone we saw one appear again then 5-10 seconds later it also left and nothing showed back up after that. we tried ever reasonable explanation but i can tell you as a logical person not quick to rush to judgment that this was something no one unless maybe government high ups know what this object could be... i'm not saying i know it was alien but all 3 of us who witnessed it all agreed if it's not out of this world object then it has to be super high tech government tech like has never before been seen by at least the publics naked eye. I had saw the exact same object on film on television not long after it happened and funny enough the video was right around halloween just the same as us but two year after the fact. except the one i saw on tv was witnessed by hundreds not just 3, and filmed and i believe it was just north of me in michigan if i remember right. it was caught on camera eerie and alien. Also i know a lot of people i know and on the video were saying the way it went out had to be a flare, but i know from simple gravity once flares are released they don't move in uniform up and down and side to side.
