{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-12 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548300","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11236","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/300/mufon-5548300.json","updb_database_id":5548300}
Formation of a dozen UFO's crossing the sky in 2-3 seconds.

I was located in Belgium, a couple of miles South of Antwerp. I always go outside the house to smoke and that evening was no different. When it's dark, most of the time I gaze at the sky, especially when it's a clear sky like that day. (There were some clouds, but only a few randomly scattered).

So, while smoking a cigarette outside, around 23:50PM on thursday 12 June 2008, I saw a formation of a dozen UFO's going from SOUTH to NORTH. I'm by no means an aviation expert or anything like this (I'm a systems programmer), but I would estimate they were flying at cloud level (2km, 6000 feet). It was a very clear sky with a couple of small clouds.

The UFO's were flying in 3 close V shaped formations, like this:

 O  O  O 
O O O O O O

(I hope the above ASCII 'picture' does not get scrambled)

It was very fast and I think I remember seeing more than the 9 in that strict formation, there might have been 1-3 extra UFO's not in this tight formation but very close by. The UFO's seemed to exhibit slightly irratic lateral movement as they were going forwards. 

As for the shape, they all looked identical to each other and very closely resembled the shape of the Boeing X45 UAV, except for 2 things:

1) the wings were NOT swept backwards, but were perfect perpendicular to the fuselage, also the wings seemed more slim and longer and ended in a point (triangle as wing). (very similar the the U2 spyplane wings, except again, they ended in a point, forming a triangle as a wing, not a trapezoid).

2) the UFO appeared as 100% light (meaning that I could see no 'physical' structure). This was not bright white light, but a golden/yellow/orange fire-like light. The fuselage was brighter lit than the wings.

They travelled very fast, I never saw anything moving that fast before, crossing half of the sky in 2-3 seconds. I did not hear any sound.

Ofcourse I can't give you any definite numbers like, how high they were flying, how fast and how big the UFO's were or if it's a secret military vehicle made by us, or an off-world vehicle.

All I can say, that it looked to me they were flying at cloud-level, they were not larger than aircraft we know commonly, they traveled VERY fast, they were essentially light and they emitted no sound.

When this all happened, I did not 'feel' anything strange as in scared or very happy. All I felt like, and I did say it out loud, was "WTF?" (I uttered the words, not the acronym).
