{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-25 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530300","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25183","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2789,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/300/mufon-5530300.json","updb_database_id":5530300}
Perpendicular looking,"T" shaped.

My mother and I were driving East to Southeast on Hamilton Church rd. intersecting Hobson pk. in Antioch,TN. We saw over the trees towards our left,a very low flying,very smooth gliding,object. We turned into the parking lot of a Citgo at the corner,and faced due North. The UFO flew entirely over the store,to where we could see the entire underside of it. We saw a large "T" shaped object with an approximate 20 very bright lights on it total. 5 very bright,very big lights,with 3-5 small lights in between the larger ones. It was about a 5 minute span from when we first made eye contact,to when it left eye sight. There was no sound,AT ALL. It was completely pitch black all around the object from a few seconds before it passed over us,to a few seconds after wards. Directly after we saw it,there were two planes,one coming from the South and the other from the East(with regular sound and visible sight of stars and moon light). There was/are no other feelings other than sheer amazement and awe. (This description is from my daughter, Kendall who was in the car with me. She tried to get her camera out of her purse and she handed it to me, it was in view but the memory card was full. I went into the gas station and told the attendant who looked at me like...and said I was lucky. 

We are both very sure of what we saw. Planes do not fly so low and there was no sound at all. We were speechless. Its an hour later and my daugher is freaked out.

Also, thanks for following up with your phone calls. I had intended to call back but your number was erased from the caller list.

I guess I should also let you know that during the week of July 5, 2010, I have seen two objects in the vicinity southeast of our home (I believe in proximity of the lake area. The objects move in irregular patterns, they go up and down and zigzag, sometime moving fast, but mostly they seem to be suspended. We take a break from looking at them and when we come back they have moved to another place. (We also noticed these same type of objects during June of last year 2009 looking directly south/southwestard that moved slowly from right to left over the treeeline)
