{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549300","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4930","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/300/mufon-5549300.json","updb_database_id":5549300}
Observed bright light coming toward me. Upon investigation it looked exactly like a star wars battle cruiser.

This event happened approximatly August 15, 1979 in Roseville, Mich. a suburb of Detroit Mich. I had been on a fishing trip with my father all weekend and had arrived back at his house. I was waiting in the car for my wife and kids to come out so we could go home. I observed a single bright light in front of me a few miles away coming directly toward me. I tried to determine whether it was a plane or a helicopter, but I couldnt because it was traveling too straight for a helicopter and only had one light, unlike planes. When my wife and kids came out to the car I headed straight for the light which was still coming straight toward me, slowly. When I reached the light I was shocked at what I saw and stopped the car in the middle of the road (which was a 4 lane road) and got out of the car with my wife and we both watched as this ship crossed over above us about a thousand feet high. It looked exactly like the underside of a star wars battle cruiser with three blue lights at the end of the ship just like in star wars. Because it looked exactly like a star wars battle cruiser my first thought was that it was some sort of rich persons remote controlled toy. I also thought it might be an experimentsl craft from a nearby air national guard base. But as I struggled to come to grips with what I was seeing I realized it was neither a toy or an experimental craft and was in fact a UFO. As my wife and I stood in the middle of the road watching the object glide soundlessly overhead we both looked at each other and got in the car and tried to follow this craft through the subdivision but as it was travelling diaginally through the neighborhood we were unable to keep up with it and it finally moved away and disappeared in the distance
