{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-04 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468300","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92281","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2598,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/300/mufon-5468300.json","updb_database_id":5468300}
{rjl} Happened early in the morning. Woke up with a start to see bright white light outside east window. Thought is was the moon at first. Moon was glowing out of my south window.

I was asleep in my room. The room has an east-facing window and a south-facing window. I woke up with a violent start. I had not been dreaming of anything, so I was not woken out of a dream. My heart rate was incredibly high and I felt out of breath. I noticed a bright, white light outside of my east-facing window. At first I thought is was the moon. I checked the time and saw that it was about 3:15 am. At that time, during this time of year, the moon is usually visible outside of my south-facing window. I wear contacts and I had them out to sleep, but because of this abnormality, I slipped on my glasses and looked out the window again. The object was sharper, but all I could see was a half-moon shape (flat part on the bottom, rounded on top) hovering in the sky. There was no noise and the object never moved. I do not remember it flying away, only that after about 20 minutes, I felt incredibly exhausted, like I has been running for a really long time. My heart rate was still high when I fell asleep. I was woken up by the sound of a helicopter flying very low over the top of my house. News copters and MedFilght do not fly very low over my neighborhood because I live across the street from a State Park and the trees are too tall fly low. This helicopter was flying very low and it was very loud. It crossed in the same direction where I had seen the object. Ever since the incident, I have had dizzy spells where I can hardly stand up and sometimes, I fall over. I have also experienced violent headaches that occur in rings around my head staring in my temples and wrapping around just above the tops of my ears.
