{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-10 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519300","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/300/mufon-5519300.json","updb_database_id":5519300}
Big cloud above me split up into smaller pieces and they went off in different directions. A larger one remained above me and slowly drifted up and dissappeared while glowing and changing shape.

I was at my next door friends house hanging out it was around 10pm. I decided to go for a ciggarette outside his window. As i started smoking i happened to look above me. It was at that time i noticed a large gathering of clouds about 500ft up. It was strange because as i was watching, it started to split up! And not as a regular cloud that disperses and changes with the wind, this thing split up into at least 6 pieces, a large one and five smaller ones and they all took off in different directions until i couldnt see any of them anymore. They were all roughly the same size and whats even wierder is that they were all covered in cloud. Dark grey clouds. As the smaller ones took off the larger one remained above me and it was at this time i alerted my friend to it, telling him how weird this was. He grabbed his camera but it wasnt charged up so i went to his backyard to get a better look at this thing while my friend was looking for his power cord and extension. As this is happening the large cloud started moving in a SE direction even though all other "normal" clouds nearby were travelling towards the West. As im watching it from the backyard it starts to descend slightly to about 400ft and from beneath i can make out two appendages opposite one another, they emitted a blue/white glow which i could see clearly. This seemed so unbelievable i started to yell at my friend to hurry up as i feared we might lose it or not get it on film. It continues to travel forward but it stops descending. Then i see two of the other little clouds from before come back quite quickly and they seemed to merge with the big one. At this time my friend comes in with his camera and manages to catch it on video!!! We stay watching and the large cloudy object begins to slowly ascend all the while the glowing appendages begin to change angles/places and it seems like the main object is also now changing shape. It keeps rising until it goes up past the normal clouds above and out of focus for both my eyes and my friends camera. This whole episode lasted about 25min. Not only did we catch it on film but we have two other witnesses from my friends parents who came to see what we were making such a fuss about. Not even 5min went by when a helicopter came flying in with its searchlights on right in the same area the object had just been. My friend has seen things like ufos in the past which he always told me about but i had never seen them myself until now. Funnily enough after this incident i have been witness to two other events up to now and have become a firm believer in aliens and ufos. The video my friend has i will try to upload in the near future.
