{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-03 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286051","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117368","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3354,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/051/mufon-5286051.json","updb_database_id":5286051}
2 indentical objects intersecting paths, then Shadowy streaks

8-3-21 Tuesday: start ce5 at 10. I was scanning the skies with my binoculars to the east when an object, cigar shaped diamond white light, very bright, appeared in my field of view traveling south to north. Resembled satellite but tracked it anyway for a long span of sky when another exact same object at same speed and same altitude coming from the opposite direction came into my fieeld of view going the opposite diirection, (almost a collision course)., intersected with it so I came off the south to north object and begin tracking the north to south object. Tracked it all the way to about the corner of the house and thought I may lose it going behind the house so I lowered my glasses to see if I could see it with my naked eye but could NOT find it anywhere! And satellites I can see with the naked eye, very small but can see them and track them. I found that odd and highly unlikely two satellites cross paths up there going opposite directions.
At 11:04 I was scanning the North sky and inching my way over to the Big Dipper on my left when a streak appeared! Just like a shooting star, behavior wise. North to South. Quick streak in the sky, only this streak had no star burning up, ball of fire, had no debris field burning up, just a streak, it was just a shadowy saucer like vision that at a high velocity left a streak behind it, and disappeared. This streak was an olive green/grey streak. Plus, didn’t go from high to low falling from sky. It went north to south at same altitude, no arc. 
Then at 12:25 after telling my wife of the streak I return to my ce5 and was about to go inside after nothing for a while I look straight up at that triangle shaped formation of stars and suddenly a super-fast streak of white filled the sky, exactly above me. This streak did have a cylindrical ball of white diamond light, at the end of its streak, it disappeared, like a flashlight turning off. A white diamond colored light/ball streaking so fast leaving a white diamond streak behind it that dissipated, one two three, gone, fade out.. It reminded me of the Nike Swish into that Triangle of stars I saw the other night on a collision course with the wide winged prop plane. I step out to look back over the roof and hoped something would do that again. This time I am directed to the heaviest light pollution area, towards San Francisco when a bright diamond white shaped kite like star appeared and as quick as it appeared, disappeared. Almost like saying to me, Hi, thanks for watching and good night, shows over. That’s the instinct I got after the Star appeared. So I went to bed. No media to share, only my memory. But recently just bought an Infrared Camera so stay tuned :)
