{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-13 10:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501051","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58023","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/051/mufon-5501051.json","updb_database_id":5501051}
Two part craft connected by some kind of teather with light like matter as the main body.

I was sitting in my living room at about 10:30am on Sunday and I noticed out the corner of my eye something moving past some trees and a section of the sky I can see from my living room.

For an instant I thought it was one of those big green cargo helicopters carrying a car or something.
So I got up and went outside and realized that it wasnt a helicopter at all. There was no noise for a start but there was this big object moving in the sky.

Starting at the bottom of this almost alive live craft had a round black ball like bottom which was flashing an intermittent light. It was flashing but not in the same way a bright light we know to be.
This ball structure led up in a slender tether kind of connection to the side of an airplane nose cone shaped black dome on its side. There was then from the open end of the nose cone and kind of solid light that was being projected forward out of the back side of the cone and forming the rest of the craft. If you imagine the shape of an oval but stretched a little this was what the overall shape of the main body of the craft was.

The tether or whatever that was had at one stage a circular spoked kind of shape in the centre but that form eventually disappeared.

The craft appeared to change several times in colour and light. There was a type of pulsating of what I assumed was the crafts cockpit the whole time but it looked like there was some kind of metallic roof and floor which exented from the dome shape edges.

It wasnt moving fast. I felt like I knew I was observing it and it almost casually meandered off in a westerly direction. 

I watched it for a good 5 minutes and the whole time it moved in a snake like, seahorse like manner. The main body of the craft was almost looking around like a snake would.

There was still an intermittent flashing from the ball of the tail and it remained in a two part connected shape for as long as I could see it.

When I saw it it was at about 24deg and I watched it for about 5-7 mins and it was moving at a rate of about 10mph - 20mph. It was a clear blue sky and i watched it disappear into the sky at about 30deg.

I just doesnt make sense. If it were an air craft of any sort then there would have been sound. It couldnt have been anything I know of because it disappeared into the outer stratosphere on a 5 degree inclination with an 80deg cross wind to its direction. The wind wasnt strong but there was a breeze so anything not under control would be blowing the other way.

No helicopter or plane I know of could achieve the altitude this thing was at and disappear into the clear blue sky.

Im not the greatest drawer but ive attached a drawing. It still seems so vague what I actually saw but I can see in my minds eye what it was that I saw really clearly...if that makes sense
