{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-05 20:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471051","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3345,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/051/mufon-5471051.json","updb_database_id":5471051}
{cak} Saw large hovering craft on way home from store. stopped to take video.

I first want to declare, that i am not a "ufo hunter". I'm a boring mom that works at a boring office job. When I was young, (1991),my family and I had witnessed an unidentified object up close, so I have been intrigued, but in our family, tho 4 of us saw it...we didn't talk about it until a decade later. 
On Dec 5th, 2017, I was coming home from the grocery store on county road 9 in morrow county toward Iberia. I noticed what appeared to be a huge craft of some sort with very bright individual lights going around the whole side/circumference. It was mayne 1/2 to a 1/2 mile away, and hovering not far above the treeline. After driving for a mile maybe, looking to my east, I found a clear line of sight and stopped my car to the side of the road. I snapped a pic to show how bright it was in comparison to the very bright moon, then started video on my galaxy 7 phone. I held my phone up recording, but was looking with my naked eye, as it was a much clearer/closer appearing in person. I watched the circular craft hover over a field/wooded area and it started to tilt a bit forward in the direction of movement (north), and slowly appeared to get closer. I got nervous at this point. The aircraft went behind a tree that was in my line of sight toward the end of the video, which gives the appearance of flickering light from the branches. But the light remained constant. Almost blinding in the night sky. A vehicle came up behind me as the aircraft became less visible, then disappeared abruptly. I started to drive again, feeling rushed by the vehicle behind me. I kept looking but the object was nowhere to be found. Immediately, 2 low flying jet planes flew over, and seemed like they were barely above the telephone poles. Later reviewing my video, I noticed a red flashing light, which I assumed was maybe a tower blinking in the distance, since the object I viewed did not have any red lights. After researching some more, I realized there was no tower in the area, so the flashing lights must have been the low flying jet planes, beyond the aircraft, off in the distance. 
I'm anxious to see if anyone can clean up my fuzzy video. The object looks so much further than it was in person...and it wasn't grainy like the video.
