{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-17 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512051","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46284","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6849,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/051/mufon-5512051.json","updb_database_id":5512051}
{dr}Doing something with my husband

In September of 2012 is when I realized and witnessed what my husband has been trying to explain. We were in the basement and my husband (Nick) and I heard something. Nick and our two large dogs went to see what it was and saw something outside. The dogs came running back down stairs which isnt like them to run from something, and Nick locked up the house and came down dumbfounded. I could see it in his eyes he was terrified. He refused to tell me what was wrong. We proceeded to watch T.V. for another 15 minutes. My phone then rang and it was my parents calling for help as they were stranded on Chattfield Lake on the opposite side of the lake from their truck and trailer. Since we lived but 15 minutes from the lake they were asking for Nick1s help.

This is when he decided to tell me what happened. He told me a story from when he was living with an ex girl friend in Arvada years ago and woke up to a shadow hanging in the street light window of his apartment that looked like a strange raccoon. When he sat up to look at what it was it swung itself on the roof and continued to circle over and over on the roof. He said he saw the same thing outside moments ago and knows they are here only for him, and it1s a good thing he has to help my parents as they will follow him and leave me and the kids alone.

When he was leaving I went up stairs following him and he was turning all the outside lights on and checking the kids. I then turned the kitchen light on and he yelled at me and said 1are you crazy turn
it off, stay away from the doors and windows and do not turn the lights on inside. Go down stairs and turn the baby monitor up and if you hear anything bring the kids downstairs.1 Then he left.
He called his mother scared and crying because something was following him but he didn't know what. At this time I called to check on him and he said he was driving down the road and street lights were turning off and then on again after he passed them. He then got into the Chatfield area and stated he wasnt going to make it and the Jeep was breaking down. I asked what was happening and he just kept saying 1this is so weird, I don1t know what is happening but the Jeep is breaking down.1 I told him I was packing the kids and coming, he stated no and that the Jeep just died and he would call me back. During this his mother had been texting him, he texted her that the Jeep broke down, she said she was coming to get him and he replied with "wait something is happening"... She didn't hear from him till after getting my parents truck and was almost to my parents boat. when he spoke with her she asked about the Jeep and he didn't know what she was talking about. He didn't remember the jeep breaking down. He said he didn't know why but he was standing on the side of the road in the ditch and the Jeep was across the road. When he walked up to it it started on its own.
I waited up until 1 am when he got home. He wouldnt talk to me, almost acted like I wasnt speaking and showered for a very long time. When done he still wouldnt answer my questions and went to bed shivering uncontrollably. I wrapped him up in blankets and wrapped around him trying to get him to warm up and calm down. It took 10 maybe 15 minutes before his shivering stopped and his breathing went to normal and he finally fell asleep.
The next day I told Nick about the events he only remembers standing on the side of the road looking at the Jeep but didn't know and helping my parents at the boat dock.
March 17th, 2013, my husband and I were playing cards around 10:30 pm and his Jeep car alarm went off. We ran upstairs and Nick ran outside to see what was out there and disappeared on the side of the house. I waited at the front door wondering what he was doing, but then my daughter started to cough and cry. When I came back from checking on her my husband was staring out side but wouldnt tell me what was going on. He finally said there was something on the side of the house and tons of birds. Without knowing about my daughter he said what happened to Eleanor (daughter) he said I needed to check her back tomorrow and it was important I didn't forget. He kept saying there was so much ringing in his ears and knew his ears where going to bleed tomorrow. He couldnt believe that I couldnt hear the ringing. Just then my son started to cough and he said we needed to get to them right away because they don't take long. I kept asking who, what doesnt take long. He just kept saying it doesnt take long. We brought both children and dogs in our bed and locked up our bedroom. Again Nick was looking out the windows and turning off the lights and telling me to stay away from the doors and windows and don't turn any of them on. Before we fell asleep he told me not to talk to him about it tomorrow, and made me promise.
As of this morning he doesnt remember anything. He didn't know why he woke up to both dogs and children in our bed and why everything was closed and locked up. He doesnt even remember the Jeep car alarm going off. 
The reason I mentioned the children started to cough is because they do not have colds nor where they coughing before that moment. After we brought them to our room they never coughed again....?
Before I was a witness to these last two events my husbands ears would bleed and he has a very sensitive mark on his lower back near the spin, which sometimes changes sides of his spin. Its been there for as long as I have known him, 6 years. My daughter did wake up with scratch marks on her back but they soon went away. 
While the event was happening at Chatfield last fall of 2012 my mother in-law and I compared our phone records and conversations with Nick while the strange events were happening and none of the times match and there are messages and records of the phone calls that are not showing. 
Something has been doing things with my husband, and he is fully aware of it while its happening and after. The next day he doesnt remember anything. I saw the movie the 5th kind and there are many similar things in that movie that I have now recently witnessed. I need someone to talk to about this as I cant talk with my husband, since he cant remember anything.
