{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-14 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288051","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115319","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/051/mufon-5288051.json","updb_database_id":5288051}
Bright light in sky to NE thought to be a star, but then flashed downward at angle, then flew level over ocean before turning 90 degrees to north

Heard loud music outside my second floor hotel room and went to inspect. When I walked out onto the deck the car playing the music had gone and it was quiet. While standing on deck that overlooks the road, tree line and ocean I notice an unusually bright star to the NE. While curiously watching the very bright flickering light it suddenly flashed downward at about 40 degree angle like a meteor but before it hit the water it suddenly changed course and flew directly west at about 500 feet above the water at a very fast pace. The object was dark except for a single, white flashing light. I observed the object flying without sound. Once it passed off to my left it suddenly turned 90 degrees to the North and flashed out of sight instantly after turning and flew North over the open ocean. When it turned to the north I could readily see the well lit tail end and profile of the object. The object was rectangular in profile with slightly rounded off edges, with a shiny grey surface, and exhibited 4 large round bright lights at the tail end that did not change brightness during viewing. The object made no noise and it was a quiet night with wind moving from north to south. The object appeared to be massive, estimating to be about 300 feet long and 150 feet wide and 50 feet thick. The tail lights diameter extended to the almost complete thickness of the object (50-feet diameter each). I included a sketch up of my observation. The object first observed (A), the flash movement (instant flight to) position (B), then flying West until it turned North at position (C).
