{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-06-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492051","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/051/mufon-5492051.json","updb_database_id":5492051}
{jpg} I saw a 6' grasshopperish with a tuxedo with tails, tophat, and cane at my back door. BEFORE MOVIE COMMUNION

It was a hot summer afternoon. I was living with my mom in a house trailer, right off the main rout, and the first trailer in the park. The front door and the back door were almost across from one another and I had both main wood doors open and screen doors shut. There's a small deck off the back door and the front door. (trailer). I was alone, my mom had gone out for some errens. I was making coffee at the counter. This counter jutted out into the kitchen leaving the front door easily in my sight to the right and the back door just slightly pass my perifrial vision on the left. No TV, no music, no neighbors. Out of the corner of my left eye, I saw movement at the back door. I looked and saw a 6' grasshopper ish being with a tuxedo with tails, a top hat, and a black cane with a carved bonelike top. He knocked on the back screen door. I looked back at my coffee cup in disbelief, then I looked again and it was still there, cocked his head. I looked away again in fear. Looked one final time, saw it was still there and that's the last I remember. the whole event took only moments. 

I moved to L.A. in Jan. of 1981. I had no memory of this event. I didn't tell my mom anything when she came home that day, I don't remember anything more from that day. 

It wasn't until I was in college that I remembered it. It came back as clear as it was that day not over time but all at once. I began telling the story to my close friends but there was always part of me that questioned weather it happened or not. I am an artist, maybe I made it up. But the detail was too clear and then I rented the vidio "Communion". I'm sure you know the premis of that movie as well as it's location. When I saw the Alien wearing the tux, tophat and cane, I damn near fell off my chair. It was like being hit with a brick. what are the odds of that. there's no way we both dreamed up the same being with those odd details. this is NOT your standard grey. I think it's important to note that the movie came out AFTER my encounter. This was proof to me that I really saw it that day. I even made a painting of it that's a virtual photograph of the event. I would be glad to provide you with a copy of that painting. My purpose in writing you is to add my story to your records but more importantly I would REALLY like to know if anyone eles has seen this and if they remember anything more about the encounter. I would really like to know what happened that afternoon after my 3rd and final glance. my rebooted memory stops at the third glance. But I got a feeling that was not the end of the story. Please let me know if you have heard of anything like this and thank you for all you do to inform and facilitate. sincerely, [name removed/CMS/jpg]
