{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451620","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2842,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/620/mufon-5451620.json","updb_database_id":5451620}
series of white lights in row evenly spaced, equal brightness, unmoving until lights went out one by one

Not sure of exact month, but I believe it was summer. This was in 1997. I don't think that I have ever reported this because I do not have any evidence, but later I learned that our local sheriff's office received numerous calls and the tv show "Sightings" actually came to our town (Chillicothe, OH) to follow-up. From what I understand, a gentleman named Pontious had filmed this. Here is my experience: I was at my fiance's (now wife) on Johnson Rd. on Carlise Hill in Chillicothe. I went out onto her back deck. It was dark but not late. The sky was clear. Immediately I noticed a row of white lights quite high and not moving. I should have counted the lights but I did not think of it at the time. It seems like there were maybe 8 or 10 but I don't know. Sorry. I knew these were not stars. This was not any type of aircraft that I could think of. These were not flares. I did not have a camera of any type. At the time I felt that I may be witnessing a group of ufo's because I could not see any thing between these lights. It seemed to be above the paper mill but I could not tell how high. The lights seemed to be at a bit of an angle. These did not move at all. I think that I watched this phenomenom for at least five minutes, then one by one the lights went out. It was not until years later while watching a tv show that showed the Phoenix lights that I realized that what I saw was almost exactly the same type of sighting. It was also the same year, 1997. I understand that this was also seen across several states that year including as far east as Illinois. I did not realize until I saw the program on the Phoenix lights that these lights were actually part of one large boomerang shaped object. It was dark when I saw this same type of thing so I could not see between the lights. Last week was the first time that I had officially submitted my report (Central Ohio UFO Reporting Center) I realize that 23 years have gone by but I have never forgotten this. I never came forward because I do not have proof but I just wanted folks to know that the "Phoenix Lights" were also seen over southern Ohio as well in 1997. Thank you
