{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286620","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116762","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4100,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/620/mufon-5286620.json","updb_database_id":5286620}
Woke at 3am for no reason

I had an encounter this morning... I woke up at 3AM unable to sleep, played some games, took antacids, finally got sleepy early morning about 4/5AM.

I started having sleep paralysis, but was hearing weird electrical / mechanical / vibrational noise. After shaking out of it, I laughed it off saying "what the fuck was that?". I turned over and went back to sleep. 
I then woke up with sleep paralysis again, but it felt different than usual sleep paralysis, just unable to do anything... there was this small being about 3 ft tall estimate, with human(ish) colored skin, tugging on my shirt by my chest with it's left hand. It was sort of crouched on my right knee and on the floor, with it's head turned away, looking somewhat like a naked bald child. It moved kind of fast and erratically, like a bug or a robot. It kept turning to look at me in the face a few times. Being was just to my right as I had fell asleep on the floor that night, due to P.O.T.S condition. It finally pulled me up with it's left hand that it was tugging me with, then got close to my face, and then brought up it's right hand infront of my face, in a fist, extending it's index finger. 
On the tip of it's finger was a very small square / flat / object, glowing bright baby blue, almost like a small LED. Being proceeded to stick object / finger up my left nostril, then I blacked out. Upon waking up around 10/11 (ish) my pants were around my ankles, I jumped up still worried about the being possibly still in my room, out of shock. I immediately grabbed my UV light and went to the dark bathroom to check myself. Nothing on my shirt, but many large stains on my pants, more towards the legs, no wetness, excluding pee as a factor. There's three fluorescent lines in in a triangle shaped pattern behind the right knee on my pants, and on the front of the knee on pants is a straight 90° line that covers the length and center of the knee cap. I tried picking my nose, which is unusually clear of any mucus / debris, my finger can almost go into my nose to the third / main knuckle, I checked my right nostril, and my finger can only go a bit to the first knuckle just passed the nail. I'm having tinnitus since I woke up, and feel very odd and a bit if shock. I even had to take my alien grey painting down in my room, as I can not look at it. No marks on my body, or any other sort if evidence found at this time. Day after, I became extremely sensitive to the charge of everything around me. My hair would stand up and I could feel the static electricity emanating from everything in the house, to walls, counters, appliances, from up to about 2 feet away. My sink water zapped me, everytime I washed my hands for a couple weeks, and I stayed staring off into nothing, having the event play out over and over for about a month... I became unnerved when my little brother of 7 touched me at all and his small thin appearance also unnerved me. I had seen glimpses of light glaring off things like the stove, that reminded me of the blue light, which sent me into a panic for a short period, where I had to leave the room. It is now July 6th, and I am writing this in hopes it can be connected to a sighting, or others who've experienced the same on the same day. I thought I was over it, but upon watching a UFO documentary tonight, I had to turn it off when abductees were speaking of similar experiences I had. Part of what is written is copied exactly from what I wrote that morning.
