{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-05-15 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518620","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38470","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4895,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/620/mufon-5518620.json","updb_database_id":5518620}
classic saucer shape

Event took place around 7 AM at an intersection on Columbia Pike across from Barcroft Shopping Center. This area is higher elevation and beyond the shopping center is a panoramic view of Skyline Office Complex.

It was a clear early morning with sun coming up in the east the sky blue with an yellow/orange glow in the east. 

Was sitting in car facing east at traffic light looking directly at the shopping center. At the intersection, the road makes a curve to the left going to route 7. 

Upon coming to traffic light noticed how clear and blue the sky looked, but notice a few thin elongated very dark grey clouds in the sky. The clouds got my attention because they were so grey.

At about 10 oclock on the windshield of the car, I noticed what initially appeared to me to be a dark spherical cloud. My eyes glanced at it and then turned away back towards the traffic light, initially thinking it was a cloud, but then the sperical shape caught my attention. When I looked again, I realized the object was not a cloud, but a craft. 

Initially the object seem to have a haze arond it similar to a cloud, but this then disappeared. I was able to obtain a clear, unobstructive view of the object.

I estimated the object to be approximately 1 to 3 miles away. It was at least the size of a football stadium. For the most part the object was stationary. It was simply parked in the sky. It was initially flat towards the earth. Then it appeared to sort of slightly dip and then it made a turn so that instead of being flat towards the ground, it turned to look like a big grey dot on its side. 

After the turn, the object still just hung in the sky. I had an excellent view of the surface. The surface appeared to be for the most part a smooth and solid. The surface did not appear to be really anything special, it basically looked like the surface of a car. It was a dark grey color very much like a dark grey color that became popular on some cars such as the Pontiac Grand Prix. 

Although the object appeared to be completely solid, in a semi-circular patern around the top edge of the object, I saw these lines form. Suddenly, a semi-circle of beautiful red lights appeared flashing from right to left. They flased in sequence one after the other. The lights were separate and somewhat rectangular shaped elongated side by side with the narrow sides touching each other.

The encounter was really spectacular and this viewer thoght that a historical event was taking place. However, activity went on as normal. In the distance, well beyond the shopping center and Sky Line, air planes could be seen taking off from then National Airport. During the encounter nothing unusual took place. There were no jets in the sky or people getting out of their cars. Thought this was strange.

Unfortunately, shortly after the lights started flashing the traffic light change. Back then had to get to work. However, thought I would be driving in the direction of the object and would get even a better view. This was not to be. After the road curved beyond the intersection in decended down to lower elevation, and the object was never seen again.

It should be noted that the object appeared to be in the Baileys Cross Roads area which is just a stones throw from the Pentagon.

Rushed to car after work and turned on the radio to listen to the news for reports on the object. Nothing was reported. Watched all the local TV news broadcasts that evening and heard nothing about the object. Purchased all the local newspapers the next day and found nothing about the object. 

With regards to the question about witnesses, I don't know how to answer. The object was very big and the assumption was that it would be a major news event. Therefore, the assumption is that many people witnessed it.

The thing that really impressed this viewer is the way the object just hung in the sky. The object clearly owned the sky. It was methodical and behaved in an unhurried manner without any apparent concern. 

The viewer did develop a sense that the object was suppose to be there and there was a pupose for it being there. It sort of gave off the feeling to the viewer that one gets while seeing a parked taxi with the engine going waiting to pick up a passenger.
