{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526620","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29057","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5392,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/620/mufon-5526620.json","updb_database_id":5526620}
Multiple UFOs multiple times

I have a balcony on my third story apartment and my mom hates smoking so I always go out there to smoke butts. The first time I saw them was a little after we moved in, and I was outside smoking, looking at the stars, when I saw three balls of light on the horizon. There are trees for acres behind my building with street lamps here and there where the road cuts into the woods, and there are mountains where they seemed to be. I passed them off as stars at first (or street lamps, or radio towers, of which there are a couple next to where I see them, but as you will read, the lights are not always there, so it cannot possibly be any of those), until I saw the third one on the far right begin to move away from the others. They seemed to be glowing/flashing different colors (red, blue, white, purple and not at certain points like the corners of a triangle, the entire sphere was morphing into these colors). So the one on the right was moving away from the group and thats when it started to get weird. The orb that was moving stopped and just hovered for a little while going up and down repeatedly, sometimes making circular motions. The one on the far left began to do the same thing, but the center orb remained stationary. I watched this continue for a good long while before I just went inside. This was not my only encounter with these orbs. Ever since that first night, I have repeatedly seen them in the same general area doing the same thing and have had friends witness it as well. One of those times with my friend we actually saw one of the three light up immensely becoming the brightest object in the sky, then immediately disappear. That same night a red light that looked like a circular spotlight flashed very quick on the top of the trees in front of us while we were watching the orbs. It wasnt an object, just a quick flash on top of a couple of trees maybe 200-300 yards in front of us. All of this is usually late at night, around 12-3am. They also seem to have some kind of secondary orb that comes out from the bottom that is maybe a third of their size and sits a short distance beneath them and then joining back up with the main body. They are not always on the horizon, however, occasionally there is only one or two to my not too distant left moving behind the tree line very, very, slowly and never making any sounds whatsoever. 
On another occasion, i got to see what I believe was possibly one of these secondary smaller orbs actually IN the woods in front of my balcony (this is giving me chills just thinking about it, I was very afraid that night, I didn't sleep at all). I was watching the usual group of three (who I have concluded cannot be stars because it can be weeks before I see them again) when I saw a faint white light off in the distance in my woods. Now, my apartment building is on a cliff, so to say, with about a 30 foot drop to where there are some tall grasses before it eventually turns into thick wood. These woods go up around the cliff to the left and up to the parking lot in the front of the building, so there is access to these woods without making a 30 foot jump. So I saw the light, and then it just went away and I didn't think much about it until I saw it again a few moments later, but closer. This time it didn't disappear but continued moving, very slowly, maybe 10-20 ft. from the ground. I could see it moving behind the branches, and I just froze. I don't think it was a person with a flashlight, because it wasnt bobbing up and down like some one walking, nor was it scanning back and forth. And it didn't have rays or a cone of light like a flashlight, it was just one orb of light that was only glowing, not emitting any kind of rays (or sound for that matter) of any sort, like the kind you see when squinting looking at a light bulb or something. It was very small too. Eventually it moved off to my left where the trail starts and goes up the cliff to meet with the parking lot. There is a good 40 yards of trail there, so I never saw it break the tree line, it just sort of disappeared from sight. 
And me and my friends are not the only ones to have seen this. My father and his friend once were drinking on the balcony and saw all three of them moving across the sky DURING THE DAY. I have yet to see them at any other time but night, but I usually don't get home until late anyways. I haven't captured any of this on film because we simply don't own any cameras with the ability to capture anything at night. Our one camera is completely useless in the dark. 
Everytime I see these objects I end up just going inside after a while because I see them so often and because I have nothing to capture them on. It has been perhaps a month, month and a half since my last sighting.
