{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-05-07 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524620","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31212","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3391,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/620/mufon-5524620.json","updb_database_id":5524620}
Black, chevron shaped. 5 lights(huge round lights looked flouescent) under wings. One light under nose, one midway on each wing and at ends

It was May 1997. The sun had already set. It was a Saturday or Sunday evening as I recall (I wasn't working that weekend so I remember it was an off day). I was in backyard of my parents house in Collierville, TN (where I lived at the time) just to get some air. I looked up and southward and saw object traveling very slowly. There were lots of trees so I saw it as it traveled from behind one tree out into the open and then went behind trees again as it moved strait from east to west at about 20 - 30 mph maybe. Way too slow for plane and it certainly didn't look like plane. Just a big wing with the huge round lights that could have been 20 to 30 or more feet in diameter perhaps. It was huge with wing span of maybe 1 to 2 football fields. It was right in front of me. It was about a week before Memorial Day so at first I thought it may have been a B2 Stealth bomber on it's way for an air show in Memphis perhaps. But it only took about a half second for me to realize that wasn't the case. It was way too slow and it was also way to low to be in flight pattern for approach to Memphis airport 11 miles away. I felt stupid afterwards that I was mesmerized by it but I never saw anything like that and never heard of anything like that. Also it was completely silent. I didn't own a camera and if I did it was over so fast I did not have time to run and get it. Several weeks later, while in break room at work, I saw a USA Today newspaper with article about ufo over Phoenix. It was the same story that Art Bell broadcasted. I heard the broadcast that night when it happened in Phoenix but that was a couple months before my sighting and no one was sure what it was. In the article I saw a computer generated drawing and it was almost exactly what I saw in Collierville only what I saw had wing angle that was much more shallow than the one pictured in USA Today newspaper but that was the object. It was more chevron shaped and not like a V. More like the chevron on my uniform when I was in Navy. I was never able to tell anyone for fear of ridicule. All these years later I was obsessed with it and finally searched youtube and then on discovery website where I finally found couple who saw this object as well and it was during so called "lights over phoenix" incident that had happened a couple months before in Arizona. This is the video. Computer illustration starts at about 2:04 in the video and they describe it. I also research other stories and have concluded there were military flares that night but they were a separate incident than the ship seen by these people. (you tube link moved to investigators field) CMS 08/27/11 09:00 flg
