{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-27 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501620","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57419","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2527,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/620/mufon-5501620.json","updb_database_id":5501620}
{rjl} Took dogs out looked into sky as usual object caught my vision moving fast l to r

10:15 pm Took one dog out and leashed to porch. Stood looking into the sky as always. Looking for jets that constantly fly over. Sometimes have counted 6 to 8 jets in the area. Look at stars as well. This time an object orb like in structure flashed and the light stayed on several secs, which I knew right away wasn't aircraft because it wasn't normal color and it wasn't the white and red or blue that I usually see nor was it strobe like. The object headed NW terrific speed, I say once it flashed and went out it traveled some distance and it flashed again but this time it was very brilliant. No way you could miss it. There were clouds not heavy you could still see stars and jets, but the strange thing was as it disappeared into a cloud it flashed it but this time it made a turn that is impossible. It actually made an arch back the same way it came but towards my direct, then turned again into the clouds and met with second object. Same orb like structure, it flashed once when both met and both flew NW in same direction. This all happened between 10:15 - 10:35
As for feelings was astonished and amazed by the maneuverability. Lost after both entered cloud cover.
First when I seen thought plane, but no noise being that low, and lights weren't strobing and the incredible speed it was moving.
I could draw a pic of an orb like structure but again that was the shape of the light that flashed as for craft you couldn't make it out, not like when you see a jet at night you can tell what it is before you hear and once close you know. This wasn't like that.
 Honestly this isn't the first time I ever seen a UFO, but I never reported them why now you ask, figured why not get it recorded, maybe someone else out there seen it as well. Yes I beleive in UFO's, and I'm a religious Franciscan Brother, no it doesn't effect my faith.
