{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-30 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11368","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5548278.json","updb_database_id":5548278}
saw 2 trapezoid shaped objects with bright orange lights side by side (one little higher) 2 lights on both sides one light on top hovered 5 min. then disappeared

On June 30, 2008 at approximately 9:40 PM, I was getting into my car with my 10 yr. old grand daughter and her friend in Lowell, MA, when I just happened to look up at the sky and saw 2 really large glowing objects in the eastern sky - they were a good distance away, but they were so large I could clearly see them. At first I thought they must be airplanes but the more I looked I realized that there was no way they were airplanes. I yelled at the girls to look at the sky and all 3 of us just stared at - from what I could see - 2 trapezoid shaped objects with very bright orange/yellow glowing lights on each side of them and also one orange light on the top. They clearly were not airplanes, as they did not move like airplanes and they were so close side by side in the sky (one was slightly more elevated than than the other). They were moving through the sky and we watched for 3-4 minutes and then they just disappeared. My grand daughter was very excited and thought we had definitely just seen 2 UFO's (as did I). Her 10 yr. old friend however, was very scared and almost having a panic attack. I tried to calm her down and tell her it was just some sort of advertising thing and not to worry. I quickly dropped off the girls at their house next street over and went in search of the objects. They had appeared in the Eastern sky so I headed East to see if I could spot them again - OR to see if there was anything in the sky (advertisement blimps or something) that could have explained it, but there was absolutely nothing (plus it was about 9:45 PM, so most businesses were closed then) I checked the local movie theater and they had no lights advertising anything etc. 

 One more thing, when I was staring at the objects I tried putting my glasses on to see if I could see them more clearly (even though I'm far sighted) it did magnify it somewhat and the lights looked like flames shooting out of the sides. The whole thing was very exciting to witness.

If you have any idea of what it is I saw, I would love to hear from you.
