{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-23 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55679","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3600,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5503278.json","updb_database_id":5503278}
{rjl} It flew from the south (my view from the patio) directly past me, over my neighbors house off to the north.

I filmed, what I would describe as a transparent glider going 5-7 mph fly almost directly over my head. The only reason I explain it as that, is because I saw the nav lights blinking (5-6 bursts at a time) on the wing tips, but never saw a fuselage. I could see stars between the wing lights until it flew over head, then briefly it blocked out a star. Originally, I didn't think it was a "UFO", but a government aircraft. I dunno?
I thought I was over thinking a sighting until my sons friend told me he saw the same object when he and his mother we driving home from his fathers house, not 2 miles away.

If you could imagine 2 blinking "horizontal" lights, around 140ft apart, flying about 120ft over head, at around 5-7 mph....and then once they passed you... They banked left at a 40deg angle to the left and continued on. (I'm comparing the flight path to the tree line behind my house and the adjacent street, and the tree height of my neighbors house @ 60-70 ft, if you calculate 80ft width per lot, it's a pretty good estimate). Note I filmed from my patio, then walked to the back left of my yard to capture all I could. You can hear my A/c unit and I95 in the background. As it passes directly overhead, I didn't hear any additional noise? That's when I stopped filming and my sons friend saw it 30 seconds later. He stated that when he saw it the 2 lights were almost verticle. One on top of the other...

Being religious people, they weren't about to look into it, beyond being spooked.

Being that I captured it with an IPhone and it was night...I would love for you to wash it out and tell me what you can see. I don't have the proper software to do the job. Sorry for the 3 clips, but my phone can send it in 1 shot.

Attached is another video. Just a blue light in the night sky...I caught the second appearance of this blue light in a matter of minutes, although I don't hear the whining of an RC engine... I believe this to be an RC Helicopter, or something of the sort. The first sighting- it went vertical- moved to the right- then to the left- then vertical- then horizontal. I could understand the immediate reaction of "it's a flare" but the actions of the light just before I picked upy phone would beg to differ...I captured this one on the second go around. You tell me!

I would just like a clear edit of my videos. Thanks
