{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3013,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5481278.json","updb_database_id":5481278}
{rjl} NW storm. UFOs from west to NW into storm. Helicopter present. AWSOME!

I was at home. Heard thunder and checked radar on line. Storms in area, north west. Went upstairs to see if there was lighting, I love storms. Looked north west, and saw the towering clouds as the lighting lit them up. I saw a red light, and figured it was a plane, cause O'Hare air port is close, but the red light had a different type of light. Not a strobe, but faded in and out, but never going all the way out. And it seemed like it was a different type of light. Almost more intense and direct. But after the one light, I saw another, then two more, then I saw a helicopter coming from the south heading north to the storm, all while these objects are appearing in the sky, just south of the storm that I had been watching. After the helicopter had gone by, I realized that there were more appearing and seemed like they were coming out of the storm way west of me,(moving south out of the storm), coming east and then moving north west again into the storm. I counted ten of these objects, not moving like the helicopter that flew by earlier. They were appearing in and out of the storm, not moving super fast right angles, but more abruptly than anything I've seen watching the skies close to O'Hare air port. Some times there were two together, but they were definitely following the same path. I do believe in life outside of our own planet, and thought I'd seen some weird stuff in the sky. But I truly believe that what I saw was not of this Earth. I sent some family members a frantic, but excited number of texts, just because I had to tell someone. This is the most excited I have ever been about this subject, I feel like we are on the cusp of something great and possibly historic. I THINK SOMETHING IS GETTING READY TO HAPPEN. Good or bad...I am very happy to have witnessed what I have seen tonight, August 27th 2016. Objects seen at on or around 9:30pm Central time. No drinking or any other use of anything was going on during the event, but after what I saw, I cracked a beer, and after I finish this, I am going to drink a couple beers and stare at the north west sky, and hope for the best. I am not usually a very upbeat kind of person, but for some reason I feel like a MILLION BUCKS since I saw what I have seen tonight. Never really thought that I'd be doing something like this, but here it is...and it's the truth. Thank you.
