{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-07 22:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109365","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3726,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5452278.json","updb_database_id":5452278}
Round light by eye, various shapes through monocular and Android phone.

I was out on our patio last Eve and was strumming my guitar facing south west and I noticed what I presumed was a satellite coming directly from the south west in a straight line in my direction. I am 65 so I've seen a few things. That said, I watched thinking maybe it was an airplane I'll watch for the flashing lights. Ok no flashing lights so it's a satellite. As I watched it appears to stray a bit due north them back towards my direction a little east then it just stopped moving so I watched thinking helicopter or UFO. And the light just stayed stationary for ten minutes or so which got me curious enough to get my Android and get a few shots and so I did. Now it is dark with the grey white clouds drifting over this light. I had a tiki lamp burning for bugs so I started periodically slowly raising my left arm up and down two times in front of the tiki light. The light begins to slowly move a little north then a little east then north again then it stops again. Interesting at this point. I now go in and get my monocular for my phone I use when I go to our local Eagles nest and sandhill crane stop off thirteen minutes east of our town. I commence photographing and video taking while doing the arm move and I thought use the flashlight on the phone so I started periodically doing the on off, on off with my flashlight as we well as the tiki trick. I have a combination of about 45 photos and videos documenting this with voice as the next hour and a half went by. This is real but not being a pro with the camera or high power equipment there could be questions about what I was seeing. I included 2 pics of that big old moon coming up and a star shot but most of the stars were above the clouds but this light was not. 
The light was doing very little what looked self motivation for sometime but in the videos I explain my moving to see it as it drifted north and west above our front yard maple.
The good thing is I got some pics where it looked round and some look flat on one side round on another. 
I played my guitar and watched hoping to see it move away but when my camera and extra battery finally both died plus at this time being an early riser and early bedtime I gave it up and went to bed.
My name is [name removed/CMS] and I live in the small town of Kingsford Heights, IN. 
You can email any comments or questions or text me at [number removed/CMS] as I don't answer random number phone calls.
Thanks
[name removed/CMS]
