{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3311,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5474278.json","updb_database_id":5474278}
{cak} Three round exploding shapes in sky - red, yellow and blue

Note: The event I am describing I have a very clear memory of although I was young. I never talked about this to anyone until a few days ago. My sister and I was discussing strange things and this incident came up. She has a very similar remembrance of the incident. I do not knot what the thing was that I saw and at my age at the time (10) I have not made any assumptions in what I saw. 

I was outside playing in my back yard. Low in the sky (I have no idea of the distance) three round objects appeared. I can not say that they were explosions. I do not think so because the outside circumference was round and smooth. It was more like a rapidly expanding circle. There was three circles, red, yellow and blue. The circumferences of the circles did not overlap not touch each one however they were real close to each other. Once they appeared in the sky, they grew in size. If you would put your hand in the sky, your thumb nail would cover one of the circles. (I actually did this from a measuring technique I learned in Scouts.) The time frame from the circle's appearing to the time they reached their maximum diameter was about 2 or 3 seconds. Once they were at a maximum diameter, they hung in the sky for about 5 minutes and then disappeared. Their disappearance was sudden. I can not say if they collapsed and disappeared or vanished at high speed to a point of their own center.

The only people that I know who saw this (at the time) was my sister. 

The next day at school, I heard of other people saying that they saw if and did not know what it was.

The next day, in the evening, on a local radio station, I heard a news article about the three circles. The explanation was simple... a weather experiment but what agency was conducting the experiment was not given. To the best of my memory, we had had no unusual weather in the areas at that time or the periods before or after.

Since the event, I grew up normal, I obtained advanced education (BS undergraduate and BS masters with experience in aviation - I am a pilot.) I have been reading and studying the UFO claims and now believe there are elements of truth in some of these reports.  Additionally I have learned of multiple incidents where the government has lied to its citizenry in many areas. This plus the conversation with my sister about my observation (which was very similar to hers) has lead me to file this report. Additionally I have never before or after the above event ever seen this type of phenomenon. Nor have I hear or read of a similar event anywhere else. These are the reasons and events (or lack of events) which has lead me to file this report.
