{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-21 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32690","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2552,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5523278.json","updb_database_id":5523278}
it moved directly above me, stopped for a moment and then took off vertically

Through out my life i have witnessed some amazing specticals in the sky, recently i had witnessed one of these strange lights while watching the sky outside regina sk on our farm which i live. In hopes to capture something on video i sat on our drive way with a camera and a pack of smokes for hours, on numerous occations. to my amazment i was able to get two videos, of what i had seen previous, with in two months of eachother. the second sighting and video is what i am reporting today. 
   while sitting on a lawn chair i noticed to the west of my position, what appeared to be a star. after watching it for a moment i noticed it slowly rise up from its position over regina sk a few degrees. It then began moving toward my position. as the ball of light became closer it started appearing larger and brighter! once it was directly above me i reclined the lawnchair and took my eye off of it for a second. once i got into a comfortable position i started looking for object which just moved above me, however i could not see it moving and i was looking at a sky full of stars. after pointing my camera directly above my position for about 20-30 seconds, i was sure that what ever it was that came over top of me had vanished literaly in the blink of an eye! i ran into my house to see if i had got it dissapearing on video and to my amazment it had stopped moving in a south east direction, and was hovering above me for about 5 seconds, then it takes off verticaly and dissapears in a short few seconds out of sight. 
 ever since my last sighting i have almost religiously been searching for more ufos and have seen one since. however,I was not able to capture it on video
but this video is proof that i did see something strange that night and i know it was out of this world!
