{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64167","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5495278.json","updb_database_id":5495278}
{rjl} 2sphere UFOs in ColumbusAREA 2001or02

When I was in the 3rd or 4th grade my mother and myself witnessed 2 ufos, My Mother would take us out every time she got paid, so although im not sure of the particular date or year, I can narrow it down to a FRIDAY, and most likely between 2001/02/03, which really isn't bad because the scene was something Im sure someone else witnessed. So this day, after 3:30pm school was let out, my mother already cashed her check, and my 2 brothers, mother and myself were en route to go out to eat. While we were driving by one of the airports, I was in the backseat, behind my older brother when maybe 40 miles to my right, high in the sky, were 2 stationary grey spheres. Not exactly sure what they were I asked everyone "what are those", when suddenly both objects started to zigzag in the sky, going miles apart then stopping suddenly, returning, literally going ALL over the sky, then stopping, no particular flight pattern just random crazy ZIG ZAGS, then sudden STOPS. We kept driving, and I eventually lost sight of them. My mother witnessed them also but my 2 brothers couldn't see them although they were trying to, that's literally how fast they were traveling, then making sudden stops. When I ask my mother does she remember she plays it weak and says "yeah we saw something" which is kind of annoying because I know for a fact that she remembers more, she lives in "reality". I was horrified of the dark as a child, and I do remember(IMAGINED) a couple nights being extremely scared that I would have an circular vehicle with about 20 small LED that shined bright like headlights and were in a circular formation on the front of the craft outlining a window would use powers to abduct me through the window(lol) and I slept in my parents room for a bit, although I will admit im not sure if that was directly connected to that particular sighting or not. We lived in a lower income neighborhood, so witnessing UFOS at that time when you're hearing gunshots nightly probably wasn't seen as a priority also is why im not exactly sure of the date this occurred, nor why none of us thought to document it, we had different issues daily. I recently found myself and grew back fascinated with the universe, so that's why im now documenting this. Ive realized how important that sighting was and the magnitude of what I saw.
