{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5431,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5526278.json","updb_database_id":5526278}
2nd Msg to MUFON

As I stated in my previous message I never made it to my duty station in Piegan, Montana. I was going to work for US Customs in Piegan, Montana. My past ID is 194485 Class 626A Sept. 2006.

I was attacked on Bridge in Charleston, West Virginia and somehow taken to another Bridge about 1 or 2 miles from where I was at. My mind is Blank..I do not know What or how I was taken.

Physical Problems since the attack-These Beings put something in my Right Ear and I came back to NC with Telepathic Abilities. 

Telepathic Ability- I will attempt to explain this- It is like being able to hear other humans in my head without the use of my ears. It is like listening to a Radio and not being able to turn this off. The others that I am able to hear talking in my head have used me like their own ET doll. I mean they have attempted to program me like a computer. They have used the book of war on me. They have attempted to make me go without sleep for days-usually 3 at a time until I go nuts. I finally just got to the point I would take a sleep aid to knock me out. As long as I get sleep I am ok and can function. Some of the speech patterns are familar to me of humans that I know. I have even tested these other humans and gave them my cell phone number and address attempting to get them to make actual contact. These other humans or whatever they are will not do this. So basically I hear them talking about me 24 hours a day other than when I am asleep. Sleep is the only break I get! These others that I can hear have developed some kind of code or use certain words that sort-of clue me in on who they are. These telepathic thing is totally seperate from when I am attacked by the Alien Beings. When I am attacked by the Alien Beings I am physically being attacked. Others may not be able to see the beings but they can touch me. They mess around with my physical body. They have not bothered me since May. These being come and go..They will appear to be lights or shadows-orbs or gray like beings.

Problems I have gone through since my return to NC- When I first got back I was in shock..instead of someone taking me to my regular doctor and getting me checked out physically my mother had me thrown into a Mental Hospital. I was TORTURED by FOREIGN DOCTORS. It took me 1 month to get released. My Career in Law-Enforcement was destroyed by this action being taken. I am not Crazy! I have been attacked by these beings and no-one would believe me. I am banned at home from saying the word Alien, Customs, or Montana. I am not allowed to talk about what has happened to me. Basically I am told to just get on with my life and forget.

I have been beat up by the cops here in NC-Cherryville City and Cleveland County Sheriff Department and Rutherford County Sheriff Department. Basically someone in my family will go and take out InVoluntary Committment Papers on me and then the Cops chase me down and send me off to a Mental Hospital where they attempt to Kill me by Over Dosing me on Meds. The last attempt to kill me in a Hospital was at Gaston Memorial where they forced meds on me that dropped my BP down to 77/44. If I am sent off to a local hospital it will take up to 2 weeks to get out. If I am sent off to a State Hospital it will take 1 Month. 

I work full-time as a CNA at Cleveland Pines in Shelby, NC and I will be going to college this Fall at Cleveland Community College in Shelby, NC. I am going back to school this fall for Nursing-RN degree.

What I need from you guys is protection-from the Police and from being thrown into Mental Hospitals when there is nothing wrong with me. 

I need for you guys to move in people around me in this area-Gaston County-Cleveland County-Rutherford county-see if you guys start picking up this Telepathic Thing going on down here.

Every time I get thrown into a Mental Hospital the first people I call are the Church Of Scientology in Charlotte, NC and then they make contact with CA or NY. NY has saved my life before from Kings Mountain Hospital where they were attempting to kill me with meds. 

You may contact me through me e-mail [email removed/cms/tg] I do not have my own computer but I am saving to buy one. I do not have a phone right now because someone broke into my jeep and stole the only 2 phones that I had. 

PS- My youngest Child was taken from me because I was talking about being attacked by Aliens. Gaston County DSS did this to me Feb-15-2010. I have been fighting to get him back and I will be in Court in Gaston County Tues-at 9:30AM. I am doing all that I can to get my child back and if there is anything that you guys can do to help me I would be very thankful. My youngest son is 16 years old and I have a job and a home for us to live in and there is no reason that I cannot get him back.

Sincerely, Amy in NC
