{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-10 07:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51431","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4229,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5507278.json","updb_database_id":5507278}
{cak} large Floating metallic isoscelese triangle with semi circle back end

I am making this report for my wife because she is afraid to make it. She called me at 7:15 am this morning 10/10/13 stating she could see a ufo. She said there was a large metallic triangle with a semi circle back side floating in the air a pretty good ways off. She said from her angle the triangle was near the horizon, about the size of a centimeter, had well defined edges and was glowing the exact same color as the sun rise probably because it was reflecting the morning sun. She said it was a triangle that looked like an arrowhead. She said if she had to estimate it was floating near La Portes City Hall. I checked Google maps and La Portes City Hall is about 8 miles away from where she was standing. Even from that distance she said she could definitely see the shape of the object, an isosceles triangle with the back rounded inward like a semi circle, the back corner edges rounded and the front end was sharp, like an arrowhead. She could not estimate how thick it was. I asked her if the object could be the size of a jumbo jet and she say "maybe, but I don't know because its too far and I cant judge how high up it is" There was no noise detected from the object, but we assumed it was because of the distance from the object. She said she had been watching the object for about 3 minutes now and it had not appeared to be moving or changing directions, just hovering over that location. I suggested that maybe the object was moving away from her to it appeared to be floating, but she insisted the object was not moving while she was observing it. I asked her if there were any windows, lights or markings on the object and she said she could not see any markings or windows, but that the object was reflecting the sun so it was hard to tell. She could tell there were no lights blinking or flashing near or on the object (like you see on all regular planes).
I asked her to take a picture with her iphone and email it to me, but no matter how much she zoomed in or out the object would not show up on the iphones camera. I asked her to take the picture anyway and send it to me. We both think that the brightness of the sunrise was preventing the object from showing up in the picture. I have attached the image, but I cannot see the object in the photo at all, the sun was too bright. My wife had to go into work, when she left to go inside she said the object was still floating in the air. I asked my wife to draw the shape of the object and send me a picture. The second attached picture is a rough sketch of the object on a white board.
  My office is a few miles from La Portes City Hall. I stepped out of my office shortly after the phone call, at about 7:40 am, and looked in the direction my wife had described. I could not locate the object. I then looked toward the general direction of where she works, also a few miles away, and could not see the object. I am reporting this hoping someone else closer to the object has more details.

  The only other details I have to add is that we have grown up living in this area and are aware of the airports in the area and the usual aircraft that fly in and out of them. We are near Ellington field as well and have seen many out of the ordinary military aircraft flying in and out, this object did not move like a conventional aircraft that she has seen over the last roughly 30 years.
