{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-21 23:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547278","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17638","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2304,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/278/mufon-5547278.json","updb_database_id":5547278}
Light flashing from extremely high altitude at long intervals.

I was throwing some trash in the dumpster where i work when i happened to notice a light flash high in the sky.. i imediatly attempted to locate the object but was unable to see it at first.. appoximately 10-20 seconds later it flashed again and allowed me to get a better fix on the area..again another 10-20 seconds passed before it flashed again.. this time i was able to focus on the object.. it appeared to be at an extremely high altitude far higher than any planes in the area fly..again another 10-20 seconds passed and it flashed again.. i continued to watch the object fly in a northeast direction... the object flashed one more time approximately 10-20 seconds after the last one then completely disappeared..i see satellites fly by on a nightly basis.. and shortly after this diappeared a satellite passed by in the same general area and was noticably closer than the object that i observed as well as far brighter in intensity..the flashes looked as though the light took a second to reach where i was as if it flashed then the full intensity of the light would come though a second later.. at first i thought i might just be seeing things.. then after locating and fixing on the position in the sky which eventually was directly over my head in a completely clear sky with minimal light interference.. as soon as the sighting ended i went straight to my vehicle and wrote down exactly what happened as well as times and weather conditions.. the sighting gave me further proof that something is going on in the skys over west texas and eastern new mexico as this is no where near the first thing i have seen.. and i doubt it will be the last
