{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-01 12:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470749","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/749/mufon-5470749.json","updb_database_id":5470749}
{jpg}

At the time of the sighting, was working at my job location site of a sand/gravel production pit that was located approx. 1/4 mile to the west of the intersection area of I-25 and CO St. Hwy. 119, just to the north of Hwy. 119, near the little community of Del Camino, CO. Was in the site's large-material "crusher" area, with the area shut down to begin lunch break, which was generally eaten while sitting around in our parked, personal vehicles. After having started the lunch break, I took the opportunity to casually glance around and observe my surroundings, including the sky. The day had quite hot temperature, with very little breeze out of an unremembered direction. The sky over the whole visible region was sparsely cloudy at high altitude, and the sun was at a position of approx. 45-50 degrees off of the horizon to the south. The skies over the region were noticed to be filled with many high altitude aircraft con-trails, as well as a few aircraft in the active process of adding new trails. While in the process of observing how lightly any high altitude winds were having dispersal effects on the various vapor trails, my attention was caught by one particular trail that was unusual, compared to the rest. The unusual trail was located far to the south, and was estimated as being approx. over the metro-area of Denver, with an east-to-west placement that was estimated over the general course of I-70. The contrail was unusual, as besides the standard, normal-looking aircraft vapor trail, evenly spaced along its entire visible length the con-trail was "surrounded" by large, ring/donut-shaped "puffs". The trail ran from as far as the eye could see to the east, and was lost to view eventually to the west, from blocking mountain terrain, with the aircraft responsible for the trail already gone from the area, before notice of the con-trail. Wind dispersal was light enough, that had the trail under observation for approx. 45 minutes, until resumption of work activities. Sketch available.
