{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469749","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/749/mufon-5469749.json","updb_database_id":5469749}
Three lights travelling southerly, paused, two continued south, one went easterly

I have decided to share with MUFON an experience I had many years ago. I have not been ashamed or afraid to share this story, and have in fact spoken of it with many family members and friends over the years. Now that I frequently watch Hangar 1, I wish to share it with you. I realize that there is likely no where to go as far as an investigative effort into this incident due to the lapse of time and with no proof other than my story.

One summer night in the early 1980s, I was returning to my home in the small central Alberta town where I then lived. It was near midnight. Before I entered my house, I paused on the doorstep and looked straight up into the clear moonless sky.

In awe of the brilliant stars I could see, within a few seconds I noticed three lights moving in triangular formation coming from the north at what I felt was a rate of speed comparable to satellites. Interestingly enough, there is a segment in the opening credits of each Hangar 1 episode where three lights cross the sky that remind me of what I saw. "My lights", however, were hardly more than pinpricks in the inky black sky. They appeared to be flying at an extremely high altitude also not unlike satellites. Believing it was a satellite or a trio of satellites, I was not particularly affected by what I saw. I refer to a "trio of satellites" as there was no obvious evidence of the lights being separate crafts or all part of one vehicle.

When the lights were almost directly above me, the display upped its ante. Without altering formation, all three lights came to an abrupt halt. There was no period of slowing down; the forward progress of the -- whatever they were -- stopped on the proverbial dime. The lights remained stationary for a short time, probably less than five seconds. Then at a much higher rate of speed than they were travelling previously, perhaps as much as ten times faster, the lights moved and disappeared from view. Again there was no period of acceleration: 0 to 100, as it were, in less than a second. However, they did not travel together in a triangle as they had done when I first saw them. Two of the lights raced off side by side in the same southerly direction. The third went alone in an easterly direction. All three were gone from my sight in an unbelievably brief time frame.

It was only when the lights hovered and then raced away so quickly that I started thinking I was seeing UFOs. At no time, then or since, have I felt threatened or targeted. This lack of fear was probably because of what I perceived to be such a great distance between them and me. I did not suffer any trauma, illness, or disadvantageous long-term effects.

To the best of my memory, I have always believed that we are not alone in this enormous universe. Following that incident about four decades ago, I am more convinced of this. After this sighting, I entered my home and prepared for bed, devoid of any unease. To be sure, I reflected on what I had just witnessed. Then and since. I do not feel as though my life has been affected adversely by the events of that night so long ago. Nor do I feel that my life would be disturbed if I were to see the same thing tonight.
