{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-11-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548749","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8428","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4136,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/749/mufon-5548749.json","updb_database_id":5548749}
Exact translation for AR post below + online newspaper translation.

The central testimony, that was published in the newspaper The Voice of the Town of Three Streams, is of four police officers that were seen surprised by a strange ship of light "white with greenish sparkles and similar strong smell Al sulfur or gunpowder followed by a compatible crash with that of a thunder". 

That description of the uniformed coincides with about ten other witnesses. "These they are delicate themes that one must handle with a lot care. We collected various testimonies coincidentes and the strongest are of the police officers that were in the rural patrol of routine in the early morning", needed Virginia Goycochea, journalist jefa of section of the newspaper where was published the nota.http://www.lavozdelpueblo.com.ar/diario/2007-11-11/La_Region/24326.htm							    Online news paper translation:The Region The day after a difficult episode to forget UFOS: a region that not its amazement leaves after of the story of 4 police officers The testimony of four uniformed that assure to have seen extraterrestrial beings in a spot of Irene, generated diverse comments among the neighbors of that zone. There would
be more witnesses of the mysterious episode The inhabitants of East and the region comment amazed them you said of the police officers that affirm to have seen the early morning on Wednesday humanoid beings in the surrounding area of the spot Irene. 

The comments circulate among the neighbors and give rise to the diverse speculations, but the supposed episode -Al to be witnessed by four uniformed- leaves to one hallucinations possibilities side or wrong visions. The color and tone of the light, indicated as white with greenish sparkles, and the similar strong smell Al sulfur or gunpowder followed by a compatible crash with that of a thunder, does not leave place to doubts keeping in mind that Al less about ten neighbors of the zone coincide with the description of the phenomenon. 

"We were sleeping when a noise that the revent1n of a tire seemed startled us and caused trembled the glasses of the windows during some moments. Though we look at through the window not to have swum rare and did not we give importance Al done", counted a woman that was surprised near the two in the morning on Wednesday by the sound. To this testimony adds themselves that of other neighbors that heard the resound but him did not they lend greater attention owed Al hourly in which was produced, and that Al following day after listening the versions of the apparition of a UFO corroborated his. 

More witnesses

Besides, stories of people are added that occasionally circulated by neighborhood roads doing rural tasks and observed the whitish sparkle in the country. 

All the conjectures that can be done on the theme they bring to collation a reality that exceeds the human reasoning and that, consequently, leaves a halo of mystery for some and a clear incredulity for other. 

The certain thing is that a group of people participated this week of an experience that will recall for the remainder of its days. Surely it will add Al story of other similar apparitions that are transmitted orally by their protagonists, and the theories that go since the same distrust to the intervention of the NASA, passing for a great quantity of options, they will be part of the folk tradition of a locality that would have been visited by four extraterrestrials of 80 centimeters with prominent eyes of gray color and skin of greenish tone
