{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-17 18:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504749","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/749/mufon-5504749.json","updb_database_id":5504749}
{rjl} driving east i saw it over a feild no noise, made u turn at end of road and it vanished

I was driving home heading east down warwick ave. I notices lights over the feild, at first i was holy crap is a plane about to crash, but then as i got closer i realised it wasnt moving, and slowed down trying to figure out what i was looking at. I came to a complete stop and i was staring right at a large ship, i knew this was no plane or blimp or anything ive seen in my life. It was so shiney like fresh polished crome and was triangular and had a smoth curve on the top that was shiney but very dark like black. There were red lighs that stayed on and white lights that were so ultra white on the sides,it seemed like it only illuminated the craft, nothing around it was illuminated, and the relection from the white like pulsated off the craft as well as green lights that did the same but at the bottom. When i was further up the road the lights seemed to span out in the air, when i was stopped it was just the craft pulsating, there was no noise at all. At first i was confused and when it sunk in what it wasi was in awe then felt very uneasy, i got nervous. Its a very dark road and i saw headlights in both directions so keeping my eye on it constantly looking back i made u turn to go back and tape it, i looked away for a few seconds to make the turn and it vanish, i felt alittle scared. I drove all the wau back down the road very slowly there was nothing in the feild or in the sky, not even a light in the distance, there were two people who were walking down the road who were now running. I was completely freaked out at this point and turned around and went back down the road again to go home, still not a thing in sight. There were 2 people walking atleast 3 other cars passed theres houses on the road and also a high school, i hope more witnesses come forward, it was truley an experience to be so close and get such a good look, i have goose bumps writing this
