{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499749","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59383","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/749/mufon-5499749.json","updb_database_id":5499749}
{jd} Stationary Metallic Oval-Disc shape above the Ojai Valley Northeast mountain ridge.

UFO Sightings in Ojai Valley, California

First Sighting
Date: I am sorry to have not recalled the specific date of this occurrence. It was roughly between August 2012 1 November 2012.
Time: Approximately between 12noon-3pm
Duration of Sighting (Before my departure): 4-6 minutes
Shape: Metallic Oval-disc

	My location started at the east end of downtown Ojai. There were no visual obstructions in my view. I am a person with 20/20 vision. Approximate location of UFO was above and possibly slightly behind a mountain ridge of North-east Ojai valley. The distance between the object and myself, judging east downtown Ojai to the mountain ridge it hovered above, is approximately 2 to 2.5 miles. The objects size from my perspective could have been from 100 ft long and 20 ft tall to 300 ft long and 60ft tall. It appeared to hover above, either directly above or back and above, the mountain ridge. There was a very slight distance between the object and the mountain ridge at about a 16th of an inch, if I were to hold my forefinger and thumb to measure from my location.

It was a clear sunny day without a cloud in the sky. I was walking down the sidewalk looking at the scenery along the Ojai valley mountain range. My first observance was spotting something metallic, noticing sun reflection on its surface. My first impression was that is was either an airplane or a satellite dish. There are airplanes in flight traffic pattern in the east end sky of Ojai valley. However, as I noticed it was not moving along the mountain ridge or diminishing or growing in size, I knew it could not be an airplane. I then, thought maybe it1s a Blimp, but again, it was not moving in any direction, just fixed. Also, the shape was very much more oval or disc shaped to be a blimp. So, then I presumed it to be a Satellite Dish I hadn1t noticed before. I did think it seemed much too large to be a satellite dish atop a mountain ridge at that distance. I simply came to the conclusion that that is what it must be, a Satellite dish. So, Then I got to my car, proceeding to drive in the opposite direction, still observing it and wondering about it, since it had such a mysterious and odd looking presence. 

The next day I was in the same area, I remembered where I had seen the supposed Satellite Dish. I kept looking and looking along the mountain ridges. It wasn1t there anymore. I thought 1No way, it couldn1t be what I think it is.1 I have been going over and over in my mind about this sighting. I tend to take a scientific approach to things. I thought, there can1t be any denying it, it has to have been a UFO. I have heard from others in the Ojai Valley that they had had some experiences of the UFO or extraterrestrial kind, though not sounding as clear and present as my sighting. I had never had an encounter of this sort before. Even though I knew it was possible, I thought it had to be impossible to happen to me. I do believe there are other technologically advanced life forms in our universe. The age of the Universe and the time it has taken for us, alone, to develop to what we are today and know what we can be capable of, is a good enough ratio of time for others to have developed far and beyond what we have accomplished or can imagine. This is a chance for me to add to the plethora of genuine and growing evidence out there. I wanted to finally share this to help to bring awareness that there are other beings and forces out there and around us. I believe that there are those that would harm us, but also those that wish to aid us. Hopefully someday we will all be able to witness and know the Truth that has been so well kept through deception and secrecy. As for my account you can take it or leave it. I simply would like to add my observance to the collective. I hope that this will help for further investigation or for confirmation of other eyewitness accounts in this area and beyond.

Peace be with you.
