{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-24 18:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454429","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107189","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/429/mufon-5454429.json","updb_database_id":5454429}
{rjl} egg shaped object surrounded by a golden luminous rainbow aura

First of all, the "required fields" in your window forms that I had to fill out, do not allow for being on board an aircraft at the time of the sighting. I was in a plane, not in a "city", and I was OVER a state { most likely Indiana by the time frame of the plane flight } not IN a state, and NOT IN a "county" but over an unknown county, so my answers in your "required fields" in order to complete the submission process are incorrect and "N/A". OK, with that being said - My wife and I took Delta Flight # 5262 from Knoxville to Detroit on the evening of March 24, 2020, in a Boing CRJ200. Strange flight to start with since the Corona fears and recommendations, the Knoxville Airport {TYS} was virtually empty, nothing open and almost no people except TSA personnel . After boarding our flight the total number of passengers I counted on the plane was 8 people, that too was so out of the ordinary ... very creepy and reminiscent of Steven King's "The Langoliers" in my mind, but the plane left Knoxville TYS at 5:48 pm, and was about 30 minutes late from its scheduled time of departure of 5:20 pm. After the plane had reached its cruising altitude, I began taking photos of clouds from our window with my iphone 6x. You see I have always felt it to be a miraculous thing to have a view above the clouds, a view "reserved for the angels" is amazing to me :-). So it was at 6:28pm { the time stamped on my photo from the iPhone} when I noticed a small golden glowing circle had appeared over the clouds off to the right out of the window. I took a few more shots thinking I must be seeing a "Sundog" in the clouds, which have always fascinated me, and then I switched my iPhone setting from "photo" to "video" mode, and filmed a 29 second video of the unusual light. I didn't think much more about it, and sat back, continuing to take an occasional still shot again from time to time when the landscape of the clouds had morphed into some new and interesting pattern. It really wasn't until after landing that I was able to closely review the video and then I could see that the "sundog" was actually an egg shaped object that had been pacing the speed of the plane while projecting a golden glowing rainbow of light on top of the clouds as it traveled through them. Its important to understand that the position of the sun was on the opposite side of the plane, so there is no way for a reflection of the plane to be projected somehow onto the clouds in front of our window view. Another thing to notice in the video is that my iPhone itself moves "up and down" while I am filming because of the natural flight turbulence of the plane, but if you look at the object outside while that is happening, the ORB remains 'fixed" in its flight course and it does NOT follow the moving of my phone up or down, so the image filmed is Not somehow being reflected from the phone onto the surface of the window glass INSIDE the plane. Note also that the plane's course, speed, and direction remained constant during all of my photos and video ... from those taken between 6:20 pm and 6:26 pm, and those taken after 6:28 pm. Lastly, since the video is on my iPhone, it has allowed me to use my finger touch screen, to "pause" and to "scroll" through each of the video images. I found that by doing so I can see the cloud cover in a "slow motion" effect, definitely displaying the "orb" BEHIND some of the clouds in the foreground of the plane, the clouds being BETWEEN the plane and the object, demonstrating to me at least, that the circle of light can not be any kind of a "reflection" caused by or from the plane on the clouds. All I CAN say is that for me, this is a GLORIOUS thing to have witnessed, and to be able to watch again and again on video! Just seeing that radiating golden rainbow of light racing across the cloud cover in various intensities reflection because of the cloud shapes is spellbinding. Its an object unlike anything I have ever seen. It flies through the surrounding clouds quite literally like an angel would. Had I known it was not simply a sundog, I would have taken a MUCH longer video and done so in a MUCH higher resolution capture rate as well! .... witch BTW, I am leaving set to HD from now on! Thanks for your time and interest, I hope that you find it to be as fascinating as it has been to me! ~ Bob[name removed/cms/rjl]
