{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-01 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503429","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55514","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7611,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/429/mufon-5503429.json","updb_database_id":5503429}
{cak} After several strange happenings on a camping trip, we woke up to see a disk which hovered for hours.

I was living in San Antonio going to college back in 2010. I was a freshman at the time. I have always enjoyed nature and love to go camping multiple times a year whenever and wherever I can. Living in San Antonio, all I had to do was drive west less than five minutes to watch the hills begin grow progressively larger the farther west you drive into that which is the Texas hill country. A bit over an hour drive north west was Enchanted Rock,[1] which is a giant granite dome jutting out of the earth, awesome for hiking, great views, and my next camping destination.

The plan was to go in a group of four; me, a girl friend of mine from high school who I was to pick up in Austin, and two friends of hers who I had previously met. Well, her other two friends bailed last minute and it was just me and her. I was going camping whether or not anyone went with me, which she knew, so she decided to tag along despite her friends flaking out. I picked her up in Austin as planned and we drove out west to Enchanted Rock for a great day of hiking and spelunking through the cave at the top. After hours of hiking trails, climbing the rock, and crawling through caves, she was beat and decided to go to sleep at around 8:30. We were camped on a ridge just west of the rock, about 2 1/2 miles from the car, with a great view of the Enchanted Rock itself, as well as the area surrounding us. My friend, Jenn, went to sleep and I stayed up to watch the stars; which are beautiful out there, being 14 miles from the nearest town. Here's where things got weird.

It began with me noticing a bright 'star' just above the horizon in the w/sw, and when I say bright, I mean it was almost blinding, the brightest star in the sky. I noticed it seemed to flicker, or flutter in place. Sort of bouncing around all over the place but staying in the same general area. Now I don't know what came over me, what I was thinking, or what I expected to happen, but I just got the idea to start flashing my flashlight at this star. As I do, the thing starts to move up, in its same fluttering motion, only moving a bit higher into the sky with each bounce. I stopped flashing my light and it began to fall. More flashing, it bounces up a bit more. Stop, it begins to fall. It also seemed to be flashing back at me. I did this for a few minutes as my interest piqued, eventually waking up Jenn to check it out. We sat there for over 30 minutes flashing that flashlight at the star, to the point where it had bounced its way from just above the horizon to almost directly above our heads. Eventually, we stopped flashing all together and it sank consistently until it fell below the horizon, not returning.

A couple hours go by after the star disappeared below the horizon, with nothing peculiar happening until we noticed a light slowly, almost unnoticeably, coming up over the other side of the rock from the east. It was very bright, and at first I thought it could just be the moon rising, but as several minutes go by, a light in the shape of a hexagon slowly rose to the top of the rock. Only the edges were illuminated, the center was dark, either hollow, or a dark material. As it reached the top of the rock, the hexagon broke apart into six separate bars of light, each going its own way moving over the face of the rock (which is just over a mile long) in a matter of seconds; scaling the rock from top to bottom (a sheer 500 foot rock face) in a matter of seconds. Impossible feats for a person. We could see the lights illuminating the rock and trees as they moved around up there. We saw two of them dip below the tree line at the base of the rock, out of our line of sight, and the trees at the bottom had a blue glow as they were lit up as the lights moved passed them, and toward us. At this point we freaked out and retreated to our tent. We began hearing noises in the woods surrounding us; something heavy moving around in the brush, a motor type sound moving through the woods in the near distance (it's after midnight and no motor vehicles are allowed in this state park), and lights started flickering against the outside of our tent, shining directly at our campsite. Both of us were terrified, and honestly didn't fully grasp what was happening outside, and the fear of the unknown took over. It could have been anything out there. People could have just been walking by and accidentally shone their flashlights our way... trust me I've taken all of this into consideration. The story isn't over yet.

The mystery lights disappeared after about thirty minutes or so and the noises soon after. Both myself, and Jenn were exhausted from being so scared, not to mention hiking and climbing miles of country the day before. The clock was nearing 1am, we fell asleep.

I woke up at 3:30am in a daze, the kind of wake up where you lift your head off the pillow, open your eyes, then bury your face back down and pass out again; only when I opened my eyes, I saw a light in the sky through the opaque silk of the tent. I unzipped the zipper of the tent to get a better view, and before me, hovering only about 500 feet above enchanted rock, was a disk. It made little to no sound, maybe a faint hum if anything, it had twelve circular lights around the edge of the craft and it spun counter clockwise at varying speeds, at times so fast, the 12 lights merged into a solid white line, and at other times so slow, I had the time to count the lights. It was about 150-200 ft long, but the most interesting thing about it was the way it moved. It was unlike anything I had ever seen, except for maybe a few hours earlier, and from much farther away. It tilted and whirled and bounced around in the air, but stayed in the same area. It tilted side to side, would move diagonally so, then would level out and move directly up and down, then maybe side to side, and then spin like a top again. The best i can describe it was erratic, but controlled. I watched, slack jawed and in awe for a few minutes until I turned around and woke up Jenn who was sleeping behind me. I told her to stay calm and just to sit up and look. She did, and freaked out at first, wanting to leave right then, only retracting her idea after I pointed out we would have to pack up all our gear and hike over 2 miles back to the car, also having to walk directly under the @#$% thing. I wasn't leaving the tent. Her and I sat there and watched the UFO for over 3 hours. It stayed there directly above Enchanted Rock until the daylight started seeping over the horizon; and as the sun slowly rose, the UFO slowly rose higher into the sky in it's bouncing, jerking motions, over the course of 15-20 minutes until it had risen above the morning clouds and out of sight. The next morning we hiked to where we had seen the object and found burnt vegetation in a few places, but nothing that we could know for sure was caused by the craft.
