{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514429","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43793","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4155,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/429/mufon-5514429.json","updb_database_id":5514429}
{dr}Looked similar to blinking FAA lights, but stayed stationary.

I could simply be losing my footing here or maybe Ive just become more vigilant of the night sky. Both might be interesting stories, meanwhile heres the latter...

My father and I were driving northbound on 35E just north of the Sturgeon Lake exit around 8:00 pm November 2nd for MN deer opener. I saw what appeared to be flashing FAA lights above the Northwestern tree top. I need to add that I was in the middle of a conversation about the UFO that I reported on this forum about a month ago. So, lately my eyes are fixed on anything in the night sky for a few seconds longer than most people, or at least until can I verify some earthly characteristics =) FAA lights are convincing enough, right? 

We were driving at about 70 MPH northbound when I first noticed what appeared to be FAA lights above the NW tree line. It appeared to be at a 45 degree angle from our location. It was the typical blue, green, red strobe. Pretty monotonous pattern. As I was telling my story Im seeing these lights flicker. I told my dad to look and tell me if that thing is just hovering there. He couldnt arch down and look because he was driving too fast. He suggested that it was probably a satellite. 
 "Dont satellites move?" I asked.
  "Well some have solar panels that cause all sorts of colored reflections."
 "Okay, but if you just look you can clearly see those are lights flashing, and were getting closer to it which means its not that high. Maybe its a cellphone tower, and this is some kind of alarm light?"

As we neared it about 1 minute later I had to get my head closer to the windshield. I realized it was too high to be a cell tower. 

"Would a helicopter just hover like this in the middle of nowhere? Hey, if you look at this these lights are way different. There sort of directed at us."

"I cant see it!--Im driving!"

As we got near perpendicular to it from the highway it was hovering at about 75 degrees on our west. All three colors were strobing at the same time: Red, blue and green. The only thing I can compare the lights to is a laser show at a concert-- only right when the laser points directly into your eyes. The brightness of the colors gave it substance like a beam, just like looking into a light with watery eyes. From that felt I could conclude that the lights were faced in a downward direction.

This is the location: 46.36146,-92.800281

I would have immediately dismissed this as a helicopter had the lights appeared consistent with FAA lights. Id prefer the process of privately repairing "crazy" rather than post a story easily dismissible as FAA lights. And then I saw this video on youtube: 

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

I calculated the distance and height of the lights assuming that my ETA is reasonably correct. I think this is called triangulation, but don't hold me to the math. 

Objects Approx. angle: 45 degrees above horizon (Northnorthwest)
Vehicles Approx. speed: 60 mph
Approx. Time to perpendicular: 1 minute 
= one mile in elevation. 

Approx. angle at perpendicular: 60 degrees (west) 
Elevation: one mile 
=.5773 miles distance to west. 

I looked into local airports. The Moose Lake Carlton County airport is five miles due North of this location. I also looked into the possibility of the lights coming from the airport beacon. From the information I could gather the beacon is located at the airport and is clear/green and appears at 1 to 10 degrees above the horizon.

--Thanks again
