{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-19 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285429","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117977","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2510,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/429/mufon-5285429.json","updb_database_id":5285429}
black triangle with 3 large white lights 1 red

I walked out on the back porch at 10pm UFO was so low that the 3 white lights and the center red light totally caught my attention quick. It moved from my left to right , south to north very slow and dead silent. It had 3 large white lights at all 3 points a large red light in the center. I watched for about 10 seconds as it slowly moved over head then I opened my back door and without saying a word I grabbed my 13 year old daughter, who was just 4 feet inside the door, by her arm and pulled her out on to the back porch as fast as I could and all I could say, as I pointed up at the UFO that was still moving slowly on the same course, was "LOOK!". With a worried sound in her voice she said "Daddy what is that?" I said very plainly "ALIENS". It really scared her we stood next to each other until it was out of sight. After it was gone I ran up stairs to tell my 17 year old son and his friend who were playing Xbox live, I told them what I had just seen and they both had a concerned look on there faces and said nothing. My son, after about 6-10 seconds, said "did you see it just now?", I said "yes". Then he told me when they were playing that a loud screeching sound started coming through the speakers and the tv screen turned solid white for a few seconds then turned solid red for a few more seconds then when the tv screen cleared the game just restarted while in the middle of them playing. That was the whole experience from start to finish. I have never reported anything like this before, this encounter was just to big to ignore and it's been on my mind for too long. I felt I just had to share it. I did not get any pictures of it personally, but inside of a few minutes I found a picture in the internet that looks just like it.
