{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-22 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525429","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30326","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2857,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/429/mufon-5525429.json","updb_database_id":5525429}
large , red-orange glowing orb moved slowly across sky, disappeared then reappeared closer

On the night of July 22, 2011 at around 9:00 pm my 5 1/2 year old son and I were alone on Litchfield Beach. We had just watched some small fireworks from people about 100 yards up the beach and remained lying on our blanket to look at the stars. It was a clear night. We were facing the ocean and stayed there gazing and talking about the stars and the beach. A few people passed by walking but eventually we were alone in our area. After about 30 minutes (now close to 9:00 pm) I decided it was time to return to the beach house. My son sat up first and when he turned around he exclaimed immediately about what he saw in the sky behind and to the left of us. I sat up, turned and gasped because it was a large orange glowing orb (far larger than any aircraft)which appeared to be moving toward us but was actually moving away (north) from us. It was over land not ocean and we watched it move slowly and smoothly across the sky for close to 2 minutes then disappear into isolated cloud cover or maybe the haze of Myrtle Beach lighted sky. My son was a little worried but I remained calm and explained what "UFO" and "unidentified" actually meant. About another minute later I turned around and it was there again but directly behind us. We both saw it. It was clearly visible and seemingly a brightly glowing gaseous or firery orange orb with red outer tinge (with outstretched arms if you encircled it with hands-about the size of a grapefruit or large apple). My little boy said "it looks like fire and gas". It was unlike ANYTHING I'd ever seen in the sky before. This time I was uneasy because it was quite ominous and eerie so when my little boy said "I think we should get out of here...Mom,lets go" I stood up grabbed our blanket without shaking it off and we left, still watching it as we walked up and over the boardwalk. On the golf cart ride back to the beach house I said that no one was going to believe us. We returned to the beach house and told all of the family about it. My son described it the same as I would have as "orange and round and on top what looked like a red cap". It was a little hard falling asleep just thinking about it.
