{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530429","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/429/mufon-5530429.json","updb_database_id":5530429}
Black sphere going in and out of thunder head cloud.

Aug 7, 2010   aproximately 8:30 pm
My wife and I were in the park on the north side.  She could not see the object with her naked eyes and never saw it.  I described what I was seeing to her.
Evening daylight,  almost due east,  a huge towering cloud with an anvil top that was discharging lighning.  The cloud was glowing brightly at the top because of the setting sun.
It was about 10 miles or more from us.  I was looking at it with my highpower binculars and
noticed a shinney black dot or oval shape appear right next to the cloud.  It was located just above the middle of the towering storm cloud.  It stayed it that position for maybe one minute  then went into the cloud.  It was in the cloud maybe thirty or forty seconds, then came out at the same position along side of the cloud.  It stayed there for for over a minute, then moved off around the noth end of the cloud, turning to the north east and leasurly went that direction untill is was out of sight.

Aug 8, 2010  about 9:00
We were at our favorite spot again in the park.  I was getting dark and a extremely intense light started approaching us from the south west,  It looked to be maybe a half mile away when it stoped and just stayed in the same position for what seemed like three minutes.  Then it went out. It looked like it was only a hundred feet from the ground.  We saw what looked like light aircraft pass by with their marker lights on just shortly aftward. They were slightly to the south of where the object was only at a higher altitude.  

Side note There was a NOTAM posted the the Dallas, Collin and some srounding areas were in a no fly zone for a period of time today  Aug 9, 2010.  The reason I received this NOTAM is because I fly RC Aircraft.
