{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465429","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95348","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3513,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/429/mufon-5465429.json","updb_database_id":5465429}
{jpg} I noticed one hovering&moving in all directions then started noticing2,3,4,5etc.The only1different would move w/no lights on but blink every 13-40sec&was always in a diferent area.

I couldn't sleep because my back was hurting me so I went outside to smoke. I noticed a starlike object blinking which was caught out the side of my eye. As I stared at it I noticed that it was floating but would then move in all directions. It'd go to the right fast, then down, back up, to the side, it would move nonstop. I also saw this on September 24,2018 and just knew if there was one there was more so I started watching what I originally thought were stars and sure enough once I watched them for a few seconds I saw that they too were moving all over the place and in all directions but they ALL were staying pretty much in the same area. I kept counting and stopped at 15. The entire time I had been looking east but as I was about to go inside I decided to look west towards Phoenix and sure enough I saw about 4 more over there before I stopped counting. They would all act in the same way which was kinda floating but hovering and then moving in all directions and periodically they would suddenly dim their lights which normally had been on the entire time so that they were invisible then a few seconds later I'd see a flash and the lights would be back on. There was only 1 that I noticed behaving differently. I always stare at the sky because I like watching airplanes and this one kept blinking like an airplane does but I know it wasn't an airplane because it would blink anywhere between 13seconds-1.5 minutes and next time it blinked it'd be in a different area.

Since my first sighting when I saw 3 of these September 24, 2018 I look for them every time I go out at night but this is the first time I've seen them or seen so many. I have insomnia so it's not unusual for me to be outside but it was the blinking of the first starlike thing that caught my attention.

I was excited at first and I kept thinking if there's one there's more but NEVER in my wildest dreams did I expect to see so many. I have a feeling there were more but I stopped counting after 15. By that time I started to get scared wondering what the heck was HOVERING all over our skies. I eventually came inside to see if there was anywhere online to report these strange things but they were still out in the sky.

Unfortunately I tried recording them with my cell phone on the 24th but I have an old and crappy phone because I hate the thing and rarely use it. I was hoping if I reported it while it was still happening other people in the area could view it but I don't know how your sight works.

Before I go I have seen the Phoenix lights before and these remind me of them a little BUT these lights were NOT all lined up in one area and they didn't just hover but moved in all directions but pretty much stayed in the same area.
