{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-22 03:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493429","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/429/mufon-5493429.json","updb_database_id":5493429}
{jpg} Flying A cargo run From van nuys to hayward and had objects pace me

I was on an Ifr flight plan and in contact with ATC the entire flight. I was about 60-70 miles east Of Hayward Ca at 10 and given PD to 6k through 8.5 i noticed a greenish ball of light pop up from the layer that was at 6k it seemed to be 1000 yards to my 11 oclock. it rose to my altitude and stopped. and it appeared to be pacing me. 30 seconds later a second one popped up from the cloud layer. it stopped next to the first one.then the lights started to move up and down and left to right then 15-20 seconds later vanished, on to appear about 50 feet off of the nose of aircraft. they started the same movement for 30 seconds and in a blink were gone. I then call ATC and reported and asked for any other targets, i was told they were not seeing anything, just as i stopped talking i look out to my left wing and there is an object or craft right next to my wing, and to the right another, and they were not feet away but inches. i had allready turned off all interior lights and exterior to verify to my self i was not seeing any type of reflection. There were at least 4-6 and i took 2:34 of high def video and capture at least 30 frames of something i dont think has ever been seen before. this is not a hoax or any way a joke. the objects paced me and stayed in my plane view hovering me while i was setting up for an approach into Hayward. the story is amazing and lasted just over 10 minutes. I feel very lucky to have seen this in my lifetime and will share it but swant to speak with some one first. I have the video and applied for a copyright. also have council. i am having the video enhanced by a lab and should have the enhance version by the end of the week. If this does not prove to who ever that we are being visited by something not of this planet i dont think anything can.the amount of things i watched was amazing. these objects were quiet did not produce any upsetting wake and believe me they passed feet in front of me multiple time at speeds i would guess over 2000kts. i have on video one object starts at a what seems to be a stationary position and there is a small fla
sh then two steaks right across the nose of the plane and it is only in a single frame for .1000 of that single frame. The camera was a basic samsung S3 recording in high definition at 30fps.there is more but I would rather talk to some one. I ask the pictures not be shared yet. The faa has spoken with me also.
