{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-08-29 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482429","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77531","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3617,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/429/mufon-5482429.json","updb_database_id":5482429}
Somewhat high above Saint Thomas Virgin Island August 2005 when hurricane Katrina was landing in NO, LA

I actually saw one hovering well above the hillish/mountainish tops of Saint Thomas, Virgin Islands while on a boat traveling west from Saint Johns back towards Saint Thomas right at dusk. My lady friend and I both witnessed this disc/oval-shaped craft with strobing lights for nearly the entire 20 minute boat ride. It never moved and we could clearly see no structure beneath the craft as there was still some light just above the mountain tops and well below this UFO. We witnessed this right when hurricane Katrina was landing on New Orleans in August 2005. So, once we got closer to the shore of ST. Thomas Island the mountainish landscape obstructed a better view because I imagine the craft was set further back above the island. The one regret I have is not bringing binoculars and/or a telephoto camera lens. 

Regarding Human Abduction (not mine as it never happened to me): 
What I think is happening has much to do with David Paulides Missing 411 reports combined with the nearly 1680 DUMBs worldwide. 
It is probably a combination of both, some people being taken up into spacecrafts and/or also many taken well below underground where it is said human cloning operations/life-extension technology is said to be going on; i.e. A.I. Super Computer assisted holographic soul/consciousness transferring into age-accelerated clone look-a-likes and/or randoms. Its life-extension technology that the super wealthy and well connected political elites are now being told they too can have as never before for a large price; e.g. much money and/or the selling out of humanity via the eugenics-based human depopulation endgame. Keep in mind the eugenic's based Stonehenge-like Georgia Guidestones Monument with its number one recommendation etched in granite written in 8 different languages in tandem with the UNESCO Treaty UN Agenda-21/Up-Dated 2030 Agenda 2.0 .. Also search Philip Schneider and Paul Hellyer with what they have to say regarding Grey Aliens living underground and many other various species of ET's. 
Now combine all that I mentioned with the fact that the Hubble UDF Scan has observed 176 Billion Galaxies while most top Astronomy Scientists now speculate many-many other earth-like (hell) planets (the up-coming 2018 James Webb Infrared Space Telescope is expected to find over One Trillion other Galaxies). I said "hell" planets because this is where we all come to suffer accordingly as our "cause and effect" karma debt would have it via Absolute "Truth" Soul-Consciousness Heaven Courtroom Review, Absolute Heaven Courtroom Judgement, Absolute Heaven Courtroom Karma-Debt Based Justice, Absolute Heaven Courtroom Sentencing/Reincarnation. 
Look up Mandela Effect and how Philip K Dick realized that this is quite possibly something he tapped into in order to write all those sci-fi novels in which many of them became big box office movies successes.

[irrelevant ad removed/cms/tg
