Date                          Date
Case Number: 1949 16122023                    12/16/2023                        01/31/2024
Report:                      Resolution:
Location: Cauquenes Region: El Maule Classification: Resolved.
A report considered an aerial anomaly was seen at "04:40" hours.
Summary:
as of December 16, 2023, from the city of Cauquenes,
The reported information was described as a circular object capable of changing color and
for which no size was indicated.

The user added that this was visible for more than a minute flying always
to the south of two witnesses and finally testified that (sic): "Flash that I had not
seen through one of my windows, then I focused it with my iPhone and noted
User/a description:
It was a rounded figure with an inner concentric circle that moved away and closer, then it started to shift on another axis and changed color. I want to emphasize that I wasn't adjusting the zoom, the object was moving closer and farther, to verify that, look at the tree branch in the bottom right corner. I attach a link to a drive with longer videos:
                 https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1xVa0qXY84rXLuxvzHLjrDaQ4VLNukMz
"W"
The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 35° 57' 48" S,
72°19' 02" W and 149 m.s.n.m. Based on what is visible in the images, it was determined
that the visual was approximately 190°.
Investigación: INVESTIGATION
Figure 1
All audiovisual material of the case was examined both visually and in terms of
It was digitally analyzed using different forensic methods. Thus, its integrity was confirmed and the temporal and photographic parameters of their captures were obtained.

Considering that what was recorded and photographed was registered between 05:01:45 and 05:18:51 hours without showing any movement, an astronomical analysis was initiated using the IMG_0551.HEIC photograph, taken at 05:05:27 hours. Figure 2 shows it alongside four stars and the studied object indicated with a white arrow.

                                     Figure 2
The following Figure 3 presents the situation of the astronomical horizon with the
same elements.

The white arrow points towards the star αTuc (Alpha Tucanae). It is a
a binary or double star located in the circumpolar constellation of Tucana or The Toucan, which can be seen with the naked eye from the southern hemisphere adjacent to the Small Magellanic Cloud. It is a spectroscopic binary.
that means the two stars are not identifiable using a telescope,
Until measurements of changes in the primary's spectrum were taken. The orbital period of this binary system is approximately 11.5 years.

Figure 3

In addition to using the HEIC (High Efficiency Image Container) format, which stores images of higher quality than the "jpeg" format, the quality of the phone's lenses and graphics processors, along with camera parameters, indicate that with the maximum aperture (f 1.5), there was
Compensation in the exposure of +2.05; which explains that stars not directly perceived would be visible and that the brightest one would be very bright.

                                      Figure 4

                                      The αTuc star corresponds to the central and brightest object in the image received in the IMG-0555.HEIC file
                                      (Figure 4).
The user characterized it as a light that increases and decreases in size without zooming.

In photographic terms, this is consistent with the effort the phone's camera system made by slightly adjusting the distances.
They focused their lenses on a very small and low-contrast point, so what was perceived as brightness increase and decrease was associated with "moving away and closer."

According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of geographical, forensic, photographic, and astronomical studies, it was concluded that what was captured in the images was the main star of the constellation El Tucán and the
Conclusion: Interpreted as abnormal was of optical and technological origin, a result of
              the effort the team made to focus on a very distant, small, and low-contrast
              element, which caused optical aberrations as the equipment's capabilities were
              exceeded.
