{"canonical": false, "document_id": "doc-89ad4ab67e56f016c5e2a81d", "language": "en", "schema": "ufo-files-portuguese-search-text/v1", "translation_review_status": "needs-review"}

===== PAGE 1 [page-648fa6becb2244d0bb6af10f] =====
--- seg-9b81cdce7c99793310fdc353 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                     HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-9d79938d76ebcf398f63d2b1 [machine-unreviewed] ---
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
           OFFICE OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRY AND PARLIAMENTARY EDITORIAL
              3rd ORDINARY LEGISLATIVE SESSION OF THE 57th LEGISLATURE
                  COMMITTEE ON PARTICIPATORY LEGISLATION
             (SPECIAL PUBLIC HEARING (HALF-IN-PERSON))
                                           On September 16, 2025
                                                 (Tuesday)
                                              At 9:30 a.m.
--- seg-4d3a2c75462b59015570d298 [needs-review] ---
THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Good morning to everyone. Thank you for your presence. I also thank those who watch us online. Every human encounter must make us grow humanely. Therefore, I have the strong hope, almost certainty,
that we will emerge humanely enhanced from this public hearing of the Participatory Legislation Commission, in which
citizens participate. The purpose of this Committee is of the utmost importance in the House. It is less disputed, unlike almost all the others. Why
that? Because here we do not deal with large enterprises, large businesses, large societal regulatory issues,
from the economic, financial, and even social perspectives, per se. But the social is the sense, it is the core, it is the soul and life of this Commission. Therefore, absolutely all the requests that come to us are examined and accepted. That's how it should be done. I emphasize that this Commission, together with the Consumer Defense Commission, is intended to discuss the connection between ufology, the use of the Access to Information Law, and its potential impacts on society's information and the maintenance of national sovereignty. I emphasize that this hearing is in accordance with the approval of Request No. 66, of 2025, which I authored. I would like to reiterate our thanks to the members of this committee, their advisors, the guests, the invited women and all those who are watching us. This event is being broadcast on the Internet. The video is accessible through the Legislative Commission on Participatory Legislation page on the Chamber of Deputies website and the Chamber's YouTube channel. There's something we often forget: without the support of the Chamber, without the staff of the House, nor the plenary sessions would exist. Therefore, my thanks. I just saw that they prepared the whole structure, the names and such. I whispered to you at my ear that you are beasts — very much appreciated. It is important to emphasize that, from the Commission's page, citizens can participate in interactive online debates at all CLP events by sending questions, which will be submitted to the Panel for the guests' comments at the end of the event. Before we move on to the next part, I want to invite to take seats the members who will compose the Table. I invite Mr. Thiago Luiz Ticchetti, Editor of the magazine Ufo — welcome; come over here, don't be shy —; the Sir. Vitório
Pacaccini Tavares Paes, Consultant of the UFO magazine; Mr. Marco Antonio Petit de Castro, my fellow countryman, President of the
Brazilian Commission of UFOlogists — CBU — and Mr. Fernando de Aragão Ramalho, Vice President of the Brazilian Commission of UFOlogists.
--- seg-ddab9fa052809a1d1b90e280 [not-required] ---
1 / 20

===== PAGE 2 [page-f98201aecf841a347e583bce] =====
--- seg-fb75bd4b1e5b542b45c5afde [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                         Minute Notes - Committees                 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-79db8f4f973b1d7a37f46cbf [needs-review] ---
Welcome everyone! I already accept a valid criticism: only men are at the table. THE MR. THIAGO LUIZ TICCHETTI - We have a female representative from the Brazilian Commission of UFOlogists who has come
from Rio de Janeiro to attend this hearing. Her name is Lallá Barretto. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Mrs. Lallá Barretto is also a member of the Brazilian Commission of
Ufologists. Welcome! Your Excellency will have priority to speak, if you wish, during the debate portion. Before I pass the mic to you, I'd like to make a few quick points. It's curious: throughout my life, and this is my fifth term as a Federal Deputy, we have held many public hearings, and there have been many initiatives on environmental issues, climate education, just to mention this legislature, which is a little over halfway through; we have discussed indigenous territorial rights, fake news, a series of extremely important initiatives, given the themes you see; but, despite the interesting themes of various other initiatives, none has resonated as much in the press, in a positive sense, applauding the initiative. They even said that almost no one has the courage to hold this public hearing — it was discussed. I assume there's no armed person there who wants to kill the Chairman of the Commission. (Laughter.)
I've faced situations in life, I'm a survivor of the dictatorship. At age 16, I got into trouble as a student at Pedro II for participating in a protest march. No courage is needed. Now, it is necessary to face, with rationality, the questions. There are those — and I respect them greatly — who were surprised, who thought I should be dealing with more important matters: "Imagine spending public money!" No guest is here at the expense of the Participatory Legislation Commission. Those from Rio de Janeiro
came on their own accord. Nevertheless, they made those criticisms. And we embrace them, understand, respond. It's impressive; all this shows, at a minimum, a great curiosity about the topic. Sometimes the strangeness is even
the result of some kind of interest. This morning, clearly, I was very shaken by two things that have nothing to do with the topic of this hearing, at least not directly. One was the assassination of the retired police commissioner of São Paulo, who was the Secretary of Administration of the Municipality of Praia Grande and had led the fight against the PCC since the early 2000s. He was ambushed and killed in an absurd, abominable, tragic manner. Now, what shocked me even more was to hear a statement from him saying that he had no protection at all, that he lived alone in Praia Grande, that he had no official support. It is unacceptable that a person who was obviously being sworn at, threatened with death, and in danger receives no protection. Result:
less than 70 years old, in the prime of his life, he was eliminated in this terrible manner.
--- seg-8d328ab20141cf13d9e596b4 [needs-review] ---
In memory of Delegate Ruy Ferraz, we offer our respects and dedicate this hearing to him. Another news item that also struck me violently was the report of the terrestrial advance of the forces of the current Government of Israel into Gaza, to finally eliminate that territory, a process that the UN considered yesterday as genocidal. It is clear that
this is important, it is clear that it is part of the concerns and parliamentary activity. Finally, here directly, I heard news, and this made me a little happy, that the so-called amnesty, after the historic decision of the Supreme Court, is tangled, because it doesn't even have text, perhaps it won't fit into the Order of the Day. I want very much for all things here, everything, to be debated, discussed transparently. That's inherent to democracy. Here, this morning, we will discuss, debate transparently. To say I haven't just talked about problems or flowers, I want, even provoking the Table, to read the criticisms I've embraced, from the thousand comments that came about this. Although the focus of the hearing was not necessarily a debate between ufology and those who consider it a delusion or a waste of time—there are those, you know—there is no questioning position, the panel is very uniform. It's true, this could have been discussed when we started organizing
this public hearing, but first, I'm going to read two critiques here, so that you can respond. It would be a kind of
provocation. And nothing prevents us, in other meetings, in other audiences, from calling those who have great zeal for science and who do not consider themselves included at this Table. The criticisms are as follows. (Pause.)
I can't find the ones I mentioned. It's a lot of paper. If they were on screen, one click would solve it. (Pause.)
The staff is coming, to supply the ignorance of the advised. / 2 / 20

===== PAGE 3 [page-0a33bab523f7fc6f6ad4e772] =====
--- seg-7de2b9cd2d8d757e7458fd34 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                         Minute Notes - Committees                 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-3e3e0697f03ae11a84d632b0 [machine-unreviewed] ---
Even without advisors, President Putin or Trump would make even more mistakes.

Vitor Andrade, a philosopher and science popularizer, is very critical of me and the President: "All members of this Committee, except Wagner Vital" — he's not here —, "have conspiratorial public statements without scientific evidence. What security policy do you really think will come out of this? Are we going to start investing in security and hunting extraterrestrials? I'm sorry, but it's all planned to turn into a big circus."
--- seg-2b2a37e0301e48646437925a [needs-review] ---
Throughout this meeting, we will show that — with all due respect to the circus activity, which I do genuinely love — in the Chamber of Deputies and this public hearing, things are not all planned to turn into a circus. Another scientific disseminator, Sérgio Sacani, attacked this audience and stated that "the country hates science, and enjoys it." I already disagree with that, too. "Instead of holding a public hearing to discuss the construction of a meteorological satellite"
— good idea, Sacani, thank you, let's consider the suggestion in the Participative Legislation Committee —, "of a GPS system or how to efficiently manage rare earths (...)". Very timely, Sacani! Congressman Glauber Braga,
who is also a member of this Committee, will be with us at a hearing regarding Brazil's mineral wealth and the threats to it. He even has a bill to preserve them definitively, stating that these riches are great resources we have. That, indeed, reveals the defense of true national sovereignty. We're going to talk about UFOs."
Does he know exactly what a UFO is? You should know. It's not just a flying saucer, no. "I honestly don't know what
to say anymore." Well, then it's over, there's nothing more to say. "God have mercy on this Country!" I had a breakthrough. I saw Eduardo Cunha, then President of the Chamber, use exactly this expression during the impeachment session of President Dilma Rousseff. We will not use the name of God in vain. I am certain, in my personal and particular belief, that God is present in all activities we undertake with good faith and public spirit in this House. I refer to all the gods of all beliefs. We defend a secular state, which is the only one that ensures the plurality of beliefs. Well, let's get started then. I've said too much already. Public hearings are for parliamentarians to listen more. We need to take a course in "listening" more than in "oratory." And that's what's going to happen, but with time limitations, because there are a thousand activities here today. Let's go until noon. I'm going to be a little late. At 12:30, I have to go to a very important meeting of our parliamentary group to discuss the agenda for the week. Before concluding my participation here, I say that I have submitted information requests to government agencies. We could have invited someone from the Government to sit at this table, but of course, this public hearing is not the only one, it is not the last one. Until further notice, we will be alive for a little while longer, or for a long time, in the case of some here. I want to inform that the mandate has made three information requests regarding the registration and study of unidentified flying objects and their crew members: Requests Nos. 4.470, of 2009; 679, of 2011; and 3.515, of 2018. They
were partially responded by the Armed Forces, but they were responded. No one said it was delusion, or
irrelevant matter.
--- seg-0a0f2ddd84f614dbafa72411 [needs-review] ---
The responses confirmed the existence of some information about incidents involving alleged UFOs, as well as indicated the seriousness with which at least the Brazilian Air Force treats the subject. And it's not just Brazil, no, the air forces of many countries act the same way. We have today over 10,000 pages of documents and other types of information, in various formats, in batches collected, under the possession of the National Archive, in Brasília and Rio de Janeiro, sent by FAB. In many cases, the Ministry of Defense simply lists the documents, indicating origin,
date, subject, destination, and the classification level assigned — such documents can be classified as confidential, secret, or ultra-secret — as well as the duration of the secrecy. However, the explanation for why they were considered sensitive data is not provided. The text only records the decision to classify them and the deadlines for access restrictions. That is to take this matter seriously. And so we shall advance. These days, have you noticed how drones are determining even wars worldwide? A drone, many times, when not identified, can be classified as an unidentified flying object. So, this isn't just
about poetry. When I was a child, I loved a caipira (Brazilian folk) song that said:

"I hope it's true
That there really is a flying saucer
That it's a intelligent people
To bring us peace and love
If it's for the good of humanity."
--- seg-39d719e0b18cd0af2dd85c6b [not-required] ---
3 / 20

===== PAGE 4 [page-3537fc42049ee9a1c4620805] =====
--- seg-ca66abff2d708bafb893e1cc [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                     HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-0c9873aa9b38b30c40711692 [needs-review] ---
What happiness this intervention
           Here on Earth, we only think of war
           Killing the neighbor is our intention. Notice that there is a generosity in wanting solutions for humanity, so perplexed, so misguided, and so bellicose — not "belligerent," Governor Zema, see? And sometimes, it really does pinch. On the other hand, for the more sophisticated ones, the beloved Gal Costa sang about the unidentified object, a passion that is bound to
shine in the night in an interior city. So, the theme is part of the human universe, wonderful, sometimes perverse; luminous, sometimes dark. After making these extensive, sweeping considerations, which seem to be the opinion of Minister Fux, I will turn the floor to our guests. After all these records, I say that public hearings are for that very purpose: to stir up controversy, continue the debate, and seek a little light in this journey. I turn the floor over to Thiago Ticchetti, editor of Revista UFO, who has 10 minutes — the timer there will indicate the time. THE MR. Thiago Luiz Tichetti - Thank you, Deputy. In thanking you, I also thank the presence of the other Parliamentarians and also the guests.
--- seg-57c92d4aea41b1b6af92a8f9 [needs-review] ---
Firstly, Deputy, I would like to pass into your hands the UFO Magazine, which is the oldest and most renowned publication in the world about UFO phenomena. For over 30 years, she has been seeking answers about this phenomenon, and we are approaching Issue #300. It was a creation of the late Gevaerd, who has already left us. We are
approaching Issue 300 and we have always spoken about this crucial topic. Proceeding with my speech, I move on to the presentation. (Following is a display of images.)
I will focus on the public hearings being held in the United States, as it is the country that, apparently, is most concerned with this phenomenon. And when we talk about the UFO phenomenon in the United States, we're not saying they're simply looking for little green men or flying saucers. The issue is more serious than that. These are investments that the US Government, US Parliamentarians, are not aware of, being carried out by the military in search of answers about unidentified flying objects (UFOs) that they claim are not a threat to national security. So, we have three important points to highlight, which are: access to information, both here in Brazil and in the United States; the fact that these objects are in our skies, and we have no idea how they come and go; and also the budget, a secret fund, a black budget used for this research, about which even Parliamentarians, who should know this topic, are not being informed. My name is Thiago Luiz Ticchetti, I am an editor at Revista UFO, and I also serve as the International Relations Director of the Brazilian Commission of Ufologists — CBU and the National Director of Mufon in Brazil. Additionally, I am a delegate in Brazil for the International Coalition for Extraterrestrial Research — Icer and the Informative Channel of Extraterrestrial and Space Sources/Phenomena — Cife. Since 2022, following the leak and publication of three videos in The New York Times and The Washington Post, major American newspapers, American lawmakers have begun to pressure the government and military for an explanation of what these objects are. So, since 2002, Congress has been holding public hearings on
UAPs, which would be unidentified aerial phenomena—UFOs/OVNs—the official term now being used
by the Pentagon. At the first hearing, held on May 17, 2022, in the House Intelligence Subcommittee, this video, from the U.S. Department of Defense, was presented, and neither the Pentagon nor the department had an explanation for what this object was. Here, Deputy, when we talk about UFOs, people need to understand that a UFO does not necessarily mean an extraterrestrial object, because if it is determined to be so, it ceases to be a UFO. So, it could be anything that we don't know today, but that we might know in the future. The witnesses at this hearing were Scott Bray, who was the Deputy Director of Naval Intelligence, and Ronald Montrie, who was the Deputy Director of Intelligence. He presented this video of a spherical object with a reflective surface that flew over the cabin of a F-18, one of the most advanced U.S. combat planes. That object had no wings, no
--- seg-167e361eed577f24ade99de9 [not-required] ---
4 / 20

===== PAGE 5 [page-90cea8ee500719660b21914c] =====
--- seg-8ffa054a43f1d1687507d889 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                         Minute Notes - Committees                    HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-2a3ac1fc77bfc808bb398bab [machine-unreviewed] ---
turbines, and there was no one inside it. It was something totally unknown, and they didn't know the answer. This was the
first formal public hearing in over 50 years regarding the topic of UFOs.
--- seg-011560a6034271efcdf61454 [needs-review] ---
The second hearing took place on July 26, 2023, in the House Oversight Committee, where former military personnel and individuals reported having experienced encounters with Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs).

David Grusch, a former Intelligence Officer, claimed there is a secret program in the United States to recover non-human, non-terrestrial UFOs. He stated that the US collects these objects and attempts reverse engineering—disassembling and reassembling—to learn their construction methods. David Grusch also affirmed that non-human biological entities were found in these recoveries.

I remember that in every hearing in the United States convened by a committee of the US Congress, people raise their hands and swear to tell the truth, nothing but the truth. If they lie, they can be accused of perjury. So, this is serious business.

If he makes such a claim, he must indicate the location where individuals, where lawmakers, can access this information. This is rarely done face-to-face. They reserve a room, and he will name individuals and also the location where this material can be found.

Another participant in the hearing was David Fravor, a former Navy Commander who filmed an object known as "Tic Tac," a cylindrical object shaped like a Tic Tac candy. He captured footage, and there is a famous image of him shouting, indeed, celebrating with another pilot: "What was that? We don't know what that is." This video is famous worldwide.

Ryan Graves, another Navy pilot, reported frequently witnessing anomalous phenomena while flying over the Atlantic Ocean.

There is a coincidence that you will see later.

On September 9, last week, we had the third public hearing in the United States, which also summoned active-duty military personnel.

Jeffrey Nuccetelli, a veteran, stated that multiple incidents occurred between 2003 and 2005 near the Vandenberg Space Force Base during missile launches. These objects were over sensitive US areas. They pulsed and moved in strange ways, and the incidents were documented.

Dylan Borland, also a veteran of the Air Force, in 2012 at Langley Air Base, witnessed a triangular object approximately 30 meters long, silent, interfering with electronic devices. He claimed he faced internal retaliation for discussing the case.

We also had Alexandro Wiggins, a US Navy Officer, who in 2023 while serving aboard the USS Jackson, observed bright "Tic Tac" type objects emerging from the ocean and joining together with three others. This simple quartet disappeared. It was recorded by US radars.

At the same hearing, a video was made available showing an American MQ-9 drone, a Reaper, firing a Hellfire missile at an object over the sea near Yemen's coast in October 2024. The object appears to have been hit by this missile, which penetrates layers of earth and easily pierces any type of armor. The object seems to have been hit by this missile, but it suffered no damage except for the detachment of three small fragments that continue to follow it. I will only play a portion of the video.
--- seg-6253f4917f8213ed1ddffe93 [needs-review] ---
(Video display.)
You can see the missile hits the object, and it continues its trajectory after releasing three fragments. The film
is totally 1 minute and a half long, more or less. I'm playing it in slow motion. The object is struck and continues flying, and the
fragments that come loose continue following the object. Following this footage, the object continues advancing over the sea. So far, the Pentagon has no explanation for this video. Could it be out there in front? It may be, but so far it is a legitimate unidentified flying object or UAP. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Was that last year? THE MR. THIAGO LUIZ TICCHETTI - That was last year and it was disclosed last week. If you visit the website managed by Aaro, which is the department linked to the Pentagon that investigates these things, you will see various videos that this department explains and others that remain there, without a clear explanation. I bring other unexplained videos from the Pentagon.

(Note: The date "5 / 20" is preserved as is, assuming it refers to a date format like MM / DD.)

===== PAGE 6 [page-58533b5a0a05dd5fb7b46023] =====
--- seg-5c9445e2c480e4b6bf16a43c [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                    HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-0d4fdb4b976b991a1ec5e802 [needs-review] ---
(Video display.)
This one was made in Yemen. You can see, in the lower corner, a sphere passing by. This video was taken by a drone. See that the sphere is still down there. No one has been able to explain it so far. This happened in 2022. This is the famous video of the Navy pilot — it's the "Tic Tac" he filmed. That is inside his plane, that was the screen
he was watching. An object was moving in a strange way. It had no wings, no turbine, nothing. As I told you, this is a timeline showing the dates of appearances of these objects, large or small, in sensitive military areas in the United States and around the world. In 1967, in Malmstrom, United States, an object deactivated nuclear missile silos. He simply deactivated the silos one by one. In 1980, in Rendlesham Forest, a UFO descended at the base. Military personnel observed the object, and one of them even touched it. Then, it disappeared. We had the "Tic Tac" case in 2004, as I've already mentioned. In 2010, several objects
accelerated at right angles and disappeared from radars, in conflict or security zones. Gimbal and Go Fast were seen in 2015, and in 2023, USS Jackson. The pattern of reports points to areas of nuclear and military security, radar and weapon system interference, and maneuvers beyond known technology by us. Today, we have several countries with initiatives and investigations focused on the topic, mainly the United States, which
has the All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (Aaro), which receives complaints, videos, and pilot reports and analyzes everything. We had in England the Condign Project, from 1997 to 2000, and we believe they maintain a secret investigation program today. China uses military intelligence and AI technology to track the rise in sightings of these objects worldwide, particularly on its territory. In Japan, a group of Parliamentarians advocates for the creation of bodies similar to the U.S. Aaro. The concern is enormous. In 2022, we had a commemorative hearing in the Senate for the 75th anniversary of World Ufology Day, at the initiative of Senator Girão. It was the late Gilbert who organized this for us. We also discuss ufology. We brought
the captain who was at Malmstrom; it was he who was inside the office where everything happened.
--- seg-e5dbcb25bb7a5350c97e6325 [needs-review] ---
Conclusion. Ufo research should go hand in hand with the Freedom of Information Act. The right to information
is constitutional and ensures transparency, science, and democracy. Denying access to data about UFOs, UAPs, is denying citizenship, and society has the right to know the truth. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Thank you, Thiago. Subsequently, I will call Victor Pacaccini. Did I say right? THE MR. VITÓRIO PACACCINI TAVARES PAES - Yes. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Welcome. THE MR. VITÓRIO PACACCINI TAVARES PAES - Very grateful. Gentlemen, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to Deputy Chico Alencar, on my behalf, on behalf of all Brazilian ufology and the Brazilian people, for being here. I am Vitório Pacaccini, as Deputy Chico Alencar correctly pronounced. I have Italian origins, I'm from Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais. Part of my childhood was spent in the land of King Pelé, the athlete of the century — Três Corações — which is located next to Varginha, just 25 kilometers away. For those who don't know Varginha, let me introduce, it's a mini São Paulo,
it's a developed city, affectionately known as the "Princess of Southern Minas", a city with a very high human development index and that was the stage of the greatest case in the history of Brazilian and world ufology, alongside the Roswell Case, which took place in the United States in 1947. But Varginha, in various aspects — its logistics, civilian and military testimonies, times and movements — has already even surpassed the Roswell Case. I would tell you, after more than 18 years of field expeditions, in a large UFO research group from Belo Horizonte, the Civil Investigation Center for Unidentified Aerial Objects - Cicoani, as soon as I became aware, through the media, of the events in Varginha, I traveled there, where my mother, Rosa Pacaccini, still lived in the city, and set up an operational base. As soon as I arrived there, I looked for my childhood friends, because
Three Hearts has a gigantic battalion of infantry warfare, called the School of Arms Sergeants — ESA. So, gentlemen, I come here with an open chest. I wasn't afraid of anything in 1996; I'm not afraid of anything in full 2025. That's why I'm here in the presence of Congressman Chico Alencar, and our colleagues in Brazilian ufology. I would like to record that Brazilian ufology is the largest ufology in the world.
--- seg-56409dea3f18a240338c40b4 [not-required] ---
6 / 20

===== PAGE 7 [page-724c649e44740a9f7a606332] =====
--- seg-c15d428a684bd2ddfea59826 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                     HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-e9835fc2a626361c643a51bf [needs-review] ---
Upon arriving in Três Corações, I asked for help from my childhood friends. I was educated in Três Corações. Many of my friends at school, when I was very young, had parents in the military — the School of Arms Sergeants, ESA, a great school that trains the best sergeants throughout Latin America — and their parents influenced them to become military later. And it was through my childhood friends, who were educated alongside me, that I gained access to a set of information that allowed us to unravel much of the occurrences in Varginha.
--- seg-bb37e6b2344b239c22d8c6c1 [needs-review] ---
I am here to assure you that what happened in Varginha is unprecedented and has become a national controversy mainly due to the misinformation that the military, as a tactic, promoted to create ridicule and discreditate all the research. They failed, strictly they failed. The Brazilian ufology community emerged victorious because we discovered that under no circumstances were the creatures spotted in Varginha, initially by Kátia, Liliane, and Valquíria, strange, peculiar monkeys from unknown caves. The Federal University of Minas Gerais, in Belo Horizonte, has already mapped the State of Minas Gerais in its caves. There is no cave in Varginha. If it existed, the citizens of Vargas would know about it. That creature that was there was not a different dog, a different cat, because the Armed Forces would not undertake an entire military operation to leave the city of Três Corações acting discreetly, enter the city of Varginha without notifying the Mayor, the Vice-Mayor, the City Council, and the secretaries. They mobilized an entire national security operation. It wasn't to capture a different dog or a different cat. They knew that the creatures present there
were extraterrestrial beings and thus acted in silence: they closed streets, prevented civilians from accessing, moved military trucks and fire department vehicles, captured those creatures. People thought it was a creature or a Varginha alien, because that's how it was named by the media. Today, we have absolute certainty that we can identify the time, the operations, who participated, who commanded, at least five of these creatures that were captured at different times and removed from the city of Varginha in an extremely secretive manner, with the support of military forces, the Military Police, and the Fire Department. I wanted to tell you that the intimidation was extremely serious. We stopped counting the death threats over the phone. Even
we stopped answering the phone — not just me. Here at the table is my brother, partner, Marco Antonio Petit, the world's greatest ufologist, who was there at the time providing his support along with Claudeir Covo, Professor. Irene Granchi and a fantastic team of colleagues: the Bondini brothers and Boaventura. Currently, we have the support of Fernanda Pires, who is in Canada. A group of ufologists came together around the research and conducted a IPM — Military Police Inquiry. I was summoned, Mr. Representative, and I gave a 4-hour deposition, under intense pressure, because they not only wanted to know
how I had obtained so much information from the military, but they also wanted to identify my informants. They never laid a hand on any of my informants. I protect them to this day, along with Brazilian ufology. Thiago Ticchetti,
editor of the UFO magazine, knows the whole story, knows the context fully. In addition, they wanted to attribute a criminal offense to me. They wanted to deprive me of my freedom, as if, by chance, doing UFO research were against the Brazilian Constitution.
--- seg-1b784550593542e939189778 [needs-review] ---
There was an entire process of intimidation that didn't work. They took absolutely nothing, in the end, to make a false accusation, claiming that the Varginha creature... Because, initially, Mr. The deputy said it was a couple of very ugly and deformed dwarves, and that the woman was pregnant. The Chief of Communications for the military base had the audacity to come forward and say that. I am here to attest to you, not only I, but also Brazilian ufology and the people of Varginha: they have never seen this couple of dwarfs in Varginha. Therefore, it is a lie. (Inaudible intervention outside the microphone.)
No, they didn't cite. They cited another context, which I will describe in the following. Since the story of the couple of dwarves didn't stick, didn't work out, in the end of IPM, to say that we are all, finally,
inventors, we don't know anything, we're crazy, they invented that they were "Mudinho," a normal citizen, who
had only a slight mental retardation, couldn't articulate words very well. This was the conclusion of
the military inquiry — they claimed the creature was "Mudinho". So, pay attention: "Mudinho" has a multiplicative effect: it was "Mudinho" who was piloting the ship that passed in front of the small farm of the couple Eurico and Oralina; "Mudinho" stayed at the site, in the Jardim Andere neighborhood, where the three girls saw him; "Mudinho" was captured by police officer Marco Eli Chereze, from the Military Police of Varginha.
--- seg-8589d62ec65c11f739e13aa4 [not-required] ---
7 / 20

===== PAGE 8 [page-05a2da395f8e26fcd2b04cc3] =====
--- seg-a3e9f5427738820293a847b4 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                         Minute Notes - Committees                 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-4423ace5581b0ee45edcbcf9 [needs-review] ---
he passed away; "Mudinho" was the one who was admitted to the Regional Hospital; he who was admitted to the Humanitas Hospital; and it was he who... (D.) Terezinha Clepf saw inside the zoo. Finally, they created the IPM to ultimately bring this farce. We came forward, we denounce everything. I am here publicly alleging, I was never the "Little One." His image was altered using CorelDRAW, an image-working software, to make it as similar as possible to a creature completely different from human standards. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - The question is paradoxical: was "Mudinho" heard in this IPM? THE MR. VITÓRIO PACACCINI TAVARES PAES - No, under no circumstances. They altered the image and claimed:
"It's Little Mud," with this multiplier effect. So I would say: secrecy was implemented. It is not our place to try to explain why military forces, not only in Brazil but around the world, hide the existence of extraterrestrial beings. Probably, because they are using reverse engineering,
when they are able to make contact with these ships and these creatures, to absorb propulsion technology, space navigation, communication, metallurgy, and also to avoid panic in the population, probably for philosophical and religious reasons. I conclude by saying to you with absolute certainty: what happened in Varginha is the greatest case in the history of ufology in Brazil and the world. And I would like to say that all the intimidation they tried, and also to silence Brazilian ufology, did not work. Living under the shadow of fear is not an option for anyone. I conclude by paraphrasing the world's leading ufology editor, A. J. Gevaerd: "Stay calm, my friend, you're not alone." (Applause.)
--- seg-dc60229b4c6c9c08cea186ac [needs-review] ---
THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Thank you, Vitório. Subsequently, the word is Mr. Marco Antonio Petit de Castro, great expert in many things. THE MR. MARCO ANTONIO PETIT DE CASTRO - Congressman Chico Alencar, I presented him with my book on
Varginha. Pacaccini has just released the second edition of his book. We have been together since the beginning in this fight. We denounce all the cover-up related to Varginha, as well through this book, which was written with the help of the noble Deputy. By the way, it was through his actions that we were able to gain access to the content of this military police inquiry. The book ended up being protocolled by the CBU, through our great friend and brother Fernando Ramalho, at the Ministry of Defence, as a complaint against the Brazilian Army. He should have responded to the allegations, but he hasn't until today. This
is just a detail to add to the Varginha case. I have been publicly involved in ufology since 1979. This is properly documented. I consider that the most important thing in my life, since the beginning, is to be aware that we cannot play at ufology. The thing
is really serious. In regard to the criticisms that the honorable Deputy brought to public light, I consider them of extreme importance. Why? Because
it is through criticism that we can demonstrate our knowledge and true information. As an example—by chance, I brought this document that I hand over to the Deputy—we were presented as conspirators, as if we weren't serious, but I received an invitation for me to be a speaker to guide the students, pay close attention, from the Aerospace Specialists School. And that's one of the conspirators! Another thing, I've prepared some quotes that I consider fundamental to expose within this time. As everyone here has already said, the situation is extremely grave, which is why this hearing is so important. It is not extremely serious because the planet is at risk or because there is a possibility of an attack on national territory. No, it's not that. It is extremely serious due to what has been covered up, not only in Brazil but also abroad. I have been fortunate — this is also a response to those I consider important to make just the criticisms — and I consider myself privileged to have had the respect and credibility of some of the top national military authorities involved with the UFO issue. I will only mention a few
that I had the chance to interview, interact with, and gather information from. Moreover, all the military personnel I will mention
have given me permission to publish the information they
shared with me, which is not part of any declassified documents as of now, in my books and in the UFO Magazine. Therefore, the situation is grave. I will cite some of these authorities with whom I have interacted, directly linked to the UFO issue: Colonel Uyrangê Hollanda, Commander of Operation Prato, who revealed to me and Gevaerd impressive things about the presence of UFOs in the Amazon; Brigadier José Carlos Pereira, who told us textually: "The issue is not only serious..."
--- seg-33039fe93d8693ced51ba81d [needs-review] ---
And one thing is surprising. In Brazil, unlike in the United States, as Thiago mentioned, the Air Force does not shoot at UFOs because we do not know how they might react. So, Deputy, you and everyone else...

===== PAGE 9 [page-831031ebc3abd0dde0a071cf] =====
--- seg-ea6855eccb588595ffa7722d [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                     HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-08f6850ee09cc548955170a1 [needs-review] ---
that are watching us live here and also through the Internet realize how there are great implications behind all this story. Another high-ranking military official in the field of ufology passed me information, an admiral. I made contact with the navy of my city, our state of Rio de Janeiro. I refer to Admiral Giovanni Gargiulo, who also confirmed that the Navy has an enormous dossier of documents that, officially, even with the Freedom of Information Act, have not been made accessible. There are others of them. I came into contact with one of the conspiracy theorists, who are not serious, in this setting. I had contact
with two State Ministers to discuss ufology, Brigadier Octávio Júlio Moreira Lima and Sócrates Monteiro. Moreira Lima, for example, due to the universe's conspiracy to allow access to important things, as we often say, I was able to interview, along with journalist Rejane Schumann. I wonder why he didn't release
the promised report from May 1986, when 21 UFOs were tracked on the Cindacta screens, for example. I and
this journalist in Rio, followed him, and surprisingly, one of the reasons he gave us for not releasing the report 30
days after promising, in his own words, which I remember perfectly, as they are also published in the UFO Magazine, was
that "authorities have to be careful not to release news that could lead to panic." That
was said by Minister Moreira Lima. He also didn't imagine anything on the level of Independence Day or anything like that, but he claimed people wouldn't be ready for it. And this hearing, convened by you, is of fundamental importance for the initiation of this process, and from now on,
the Congress can minimize this type of effect, which will ultimately happen with the knowledge of the truth. I also had contacts with generals and colonels. At my inn, in the region of Serra da Beleza, an area incredibly rich in UFO sightings, where I moved to investigate them, I once received Moreira Lima—I'm talking about Valença, districts Conservatória and Santa Isabel do Rio Preto. There, once, after the interview with the Minister, what happened? I had the chance to receive a heartfelt request from the Minister himself asking me to host him at my inn. Imagine! Of course, I ended up giving up my own suite since the inn was full. Who was present,
because of one of their birthdays? Eight colonels and the minister himself. He arrived before everyone and, at the edge of the pool,
he told me: "I'm going to open my heart to you." He already knew me. He told me, to begin with: "The technology involved in these appearances — take note — seems like magic to our eyes. It looks like magic in front of our eyes. He, who
accompanied the night of May 19 to 20, 1986, revealed that sometimes, according to him and other military personnel,
the speeds reached 15 times the speed of sound within the atmosphere, Mach 15.
--- seg-a606c4cba2ec41516e418e6a [needs-review] ---
Another thing: he reported to me cases, for which he also had no explanation — he told me: "I'm going to tell you,
and you can disclose it," and I disclosed it —, of several observations made by Brazilian Air Force military aircraft,
not only fighters, but military aircraft in general, that, during the period when he was Minister, were encountering, in broad daylight,
especially in the section between the location where we are today, the Central Plateau, and Rio de Janeiro, metallic objects with a diameter of more than 30 meters, approaching the military aircraft. Now, what
was the report that LAI has been able to obtain about this so far? None. Therefore, despite this enormous amount, the Air Force has been a great collaborator of ours, so far. And,
obviously, there is much more. Another thing: at Cindacta, I had another stroke of luck that the conspirators here didn't have. I have the honor of presiding over this CBU today. Ramalho is our man here in Congress, interacting with Deputies for a long time. Once again, I thank the friend for everything. We were there... THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Ramalho. THE MR. MARCO ANTONIO PETIT DE CASTRO - Fernando Ramalho. By official invitation, we were at Cindacta, where we were shown in detail the information pertaining to the official night UFO case. Another thing: I and Ramalho were at the Brazilian Aerospace Defense Command — Comdabra. We are the
survivors. Gevaerd was there with us, Claudeir Covo, among others, now sadly missed. The Brigadier—keep this name—Atheneu Azambuja, Commander of Comdabra, at that historic official meeting with members of CBU, at a certain point, when he looked back and saw a large screen that was reproducing what was appearing on the radars of the underground air defense control, where we had had the chance to reach, he loudly said to us: "It's not a weapon aimed at you, but you can see, looking back now, an UFO that is being detected by Cindacta and Comdabra passing right over Brasília."

===== PAGE 10 [page-7f557d407ba212b80c685c26] =====
--- seg-2c7422450f93c7d29289d182 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                         Minute Notes - Committees                 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-a2daae0150a968603f98d641 [needs-review] ---
So, I give this testimony today not only as the President of CBU or on my own behalf, but also as a witness
to these things—I'm almost done—and some joint statements from these military officials.
UFOs alternate between visible and radar conditions, meaning that in the cases I'm mentioning, these objects can be
seen visually and on radar at a given moment, and then suddenly disappear from both radar and visual observation. They
demonstrate this advanced capability to us.
Regarding speeds exceeding Mach 15, I've already spoken about it.
Another point: several high-ranking military officials, including ministers, have personally told me that UFOs have
repeatedly flown in formation with our military aircraft. This clearly indicates the presence of an intelligence
behind them.
I previously mentioned that UFOs are not shot at in Brazil unless ordered by the President, with consultation. And
why not shoot at them? Minister Sócrates Monteiro revealed the following: "We don't know how they might react if we
were to initiate an aggressive act." However, all these military officials assured me that, as of the time of these
conversations—I won't say today, but in the past—there is no record of the Air Force taking any truly hostile action
against what we call the UFO phenomenon within Brazilian airspace.
--- seg-92f14985c89c52432564b4e1 [needs-review] ---
Another thing: they assured us that UFOs have been performing demonstrations for our Air Force military since 1954, overflying military bases, just to give one example. I would like to make it clear at this moment that I have the book in your hands. But we do have, as Pacaccini and the others from CBU do, specifically speaking of the book about the Varginha case, the names of key authorities, including those not yet publicly cited but who are in the book, linked to the Varginha case. So, right now, if there's an opportunity or interest, I have a little list and can once again demonstrate that here, nobody plays at ufology. It's very easy to say that the Air Force covers up and the Army covers up, but
it's not so easy, as any one of us here does, to put at risk, yes, at risk, as Pacaccini was a living proof of
our own security when we mention prominent names from the past, within the Republic, from not only the
military area, but also the Federal Government area, involved — pay close attention that this directly
enters into the final proposal of this hearing — with the issue of national sovereignty. The people who participated, unfortunately, here in Brazil, in 1996, in the delivery of, practically, everything related to the Varginha case to the United States of America. We have the names of these people to mention, and if there is an opportunity, I am ready to do so. I thank you from the bottom of my heart, Congressman, and the attention of each one of you here present and also those who follow us through our social media. (Applause.)
MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Thank you, Petit. The last participant at the Table, Mr. [last name redacted] has the floor. Fernando de Aragão Ramalho. THE MR. FERNANDO DE ARAGÃO RAMALHO - Good morning everyone. I would like to extend a special thank you to Deputy Chico Alencar, who provided us with this opportunity. And it's not a new thing, but for a long time, since 2009, we have been in contact with the Deputy to help us in this difficult task of bringing information to the public, and as our esteemed President Petit said, to prepare society for this type of information. Now, the LAI, which we must address in our presentation, is the legal means we have today, even voted by this House here. We closely followed the development and entry into force of the LAI because
we had been trying to open this document since 2004. Before delving specifically into the use of the LAI and our difficulties, I would like to provide a brief history of how the CBU was created and how the subject of ufology is treated within this House. In fact, the criticisms that were made against the Deputy, when he proposed this hearing, are unjustified, because this House has always paid attention to the issue. I've been working at this
House since 1995—it'll be 30 years at the end of the year—and to give you an idea, we were UFOlogists before I even joined here. I've always followed this.
--- seg-1d5fe7c895f2e1edc23ed004 [needs-review] ---
With the help of the Documentation and Information Center of the Chamber of Deputies, we managed to obtain some documents. We obtained a 1975 presentation. To give you an idea, in 1975, ufology was already being dealt with here. The Cedi provided us with fifteen pages of a presentation. Before 1975, there was already a request for information, from Deputy Sérgio Magalhães, dating back to 1958. It wasn't here in Brasília yet, but the topic was already ufology, specifically about the case of Trindade Island. These are photographs of the request from Deputy Magalhães. This
request was answered by the Navy, which explained what was happening, what occurred in the case of Trindade Island.
10 / 20

===== PAGE 11 [page-db5c727b5feb277bfd6f136c] =====
--- seg-8536a746146790358bd1740d [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                         Minute Notes - Committees                HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-5127715b261315ce1a732e62 [needs-review] ---
These documents remained classified until the entry into force of the LAI. Thanks to the Deputy, we already had access to this document before, but this only came to light after we invoked the LAI. This slide shows exactly the documents obtained here in Congress, by the Cedi, already in Brasília, through General Uchôa and Deputy Brígido Tinoco, who was President of the Science and Technology Commission at the time. We managed to bring Dr. Joseph Allen Hinek, who, for the laymen who don't know who he is, was a highly respected government scientist. Indeed, he described the types of contacts that would be made with these UFOs: first contact, second contact, and third contact. He was a highly respected individual, a professor at Northwestern University, and gave a presentation in the Ulysses Guimarães Chamber, which did not yet bear that name in 1975. After that exposure,
he addressed the Science and Technology Committee and presented the Condon team's work, which ultimately resulted
in the Blue Book Project, a book published by the U.S. government to discredit the UFO phenomenon. See that,
at that time, this cover-up was fundamental to be treated, within the Parliament, in this House, in a very serious manner,
with the participation of a scientist from the United States. In 1975, Dr. Hynek said clearly — we won't read
all of it, for lack of time — that the ridicule era of UFOs was over. It doesn't make sense for people to criticize the Deputy for such an initiative, saying that this is nonsense in the Chamber, because it was already being treated as a serious matter in 1975. He further stated: "A scientific group seriously interested in discovering what UFOs really are and studying them should be established here in Brazil." This was an initial light for the
creation of CBU, because it is not composed only of ufologists who are sky observers, but also of scientists,
psychologists, doctors, physics technicians, engineers, and several other professionals. The CBU is composed of serious people. We don't play around, as Petit said, with ufology.
--- seg-6702561a82096cc848060e58 [needs-review] ---
Once again, Hynek criticizes the United States for publicly presenting such negative conclusions, not based on scientific research, but only on political considerations. That's when you start to see the problem of national sovereignty. For political interests, the United States imposed a long period of secrecy on Brazilian ufology. After 12 years of this Hynek presentation, we put the studies into practice at the 1st World UFO Forum, at the Legion of Good Will, where seventy ufologists, 35 international and 35 Brazilian, people from all over the world, from several countries, were present. There, the Brasília Letter was delivered, which was the first document requesting the release of UFO information. At that time—marked in red—we highlighted, primarily, Operation Plate and
the Official Night of UFOs, which our colleagues have already discussed extensively and we will not go into details. At that time,
the Varginha case had not yet been reported, which only entered later. The Brasília Letter was delivered to then Senator José Roberto Arruda, representing Lieutenant-Brigadeiro Lélio Viana Lobo, who was the Minister of Aeronautics at the time, addressed to President Fernando Henrique Cardoso.
--- seg-851277b991e161b7c4d44fa8 [needs-review] ---
This letter received no response until 2004, when we decided to launch the campaign UFOs, Freedom of Information Now. The UFO magazine was launched by Ademar Gevaerd. And we, from CBU, along with Ademar, managed to be invited,
as Petit already mentioned, to a visit to Comdabra, where we even had access to the first documents we had requested in the Brasília Letter. We became witnesses to the existence of those documents because it was not fantasy; they were official documents created with the utmost military rigor. And we once again delivered a manifesto of ufology to Brigadier Telles Ribeiro, who was the head of the Social Communication Center of the Air Force. And within Comdabra, as Petit recounted, we went to Coda, where we had these documents in hand. In addition,
we observed a UFO on the big screen, that system that monitors the entire Brazil and the maritime area as well, composed of several
satellites, radars, and everything connected. We witnessed a UFO live. And we started to invoke the law. At that time, it was Law No. 11,111 of 2005. That visit was in 2005. That law was later revoked by Law No. 12,527 of 2011, but at that time, that was what we had. We filed the UFO Brazil Dossier with the Civil House of the Presidency of the Republic and several other federal government agencies. We were able, in 2013, to be received by the Ministry of Defense. That had never happened anywhere in the world. The CBU went to the Ministry of Defense and discussed the possibility of creating a working group involving military personnel from the three Armed Forces and the CBU. That working group did not move forward for political reasons, obviously. Shortly after 2013, we had the impeachment of President Dilma and the fall of Minister Celso Amorim, who was the
person who facilitated this meeting with military personnel from the three branches. From then on, the LAI was already in force, but we
couldn't achieve it due to several reasons. We have looked into these reasons several times and filed the Petit book with the Ministry of Defense. Even the Ministry of Defense requested three more copies, and we protocolled three more copies, with
this book that is a true denunciation. These copies were sent to the three Forces — Air Force, Navy, and Army — without any response. So, we were stuck in a kind of limbo, let's say, for almost 6, 8 years.
--- seg-d54e8a3d4f02b83fa008c816 [not-required] ---
11 / 20

===== PAGE 12 [page-b6ee9722a5624073923d42d1] =====
--- seg-7ff8521b83e3046c62863ed6 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                     HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-34930c030066103c9ba40c86 [needs-review] ---
At that time, seeking answers, I read Lucas Figueiredo's book, which outlines more or less the process, how this process of covering up military documents works. This is a cultural issue. The military structure is like that, it records everything. All the information my colleagues provided has been recorded, there is documentation of it, it is preserved, because this type of secret information is imprescriptible, it cannot be destroyed. They hide, lie, and remain silent constantly.
--- seg-48953afbf5b39247271f9e10 [needs-review] ---
Therefore, there was no sense, in this first hearing, Deputy, in bringing military personnel here to hear this. First,
we need to set out what is happening, explicitly and publicly state it so they can provide information within the scope of the law,
because we have been requesting this for a long time, since the law came into effect.
We access Gov.br, which is the platform where each person has their own record. Today, everyone files their income tax through
Gov.br, everyone has this right, and the LAI (Law on Access to Information) facilitates this. We access Cidic — the Document Indexing Code
that contains Classified Information — and search for this information, but we cannot find it, there is no way to find it using the LAI,
understand, Deputy? This is our problem.
We need to address this issue using, of course, the Commission, the power the Commission has to enforce this, because these
documents need to be made public. The LAI itself mandates that these documents be placed in a hall of declassified or classified
documents. It's like looking for a needle in a haystack, because it's an enormous code.
We have some examples here of our attempts. It's an enormous code, and there's no way to say: "Look, if this is classified, what
information does it contain on UFO matters?" There's no way to identify this to request the document through the LAI. It's very
specific. The LAI can be good today, for example, when you already know the subject. Then, if you activate the LAI: "Look, the
subject is this, I'm interested in this and that, and this is the information I want." The LAI provides that information.
But old documents, especially those from before the Constitution, we have no access to. For example, we have the films from
Operation Prato. Indeed, Thiago has already accessed frames from this film, it's at least 15 minutes of footage. Where is it?
We've already requested it from the Air Force, the process reached the Controladoria-Geral da União, but it stopped there.
The official, who said they don't have this information, has public faith. So, it's there in the LAI, but it stopped there and there's
no further recourse.
This is a difficulty that the CBU faces. Unfortunately, we once again have to appeal to our beloved Deputy Chico Alencar,
our ufological deputy. Thank God we have a deputy open to this subject, who makes it public, makes the Chamber fulfill its role,
which is to bring this serious matter to debate. Here, we didn't go into details due to time constraints, but this is very serious and
has a religious and political impact. There was interference from the United States in the case, violating our sovereignty,
because they took the debris of the fallen object to Varginha. This had to have generated documentation. We tried, Deputy,
even with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, to obtain documents attesting to the departure of these objects, of the creatures.
There are none, there's no way to access this via LAI.
Therefore, our denunciation is on record. We are making this denunciation and once again — I don't know how we're going to do
this — requesting access, at least up to the Presidency of the Republic, because the order has to come from the top down.
We requested assistance from the Office of the President, from the Civil House, as we did with the UFO Brazil Dossier, and
we gained access. As the Deputy said, there are over 10,000 documents at the National Archives. As the late Gevaerd would say,
it's all just window dressing. There's much more serious stuff hidden by the military power. I don't know by whose order,
but the people have a right to access this.
--- seg-b9a7d3dd481277922f9ebaf9 [needs-review] ---
(Applause.)
MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Thank you, Fernando. Fernando, generously, said that I am the UFO deputy. I'm ignorant on these topics, but I do have
a lot of curiosity. I draw inspiration from a Greek philosopher who said: "Nothing human is strange to me," and the extra-human as well. What are religions but the pursuit of mysteries that will always be out there? Mystery. My field of knowledge is history, philosophy, politics, of course, which, surprisingly, is also a science, even though some dismiss it, engaging in low political maneuvering instead of political science, catering to class interests, but that's another story. Norberto Bobbio, who was not a Marxist, was a great Italian philosopher who said that democracy is the regime of transparency and there should be no secrets in it. You bring in your speeches a lot of essential demands that every human being with a democratic spirit should embrace, for transparency and information. I want to know, yes, what lies at the bottom of the sea, which is the greater part of the planet.
--- seg-bf737f4dc84acddb2f3a8207 [not-required] ---
12 / 20

===== PAGE 13 [page-080143802b958bf37310ee50] =====
--- seg-5230ca5c6044b8ec4de728df [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                    HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-2f27b8823df618b8f0f56316 [needs-review] ---
Earth; I want to know, yes, where the supposed remains or debris of some unidentified object that was captured have gone; I do want us to have an opening to discuss all the issues that put us in this position. I return to the Greeks. By the way, I don't know if it was Veríssimo or Mário Quintana, but one of these good Gauchos said that there is nothing we say that hasn't already been said by the Greeks a long time ago.
--- seg-07914f1a984ec83f70d4ad13 [needs-review] ---
Curiosity is the mother of intelligence. This public hearing is about human intelligence, inquiry, and progress in our own self-knowledge. What we want is to improve the lives of human beings, have more harmony, identification, and peace. I have, as I mentioned at the beginning, an appointment at noon. I'll be a little late, but just a little. We have thirty minutes... (Inaudible interference outside the microphone.)
Yes, of course. But there is an order. I promised Lallá Barretto... What is your name? (Inaudible intervention outside the microphone.)
Victor. Let me note it down. Are you Victor, whom I referred to at the beginning? (Pause.) And Carlos. It's impressive, this isn't very common, as of 10:20 a.m. there were no less than eighteen inquiries that the excellent
staff of the Commission selected by topic. You won't be able to answer where there are questions. There are many
very interesting high-level questions, there are no low-level provocative questions. Let's go. Maria Luiza Barretto has the floor for two minutes. (Pause.)
MRS. MARIA LUIZA BARRETTO - Hello, Congressman. It is a great pleasure to be in this hearing with our colleagues from the CBU. I want to quickly recontextualize the relevance of this hearing in relation to science. It's as if ufology weren't science. Why isn't it science? Because ufology is a human position before a multifaceted knowledge. This is a unique object in science. Another unique aspect of ufology for Earth science is that we are observed by intelligences that possess knowledge far superior to our own. That's one thing. Today — for at least 10 years now —
we are already living in a new paradigm of science. Quantum physics is already explaining the behavior of UFOs that are observed, this is already being explained by our science. Therefore, it is no longer an object of knowledge
coming from imagination. Another thing is that humanity on Earth is already a cosmic civilization. Humanity has already explored the entire solar system,
it is exploring Mars, probably discovering life outside of Earth. Our Deputy, who is a historian and philosopher,
knows the importance of the discovery of life outside of Earth, even if it's a bacterium. We have two probes that are already
outside the solar system.
--- seg-e9dabdd76afc433b2d42d928 [needs-review] ---
In this way, everything that placed ufology as a non-science is crumbling. I myself have a work inserted
in the Institute of Philosophy and Social Sciences in Rio de Janeiro about anthropology in relation to this phenomenon. So,
I am producing knowledge and science, like many colleagues in Brazil, around the world, and even in our own
Commission.
So, that is what I wanted to say, to refocus this issue, because ufology is not just observation. Observation is an
important part, but we have to extract knowledge from what we observe—and that is the new era of science, the new era
of humanity that is being renewed today.
Requesting documents from the Brazilian Armed Forces is of great importance to us. Why? Because of the excellence
of the Armed Forces, their ability to gather evidence, reflect on it, but they should not hide it from us, because we are
studying it too.
This issue is very broad, and I hope I have made myself understood.
Thank you very much, Deputy. (Applause.)
MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Bloco/PSOL - RJ) - Thank you, Lallá.
MR. VICTOR RATTES - President, Victor.
--- seg-46f1c838b2af68aab978e4e0 [not-required] ---
13 / 20

===== PAGE 14 [page-00c23b1e9ec1199cb46774ed] =====
--- seg-f34b3b3f380b37b709ae9ef1 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                         Minute Notes - Committees                HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-d3ee78776a9d0946e2b85fe7 [needs-review] ---
THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Is Victor who I referred to? You must have been confused. You are not Vítor Andrade, whose organization has a representative here. The word, despite the scarcity of time, is at your disposal — whether you want to or not — to share the video you said you'd like. Everything's open here. Here, democracy and good education prevail. What is your last name? THE MR. VICTOR RATTES - Rattes. Look, Congressman Chico, I'd like to thank you for the space, and I'd also like to express regret for what's happening here today. I am using this aluminum hat to represent the spirit of the audience, but I should be wearing a clown hat, because we are in a serious country, facing serious problems, with the INSS CPMI (Special Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry) in progress, and apparently the priority of this Commission is to debate ET Bilu. Our country lags behind South Korea, where there is no investment in research, where science is hated, where true science
has no prominence, where technological development is demonized, and where there is no cooperation between
companies and universities. I find it regrettable that the priority of a commission is a circus-like spectacle such as this, where they debate the ET Bilu and Varginha. What will they do in a little while? A public hearing to investigate the Hulk? It is regrettable. The PSOL, for example, sees no problem with the MST invasion, but apparently the big problem is the impending alien invasion. It is regrettable what is happening in this House. I would like to register my disapproval of this hearing and this farce that is taking place here today. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Thank you, Victor. Democratic right. You said that this Commission only dedicates itself to this theme. You certainly don't know how many public hearings this Participatory Legislation Commission has held on topics like agrarian reform, under the control of rural workers, and that you might not like, or even think it's ridiculous, but that's your right.
--- seg-2fe856554db47af5c6296503 [needs-review] ---
I want to apologize to the guests because he turned to adjectivization, to disqualifying a conversation
that some may not like, may find unreal. But there is a dedication on our part, as I mentioned at the beginning — I don't know if you were present at the opening — to central issues of everyday life, such as the massacre in Gaza, the war in Ukraine, Brazilian social inequalities, and the attempt at a new coup with an amnesty bill whose text no one has seen yet in Congress. That falls within our concerns. THE MR. VICTOR RATTES - I would like to request the right of reply, President. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - No, there are other registered here. You already had your time and finished speaking before 2 minutes. Now it's our turn, Carlos, please. (Pause.)
I apologize for the offense he subtly made, even with his attire, to mock, but everything is alright. Everyone dress as they wish, of course. You can't come here naked, because that's an insult to modesty. Now, in
abundance, there are attacks on ethics and decorum in Congress. (Pause.)
I'll come back to the topic quickly, for 2 minutes, so Thiago can explain what ufology is. Some may not understand this. THE MR. THIAGO LUIZ TICCHETTI - Unfortunately, Victor mixed the wheat with the chaff. If he knew a little about ufology, he would see that we are against that ET Bilu. Victor, it's much more than a partisan and political debate, because everyone has their political stance, we are
dealing with freedom of information and a citizen's right, something you should be fighting for, something you
should be advocating. (Inaudible intervention outside the microphone.)
No, we are here discussing a topic, and any topic can be raised in the Legislative Commission on Participatory Legislation. We went after it and managed to get a Deputy to support us. That's all it was. Don't say that everyone here is a clown, that this is a circus. There are no clowns here. These are people who investigate,
devote their lives and family time to serious research. So, when you speak, speak in a different way, in
a polite manner. Don't put everyone in the same potato sack, no. Is that okay?

===== PAGE 15 [page-3fa075a8c5e4bf6adc35b782] =====
--- seg-649e1556ccdc65b81bd29771 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                         Minute Notes - Committees                HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-03533cbc21312fd831e6859d [needs-review] ---
MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Let's go, Carlos.

(Unintelligible intervention from off-microphone.)

This isn't the Chamber's plenary session. You were cited by name... You made an offensive adjectivization, with all the time you could, and he, who was accused of being a clown, just as I was - but I'm not worried about that - responded.

Let's go. I'll give you a minute for your rebuttal, Victor, with the immense patience I've learned to have with some figures from the far-right politics.

MR. VICTOR RATTES - It's incredible how defending science has become a far-right issue now, isn't it? It's very good that you don't defend Bilu the ET. Now, are there really proofs of the Varginha ET? Is there any serious study that indicates the existence of the Varginha ET? Is it a priority for this Committee to debate the Varginha ET?

We're behind South Korea in patents. It's no use showing me your little book. It looks like Bolsonaro showing chloroquine, and Deputy Chico is being complicit with this. This is absurd. What's happening in this Committee is impressive.

Apparently, defending science, defending facts, defending data, has become far-right now. I want us to conduct a serious study with countries like South Korea, and not this absurdity happening here today.

MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Thank you, Victor.

You know that today's world, besides unidentified objects and anomalous phenomena, also has the likes cuts. All of this is being filmed for him to shine. He has every right to do that and he made good use of the space for the great - open quotes - "circus" we've put on here.

But let's continue.

Carlos has the floor, please.
--- seg-c4d9b9caee6783eadd8befb0 [needs-review] ---
MR. CARLOS ODONE DA COSTA NUNES - Thank you very much.
Good morning everyone.
I am grateful for the initiative of Deputy Chico Alencar in providing ufologists with the opportunity to discuss a
so serious and grave topic, as has been brought up here on several occasions. Therefore, it is an honor for me to
participate in this public hearing as the Secretary of the Brazilian Commission of Ufologists - CBU.
Ufology is a topic of extreme importance, and I would say, of a very special significance, as it concerns all of us,
the terrestrial humanity.
I take this opportunity - I believe it is extremely timely - to speak about two very important aspects: rights and
duties.
Backed by the LAI, we have the right to know about everything that is happening, about the truth of the occurrences
that marked UFO phenomenon manifestations in our country. I am referring to the events in Varginha and the cases
related to Operation Plate in the Northern region of Brazil, especially regarding what was and continues to be hidden.
This cover-up demands an opening without restrictions.
The CBU, established in 1996, has already reached almost 3 decades of relentless struggle in search of
answers, in search of the truth about all the events that have occurred in this country. The Brazilian Commission of
Ufologists has not spared efforts during this entire period of almost 30 years, performing an unwavering work until
reaching this historic public hearing situation.
Therefore, Mr. Deputy, it is time for the Brazilian society to unite to make the uncovering a wake-up call for
consciousness, so that it represents that we are, with much awareness, taking knowledge that we are visited,
accompanied, monitored. With all this, the old slogan that everyone here knows applies: They are among us.
--- seg-4640e245068e32173873b959 [needs-review] ---
I repeat: we have the right to know. And regarding duty, the CBU, the Brazilian Commission of Ufologists, fulfills its duty of clarifying Brazilian society — and this has always been the case throughout this entire period — about all the facts that have been hidden, covered up, regarding events in this Country, through an unwavering campaign, as it were. This hearing is a giant step towards the truth coming to light. To conclude, I say that there is now also a duty on the Armed Forces, particularly the Army and the Air Force,
to open the files, because we all here have the right to know everything about everything that happened.
--- seg-d9a2043000c03833a26fbcef [not-required] ---
15 / 20

===== PAGE 16 [page-857ab5879f8273a49f7de452] =====
--- seg-7a10f4a47d8a841a380f958d [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                         Minute Notes - Committees                 HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-5652623340b58b6188f8c65e [needs-review] ---
I thank you for your perseverance, dedication, commitment, and initiative in providing us with this historic public hearing. Congratulations to you, for being engaged in our campaign. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause.)
MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - We are at the end of our hearing. It is customary to give each member of the Board 2 minutes to speak. Please, I request a synthesis effort. (Unintelligible interference outside the microphone.)
No. THE MR. ROBERTO SAMPEDRO - First of all, I want to thank you. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - What is your name? THE MR. ROBERTO SAMPEDRO - My name is Roberto Sampedro. I am a founding member of Laasu — Latin American Academy of Scientific Ufology, Dr. Julio Acosta-Navarro. Our main goal is to elevate ufology from a mere speculation activity to an academic field of study. Our mission is clear: demystify and investigate. We seek, through a scientific and rigorous approach, to collect and analyze, share data and evidence related to the UAP-UFO phenomenon. I would also like to mention that we are an association with a CNPJ focused on ufology. We have four scientific papers published in international journals. For your analysis, if you want, I brought them here. So, I make it clear that Brazilian ufology is growing and reaching international scope, together with the partnership of SCU. Thiago Ticchetti is also part of this group, which is one of the largest international ufology groups, in other words, we also have the scientific aspect of ufology. Here is the translation:

Here is the proof: the published scientific papers. Thank you all for the opportunity. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Thank you. That is important. Please, if you can, I ask that you give us the document. I want to apologize to those who sent in questions—many, interesting ones—including about the scientific nature of ufology, whether it exists; whether it doesn't, in part, flirt with mystical theses, without any scientific backing. There are also commendations, questioning statements, from this same Parliamentarian: why is the Civil House or the CGU (General Control of the Union) never summoned for a ufology hearing? Perhaps because we started with an assumption, maybe even a prejudice, that they wouldn't accept. I have personal relations with the Minister of Defense — indeed, he was once a Deputy — and I will
forward many issues from here to him.
--- seg-86626b4d4d87055b43929788 [needs-review] ---
I would like to express my sincere thanks to Jackson Camargo, Paulo Henrique Baraky Werner, Arthur Paredes, Maria Valdete Leite, Jerbialdo Silva, Leandro Antonio dos Santos, João Marcelo Marques, Gener Silva, Jean Carlos Quintas Vieira, Robert de Souza, Eduardo Rodrigues de Oliveira, Yasser Flavio Rabello, Daniel Coimbra, João Batista Trigo, João Marcelo Marques, Carlos Augusto Alba, Rogério Ribeiro da Silva, and Claudio Aparecido for their interactions. I very much appreciate all your
very interesting questions, which would deserve a hearing, a 4-hour or 5-hour dialogue. Critiques or affirmations about ufology question this type of theme — interested, because they are asking — or praise it. I will pass the questions to the entities here represented, so that they will send us the answer later. Our mandate is available to serve as a channel for this dialogue. We are not here to defend thesis A, B, or C as absolute truth, because absolute truth and dogma belong to the religious sphere. I have mine, thank God. Now,
in the field of science, debate, controversy, dialectic, doubt is what drives humanity. By the way, I don't know if you've seen a very well-made film called Conclave. There's a candidate for Pope — I rooted for him, indeed, in the movie, in the fiction —
who comes to a disturbing conclusion that, in short, God is doubt itself, God is the great question of the universe. He was not elected. By the way, a surprising one entered. Well, I'm not going to give away the spoiler. Finally, I will give one minute each to every member of the Board, thanking everyone, including Victor, who dismissed
this hearing. But he has every right, too. Because no. We are here. You know you have all the space. It is now Mr. [Name]'s turn to speak. Vitório Pacaccini Tavares Paes. THE MR. VITÓRIO PACACCINI TAVARES PAES - Gentlemen, I am very grateful to all of you, on my behalf.
                                                                                                                     20/16

===== PAGE 17 [page-27647a103e665d665f0b8173] =====
--- seg-0c5a9dd9f69fb0b454609a1e [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                    HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-02d0495e49d025d8439be332 [needs-review] ---
Member of Congress, on behalf of Brazilian ufology, I am here to assure you that there is documentation, yes, of
the Varginha incident. These creatures passed through the Varginha Regional Hospital, were transferred to the Humanitas Hospital, and were removed from the city of Varginha in a military operation of national security under absolute secrecy. There are videos. There are photographs. It's clear that the military has possession of this material. It's been almost 30 years that we've been waiting. So far, not only Brazilian ufology, but the Brazilian people as a whole and the world's population are paying attention to gain access to these information. That access is going to happen, the time has already passed.
--- seg-1fcb5fad97ba074233d74b06 [needs-review] ---
I affirm that there is documentation, photos, and videos of extraterrestrial beings who were located, captured, and removed from the city of Varginha. We will have access to them.

Thank God, we had the opportunity to be part of this public hearing. This is a first step. Much is yet to come.

I am very grateful.

MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Mr. Thiago Luiz Ticchetti, the floor is yours.

MR. THIAGO LUIZ TICCHETTI - First of all, Mr. Deputy, I thank you for the opportunity to be here in this Participatory Legislation Committee, where anyone can request participation.

I would like to remind you that the Brazilian Committee of Ufologists is composed of various professionals. Although our work is not always featured on social media, we conduct research and always operate within the law. We continually seek freedom of information. We know that there are still documents being kept secret. We want access to them, because we live in a democracy. Every citizen should indeed have access to this information.

We are witnessing a phenomenon occurring worldwide. Powerful countries are investigating this phenomenon, and Brazil cannot stay behind. In addition to this being a case of national defense, with objects entering and exiting our airspace without our ability to identify or stop them, this information is also being cataloged and kept by the Brazilian military.

We would also like to propose, if applicable, our participation in a civilian-military research group. We could assist in this investigation, even to provide a response to society about what is happening in our country and the world.

Once again, I repeat, everyone here who conducts ufological research does so out of love and also due to questions. We sacrifice time with our children, families, and friends in search of something we consider very important.

Once again, Mr. Deputy, thank you so much for this space and for receiving us here at the People's House.

MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Mr. Marco Antonio Petit de Castro, the floor is yours.

MR. MARCO ANTONIO PETIT DE CASTRO - Mr. Deputy, once again, I would like to express my sincere thanks for this opportunity, not only in my name but also on behalf of the Brazilian Committee of Ufologists, of which I have the honor of being the leader.

Of course, differing opinions should be respected, but I always keep in mind the following: there are no arguments against facts.

If the CBU, its current members and those who are no longer with us since its inception, have had—let me emphasize—the respect and consideration of the military commands of this Nation, inviting us to go to Cindacta, the aerospace defense command, and even to the Ministry of Defense to seriously discuss the ufological issue, this is undeniable proof that the work we do is not something that can be associated with anything trivial.

The very hearing that is being provided to us here today is further evidence of this perception of seriousness, not only from our group but also from many other ufologists, as we like to emphasize, even those who are not part of the so-called CBU. This kind of respect from you also makes clear that we are seeking to do something that makes sense, not only for the Brazilian population but also for the world.
--- seg-fcd092dabd9ad71b40d81a81 [machine-unreviewed] ---
I am ready to talk to all Members about other possible actions that could lead, in sequence,
to further clarification.
Thank you, once again, to you and to all.
--- seg-4d317ee5865c35d446a502d7 [not-required] ---
17 / 20

===== PAGE 18 [page-912360bf9a81f26335b58151] =====
--- seg-e2e8fe125b449037ea9742e3 [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                    HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-4b83262afffd8717d74dedb3 [needs-review] ---
MR. FERNANDO DE ARAGÃO RAMALHO - Deputy, I will step out of the line of thanks because
it is clear that without your support, we would have achieved nothing.
I would like to offer my assistance, Deputy, within what we have already accomplished, to bring action ideas to seek
these documents. For example, we have already reached the top of the Ministry of Defense. As I said, the idea of creating
a GT (Working Group) was proposed, as Thiago mentioned. This is fundamental. This GT would have the participation of
military, civilian, ufologists, and information sector personnel, as the information is sensitive, in order to investigate
what is there and reach a consensus on the information that can be, truly, released to society. This information
should not cause trauma in various aspects, such as religious. Thus, we would put an end to this type of criticism that
we are forced to listen to. We constantly hear this.
Deputy, for you, who are part of the government's base, to have an idea, all the documents we have obtained so far
were through the government line we have today: either under the Lula or Dilma governments. Indeed, our meeting
at the Ministry of Defense was facilitated by Ambassador Celso Amorim, who was the Defense Minister at the time.
He had his secretary, Dr. Ari Matos Cardoso, receive us and put us face-to-face with military personnel from the
three Armed Forces. We opened everything we are discussing here, without any response. The working group did not
move forward.
So, we can only turn to this democratic House, the House of the People, where this issue should be discussed to be
taken to the top of the Executive Power.
I ask for your help, if you have any contact or legal way to reach the Civil House—even Ambassador Celso Amorim is
the President's Secretary—to once again try, top-down, to request not only the films of Operation Prato—we know
that this was generated; if it's not here in Brazil, where is it?—but also the documents related to the Varginha case
issues, as our colleague Pacaccini mentioned, which are very serious. He faced threats but knows the truth. Where
are these documents? Where did they end up? Where is our sovereignty over this?
This is an appeal we make to you, Deputy.
--- seg-dd323fef9f7e83673e9e2049 [needs-review] ---
We put at your disposal the knowledge of the CBU to help in any legal, political, or other way. We need to have this knowledge to prepare society for, who knows, a future contact. The songs say that. Caetano already said this: "An Indian will descend." And we need to be prepared for that. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Unfazed and unwavering, like Bruce Lee. (Laughter.)
Let's change things up a bit, alter the norm, because we've been trying for a long time to reproduce a video, but
it was having technical difficulties, and it's only arrived now. So, I ask for the patience of everyone, including the Table. It will be two and a half minutes. Is that it? Douglas Rodrigues Aguiar de Oliveira, Chief Editor of Rationalist Universe, also representing the Brazilian Association of Evidence-Based Psychology - ABPBE and the Evidence-Based Public Policy Coalition group, was attempting to send this video message. There was a technical problem. But, in the name of democracy... I'm being scalped at my bench at this hour, but I leave it to someone at the Table to give some response, if appropriate, because his opinion is quite critical of the Table — I don't know, but I'm assuming it is. Let's go! He has two minutes to speak. THE MR. DOUGLAS RODRIGUES AGUIAR DE OLIVEIRA - Hello everyone! My name is Douglas Rodrigues Aguiar de Oliveira. I am a cybersecurity expert and a forensic computer examiner. I have been involved in scientific dissemination for over 10 years, primarily in the field of astrobiology, which
is the science that seeks to analyze the possibility of life existing outside Earth, with the help of radio astronomy, microbiology, or related fields. Ufology is a pseudoscience — and that is what is being debated here, in this public hearing — because it has no object of study, it does not use the scientific method, and the works that ufologists claim to produce are not even published in peer-reviewed journals, in reputable scientific journals. The work they claim to be developing is published in alternative media, on journalistic websites, without any kind of scientific quality criterion that one would expect from robust work. They are not based on evidence. The documents they typically base themselves on rely on accounts from individuals or witnesses who have observed an event that is not necessarily related to any kind of extraterrestrial activity. In fact, these reports do not serve as evidence for an extraterrestrial phenomenon, if it even exists.
--- seg-4ad54c650f1f6e78a769a8a3 [not-required] ---
18 / 20

===== PAGE 19 [page-35199bf157e732062dbdef09] =====
--- seg-1629c2afff57196e54848fea [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                          Minutes - Committees                    HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-227c9467358a0b23cb0aebed [needs-review] ---
Therefore, a multidisciplinary science was created and developed, with an astrobiology approach, precisely to investigate the possibility of such life existing and developing elsewhere.

And what is being presented here, basically, are pure conspiracy theories, claims that cannot be verified, narratives that have no scientific backing. For example, regarding the Varginha case, there is no physical evidence of any kind of connection with extraterrestrial beings.
--- seg-ea7f2b9e3a125917e920d688 [needs-review] ---
Operation Plate has alternative explanations based in psychology, mainly collective hysteria. The luminous phenomena are viewed as, for example, atmospheric phenomena. There is also the entire context of military activity at the time, due to the Cold War. So, many absurd cases are treated as genuine cases in the UFO context, but they are not analyzed with the proper care. If scientific evidence, scientific data, and researchers in the field who actually deal with astronomical and atmospheric sciences were considered, these cases wouldn't gain so much media attention, because there isn't much extraordinary to present in this context. I would love to see scientists here, people who actually deal with this subject seriously, without fantasy elements, without conspiracy theories, precisely to try to contribute to the debate in the best possible way. Thank you all. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - Thank you, Douglas. It is clear that the Table requested the right to respond and will have it. Then, we will definitely close it. I yield the floor for one minute to any member of the Table who wishes to speak, earnestly requesting them to keep within the time limit. Victor, let's go! THE MR. VITÓRIO PACACCINI TAVARES PAES - Gentlemen, I regret hearing someone so unprepared, who does not
know field UFO research. We rely on established sciences. So, sitting in a chair, looking at books, and formulating scientific theories is very easy for a lazy person, for someone who doesn't move a finger to go into the field, listen to witnesses, bring a magnetometer or a Geiger counter, perform topographical analysis, atmospheric analysis, and soil residue analysis, and listen to witnesses. Ufo research relies on established sciences. I regret this unfortunate testimony. Space is the final frontier. THE MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - I thank Vittorio, who showed his Italian verve. (Applause.)
But I also thank Douglas, who brought up some good points of contention here. Now Thiago has the floor for 1 minute. THE MR. THIAGO LUIZ TICCHETTI - The debate is always important. They said there was no scientific research, but it's here. It was published in international newspapers and scientific magazines. It's just a matter of having knowledge and seeking that knowledge. As Pacaccini said, sitting in front of the computer does nothing to help. A UFO field research takes you to have all the other sciences with you — chemistry, physics, mathematics, astronomy. We do what needs to be done in a serious UFO research. So, all the ufologists who are here and the vast majority of serious Brazilian ufologists
do indeed use scientific methodology in their research. If we do not yet have physical evidence of extraterrestrials or a spacecraft, it is not for lack of searching and investigation. (Applause.)
MR. MARCO ANTONIO PETIT DE CASTRO - Deputy, what amazes me is that testimonies with this exact
content, I have been hearing for 40 years. It's as if science itself hasn't evolved, that science which is so often touted. For example, I work daily for 4 hours, 5 hours at certain addresses of the American space agency, NASA,
and the thing I encounter most often is the reference "extraterrestrial life." So, nowadays, to think that ufology doesn't have,
justly, something positive to draw from its own scientific field...
--- seg-84342c973db14729ce962831 [not-required] ---
19 / 20

===== PAGE 20 [page-93b96ebb7e4d1244870077d8] =====
--- seg-f9f6627818b298cbd4051b2f [needs-review] ---
Meeting of: 09/16/2025                        Minutes - Committees                     HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
--- seg-7dbe563faaa655659772aa24 [needs-review] ---
Who, in our country, is better equipped to record these phenomena than the person who gave testimony and treated it as if it were entirely outside the realm of credibility? It's our military, and they are the ones who have been generating this type of documentation. I ask, Deputy: why didn't Lieutenant-Brigadier Moreira Lima seek out—note that this is not against science, as I defend it—some scientist to speak about what he told me? Why did Sócrates Monteiro never do that? Because, often, very serious people from the scientific field find themselves unable to take a position in favor of what we advocate, precisely because of this completely absurd type of thinking after so many years of evidence recorded worldwide. I am not a supporter of any type of American politics nor will I defend any of them, but I think it's important to point out that all the recent Presidents of the United States have included ufology in their platforms—that "If elected..." story. That one is not a serious country either, because it handles it from its Presidents. Could these Presidents also have no idea what is science and what is not? Science certainly is not what was presented or argued here. (Applause.)
MR. FERNANDO DE ARAGÃO RAMALHO - Just to conclude, since our colleagues have already said everything, I would suggest to that person to go to the National Archives. Here is the translation of the text from Brazilian Portuguese to English:

Here is the report that Lieutenant-Brigadier Júlio Moreira Lima was supposed to release. A CBU managed to obtain access to the document, which does not mention "extraterrestrial" but states that it is intelligent and not our technology or American technology. That put on a show for the FAB jets. It was traveling at Mach 15. What kind of
technology is this? Where does it come from? The very brigadier who signs the report says: "This is not ours. It may not be
crewed, but it's intelligent. Our friend, who is an astronomer, could at least suggest where it comes from. Obviously, we are open to discussion. But where does that come from? It is a topic of study in ufology. If this isn't science, what is it? Ask the military, go to the National Archives, study ufology. Don't just criticize, like the guy who came here and talked a lot of nonsense without knowledge. That is bias and exists within the Academy. Let it be perfectly clear: discussing ufology within academia is taboo. Thank God, some universities already have
PhD programs in the field — people are talking about the topic. A person who brings up such a conversation is totally out of touch. That's pure prejudice. (Applause.)
MR. PRESIDENT (Chico Alencar. Block/PSOL - RJ) - I thank everyone again, including those who participated indirectly, regardless of their opinions. I'm also from the Academy. I came to see Doctor a bit out of the ordinary — a citizen not senile, not old, but already old. I have a great appreciation for science, but I think the explanation of the world does not end there. I am not dogmatic.
--- seg-f1d3501c312d02037e7f5380 [needs-review] ---
Having nothing further to discuss, I will conclude this meeting, first calling the Members of this Participatory Legislation Committee to a deliberative meeting tomorrow, Wednesday, September 17, at 2 p.m. in Chamber 3 of the Chamber of Deputies.
The meeting is adjourned.
Thank you very much. (Applause.)
--- seg-cda320f058ccaa67efb47e11 [not-required] ---
20 / 20
