{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-07-26 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286164","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117225","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2806,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/164/mufon-5286164.json","updb_database_id":5286164}
Trio Craft

During the summer of 1991, I had a sleepover at my friend's place and we were playing/bouncing on his trampoline after sunset. As the stars came out after dusk, we decided to lie down on the trampoline to enjoy the stars. After about 15 mins or so, we both saw a larger craft with two smaller crafts fly at an incredible speed fly past us, directly overhead, from a southeastern direction to the northwest. 

The smaller craft were positioned slightly behind the main craft and, together, they formed something of a triangle. They were discreet objects and not a singular object. All objects were glowing a very bright white color and they had identical glowing patterns that I would describe as concentric circles that one might see in a fighter jet afterburner. However, the patterns were glowing more brightly than the already bright base. All objects were perfectly circular in shape. They made no audible sound as it passed by. 

The three crafts moved in perfect unison and were surrounded by a glowing haze that was dimmer than the main objects, and formed a tail that narrowed further out behind the objects (shaped like a "V"). 

Upon seeing this, my friend and I looked at each other and exclaimed, "Did you see that?" Although I was only 13 years old at that time, I had enough sense to know that we may infuence each other's recall of what we had witnessed, so I suggested that we don't speak about it while we watched the stars and for us to draw what we had witnessed, separately, once we returned inside his house and compare "notes." 

We returned to his house after a short while and set out to draw what we had just witnessed. We drew the exact same thing. Although I do not have the original drawing (this event occurred 30 years ago this summer), I created a Photoshop composite depiction, which is truer to life than the original drawing. One thing to note is that the concentric circles I had drawn appear darker than they actually were. It was exceeding difficult to depict a dazzling white base with an indescribably brighter pattern of concentric circles.
