{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-03-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293164","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110150","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/164/mufon-5293164.json","updb_database_id":5293164}
Missing

Missing (account sent to Madeleine Tobias and copied here)
Van Courtland Park Event - 1990
1
Confidential
The Dark of Day
Edgardo Rivera M. Ed
This Saturday morning in 1990 began when a childhood peer and I decided to walk up to Van
Cortlandt Park to practice using our air pistols on benign targets like cans and bottles. It was a
very clear and bright sunny day that Bronx morning and it was before noon. We made our way
up Gun hill road only stopping at a bodega on the corner of Gun Hill Road and Decatur Ave.
When we arrived at the park, we entered the corner of the park just below the overhead MTA
train rails. As we walked and talked, we noticed a dog behind a fence to our left. The dog was
behaving normally at this time. It looked at us, and went about the business of being a dog. We
continued to walk and talk. We talked a lot about our music career plans and life as we
normally did. After about 15-20 minutes we were well inside the park and the street sounds
were becoming more distant. We never actually used our air guns for the purpose we intended,
we just talked and walked. Then we hear a dog in the distance. This dog sounded frantic. It
barked as if something was threatening it or as if it was attempting to warn. No more than 15-
seconds after we began to discuss what might be bothering the dog, everything stopped. The
leaves no longer swayed in the wind and all ambient sounds ceased. Distance street sounds,
auto movements, and nature-sounds in our atmosphere altogether stopped. In a flash of time,
we then found ourselves in a deeper part of the park running away from something that was
approaching us from behind. It was no longer daytime, it was dark. We did not behave as if we
were just moved from day to night and relocated within the park without understanding why.
We were just running at this point. My peer continued to run towards a lit walkway bathed in
orange street lights, I stopped and turned around. Since we just popped up in this situation, we
had no idea why we were running or what we were running from, but I heard footsteps behind
me that sounded like they belonged to a small person as decerned by the quick sounds of the
steps. Then it stopped behind bushes. I could not see what it was, it would not step into the
light. While my peer pleaded with me to join him on the lit path, I taunted whatever it was to
come out. I was not scared. I was angry and on the defensive. I took shots into the dark area
behind the bushes with my air pistol and verbally taunted whatever it was to show itself. My
peer frantically attempted to get me out of there. Whatever it was refused to come out. This
angered me even more. However, I gave up, turned around, and joined my peer on the lit path.
Our main concern at that point was getting out of the park. Keep in mind that at this point we
are not discussing the strangeness of the event, we’re just reacting.
We began to walk away on the lit path looking for an exit out of the park. It was still night at
this time. We came upon an iron gate that was blocked by a large boulder. This boulder
appeared unusually large appearing to measure about 15’ wide and was at least three times as
tall as we were. As we approached the boulder, we began to question the unusual
characteristics of the boulder. Before we had the chance to answer each other, in another flash 
of time, we were now walking on the other side of the iron fence in another part of the park,
and it was now day time again and very sunny. Here is where it gets interesting. We did not
discuss the matter. We were both silent about the matter all the way home. We did not even
talk.
Upon arriving at my home on Gun Hill road at the time, we encountered my girlfriend who
seemed uptight about our decision to stay out overnight unannounced. It turns out that we
were missing for more than a day-24hrs. We set out for the park on Saturday morning and
arrived back at my house on Sunday afternoon.
A lot of problems stemmed from that situation as it appeared that we decided to fall off the
map for some time without notifying anyone. My girlfriend was upset because I could not offer
and explanation, and my peer’s mother was also upset that we were gone without telling her.
