{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-29 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513164","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6030,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/164/mufon-5513164.json","updb_database_id":5513164}
{cak} Ascending and Travelling Lights with Rumbling

When I first observed the UFO, I was lying in my bed. I sleep with the shades open, so it was easy to see out of my windows. Sleep was not coming to me, so I was watching the lights of passing cars. One light (entirely white in colour and twinkling like a star) I found to be particularly odd: It was not a typical car light or a light from the building across the way, which usually come off as a pale yellow. It stayed in place for a good long while, so I assumed a new light must have been installed (this, I believed, would explain why it was so vividly white but not why it was blinking). However, I kept looking back at it, waiting for something to happen, I suppose. As I kept looking, it started to move, which immediately drew my attention. I live on the 3rd floor of my building, which means it is nearly impossible for me to see any lights from a car, besides the beams they shoot out. What was odd is that it moved directly upward. No sound, no fanfare - just straight up at a leisurely pace. 

I lost track of it because both the trees and because of the roofs overhang above my windows.

Initially, I thought it was a star, but, upon thinking over it, I realized there was absolutely no way that a star would be 1.) that close to the ground or 2.) able to move upwards at will. (Also, stars are quite a bit larger... Its interesting what the brain tries to classify things as.) This little sphere was not threatening at all - I was curious; I wanted to go see it close-up, touch it if I could. I wanted to study it in detail, see what it was made of and see what I could find out about it. 

I put the event out of my mind and began to try to settle my mind down so that I could fall asleep. Several minutes elapsed (no more than 10, I believe), and I had turned over on my side so that I was facing away from the windows. All of a sudden, I heard a rumble that got closer and closer; soon it was so loud/strong that my windows vibrated. For some reason, I was uneasy and stayed, frozen in place, facing away from the window. However, a light illuminated the room, moving from one window to the other then out of sight, and I had the sense of something very large and solid moving outside my window. (Since I didn't see this, I don't know how credible it will be - perhaps it was my mind filling in blanks.) 

When the light disappeared, I shot out of bed to the window. I didn't see anything, which disappointed me, despite my initial fear of whatever went by the window. Fully awake, I sat back down on my bed, listening for the rumbling again. When I heard it again, it was coming from another direction, but I was able to press myself against my window to look out over the small forest that boarders the dorms. Above the trees, I was able to see a triangular object hovering with three, small, white lights at each of the corners. The shape reminded me of that of a Stealth Bomber, but it didn't have all the other lights a bomber (or any plane) has. The lights flashed at regular intervals. The one in the lower right-hand corner flashed with a red light as well. The object itself was dark - I don't know if it was actually black or if it was reflecting the night sky, but it appeared to be solid. Unfortunately, living in the city means there are few stars (if any) on a given night, so it was difficult to judge if it was blocking out stars or not.

For a moment, I considered getting my camera, which was across the room, but I was afraid of missing something, so I stayed rooted in place, watching.

A few seconds passed, and the light at the apex of the triangle disappeared - I got the impression that the UFO rolled somehow so that the light was hidden, but the point is that the top light disappeared or was shut off. After that happened, I watched as it made its way over the forest. At first it was leisurely, but very quickly it just disappeared. I think the best way to describe the exit was "I blinked and it was gone." (How clich1, I know, but thats how it happened.)

To be perfectly honest, I was just about moved to tears when this object left. Though I tried to dismiss it, I felt like I had seen something extraordinary - I guess it was a feeling like seeing an act of God performed before your eyes. It was AWESOME. I cannot put my awe into words, really. I want to see it again - I want to learn about whatever it is; this event really strengthened my thirst for knowledge.

The morning following the incident, I searched for videos of Stealth Bombers to see how they flew, how their lights looked, etc. and was able to remove them as a possible culprit because they did not fly the same, could not hover and did not have the same light patterns. I did go out into the street to see if there was anything out of the ordinary there from the sphere, but there wasnt. I did go out into the woods to the area I believed the triangle to be hovering over, but did not find anything. I observed nothing out of place with the horses at the stable across the road, either. 

*** 

The attached file is a short .gif I made of the triangular object to illustrate how the lights were, how far it was above the trees and such. I know it ends suddenly, but, as I didn't know how it left since it was so prompt, I couldnt illustrate it properly.
