{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-01 01:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503164","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55795","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/164/mufon-5503164.json","updb_database_id":5503164}
{rjl} Brightly colored disk

It all started when I had my friends over for a all-nighter nerf battle. We slept outside In tents. After the battle, we laid in the tent and went to sleep. Before that, we saw two parallel "stars,"the two brightest lights in the night sky. They moved up, then down, then up, then down again, and never appeared again. Then, we went to sleep. Around one AM, something woke me up. It wasn't a noise though. Usually secadas are buzzing like crazy, but now they stopped. I looked at my watch and it was one AM. It seemed liked 20 seconds, but it was hours that passed according to my watch. The craft was Orange, with three dark lights in the shape of a triangle, but the lights themselves were circular. Around the lights emitted a rainbow colored translucent light. It was bigger than almost anything I've ever seen. It was much higher than the tree tops, but lower than a plane. Then, it stopped hovering and moved north, stopped in midair and went south. In less than a second it hit the horizon and was gone. I don't know why I didn't immediately report it; maybe I was scared; I don't know. What I know is that I do want peace on the topic, clearance of mind. I also regret not writing down what I saw right away, but I remember it better than yesterday. I also woke one of my friends, and he saw it too. I said we should just go to sleep and discuss it in the morning. Neither of us mentioned it that night. The next day, I asked him what he saw, and he described it to the mark, I couldn't have just dreamed it up. Now, years later, I decided to come forward with my story. What I saw that night was beyond our technology, or at least the technology that the government lets us know about. I feel privileged to have seen what I did, but scared at what it may have been. I need answers, one way or another.
