{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-21 02:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505164","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4800,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/164/mufon-5505164.json","updb_database_id":5505164}
{rjl} object came quickly from the northeast hovered over the water sucked some up then took off south easterly

at about 2:01 in the morning i woke up in my room and heard a humming out side and went quickly and quietly went out the front door to investigate. when i looked around saw three bright orange orbs enclosed together with a large circle. i saw a silhouette around the orbs. they were spinning counter clock wise. there was a stream of water going to the craft apparently it was sucking up water. being familiar with ufo phenomena i knew it was getting fuel.i then said "i wonder if theres anyone else around" thinking aloud. i then hear the voice of a female i looked around and saw a silhouette near a tree. she message from a nearby zeta or grey to not be alarmed, i told her i that i was not and that i knew of others who had seen beings like her before. she asked me if i knew what her race was called i guessed and told her that i thought she was a grey or a zeta. she nodded and asked me to come closer. i walked closer to about 10feet of her, she walked a few steps closer and i saw what she looked like in the moon light i told her some of the things that i know and she seemed to be surprised about how much i knew and what i knew. she said that she could keep in touch with me and speak to me my mind. i asked her "how she can you do that" she replied and told me that my brain was wired differently than others she humans she had observed. she asked me why this was, imtold her i had ADHD, then she proceded further by asking questions about my age, gender,(probably because i was wearing a hoodie with the hood up and my face was shadowed) my weight, my height and if i had a quote on quote"mate", i then asked her what she ment by mate. "a female that you are coupled with". i replied with "oh you mean a girlfriend, no i do not". "interesting, thats unusual for males your age that we have observed" she said. i know that and its only because i cant find any females that seem appealing to me that aren't already coupled with another male i told her trying to say it so she would understand what i was saying. i then heard a buzz from the craft. she looked at it and turned back to me and said she must go, but if at any time i needed to contact her to just say her name. i asked her what it was, she told me it was (Al-tar-a). she then turned towards the craft and held up a light device and flashed a pattern at the window where is saw two more occupants. she turned back to me said she was glad to have met someone so knowledge able of her kind in such a un visited place. she then told me because i was so knowledgeable that she would not block the memory from my mind. i asked her if her race were a clone race like some of the other Greys that i had read about. she replied with no we are not and we do not serve any other species like the others do. then she pushed a button on her wrist device and i felt a pain in the back of my neck and then i blacked out. when i woke up i was in my bed. i looked out the my window to see her where she was standing before waving goodbye to me. i waved back. she then pushed another button on her wrist device and a beam of light shot from the craft directly to her when the beam shut off she was gone. i then said her name, she replied with what is it is something wrong? i said no, i just wanted to know how i was back in my bed. she told me they teleported me and that there should be no side affects from it. i then thanked her and told her i would talk to her soon. she then said goodbye, i replied goodbye. the craft then shot off southwest. i looked at the clock and it was 4:20 in the morning.i talk to Altara the last day of every month. i ask her about her race and her home world and she asks me about mine, we have a conversation for about an hour then i goto bed. i have become much more knowledge able thanks to her
