{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-08-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488164","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71487","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5151,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/164/mufon-5488164.json","updb_database_id":5488164}
{cak} observed object rising out of mountains. Several red objects came out of the main object, flew around for hours then went back into the main object. Main object descended back down to Mountain top level.

My family and my friends family were camping on Caribou Mountain outside of Nederland Colorado. We were towards the top of the mountain just below the snow cap. We were drinking hot chocolate and making smores for the kids around the campfire when my buddy Jason suddenly turned and said "what the hell is that?" As I turned the direction he was looking, I observed a glowing object rising out of the mountains going strait up. I instantly tried to determine what this object was, but when it stopped just above the mountain tops and started pulsing different colors(red,blue,green,orange,yellow)I didn't know what I was seeing. Everybody was mesmerized and all camping activities stopped as we watched the object meander its way higher and higher in the sky until it was over our heads almost strait above us at an unknown altitude. Then it stopped, started hovering and the colored pulsing became faster and brighter. Then red lights began to emerge from the main object lining up in formation to the left and right of the main object. If memory serves right, about 8 to 10 red objects. As the main object remained stationary and continuing to pulse the rainbow colors, the red objects began to dart about the sky in ways I've never seen any aircraft move. Some seemed to be chasing each other, some seemed to go off by themselves flying erratically. They were making hard right angle turns without slowing down, they were going one direction and instantly going 180 degrees the other way. It seemed as if they were playing like children in the playground running around their mother. Everyone at our camp was trying to take pictures with their cell phones, but nothing seemed to turn out very good. Cell phones weren't that good back then. The only thing we had to see these things better was a pair of binoculars, which we all shared trying to get a better look. This event went on for hours. Eventually the red objects returned to formation next to the main object and one by one went back into the main object, exactly as they came out. The main objects light pulses slowed and it began to descend. It descended down to the mountain we were on, and went just behind the top of the peak. I could still see the light pulsing around the mountain top. I had the binoculars and began to walk up and around the mountain toward the light. Everyone was saying "What are you doing? Don't go over there Dennis!!" the kids were scared and thought we were going to be abducted, and hid in their tents. I admit I was scared to death too, but the curiosity I felt was overwhelming, I had to see what this thing was. As I rounded the mountain, the object was still there hovering, I stopped and tried to get a look through the binoculars. As I was focusing in, I could see the hull of the craft through the glow, there were no lights that I could see, it was as if the hull itself was glowing. It was silent, no sound at all.I was now within 50 foot of this thing. As I inched closer and closer, every hair on my body began to stand on end. Then the object moved further around the mountain just out of my view, and my hair laid back down. I walked a little further bringing the object back in view, my hair stood back up and then suddenly the craft came directly toward me and flew right over my head within 20ft. or so. That scared the crap out of me and I screamed out loud as the object passed over me without a sound. It sped away at incredible speed, disappearing behind the mountains. Oddly, the next thing I remember is standing next to the camp fire, everyone sleeping in their tents, and the sun coming up. I climbed into my tent and went to sleep. I don't know what happened, I wont say I was taken because I don't know. The eight of us spoke about it a few times since then, but were scoffed at and laughed at like we were all crazy. Eventually we just stopped talking about it. One thing is for sure, what we saw that night changed my life forever, as I'm sure the same goes for everyone that was there. Although I don't have any evidence of our encounter, I think about it every single day. I look to the sky a lot more than I used to. I do have nightmares about things that are hard to admit, but its just something I've learned to live with. It felt good to write all this out and share with you guys after not talking about it for so long.
