{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-02-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486164","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73551","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/164/mufon-5486164.json","updb_database_id":5486164}
{dr}i was on a huge vessel and i was taught propulsion technology

I was researching the city of tars in the Bible by using a method of code cypher that I had been working on. I was tired so I went to sleep. I at first I thought that I was dreaming, but I was standing in a small rounded niche that was ornately decorated with an intricate geometric pattern. the walls floors and equipments were all decorated this way. it was hammered bronze the structure was made of a thin bronze metal. there was a computer screen. on the screen was a code cypher program that was running on a page of text. there were objects that moved across the screen . they would highlight segments of text that could be interpreted as a code cypher. then a grey told me that there was something that I needed to know. he walked with me to a large white room this area was made of white plastic. there were these large powers balls, a fluid tension power ball. they resembled blackberries. they were made from some sort of black rubber material. they had check valves on them. the grey explained that these were fuel cells. they had liquefied sodium peroxide and water in separate bladders the skin of the power ball had water bladders and the inside was filled with sodium peroxide. then the short grey and a tall mantis like entity showed me an injector that empties the fuel cells. it has suction cups that seal and open the check valves. the pressure delivered by this pump is enormous the fluid tension power balls travel down tubes to the injector, the pump loads the fuel cell it opens the check valves and then presses the fuel out into the thrusters that the sodium peroxide powers. then it ejects the empty cell.they demonstrated the procedure for me to see. I was astonished at how powerful it was as the injector loaded the thrusters it jumped from bib to bib with a high rate of speed and amazing accuracy I could feel the explosion and the short period of thrust as the restricted pressure was released.. then the grey took me to a place in the vessel where exhaust pressures spin a turbine to make electricity. the chamber that made the exhaust was a reed slotted , pleat walled structure that was encapsulated in an engineered collapse zone . some of the bladders pumped fluids, instead of a machine doing it. I thought this was genius. they manufacture nitro methane on the vessel to burn in these "Pistons". then the grey showed me a thruster up close it was a small one. it operated on a center line sheet metal bend that closed off the exhaust port the centerline bend sheet metal chamber expands to hold the pressurizing fuel. the exhaust port opens releasing gasses. this produces a robust thrust with a metered amount of sodium peroxide and water. then the mantis like entity took me to a room that was white and black, it was white lit there was a fuel cell filling machine in there. it was a pole that had octopus like arms on it .it had suction cups that opened the check valves. the machine was automated, it would pick up an empty flat cell, it would feel out the check valves with its tentacles, it would fill the cell up plump. then it would release the cell. the power ball then rolls away under the force of fluid tension. I joined two greys in a window overlooking earth. we were above Massachusetts they were talking about suitable housing me in Boston, they informed me that I was going there. then they tested a thruster so that I could see it from a window it shot fire and I realized that this vessel I was inside of was crescent shaped. the next thing that I remember is waking up at my reading table, I felt groggy and mentally exhausted.
