{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-07-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502164","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56855","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/164/mufon-5502164.json","updb_database_id":5502164}
{dr}1960's UFO Sighting at night/ FBI, NASA closed the town of Bass Lake

I wanted to get this some attention for various reasons. I have never seen anything on TV, the internet, or any other source about this event that affected an entire town called Bass Lake, California. My Father told me about this and he has never reported it but will discuss it. I don't remember the exact date but it was in the 60's. My Dad and his friend were hitch hiking to Bass Lake, California when the sighting happened. It was a two lane highway going towards Bass Lake when my Dad and his friend found a mattress on the side of the road. They were tired and took advantage of it and layed there looking at the stars in the night sky. My Father noticed an object in the sky towards the East of his position with three lights. It was triangle in shape and the lights were that of the primary colors. Red, Green, and Blue I believe. Him and his friend watched it for a few minutes intrigued when it suddenly went from not moving at all to another point in the sky towards the west and stopped on a dime. He told me that if he had blinked he would have missed it and it must have traveled 10 or so miles in one second. This got their attention and the craft sat there in sky and darted again towards the south and stopped. They said they watched this go on for 30 minutes or so until it disappeared. Now the most important part of this event comes a month or so later when my Dad moved in with the Sheriff of Bass Lake at that time. One night my Dad and the Sheriffs wife were talking about UFO's and my Dad mentioned what he and his friend witnessed one night and the Sheriffs wife told my Dad to not mention it to the Sheriff. Well, my Dad did ask him about it and the Sheriff at first was unwilling to discuss it but as my Dad described what he saw, the Sheriff told him that he saw the exact same thing from his position the same night. What happened to the Sheriff and the entire town after that was what was really interesting. The FBI, CIA, and NASA flocked to the town of Bass Lake, California and would not allow the Sheriff to leave the county for whatever reason but my Dad knows and I would like whoever is reading this to contact me so I can put you in contact with him. The entire town was taken over by the Government until their investigation was over with and nobody was allowed to leave. I cannot tell you more than this as my Dad has the details. My Dad does not believe in UFO's but he cannot explain what he saw that night. I myself visited Bass Lake in the past and spoke to my Dads old girlfriend who was witness to this event and I can tell you that she told me not a lot of people who were around at that time will talk about it. This event has eluded everyone and from what I can tell has never been spoke of on TV, internet, or anything for that matter. Please call me for more information. I cannot be sure the exact year and date, my Dad has that info. This needs to be looked into. Thank you
