{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:34:21Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 526201, "source_file": "NARCAP/documents/316_narcap_projSph-9jbx.pdf", "source_sha256": "17e7a7ecddfb0cdba7efeef6f637ed46d7b0a8ad240ef1c52aae7610e0b43b69", "source_url": "https://www.narcap.org/s/316_narcap_projSph-9jbx.pdf"}

narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                     Page 1                                   T. Roe


                                                3.1.6

                              Aviation Safety in America – Spherical UAP


                                            Ted Roe
                                     NARCAP Executive Director


                                             April 2010
                                             Copyright


Executive Summary
   This paper represents a review of unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) cases involving
aviation safety for incidents where the shape of the UAP could be considered as spherical as
contained in Appendix 2 of (Haines, 2000). Forty four spherical UAP cases are identified and
reviewed and two photographic cases depicting spherical UAP are examined for a variety of
factors relating to aviation safety and witness perceptions of the UAP. A variety of questions
are engaged in an attempt to develop a general profile of spherical UAP. Certain trends are
identified that should be compared with larger samples for validation or exclusion. For
example, spherical UAP are not often detected on radar. The author explores several reasons
why this may be a defining characteristic of these particular UAP. The author suggests that a
misunderstanding has contributed to a “blind spot” in research that is overlooking atmospheric
phenomena that may be quite coherent and unusual and yet not be detected on radar. Further,
the author suggests that spherical UAP radiate energy and could be a threat to vital aviation
systems.

   Pilots and aviation professionals have reported safety-related incidents/observations of UAP
that are spherical in shape. In some cases the spherical UAP are described as lights while other
descriptions are of metallic or glowing objects. These spherical UAP are described as
demonstrating complex trajectories, high rates of speed and unusual movements that are often
regarded as a hazard by aircrews that report encounters with them. 15 of 44 aviation safety-
related spherical UAP cases reviewed described near mid-air collisions (collision headings to
less than 1,000 ft. of separation). Spherical UAP radiate energy in both visible and invisible
wavelengths and photographic evidence is presented. Additional safety factors related to
aviation safety incidents involving spherical UAP include CRM/crew distractions and
concurrent temporary or permanent electrical equipment failures.

   The focus of this paper then is to examine U.S. aviation safety-related cases where the
witnesses describe objects of a spherical nature and singular lights when there is no witness
description of a readily identified accompanying object. The source for the cases in question is
the Appendices of a paper by NARCAP Chief Scientist Dr. Richard Haines titled “Aviation
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                           Page 2                                           T. Roe


Safety in America – A Previously Neglected Factor” published in 2000 (NARCAP TR-1).
Additionally, two photographic cases will be examined. 1


Introduction
   Unidentified Aerial Phenomena (UAP) are continuing to be reported by aviators and other
aviation professionals. When reviewing these reports there seem to be several threads of
commonalties that might indicate specific and distinct UAP profiles. The primary
differentiating descriptor is shape. UAP are reported in a variety of geometric forms as well as
singular lights or patterns of lights. Oblate spheroids, elliptical shapes, triangles, cones, squares
or diamonds, and spheres are the most commonly reported forms. Often the descriptions of
these forms include various lighting patterns and effects ranging from: individual lights that
appear to be on the surface of an apparently solid object; objects whose form becomes visible
because the entire surface glows; and individual points of light of various frequencies and
intensities. These unusual phenomena are described as ranging in size from less than 1 ft. to
over 1 mile and seem to occur at any altitude. (Hall, 2000)


Pilots as Witnesses
    The issue of the “quality” of a pilot as a UAP witness versus other types of UAP witnesses
is occasionally raised.

   The nature of professional aviators has changed since WWII and today’s aircrew tend to be
both college educated and better trained. Indeed, a college degree is required to participate in
U.S. military aviation programs.

    In reviewing interviews with pilots as UAP witnesses it is clear that they are aware of their
own perceptual shortcomings. Often they will refrain from presenting a clear estimate of
distance from the UAP or its size, for example, because they know that their ability to judge
distance and size while in the air is suspect. Pilots are aware that they are subject to perceptual
failings and that awareness seems to make them more conservative in their engagement of UAP
observations and reports

   One might expect that higher education combined with a tangible fear of on-the-job
recrimination (Roe 2003) would produce a “quality” witness with a bias against reporting any
UAP observation or incident. Indeed, NARCAP has received many reports from aviation
professionals after they retire.

    In reality, there is no real difference between a pilot witness and other types of witnesses. It
is the standardized approach to aviation incident investigations that are often supported by
radar data, voice and other recordings, air traffic controller involvement, etc. that make aviation
cases involving UAP particularly compelling.


1. Both cases are discussed from a different point of view elsewhere: 2.3.2 and 2.4.2, respectively.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                          Page 3                               T. Roe


The Problem of Database Analysis of UAP Descriptions
    A primary problem in reviewing UAP databases for UAP descriptions lies in the variability
of the terminology used and the lack of ancillary data to clarify that description. For example,
a UAP may be reported as both a light and an object. A luminous UAP may be referred to as an
object. A UAP that is glowing may be referred to as simply a light. In many cases it is difficult
to determine whether the light was so intense as to mask an object or otherwise make the shape
of that object indiscernible; nor do we know if it was merely a light on an object. In some
examples we see that the matter resolves itself over the course of the encounter. In others, there
is no resolution and the UAP is simply described in so many words as, for example, an
indistinct glowing object.2

    To further complicate the matter, the description of UAP shape is dependant on the position
of the witness relative to the UAP. For example, objects seen as “round” could actually be disk
shaped, spherical or cylindrical depending on the angle of observation. Additionally, a witness
offering a description of “round” could imply a “round” sphere or a “round” disk or a “round”
cylinder or a “round”, singular light.

   Additional problems lie with almost every aspect of UFO reports where the researcher is
forced to rely on witness perceptions and memory. Temporal issues as well as distance of UAP
from witnesses are problematic. In cases where witnesses do not provide the duration of the
sighting or a description of distance of the UAP from the witness it sometimes seems possible
to offer approximations however the author has avoided doing it. This leaves some very
important variables in question when reviewing historical UAP encounters and should motivate
the investigator to push for exacting clarity when interviewing witnesses.

   Indeed, an examination by NARCAP Research Associate Massimo Teodorani entitled “A
Comparative Analytical and Observational Study of North American Databases on
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena,” (2009) strongly suggests that while databases of UAP reports
seem to indicate the presence of something as yet unresolved, simply reviewing databases for
correlating information may not be as rewarding as one might hope given the inaccuracies in
terminology by investigators and witnesses and the perceptual limitations of the witnesses
themselves.

   Given these difficulties the author has decided to treat cases where the witness describes an
indistinct glowing object or simply a singular light as a spherical UAP. Further, the author has
also included those cases described as round, spherical, balls or globes. While the accuracy of
the study may be effected somewhat, the important point lies with how the witness perceives
the UAP.

   This report presents a review of 120 UAP cases involving aviation safety issues for those
incidents where the UAP is described as a singular light or a round/spherical object. This
includes cases where the UAP is described simply as a light or an indistinct glowing form.
Additionally, two photographic cases will be reviewed. The primary concern is to identify

2. Paper 5.2 discusses this subject as well (Ed.).
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 4                                      T. Roe


characteristics of spherical UAP that may help define them as a specific profile of UAP
encounter.


Part 1 – Spherical UAP

Distribution of Spherical Cases by Category of Aircraft
   Of the 120 total cases reviewed, forty four involved descriptions that seem to indicate that
the UAP was spherical in form. Witness descriptions included terminology like “round”, “ball-
like”, “a round light”, etc. Of these 44 spherical cases, 11 involved military aircraft and crews,
15 involved commercial aircrews, 17 involved private aircraft and one case involved a police
helicopter. (Table 1)

                        Police Helicopter                 1
                        Private Aircraft                 17
                        Commercial Aircraft              15
                        Military Combat A/C               4
                        Military Transport A/C            4
                        Military Trainer A/C              2
                        Military “Other”                  1

          Table 1. Distribution of Spherical Cases by Category of Aircraft


Witness Profiles
   Of the forty four spherical cases reviewed, 38 involved single aircrews, 4 involved more
than one aircrew and only 2 cases involved Air Traffic Control (ATC) as primary visual
witnesses to the event. (Table 2)

                       Single Aircrew Multiple Aircrew Aircrew and ATC
Police Helicopter             1
Private A/C                  15               2               1
Commercial A/C               12               1               1
Military Combat A/C           4
Military Transport A/C        4
Military Trainer A/C          2
Military “Other” A/C                          1
Total                        38               4               2

  Table 2 - Cases involving single aircrews vs. multiple aircrews vs. aircrew
                 and ATC as direct witnesses to the incident.


Daylight vs. Night Reports of Encounters with Spherical UAP
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, 39 of those encounters occurred after dark
and 5 of them occurred during daylight hours.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 5                                        T. Roe


   Many of these 39 cases involve a singular light that could be masking a solid form that is
other than spherical. Also, in those cases where a singular light is reported, there is no way to
be certain that the observations involved a “pure light form” versus a solid object that was
brightly lit or glowing. The majority of observations either described the UAP as a round,
spherical, glowing or luminous globe or ball-like object, or they were simply described as a
light.

   It is reasonable to assume that the majority of night observations of UAP reflect the stimulus
of a light source rather than an observation of an unlit, solid object.


Size of Spherical UAP
    Of the forty four cases reviewed 34 offered no estimate of the size of the UAP encountered.
It is difficult to estimate size and distance while airborne, particularly at night, and it seems that
many airmen are aware of this shortcoming and avoid offering it in their report(s).

    In some cases the witnesses were able to make approximate statements of size based on the
perception that they were in very close proximity to the UAP. Those size estimates ranged from
one foot in diameter to “10 to 20 ft” in diameter. Other estimates were comparisons with the
size of their own aircraft or simply words like “small”, “large”, or “huge”. In one example the
estimate was merely angular: “the size of a basketball held at arms length” or an angular size of
20 degrees (cf., Case 45 Appendix 1) which would imply an imposing observation indeed. In
some cases estimates of angular size were offered by investigators ranging from 2 degrees to 20
degrees arc but we have no accurate way of determining how large the UAP were in most cases
as there is no way to accurately estimate distances from the witness.


Proximity of Spherical UAP to Aircraft at Closest Point
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, 24 cases did not offer an estimate of closest
distance between the UAP and aircraft and the remainder offered estimates ranging from “less
than 10 ft” and “close enough that I ducked my head” to distances estimated at between one
and one-half to three miles.

   Again, it is difficult to estimate distances while airborne. However, it is important to take
the perceptions of the witnesses as seriously as possible. In many of the 44 spherical UAP cases
the witnesses describe very close encounters including dynamic and threatening trajectories.
While the witness statements are subjective in nature, in many cases aircrews were forced to
change headings or engage other control inputs based upon a perceived need to maintain
separation from the UAP. Some of these control inputs resulted in injuries to crew/passengers.
The issue of loss of separation and near mid-air collisions (NMAC) will be discussed later in
this paper.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                      Page 6                                  T. Roe


Altitude of the Spherical UAP Encounter
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, 36 reported the altitude of the encounter
and it ranged from 50 to 100ft AGL to above FL360. There does not seem to be any correlation
 between altitude and spherical UAP manifestations in this sample.


Duration of the Encounter
   Of the forty four spherical cases reviewed, 28 did not provide an estimate of the duration of
the UAP encounter. Of the 16 cases which did report this, the observations/incidents ranged
from less than one minute to nearly one hour.

   However, there is more information contained within the 28 cases which do not report
durations that can provide some useful clues for the investigator. In some of these examples the
aircrews were describing situations that they believed required their full attention and it is
understandable that they did not have time to make an estimate. In many cases it is fairly clear
from the description of the incident itself that the events ranged from mere moments to tens of
minutes in duration. (Table 3)

                           Reported Durations             No. of Cases
                    Less than one minute                       1
                    less than two minutes
                    two to five minutes                         7
                    five to fifteen minutes                     3
                    fifteen to thirty minutes                   2
                    thirty minutes to one hour                  3
                    longer than one hour
                    # Not Reporting duration                   28

                         Table 3. Reported Durations of UAP Incidents


Descriptions of Spherical UAP
    Of the forty four spherical cases reviewed, two of them referred to the UAP as “metallic” or
“reflective” and one of those cases was a daytime incident. The remaining cases are described
as lights or glowing objects.


Light vs. Object
   As has been mentioned above, the problem of understanding spherical UAP is compounded
by sloppy use of terminology used by both witnesses and investigators. In many cases the word
“light” and “object” is used interchangeably. The author has made the assumption that night
time observations involve light sources unless the witness used terms like “metallic” or
“reflective”.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 7                                       T. Roe


Single vs. Multiple Spherical UAP Seen Flying Together
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed 35 cases involved single UAP and 9
involved multiple UAP. Of the multiple UAP cases, 4 cases involved two UAP, 4 cases
involved three UAP and one case involved 5 UAP.

   Of the 35 spherical UAP cases reporting a single UAP, the distribution of UAP descriptions
can be viewed in Table 4

   Of the four cases involving two UAP at the same time and place, all cases represented a pair
of similar lights or objects. These spherical UAP are described as, “two blue-green lights”,
“two yellow spheres”, “two bright white lights”, and “two spheres.”

    Of the four cases involving three UAP, three cases represented a trio of similar lights or
objects described as, “three orange balls in formation”, “three brilliant white lights”, and “three
elliptical/round gray objects.” One case reported a white light with two smaller orange
“fireballs”.

   The one case reporting five spherical UAP described five round orange objects, all similar to
each other.


Spherical UAP Colors, Intensity and Variability
    In reviewing the reported colors of UAP it is clear that there are some probable similarities
between different cases. The author has attempted, below, to generally group those
observations by similarity in descriptions. This should not be considered to be entirely accurate
as the perception of the witness may not always be trustworthy. Some cases involve multiple
UAP of different colors. Some cases are hard to define, for example blue-white lights vs. pale
blue lights vs. white lights with a bluish tinge. So the author has grouped these reports of
various colors several different ways. Further variables that might effect the observation of
color include tinting in windscreen glass, sunglasses, weather, etc.

White UAP
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, 27 of the UAP were referred to as a light or
a white or whitish light. Of those 27 UAP cases, 12 reported the UAP(s) as white lights. These
reports estimated size from one foot in diameter to “larger than a DC 10”. Descriptions of these
white lights included “brilliant”, “intense”, “flashbulb bright” and “bright”. Additionally there
are 11 reports of white lights tinged with green, blue, orange or yellow. Four cases simply
described the spherical UAP as a “light”, “a bright light”, a “round light”.
Orange UAP
   - Eight cases described orange lights, orange balls, orange “fireballs”, “orange objects”
       and one case described a “fast maneuvering round orange-red object”.
Red UAP
   - Four cases described red lights, “like a blood red star”, “large red ball-like object”,
       “round red blob of not-metal like a blood red moon”.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 8                                      T. Roe


Blue UAP
   - Five cases describe a “single pale blue light”, “a round ball of blue-white light”, “a
       circular shape of glowing blue-white”, “a single bluish-white light”, “a single
       flashing blue white light”.
Yellow UAP
   - Three cases describe “yellow lights”, “yellow spheres”, “a single yellow-white
       light”.
Metallic/Gray
   - Three cases describe the UAP as “metallic”, “reflective” or “gray”.
Green UAP
   - Two cases describe the UAP color as “a pale green light”, “greenish-white object”

         # Reporting Single UAP                                           35
          Single Light (no further description)                            2
               Round, Self-luminous object                                 1
               Single Round greenish white object                          1
               Brilliant Greenish-white light                             1
                Single Pale green light                                    1
                Single White Light                                         9
                Single White light w/orange tinge                          1
                Single Yellow-white light                                  1
                Single Pale blue light                                     1
               Round Ball of Blue-white light                              1
               Circular shape glowing blue-white                           1
                Single Orange light                                        1
                Single Orange Ball                                         1
                Single Red light                                           1
                Single Red Light "like a blood-red star"                   1
               Large metallic sphere                                       1
                metallic ovoid/spherical object                            2
               Large Red ball-like object                                  1
               Large Round White "thing"                                   1
               Single Round Light (red, amber, green)                      1
               Round, red and white object                                 1
               Round blob of not metal like a blood red moon               1
                Single Bluish-white light                                  1
                Gleaming White Ball w/gold ring around lower 1/3           1
               Single flashing blue-white light                            1
               very bright round object w/red and white hues               1
                fast maneuvering round orange-red object                   1
         # Reporting Multiple UAP                                          9
               # Reporting Two UAP                                         4
                 Two Blue-green lights                                     1
                 Two Yellow luminous spheres                               1
                 Two bright white lights                                   1
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 9                                       T. Roe


                  two spheres                                               1
                # Reporting Three UAP                                       4
                   White light with two smaller orange "fireballs"          1
                   Orange balls in formation                                1
                   Three brilliant white lights                             1
                   Three elliptical/round gray objects                      1
                # Reporting Five UAP                                        1
                  Reporting Five "Orange Objects"                           1

               Table 4. Distribution of Spherical UAP Cases by Color and
                              Number of UAP Reported

Intensity
    Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed 18 reported the UAP as “brilliant”,
“intense”, or “bright”. In several cases the ambient light from the UAP was bright enough to
illuminate the cockpit. It is appropriate to note the potential for flash-blindness from directly
looking at large, brilliant UAP. In fact, in one example, after turning on his landing lights to
advise a UAP of his proximity, a pilot was blinded by the UAP increasing in visual intensity
and the resulting control inputs caused injuries to crew and passengers.


Variability in Color and Frequency
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed 9 reported the UAP as “flaming”,
“flashing”, “strobing”, “flickering”, “changing intensity”, “pulsating or throbbing”.
Two cases reported that the UAP changed colors. One case described the UAP as changing
from red to green to amber. One case described the UAP as changing from bright white to pale
green.

Spherical UAP Trajectories
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, 8 reported single trajectories, 36 reported
complex trajectories, 28 reported that the UAP accelerated and decelerated relative their
aircraft, 27 reported that the UAP changed altitude, 30 reported that the UAP demonstrated
high rates of speed relative their own aircraft, 10 reported that the last trajectory of the UAP
was an ascent and 1 reported the last visible trajectory of the UAP as descending. (Table 5)

                             UAP Trajectories                    #Reporting:
                    Stationary
                    Single                                            8
                    Complex                                          36
                    Accelerations and Decelerations                  28
                    Changes in Altitude                              27
                    Relatively High Rates of Speed                   30
                    UAP Ascends at Last Sight                        10
                    UAP Descends at Last Sight                        1

                                  Table 5. UAP Trajectories
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                          Page 10                              T. Roe


Radar Detection of Spherical UAP
   Of the forty four spherical cases reviewed, only four reported radar detections as
confirmation of the presence of a spherical UAP. Further, of the 5 cases where the pilot
requested radar confirmation of the UAP, 3 did receive radar confirmation of UAP and 2 did
not (some of the confirmations were acquired by investigators after the incident). None of the
cases reviewed reported radar detections or warnings arising from ATC/ground radar regarding
uncorrelated traffic. Further, for those cases that involved commercial aircraft in the 1980s and
1990s, there were no reports of TCAS warnings.3


Photographic Evidence that Spherical UAP Radiate Energy
    In addition to the forty four spherical UAP cases derived from Dr. Haines’ paper, NARCAP
has conducted two analyses of photographs purporting to show the presence of a spherical
UAP. The first case is NARCAP Technical Report 7 entitled “Analysis of a Photograph of a
High Speed Ball of Light” (Haines, 2002).


                Figure 1. Spherical UAP and Sailplane. (From: Haines, 2002)


3. See 2.3 and Shough (2002) for additional information on radar contact cases (Ed.).
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                           Page 11                              T. Roe


   This case involved an analog 35mm SLR photograph of a spherical UAP that was described
by several airborne witnesses as looking like a polished “ball-bearing”. Its size was estimated
to be between 60 and 300 ft. in diameter. While it appeared as a smooth, metallic ball to the
observers, the film recorded the UAP as a white and energetic radiator that seemed to produce
some unknown particles trailing behind it.


Solid vs. Radiating body
    In the visual spectrum the spherical UAP of Figure 1 appeared solid and the camera detected
it as an energetic body. This may provide a clue as to the potential for concurrent systems
failures reported during some in-flight encounters between airplanes and spherical UAP. It may
also offer an explanation for the failed radar detections mentioned in many spherical UAP
reports. If these UAP are energetic radiating bodies, they may be able to affect aircraft systems
and defeat radar detection, depending on the type of energies they are radiating.4

  The second photographic case involving a spherical UAP is from NARCAP Technical
Report 11 entitled “Small White Ball of Light Flies Near Airliner: Investigation of High
Resolution, Digital, Color Photographs of July 3, 2005 at 2031 Hrs., Palo Alto, California”
(Haines, 2007).

   This case is significant for several reasons. It is a digital photograph that illustrates a
ground-based observation of a white spherical UAP estimated to be about three feet in
diameter, pacing an airliner on final approach into San Jose International Airport (SJC). It is
important to note that there are many anecdotal reports of similar events and some are also
supported by photographs.


4. Section 2.4 discusses similar issues in some depth (Ed.).
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                  Page 12                                       T. Roe


           Figure 2. White Spherical UAP Trailing Airliner. (From Haines, 2007)

    Based on sequential photographs and according to the two witnesses on the ground who
photographed the incident; the airliner was paced from behind and at a distance by the white
spherical UAP. Then the UAP accelerated relative the airliner to a position underneath the tail
of the airliner. It then reduced its speed to pace the airliner before leaving by breaking away
from the airliner at an oblique angle. It is interesting to note that in Figure 3 the UAP appears
to be maintaining its pace while directly in the slipstream of the airliner, unaffected by dynamic
pressure or buffeting.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 13                                       T. Roe


            Figure 3. White Spherical UAP Pacing Airliner. (From Haines, 2007)


   The most alarming aspect of this case, aside from the possibility that these phenomena may
adversely affect vital avionic systems, is that the aircrew was probably unaware of the incident.
These cases of ground-based observations of UAP pacing or following aircraft are rather
common. It is important to note that these cases have the potential to trigger aviation security
alerts and also might be misidentified as ordinance.


Some Spherical UAP Radiate Energy
   In both of these photographic cases the spherical UAP appears as an energetic, radiating
body. In the first case it is described as a metallic appearing solid that the camera detected as an
energetic radiating body and in the second case the UAP is described as a white light, also an
energetic, radiating body. It is appropriate to question what frequencies and varieties of
energies are being emitted and to determine if those emissions are capable of effecting vital
aircraft systems and/or defeating radar detection.


Profiling Spherical UAP
   Based on the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, the following trends have been
identified:
     Spherical UAP are dynamic, poorly understood and poorly documented phenomena.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                 Page 14                                     T. Roe


       They can manifest in wide variety of colors and sizes.
       Spherical UAP can appear as both solid objects and singular lights. They are often
        reported as brilliant lights, often white in color though other colors ranging from
        yellow, orange, red, green and blue to metallic and reflective are also reported.
       Spherical UAP that are described as objects have no openings and lack exhaust or thrust
        ports.
       They can be highly mobile and demonstrate complex trajectories and high rates of
        speed.
       They can quickly accelerate to very high speeds and decelerate to a hover.
       They can execute complete reversals of direction at very high speeds.
       Spherical UAP can range in size from a foot to hundreds of feet across.
       Spherical UAP can manifest in groupings of two or more.
       Spherical UAP can be quite brilliant and can affect the (dark adapted) vision of
        aircrews.
       Spherical UAP are not commonly detected by radar.
       The primary stimulus for an aviation report of a spherical UAP is a visual observation
        reported by aircrew or air controllers.
       Spherical UAP are often associated with aviation safety-related cases reporting loss of
        separation/collision headings, NMACs and concurrent failures of communications,
        navigation or electrical systems.
       Witness descriptions and examinations of photographs depicting spherical UAP
        demonstrate that the UAP radiate energy.


What are Spherical UAP? Some Considerations and Speculations
   Spherical UAP have been described throughout history. Encounters with them have been
documented in art and literature. For example, consider the woodblock prints related to an
incident that occurred on August 7, 1566 over Basel, Switzerland. The illustration below
accompanied the description of this incident by Samuel Coccius, reported in a contemporary
Basel Broadsheet.

    Samuel Coccius wrote, “…at the time when the sun rose, one saw many large black balls
which moved at high speed in the air towards the sun, then made half-turns, banging one
against the others as if they were fighting a battle…” He went on to write, “…many became red
and fiery, ending by being consumed and vanishing.” many citizens of Basel were quite
frightened by this incident, which occurred for several hours in the skies over their city.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                  Page 15                                     T. Roe


        Figure 4. Block Print depicting Incident above Basel, Switzerland, August 1566


   More contemporary descriptions of spherical UAP arose during WWII when spherical UAP
encounters with aircraft were reported by all participating air forces. An article from the New
York Times, Dec. 13, 1944 stated:

"Floating Mystery Ball Is New German Weapon.
SUPREME HEADQUARTERS, Allied Expeditionary Force, Dec. 13
-- A new German weapon has made its appearance on the western air front, it was disclosed
today.

"Airmen of the American Air Force report that they are encountering silver colored spheres in
the air over German territory. The spheres are encountered either singly or in clusters.
Sometimes they are semi-translucent."

...and, "SUPREME HEADQUARTERS Dec. 13 (Reuters) -- The Germans
have produced a "secret" weapon in keeping with the Christmas season.

"The new device, apparently an air defense weapon, resembles the huge glass balls that adorn
Christmas trees. There was no information available as to what holds them up like stars in the
sky, what is in them or what their purpose is supposed to be."

   As is shown by many papers in the present report, these spherical phenomena continue to be
reported by aviation professionals to this day.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                      Page 16                                     T. Roe


                              Figure 5. Spherical UAP in Aircraft Formation


   The UAP report published in 2006 by the United Kingdom Ministry of Defense,
Unidentified Aerial Phenomena in UK Air Defense Region (aka The “Condign Report”) was a
public acknowledgement that UAP exist and it offers a hypothesis for the source of UAP
reports. This study can be reviewed on the website of the Ministry of Defense of the United
Kingdom.

   The most glaring of several weaknesses in their study is the attempt to paint all UAP with the
same broad brush. The suggestion is offered that unusual, naturally occurring “plasmas” are
responsible for UAP observations. It further suggests that these plasmas are so unusual as to
cause a person to believe that they are seeing lights on a darker object and that groups of these
UAP can actually present as a collection of bright lights surrounded by a dark space that is
created by the unusual properties of these strange plasmas. This interesting but presumed
characteristic is due to properties that the authors of the report neglect to describe.

   While the study itself is somewhat brave in its assertions that UAP exist, it falls far short of
an adequate explanation for their attributes and source(s). A very good critique of this study is
offered by David Clarke and Gary Anthony, The British MOD Study: Project Condign.

   Some studies of “ball of light” phenomena have been conducted at Hessdalen, Norway and
other locations where UAP seem to manifest consistently.5 The EMBLA Project
(www.itacomm.net) has a continuing and lively study underway to resolve the nature and
characteristics of “ball of light” phenomena as reported at Hessdalen, Norway (and elsewhere).

5 This subject is also treated in 4.3 (Ed.).
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                         Page 17                                 T. Roe


While there has been no definitive work to resolve the exact nature of the UAP being studied in
those locations, it has been strongly suggested that those so-called “Earth Light” phenomena
represent some kind of “plasma”. Often Earth Light phenomena are mobile and do not reflect
radar, in most cases. However, the comparisons between spherical UAP reported at Hessdalen
and other spherical UAP are not “one-to-one” and there is good reason to resolve the question
of whether the UAP documented at Hessdalen and other sites are at all related to those reported
by aircrews.

   Probably a more intriguing aspect of a spherical UAP is the energetic properties that allow it
to maintain coherence and brilliance over tens of minutes and more. The relatively long
durations and spatial stability of these phenomena seem to disqualify them as “ball lightening”
which is commonly understood to last less than ten seconds.6

   It is reasonable to conclude that none of the cases reviewed represent UAV (unmanned
aerial vehicles). The range of cases reviewed predated 1997.

    A “blind spot” may be responsible for the limited official acceptance of the existence of
spherical UAP. The phenomenon may be radiating energy at frequencies that render it
undetectable to most radar or it may simply not be dense enough to reflect a signal. In either
case, it is probable that scientific understanding about these UAP has been inhibited by a failure
to imagine that some atmospheric phenomena are not radar-reflective.

   It is unlikely that spherical UAP represent a component in a larger dynamic system created
by an interaction between the environment and the aircraft. Given the initial observations of
UAP that arise at a distance and before closing range (with the aircraft) as well as the reports of
UAP leaving the vicinity of aircraft at a great distance and speed, it is probable that UAP
represent self-contained phenomena that exist independently of aircraft and observers.

    In some cases it might be argued that spherical UAP demonstrate “intelligence”. The author
is at a loss as to how one might prove that the trajectories of a ball of light are indicative of
“deliberate behavior” or inherent “intelligence”. Nevertheless, many cases are quite
provocative, in this regard.

   It is possible that these spherical UAP are energetic phenomena, plasmas of some variety or
some manner of a quantum system, that travel on paths of potential – ionized gas trails,7 for
example and that they are natural and inanimate phenomena. It is also possible that these
spherical UAP represent quantum technology or self-organized plasma of a very high order. It
could be that spherical UAP are representative of several different varieties of natural
phenomena or technologies arising from an unknown source.

   Further, it is appropriate to note that many witnesses refer to spherical UAP as “objects” or
“craft”, or use other terminology that imply a technical, artificial nature or source of UAP.

6. See 4.3 for further discussion (Ed.).

7. See 2.2 for an hypothesized mechanism of this type (Ed.).
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 18                                     T. Roe


   It is also clear that spherical UAP are coherent energetic systems that are quite stable and
mobile. They emit energy and appear to be able to affect aircraft systems and in many instances
avoid radar detection. The U.K. Ministry of Defense’s “Condign Report” (2000) also noted that
UAP are not often detected on radar and have been known to effect automotive systems and
other types of technologies and that physiological symptoms related to close exposure to
spherical UAP have been reported and arises, presumably, from the energetic fields that the
UAP are emitting.

   It is unlikely that any one country on Earth had mastered the ability to fly spherical objects
with the capabilities reported by the end of the Second World War. Given the prevalence of
spherical UAP reports and the similarities in such reports over time, it is reasonable to suggest
that spherical UAP represent: 1) one or more variety of poorly documented natural
phenomenon or 2) technology that has remained consistent over, at least, the past 70 years of
powered flight. The answer to either question remains open. That spherical UAP exist as a
specific profile of UAP manifestation is, as the British Ministry of Defense asserts,
“indisputable.”


Part 2 - Spherical UAP and Aviation Safety

    Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed here 22 reported loss of separation. 19 cases
reported loss of separation/collision heading. Eleven of these cases reported head-on
trajectories and 8 reported collision headings from approach vectors other than head-on. 15 of
the 19 cases reported near mid-air collisions. In the 19 cases reporting loss of
separation/collision course, all of them reported concern for their safety. (Table 6)

                              Loss of Separation                 22
                              Collision Course                   19
                              Collision Course Head-on           11
                              Collision Course Other             8
                              NMAC                               15

                                Table 6. Aviation Safety Incidents


   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, it could be said that all of them exhibit
aviation safety concerns based on issues related to Cockpit Resource Management (CRM) and
crew distraction. Additional concerns include loss of separation, near mid-air collisions,
collisions, and systems failures.


Spherical UAP and Concurrent Electrical, Communication and Navigation Failures

   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, 5 cases reported concurrent avionic
systems failures. (Table 7)
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                  Page 19                                      T. Roe


                # Reporting Concurrent Electrical/Comm/Nav Failures        5
                          Magnasyn and magnetic compasses spinning         2
                         Autopilot failed to maintain heading              1
                         Both transponders failed, one permanently         1
                         Magnetic Compass and ADF spinning                 1
                         Radio - heavy static in receiver, transient       2

           Table 7. Concurrent Electrical/Communications/Navigations Failures


    NARCAP Chief Scientist Richard F. Haines and International Technical Specialist – France,
Dominique F. Weinstein conducted a study of aviation-related UAP encounters involving
concurrent transient or permanent systems failures.”A Preliminary Study of Sixty Four Pilot
Sighting Reports Involving Alleged Electromagnetic Effects on Aircraft Systems” (2001).
Among the conclusions from this preliminary study was the observation that ‘ Most of the UAP
(in E-M effects cases) are circular/round in shape [emphasis added].’


Provisional Conclusions
   This preliminary report presents only a brief overview of pilots’ UAP sighting reports that
have E-M effects on aircraft. Only the 33 highest EMCARM scoring"category 1" cases are
presented here with a longer report in preparation. An in-depth study of these selected cases is
called for.

    From this overview we identified several interesting points that deserve further study:

1. Private airplane are more likely to be affected by E-M effects than military or
       commercial aircraft.

2. Magnetic compasses seem not to be particularly affected on military aircraft (many
      of which tend to be specially shielded against various radiation.)

3. Radio systems and compasses are the most affected systems by UAP.

4. Most of the UAP (in E-M effects cases) are circular/round in shape.

5. Most of the E-M effects occurred when UAP were near the aircraft.

6. Magnetic compass deviation seemed to be correlated to the UAP position. An intense
      magnetic field appears to be associated with these UAP.

   Spherical UAP figure prominently in UAP reports involving concurrent electrical,
communications and navigation system failures. It is imperative that UAP cases involving
concurrent reports of transient or permanent failures of any vital system or equipment be
treated with great concern and intellectual engagement.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                  Page 20                                      T. Roe


Spherical UAP Are Not Commonly Detected by Radar
   Of the forty four cases reviewed only 4 cases reported ground radar detections of the UAP.
This is significant for several reasons. In several instances the aircrew specifically contacted
ATC to ask if there were corresponding radar detections related to the UAP that they were
witnessing visually and were told that there was no detection. This inability to detect UAP with
radar was also noted in the U.K. Ministry of Defense Report (2000).

   This fact seems to imply either that the aircrews were suffering illusions or delusions or that
many spherical UAP are not detectable by radar. However, in those four cases where radar
detections of UAP were reported those detections of uncorrelated targets provide confirmations
that the aircrews were seeing real phenomena that they could not explain. In other incidents like
case 85 (see Appendix 1) both aircrew and ATC personnel were able to visually confirm the
presence of a spherical UAP operating in Class B airspace and successfully mitigate it as a
hazard to aviation safety while there was no reported corresponding radar contact.

   Spherical UAP may be difficult to detect with radar for several reason. It could be that
spherical UAP are energetic phenomena, plasmas, and are simply not dense enough to reflect a
radar signal. Yet four spherical UAP cases reported radar detection of the UAP which forces
the consideration that some spherical UAP can be dense objects, and are radiating energies at
frequencies that intermittently inhibit radar detection and cause concurrent electro-magnetic
effects.

   Radar reflectivity can be defeated either by passive, design related means or by active ways
like plasma generators that dampen the reflection of a radar signal. If one considers that
spherical UAP are energetic radiating bodies that can effect electrical, navigation and
communications systems, then it may well be that the energetic properties of these UAP, in
addition to the low reflectivity of a spherical form, can render them nearly invisible to many
radars.

   Detecting UAP around both aviation accidents and incidents and acquiring UAP data has
been severely inhibited by the wide-spread expectation that (except for stealth aircraft) almost
anything that flies must reflect radar.

   This situation puts a great deal of responsibility on the aircrew to identify and properly
respond with regard to the UAP. It also demands that the ATC personnel be aware of and
responsive to reports of “traffic” that are not detected by ground radar. Further, it is
questionable whether TCAS systems are adequate to prevent NMACs with UAP. Indeed, in
cases like number 112 (Appendix 1), there was a reported NMAC with a spherical UAP yet
there was no TCAS alarm.

Spherical UAP and Mid-Air Collisions
   We have no way of knowing if UAP are involved in collisions or crashes of aircraft due to
the low survival rate of aircrews experiencing mid-air collisions and the apparent radar
transparency of some UAP. Even knowing that UAP were in the vicinity of an aviation
emergency is very difficult to validate – or disqualify - without the ability to detect UAP on
radar.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                             Page 21                                                   T. Roe


Spherical UAP and Aviation Security Alerts - Confusion with Ordinance/missile attack
   Observers of spherical UAP in the vicinity of airborne aircraft may believe that they are
witnessing a missile attack. In fact, at least one pilot-witness of a spherical UAP that was on a
collision heading with his aircraft mentioned that he and his passenger initially believed that
they were being attacked by a “sidewinder missile”.


Airport Incursions
    Spherical UAP and other varieties of UAP do manifest in restricted airspace.8 With respect
to their dynamic movements and unpredictable nature it is reasonable to assume that the
presence of a UAP inside restricted airspace should be treated with the greatest caution.


Spherical UAP and Dynamic Trajectories
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, 8 reported single trajectories, 36 reported
complex trajectories, 28 reported that the UAP accelerated and decelerated relative their
aircraft, 27 reported that the UAP changed altitude, 30 reported that the UAP demonstrated
high rates of speed relative their own aircraft, 10 reported that the last trajectory of the UAP
was an ascent and 1 reported the last visible trajectory of the UAP as descending.

   Spherical UAP are described as quite dynamic and agile. Complex trajectories including 360
degree passes around aircraft have been reported. Spherical UAP are often described as flying
very, very fast and are capable of seemingly instantaneous reversals of direction at
“impossible” speeds.

   Particularly of concern is the perception by the aircrew of a collision heading undertaken by
a fast-moving UAP. Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed 15 spherical UAP
encounters are described as near mid-air collisions (in which the separation on a collision
heading is less than 1,000 ft). Spherical UAP can appear very suddenly and a situation can
escalate quite quickly leaving split second decisions in the hands of aircrew that have not even
been advised of the existence of such phenomena.


Spherical UAP as an Unexpected Safety Factor for Aircrews
   The majority of spherical UAP reports involve initial visual detections by aircrews. It is
uncommon for ATC to detect spherical UAP and vector aircraft around them though, in some
instances, spherical UAP are detected on radar after aircraft request radar confirmations.9


8 One well documented instance that involved a non-spherical UAP took place directly above O’Hare
       International Airport, Chicago on the afternoon of November 7, 2006. Because the UAP was not detected
       by radar or seen from the tower it was ignored by FAA and TSA officials. Report of an Unidentified
       Aerial Phenomenon and its Safety Implications at O’Hare International Airport on November 7, 2006,
       NARCAP Technical Report 10, Haines, et al., 2007.

9. See 3.3.1 for further support of this statement, particularly with regard to U. S. military airplanes (Ed.).
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 22                                      T. Roe


   Pilots and ATC who find themselves dealing with spherical UAP are in an unusual and
difficult circumstance. Pilots and ATC are unaware, in general, of the existence of such
phenomena and there is little in the way of guidance given them with respect to how to manage
and mitigate the risks related to an unexpected encounter with a UAP. An aircrew that is
confronted by a highly mobile UAP is faced with making judgment calls with respect to control
inputs that are responsive to UAP trajectories.


Risk Avoidance and Safety-related Spherical UAP Encounters
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, all of them involved UAP that were first
witnessed by the aircrews and no cases arose from ATC warnings of uncorrelated radar targets.
Twenty two spherical UAP cases involved loss of separation and 19 of those cases were
described as collision headings. Fifteen of the cases described as “collision headings” were
described as near mid-air collisions. Two of those cases involved control inputs by aircrews
that resulted in injuries to passengers and crew. All 19 cases describing a collision heading
expressed concerns for the safety of the aircraft and crew/passengers.


Mitigating Factors in Loss of Separation/Collision Heading Cases
Of the 19 spherical UAP cases described as “collision headings”, the hazard was mitigated by
the UAP changing course in 7 cases and mitigated by control inputs by the air crew in 7 other
cases with the remainder (5 cases) involving changes in heading by both UAP and aircraft.
This seems to emphasize the role of risk management and judgment placed on aircrews by
these unusual incidents.


Spherical UAP/White Lights vs. System Failures
 Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed 27 reported some variation of a white light
while 12 reported the UAP(s) as a white light(s). These pilot witnesses estimated the size of the
UAP being from one foot in diameter to “larger than a DC 10”. Descriptions of these white
lights included “brilliant”, “intense”, “flashbulb bright” and “bright”. Additionally there are 11
reports of white lights tinged with green, blue, orange or yellow. Four cases simply described
the spherical UAP as a “light”, “a bright light”, a “round light”. In three of those encounters
concurrent transient or permanent equipment failures were also reported.


Aircrew Responses to Spherical UAP Sightings
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, 29 (66%) reported simply observing the
UAP and making no control inputs. Many of these cases involved “pacing” the aircraft by the
UAP. Five cases reported pilot control inputs to evade or turn away from the UAP. One case
reported that the UAP pursued the airplane; one case reported that the UAP veered away and
three cases reported the UAP as unresponsive (maintaining its original heading).
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 23                                       T. Roe


    Ten cases (23%) reported pilot control inputs to investigate or pursue a UAP sighting. Six
of those cases reported that the UAP veered away, 4 cases described the UAP as pursuing or
closing with the aircraft.


Landing Lights as Proximity Warnings
   Of the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, 4 of these cases reported that the pilot
turned on landing lights as a proximity warning to the UAP. In one of these cases the UAP
unexpectedly changed intensity to become “quite brilliant” but there was no response to
mitigate an NMAC by the UAP. The pilot was reported to be temporarily blinded. Crew and
passenger injuries resulted from the control inputs by the pilot as he attempted to evade the
UAP.

   One case reported that the UAP corrected a collision heading and then paced the aircraft.

   One case reported that the UAP was pacing their aircraft and when they turned on the
landing lights, it moved upwards and away from them.

   In one case the pilot reported turning on his taxi lights to warn a group of three UAP that
they were on a collision heading. One UAP left the formation vertically, the other two
continued and passed in front of the aircraft. When the pilot flashed his taxi lights the other two
lights disappeared from sight although it’s unclear whether the lights just went out or they
moved away very quickly.


Mitigating Spherical UAP-related Aviation Safety Factors
   In the forty four spherical UAP cases reviewed, there is no reliable way to determine if UAP
on a collision heading will always avoid the aircraft. The range of separation and high rate of
closure in many cases represents a threat that can not be ignored. There is no reason for
aircrews to simply expect that the UAP will avoid the aircraft “on its own”. Given the low
survival rate of aircrews experiencing mid-air collisions and the reported radar transparency
of many spherical UAP, it can not be said with certainty that UAP have not been primary
factors in past catastrophic air crashes.

    At this point it is advisable to prepare aircrews for potential spherical UAP encounters by
informing them that various shaped UAP actually do exist. Further, it is appropriate to instruct
air crews that are encountering something unusual (in real time) to maintain altitude and
heading, use landing lights, etc. but be prepared to deal with a situation that can become very
dynamic very quickly.

   Based upon the body of evidence reviewed here it is strongly recommended that:

   1. A vigorous international effort be undertaken to collect and develop data regarding
      aviation-related UAP incidents.
   2. An outreach program be developed to educate aircrews, managers and aviation officials
      about UAP as a hazard to aviation. This was also recommended by the UK Ministry of
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 24                                       T. Roe


       Defense “Condign Report”. It is also important to note that the governments of Chile,
       France, and Peru have ongoing official UAP research programs and are concerned with
       the risks to aviation safety posed by UAP.

   Ultimately it is the air crew’s judgment and ability to assess risk that defines an appropriate
response to danger. That ability to assess risk is dependant on education and adequate
preparation.


References
Haines, R.F., Aviation Safety in America – A Previously Neglected Factor. NARCAP
       Technical Report 1, 2000.
Haines, R.F. and D.F. Weinstein, A Preliminary Study of Sixty Four Pilot Sighting
       Reports Involving Alleged Electromagnetic Effects on Aircraft Systems.
       NARCAP Technical Report 3, 2001.
Haines, R.F., A Photo Analysis of a High Speed Ball of Light. NARCAP Technical
       Report 7, 2003.
Haines, R.F., Small White Ball of Light Flies Near Airliner: Investigation of High
       Resolution, Digital, Color Photographs of July 3, 2005 at 2031 Hrs., Palo Alto,
       California. NARCAP Technical Report 11, 2007.
Hall, R.H., The UFO Evidence,Volume II: A Thirty-Five Year Report. Scarecrow Press,
       Lanham, MD, 2000.
Shough, M., RADCAT: Radar Catalogue: A Review of Twenty One Ground and Airborne
       Radar UAP Contact Reports Generally Related to Aviation Safety for the Period
       October 15, 1948 to September 19, 1976. NARCAP Technical Report 6, 2002.
Teodorani, M., A Comparative and Analytical Study of North American Databases on
       Unidentified Aerial Phenomena. NARCAP website, 2009.
Defense Intelligence Staff, United Kingdom Ministry of Defense, Unidentified Aerial
       Phenomena in the UK Air Defense Region, 2000.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 25                                       T. Roe


                                               3.1.6

                                            Appendix


   This section presents forty four cases extracted from the Appendices of Haines (2000) where
the witness description of the UAP seems to indicate a singular light or a spherically shaped
object. These cases are numbered as they appear in the Appendices of this reference. Event
time uses a 24 hour clock notation. L refers to local time, otherwise UTC. U refers to U.S.A.
registered airplanes; F refers to foreign registered airplanes; C refers to (commercial); M
(military); P (private) airplanes.

1. April 27, 1950 2025L UC Goshen, Indiana
    This interesting sighting received a good deal of press coverage, probably because the
passengers were alerted to the presence of the unidentified light flying near their commercial
flight. Trans World Airways flight 117 (DC-3) was flying westerly toward Chicago at about
2,000 feet altitude over north central Indiana. FO Robert Manning was the first to sight a
"strange red glow" below and behind them on their right side. It rose rapidly and grew in
angular size looking like an "orange-red... round blob of not metal...". "It was similar in
appearance to a rising blood red moon, and appeared to be closing with us at a relatively slow
rate of convergence. I watched its approach for about two minutes, trying to determine what it
might be." Manning then pointed the light out to Captain Robert Adickes who asked their
hostess, Gloria Henshaw, to come up to the cockpit to see the object. At that point the UAP was
at their 4 o’clock position and slightly lower in altitude keeping pace at their same speed. It was
about 1/2 mile away. Captain Adickes sent the hostess back to alert the passengers to the light.
He then banked his aircraft to the right to "...try to close on the unknown object." As Captain
Manning’s notes (April 27, 1950) indicate, "As we turned, the object seemed to veer away from
us in a direction just west of north, toward the airport area of South Bend. It seemed to descend
as it increased its velocity, and within a few minutes was lost to our sight...". (cf. McDonald, in
Anon., Pp. 46-47, 1968)

3. November 7, 1950 1915L UM E. of Lakehurst NAS, New Jersey
    This frightening series of near-air misses took place over the Atlantic Ocean but within sight
of land under an exceptionally clear and dark sky. The heaven was filled with bright stars. Lt.
jg Robert Haven was flying a Navy AD-4Q on a routine night radar navigation flight out of
NAS Atlantic City, NJ. He was at 3,500 feet altitude on a westerly heading back to land. To his
right-front side an estimated five miles away and somewhat above him was a steady white light
which he thought was the fuselage light of another aircraft. He thought it was at 4,000 feet
altitude at the time and was moving to the SE. Lt. Haven instructed a crewman to turn on their
airborne radar to "intercept" mode and also began a slight climbing turn to the left "...in order to
get on this object’s tail." The motion of the other object was clearly visible in relation to the
many background stars. As he rolled out on the same course as the object it turned somewhat
more southerly so that the pilot thought he was directly behind it now. What follows is the
pilot’s narration of what happened next.
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 26                                        T. Roe


    "In less time that (sic) it takes to tell, this light, without making any kind of reversal turn,
bore down on me in a slight dive, passing directly over my canopy, at an incredible speed,
about 100 to 200 feet above. Puzzled at this, my first reaction was that we had originally met
head-on, and that this was some aircraft without running lights and that it had been a close miss
for both of us." Lt. Haven deliberately pulled up into the flight path of the light just after it had
passed to see if he would experience its wash or slipstream "...but there was none." The pilot
then told the other crewman onboard what had just happened and he "...disregarded his radar
operation and proceeded to witness the following events. I pulled into a tight "flipper" reversal
turn in order to see this light again. As before, it was till (sic) slightly higher than I, and this
time I was positive we were on his tail. Pushing to normal rated power and climbing, I
attempted to hold the light in front of me, this object made another head-on pass, veering
slightly port and below so that my crewman could see it too. Still nothing but a single white
light, close to 10 to 12 inches in diameter, it moved with fantastic speed." The pilot then tried
(twice) to radio Lakehurst on 142.74 MHz but without any success. The pilot then used another
frequency to ask for assistance from any other Navy aircraft in the vicinity. "The Commanding
Officer and his wingman in two F9F-2 (Panthers) answered, and set course for Lakehurst."

    During his radio transmissions the light made five to six passages by his aircraft and then
the light and the pilot’s aircraft began a left-hand orbiting flight. He began a 60 degree
climbing port (left) bank at 130 - 135 knots airspeed in order to gain altitude. But, much to his
consternation, "This light continued to turn about me in wider climbing turns, making about
two orbits to my one. " The pilot abandoned his climb upon reaching 11,500 feet altitude and
only maintained his orbit so as to keep the light in sight. By the time his Commanding Officer
arrived over McGuire AFB at 14,000 feet Lt. Haven turned his landing lights on bright and told
the other air crew that the light was at about 18,000 feet and still climbing. When the other two
jets arrived the object had risen to about 25,000 feet. Only the wingman of the other two jets
saw the light. (USAF investigation file; handwritten note by pilot)

7. September 15, 1951 Twilight UM 50 mi. W of Knoxville, Tennessee
    Pilot A.S., 34, was flying an Air Force C-45 from Standiford Field, Louisville, KY to Elgin
AFB, Florida on an IFR flight plan with his FO and five passengers on board. They were
cruising at 6,000 feet altitude west of Knoxville heading south when both pilots sighted "three
large glowing orange colored "balls" (approaching) in a (equilateral) triangular pattern, (there
was) no apparent connection between objects. (They were) first observed dead ahead (and) then
suddenly observed along side, moving at the same (forward) speed as my aircraft. (They)
streaked off as I dipped my left wing toward (the) formation." They were brilliant, emitting off
their own throbbing or flickering light, and their edges were fuzzy in appearance. Each object
subtended an angle of over twenty degrees at one point and never changed shape. They did not
break up into parts, give off smoke or vapor or change color. They all disappeared from sight
by becoming smaller and smaller. This incident is not in Project Grudge files. (Pilot report
form)

13. May 8, 1952 0227L UC 600 mi. off Jacksonville, Florida
   Pan-American Airlines Flight 203 from New York city to San Juan, Puerto Rico (heading
180 deg.) had just passed over the San Juan Oceanic Control boundary at 8,000 feet altitude
well off the coastline of Florida. At the controls of the DC-4 was Captain Cent and FO
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 27                                       T. Roe


Gallagher. A solid overcast above 10,000 feet and the sky was unusually dark because of it.
Since they had been informed that there were no other aircraft flying in the area they were not
being particularly alert for other traffic. The FO spotted a white light ahead and slightly to the
left of them as he turned to look out at their number four engine. It looked like a taillight on an
airplane and he was very surprised at its presence. It seemed much whiter than a normal tail
light. Then he looked at the number four engine and back at the light which had not changed
appearance in any way. Then he checked the propeller controls, synchronized the engine rpm,
and looked outside again. As Ruppelt writes, "In the few seconds that he had glanced away
from the light, it had moved to the right so that it was now directly ahead of the DC-4, and it
had increased in size." The FO then alerted the Captain to the light by pointing toward it. "Just
at that instant the light began to get bigger and bigger until it was "ten times the size of a
landing light of an airplane." It continued to close in and with a flash it streaked by the DC-4’s
left wing" by an estimated 1/8th to 1/4 mile. Then two smaller (orange) "balls of fire" streaked
by them. The two men just sat there with a "...sort of sick, empty feeling" all over. Captain Cent
(later) told the Air Force investigator, "I always thought these people who reported flying
saucers were crazy, but now I don’t know." The Air Force investigator on this case could not
find any records of missile, aircraft, or ocean going traffic at that time or location. Meteors also
were ruled out because of the overcast and low altitude. (Ruppelt, The Report on UFOs, Pg.
133-135, 1956)

16. July 13, 1952 0300L UC SW Washington, D.C.
    National Airlines DC-4 flight 611 was under the command of Captain W. Bruen and was
some sixty miles SW of National Airport and northbound from Jacksonville, FL. The sky was
clear with 15 miles visibility and only slight winds. The flight crew saw a "round ball of bluish-
white light... hovering to the west of the aircraft." The light then rose to the same altitude as the
aircraft (11,000 feet) and stopped its climb; it then began moving parallel with the aircraft’s
direction of flight off its left wing at the same speed. There were separated by about two miles
distance. When Captain Bruen turned on all of his lights the object "...took off up and away like
a star" at an estimated velocity of 1,000 mph. Neither the FAA nor the Air Force identified
other air traffic in the area nor other conditions which might account for the sighting. And
according to the official Air Force report of this incident, "no attempt to intercept or identify
the object, has been reported." The flight crew made this report in accordance with JANAP
146. (USAF Air Intelligence Report IR-410-52)

18. July 22, 1952 2200L UP 10 mi. W. of Crossett, Arkansas
    Private pilot A. Hanks was flying a light aircraft from Little Rock, Arkansas to Monroe,
Louisiana and had reached the state border almost due north of his destination. There he sighted
a "blood red star" some 2,000 feet higher than his own altitude approaching on his left-hand
side. It traveled in a generally SW direction at about 100 mph but unexpectedly changed its
course to parallel that of his aircraft (approx. heading of 175 degrees). He said (later to a
reporter), "I thought at first it was an illusion. To test my theory, I made a 90 degree right turn.
The "flying saucer" did the same. The thing followed my course for about 10 minutes, then
suddenly swooped down approximately 2,000 feet below my plane. At first, I believed it to be a
jet. After that swift drop, I changed my line of thinking." The red light followed his airplane
flying beneath it, then, several minutes later, it suddenly rose back 2,000 feet above him. Then
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 28                                        T. Roe


"it" began to accelerate at a tremendous rate of speed in its original SW heading. (Monroe, La.
World, July 25, 1952)

20. August 13, 1952 Night UP near Dallas, Texas
   This encounter was reported by Max Jacoby, Chief Pilot for Pioneer Airlines who, with
Captain J. McNaulty, FO, was flying an empty commercial aircraft on a routine test flight.
Unfortunately, not many details are given. When his aircraft was 15 to 25 miles from Love
Airfield, Jacoby spotted a strange looking light in the distance. He decided to chase it to find
out what it was. But each time he drew near to it "it eluded him and finally disappeared." The
light turned and dove down but the appearance of its body "...did not change when it turned... I
couldn’t tell whether it was just a light or a light coming from some object," he said. Jacoby
said he delayed telling about the incident "because he feared he would be ridiculed." (United
Press wire story, August 15, 1952)

23. December 4, 1952 2046-2053L UM 8 mi. SW, Laredo, Texas
    This very near-air miss event took place after Lt. Robert Arnold, piloting an Air Force T-28
aircraft had been carrying out a training flight for two hours. He was tired and radioed Laredo
tower for permission to land. But due to other conflicting air traffic he had to circle at 6,000
feet outside of the traffic pattern several miles away. Then he saw a bright bluish-white
glowing light source below him (at about normal traffic altitude) which climbed rapidly to his
level. It had no position or navigation lights of any kind. In order to keep it in sight he
"steepened his turn to the left." Then it suddenly rose to about 9,000 feet in several seconds and
dove back to his level. The astonished pilot then added full power and tried to chase the light.
At one point he realized that the object was flying straight toward him at such a high rate of
speed he didn’t have time to turn out of the way. As author Keyhoe (Pg. 26, 1954) described
the event, "Three hundred feet away, the machine wavered for a split second. Then it flashed to
one side, hurtling past his right wing, so fast it was only a blur." According to the Air Force’s
investigative report, at one point, "The object then turned Eastward and immediately descended
to the pilot’s altitude of 6,000’ again and proceeded Eastward until approximately 6 miles SE
of the base again and it seemed to stop as if it were hovering, going straight away or coming
straight toward the pilot’s aircraft. At this time the pilot added full power and proceeded
directly SE toward the object. The pilot’s intentions were merely curiosity. Approximately 2
seconds after this action was taken by the pilot, the object appeared to close at a terrific rate in a
head-on approach. At approximately 100 yards in front of the pilot’s a/c the object seemed to
waver slightly in a vertical plane as if determining on which side of his aircraft to pass. The
object passed very closely off the left wing of the a/c within 50 yards distance and the pilot
noted a blurred reddish-bluish haze of undetermined size and shape but definitely no larger than
his a/c. This action happened so rapidly that the pilot was unable to take any evasive action....
At this point, out of sheer fright, the pilot turned off all his running lights and spiraled steeply
to the left, keeping the object in sight and leveled off at 1500." The object then appeared to
level off from a descent towards the pilot’s aircraft, turned sharply to the right and then rose up
into the atmosphere until it was out of sight. Other intriguing details are omitted here except to
point out that the Air Technical Intelligence Center’s conclusion was that the pilot had seen
another aircraft! In a letter dated April 12, 1961 from the skeptic and noted astronomer, Dr.
Donald Menzel, to Maj. Robert Friend (ATIC) he wrote, "... I think he (the pilot) was still
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 29                                        T. Roe


seeing Venus." (USAF Blue Book file; Keyhoe, D., Flying Saucers from Outer Space.
Hutchinson, London, 1954)

25. February 13, 1953 2030L UM Vichy, Missouri
   The three witnesses to this pacing incident were Captain Robert Bailey, his FO, and the
crew chief of their C-47 Air Force aircraft. They were at 7,000 feet altitude, 170 kts. airspeed,
and on a heading of 43 degrees. The captain first sighted a small diameter, round light as they
neared the Vichy Radio Range Station. The light changed intensity and looked like it was on a
converging course (238 degree bearing from aircraft’s position) and would (eventually) collide
with their aircraft. He turned his landing lights on to try to signal to it and pointed it out to the
other two men present. The light then stopped its approach and flew off their left wing at an
estimated range of one mile while changing color from red through amber to green. After
between five and ten minutes the light dropped back, increased its speed, "... and made three
dives and zooms on a course parallel to that of the aircraft before disappearing." When
contacted about the sighting Vichy radio indicated no aircraft in that area. The official Air
Force explanation was that the three trained observers had been misled by the planet Venus.
(Gross, L. UFOs: A History, 1953, January - February, Pg. 83; USAF Blue Book file)

28. October 19, 1953 0010L UC 33 mi. NE Baltimore, Maryland
    An American Airlines DC-6 was en route to Washington, D.C. from Philadelphia at cruise
altitude (8,000 feet) just after midnight. The lights of Baltimore were clearly visible below and
to their right side. The FO first saw a light ahead of them which was alternately covered by
wisps of cloud and then visible again. It seemed to gleam in the moonlight. The object had no
running lights and was closing rapidly at their own altitude. Captain J. Kidd yelled, "Give him
the landing lights!" He also reduced his power. As soon as the FO had switched on their own
landing lights the oncoming object sent a "blinding light back at the DC-6." Now temporarily
blinded by the intense light the captain pushed forward on the control wheel and the aircraft
went into a rapid dive. "Caught unaware, the passengers were tossed about the cabin, several
suffering (minor) injuries." After he pulled out of the dive (at 5,000 feet) he angrily radioed to
Washington National Airport air traffic control to complain about the near miss. He was told
that "...no known air traffic was supposed to be in his vicinity and said medical personnel
would meet the plane upon arrival." Both crewmen said that the object was huge, at least as
large as their own aircraft. (Washington Post, October 20, 1953; Keyhoe, Flying Saucer
Conspiracy, Pp. 60-62)

30. March 25, 1954 1520L UM NE of Ft. Lauderdale, Florida
    Capt. Dan Holland, 33, was flying a U.S. Marine jet of the Third Marine Aircraft Wing at an
altitude of about 26,000 feet over the Air Force’s guided missile range near Banana River in the
afternoon. The flight of three aircraft he was a part of were passing to the east over the Atlantic
Ocean coast at Ft. Lauderdale when he sighted a "round unidentified object" about twice the
size of his own aircraft. It seemed to descend vertically out of the sky "like a falling star." Later
he said, "I moved out of the way - thought the thing was going to hit us, and called to the others
to look... It startled me by suddenly stopping 3 or 4 thousand feet above us. It looked like a
gleaming white ball with a gold ring around the lower 1/3 of the ball... Then the thing
accelerated faster than anything I’ve ever seen before and disappeared to the East at an amazing
speed in about 15 seconds. We were doing over 400 and it made us look slow. I always thought
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 30                                        T. Roe


anyone who said he saw a flying saucer should have his head examined, but I’m damned
convinced now that saucers exist."

   At one point he allegedly banked toward it and activated his gun camera but the UAP
suddenly flew away toward the east "at a tremendous speed." The other pilots in his flight who
were flying ahead of him did not see it. (UP wire story, News, Washington, DC, March 25,
1954)

32. June 23, 1954 2100L UM 10 mi. SE of Columbus, Ohio
    The pilot of an Ohio Air National Guard F-51 fighter, Lt. Harry Roe, Jr. was flying from
Dayton to Columbus, Ohio at 240 mph on routine training flight when he said he was "followed
in close formation by a (round, white) light for more than 30 minutes. He performed various
maneuvers in an attempt to either lose the light or collide with it; however, it remained in
relatively the same position to the aircraft ("a little above and behind him")." The sky was still
illuminated by some twilight but there was no moon. The unidentified light eventually departed
to the SE. During the sighting Lt. Roe thought he was seeing a jet aircraft but he never
observed any exhaust flame or light. The Air Force investigators concluded that he had seen a
light reflected into his eyes off the surface of his own canopy. Due to intense interest in the
case shown by the local press the Air Force carried out "a complete investigation." The results
of this complete investigation are not a part of the official Blue Book file, however. If the light
had been an Air Force aircraft they would have likely offered that explanation to the press.
(USAF Blue Book file)

34. November 19, 1954 2104L UC 130 mi. SE New Orleans
   A National Airlines flight (Aircraft N918) was at 17,500 feet altitude flying direct to Tampa,
FL. on a heading of about 105 degrees. The night was dark but forward visibility was not
particularly good (about 10 miles) when the flight crew saw a light flashing blue and white and
moving up and down and remained directly in front of their aircraft at an unknown distance.
They watched this phenomenon from between three to five minutes when it then disappeared
by moving to the NE until it was out of sight. Later the captain was contacted by Air Force
investigators and he claimed he had seen a star. This explanation is found wanting if the light
actually moved to the NE as the captain claimed. (USAF Blue Book file)

36. January 29, 1955 2107L UM Winterset, Iowa
    This sighting involved two air national guard pilots, Major A. Packer (132nd. Fighter
Bomber Group) and Lt. D. Myers in a T-33A jet (52-9590). It was a clear (100 mile visibility),
dark night. The Iowa ANG report stated that they were traveling on a heading of 030 degrees at
290 kts. near Des Moines, Iowa when they sighted a white light which varied in intensity at a
constant frequency and which subtended an angle of about 1.5 degrees arc. It made a direct,
head-on pass at the jet in level flight at 20,000 feet altitude. At the last instant the object rose
and flew over the jet, "climbing rapidly to 35,000 feet." When the pilot tried to chase the object
it out climbed and out turned him. The sighting lasted about 25 seconds. An Air Force
investigator wrote, "It would appear in retrospect that the object was able to maintain contact
with the observer aircraft by other than visual means...". "The object was highly maneuverable
and showed some understanding of tactical maneuvers and used the excess speed and altitude
to his advantage in every case." (USAF Project 10073 Record Card and file)
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                  Page 31                                       T. Roe


37. February 1, 1955 0655L UM 20 mi. E. Cochise, Arizona
   An instructor pilot and his student in a TB-25 bomber (44-86894) were in level flight at
13,000 feet altitude on airway Green 5 under a bright moonlit night sky. Their ground speed
was 238 mph. Then they saw a very bright, round object showing red and white hues about five
degrees arc above the local horizon. At one point it subtended an angle of between six and ten
degrees arc diameter. It approached them and hovered off their left wing for about five minutes
before departing at an "extremely high speed" in a steady climb maintaining its parallel track (it
took about three minutes to disappear from sight). This is another USAF Unidentified object.
(USAF Blue Book file)

39. December 11, 1955 2100L UC,UM Jacksonville, Florida
   The crews of two separate airlines and witnesses on the ground saw a "fast-maneuvering,
round, orange-red object." When two U.S. Navy jets (on a practice night-flying mission) were
vectored to the area by a Jacksonville NAS controller they tried to approach it. But the object
suddenly rose up to 30,000 feet altitude and then dove back down in a circle, buzzing the jets.
Everything was detected on military radar. (Hall, The UFO Evidence, pg. 32, 1964)

41. August 16, 1956 0145L UC Azores (Atlantic)
   This near miss incident took place at 4,000 feet altitude while Eastern Airlines flight 49
(DC-4) was en route to Laguardia, NY from POU. Their westerly heading carried them over
the Atlantic Ocean. The flight crew sighted the strange light for from 20 - 25 minutes time and
then radioed a near miss with the "bright white light" which was seen initially to the west of
their course. According to the CIRVIS report (No. 170232Z) received through New York
ARTCC," the object passed within 40 ft. of aircraft coming in from above and below. The
meaning of this is unclear but suggests multiple passes made by the UAP. The pilot took
"evasive action" according to the report.

43. November 14, 1956 2210L UC 60 miles from Mobile, Alabama
    This close encounter received wide press coverage and intensive investigation and still
remains as a classic example. Captain W. Hull had 17 years of flying experience and 15,000
hours flying time when he and his FO Peter MacIntosh were flying Capital Airlines flight 77
from Laguardia Airport, NY to Mobile, Alabama in a Viscount aircraft. Their heading was to
the SSW and they were above a cloud layer only broken occasionally. Then they saw what
looked like a "brilliant meteor" falling diagonally downward from left to right. The light
decelerated rapidly but did not burn out or explode as they had expected. Rather, it came to an
abrupt halt directly ahead of them. Hull said, "It was an intense blue-white light, approximately
7 or 8 times as bright as Venus when this planet is at its brightest magnitude. Pete shouted,
"What the hell is it, a jet?" His first thought, of course, was that the object was a diving jet
fighter which had turned sharply away from us and in departing, was giving us a view right up
its glowing tailpipe. Instantly I knew that could not possibly be an airplane. "

   Captain Hull then radioed Mobile Control Tower asking about their visibility of his aircraft
and the strange light. They cannot due to the cloud cover. He went on, "It is directly ahead of us
and at about our altitude, or slightly higher. We are right over Jackson, Alabama and have
descended to 10,000 feet." He then requested that Mobile contact the USAF tower at Brookley
Field some 20 miles to the SE to see if their military radar showed anything. "Just after this
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                  Page 32                                       T. Roe


exchange, the object began to maneuver. It darted hither and yon, rising and falling in
undulating flight, making sharper turns than any known aircraft, sometimes changing directions
90 degrees in an instant. All the while the color remained constant, a brilliant blue-white, and
the object did not grow or lessen in size. MacIntosh and I sat there completely flabbergasted at
this unnerving exhibition." Very soon thereafter the light "...began another series of crazy
gyrations, lazy 8’s, square chandelles, all the while weaving through the air with a sort of
rhythmic, undulating cadence, the likes of which neither Pete nor I had ever seen." The light
then "shot out over the Gulf of Mexico, rising at the most breathtaking angle and at such a
fantastic speed that it diminished rapidly to a pinpoint and was swallowed up in the night."
Captain Hull completed his signed statement with these words, "I am seeking no publicity. I
didn’t report this sighting to the press and not a word has ever been printed about it until this
moment." (Hull, W.J., Personal statement, 1957; USAF Blue Book file, reel 27)

45. March 9, 1957 0345L UC Atlantic Ocean, NE Jacksonville, Florida
    Capt. Matthew A. Van Winkle, First Officer (FO) Dion W. Taylor, and Flight Engineer (FE)
John Washuta were flying Pan-American DC-6 flight 257 with forty four passengers from New
York to San Juan, Puerto Rico. They were on autopilot flying at 19,000 feet altitude, 290 kts.
airspeed and were about 350 miles NE of Jacksonville, FL [ 32 deg. 35’N; 80 deg. 30’ W].
Bound for a stop in Miami, the aircraft was on a southerly heading. Suddenly to their right front
all three flight crewmen sighted a glaring, white, dazzling light with a pale-green tinged (core)
with "an outer ring which reflected the glow from the center." (NICAP report) It approached
them at high speed. Several passengers who weren’t asleep also saw the approaching light. The
light source was variously described as a "round," "large, glaring spot light," "magnesium-flash
white," "burning greenish-white appearance," "brilliant, greenish-white object," "clearly
circular-shaped object," "not a meteor." "When it got closer," (Van Winkle) said, "he had
noticed it was not shaped like any known jet." (UP wire story, March 9, 1957)

    "It appeared to fly in level flight from the SW to the NE Capt. Van Winkle later said,
"Instinctively, I thought it might be another plane heading straight toward us (so) I pulled the
plane up and to the side... Since it was on automatic pilot, apparently I forced it too much and
all the forty-four passengers except one or two who had belts fastened, came out of their seats
and rolled on the floor." (Ibid.) Another account stated that three passengers and a stewardess
were injured when the pilot "took violent evasive action" climbing sharply about 1,500 feet to
avoid a possible collision with the object. The air crew radioed a CIRVIS report (following
Joint Chiefs of Staff regulation J-146). According to Air Force report UFOB-702-101, their
investigators found that the luminous object was roundish (sic) or oval in outline and the
angular size of a basketball held at arm’s length, or about 20 degrees diameter! It appeared
"bright green" with four exhausts protruding downward, the angular length of each being about
one-fourth the diameter of the object.

   The pilots of at least seven other aircraft spanning 300 miles all en route to Puerto Rico also
saw the luminous object with sightings that ranged from seconds to three minutes. Air Force
officials said that it was not a missile but rather a "seldom-seen form of a meteor, a ‘bolide,’
often referred to as a fireball." (USAF Blue Book Report). Interestingly, an article in the New
York Journal - American stated that an unofficial report said a jet intercept task force
accompanied by a radar plane was sent aloft to investigate from a strategic air command fighter
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 33                                      T. Roe


base in the south. Reports from the air crew of the other six aircraft flying along the same route
to Puerto Rico also were analyzed by Air Force investigators.

46. March 27, 1957 2035L UM Roswell, New Mexico
    The pilot of an Air Force C-45 (Lt. Sontheimer) was flying near Roswell at an unknown
altitude when he looked out his left-hand window and noticed three bright lights in a tight
formation. Each was round and brilliant white and about the angular size of an aircraft landing
light (at an unspecified distance). His official USAF report submitted to the Project Blue Book
office stated: "The pilot of the C-45 claims that when he realized the objects were on a collision
course with him he immediately flashed his taxi lights on. One of the objects shot straight up in
the air above him the other two continued on passed in front of aircraft. When the pilot flashed
his taxi lights the objects immediately blacked themselves out thereby disappearing from
sight." (USAF Blue Book files)

47. June 3, 1957 2135L UC Shreveport, Louisiana
    Trans-Texas Airlines flight 103 had departed Shreveport Airport headed for Lake Charles,
166 miles to the south. They were climbing to 9,000 feet altitude in the dark night sky when the
control tower operator called the Captain’s attention to a small white light nearby the airplane.
Its captain was Lynn Kern, 34, and FO, Abbey Zimmerman, 32. The time was about 2135L.
The pilots saw an "unidentified object" approaching them from their 2 o’clock position "at a
tremendous speed and 10 o’clock high. It then "...settled down and paralleled his course all the
way to Lake Charles. Soon a second object appeared on the opposite side of his aircraft. Each
appeared as a blue-green pulsating light and kept pace with their aircraft which was flying at
165 mph.; these objects paced the airplane for virtually its entire trip at a slightly higher
altitude. "Captain Kern blinked his lights at the objects, objects lights flared extremely bright
then went back to normal." Upon reaching Converse, LA the pilot radioed ground radar at
England AFB (Alexandria, LA) and reported the objects. Air Force personnel said that they had
two targets in his approximate area at 9,700 feet. A radar controller stated that since he saw
"...nothing unusual about (the) sighting." he did not file a report. The Air Force summary
pointed out that there was heavy B-47 aerial refueling operations in the area at the time.
Interestingly, a tower operator at Shreveport Municipal Airport viewed both objects through
binoculars until the aircraft and accompanying objects were out of sight. The lights disappeared
from sight in a cloud deck to the SW. This report is one of the USAF’s Unidentified Cases.
(USAF Blue Book file)

54. July 4, 1961 2215L UP NW of Akron, Ohio
   Private pilot Ernest Stadvec, a B-29 bomber pilot in WW-2 and owner of a flying service
had strange encounters on two consecutive nights. He was flying NW of Akron with two
passengers on Tuesday night, July 4th at about 2215 local time when they saw a brilliant green
and white light appearing above them and to their right side. They were at 5,000 feet altitude.
He said, "The object we saw dived at us on a collision course to the extent that I actually called
out to my passengers that the object was going to ram us... After the object came at us it
reversed course and climbed rapidly into a clear night sky." He went on, "This happened again
the next night [about the same time and altitude] when the object flashed up in front of us and
again climbed into a clear sky. In both instances, the object climbed at tremendous speeds,
leveled off and disappeared to the northwest." Radar at Cleveland Hopkins Airport detected a
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 34                                      T. Roe


"meteor-like" object for several minutes. (Hall, R., The UFO Evidence. pg. 43, NICAP, Wash.
D.C., 1964)

55. February 7, 1963 2345L UP Charlottesville, Virginia
   Carl Chambers, pilot, and his passenger John Campbell were about 95 miles SW of
Washington, DC en route to Pennsylvania in a light aircraft when they noted a star like light in
the night sky which seemed to be flying toward them. After his encounter the pilot estimated
the yellow-white light was about three feet in diameter. Concerning its flight dynamics he
wrote, "After noting that its altitude and position changed rapidly, I radioed the Washington
FAA and reported the incident.... For nearly an hour after, we stayed in contact with
Washington. During that time, the object hovered off the right wing [easterly] and moved
toward, under, and above the aircraft. Then it dropped off and a few minutes later appeared
about 35 miles south of Washington...". Chambers was told by the FAA that another pilot in the
area had reported a similar event at that time. (Hall, The UFO Evidence, NICAP, Pg. 43, 1964)

56. August 18, 1964 0529L UM 200 miles E. Dover (Atlantic Ocean)
    This USAF Project Blue Book air-visual case is interesting because of the apparently
intelligent responsive behavior of the UAP to the behavior of the pilots of a C-124 cargo
(aircraft 31007 assigned to the 31st. ATS, 1607 ATW). Briefly, at least four crew members on
a flight out of Dover AFB at 9,000 feet altitude, 200 mph true airspeed, sighted a round,
diffuse-edged self-luminous object ahead of and about 500 feet below them on a collision
course. The object was visible for about two minutes as they were flying between layers of
scattered clouds. Lt. J. F. Jonke and a Major who were in control executed an evasive
maneuver, turning from 260 degree heading to 340 degree heading while maintaining their
altitude. As the airplane turned the UAP turned right and disappeared. They called Boston
Center and were told no other aircraft were in the area and no radar contact was made with the
other object. [AF IN : 10417 (20 Aug 64)E/der] (Unclassified: RUEASB 118)

58. April 25, 1966 2052L UP Near Ocala, Florida
    Captain Fred Sharrer, Herbert Bates (FO), Frank Stockton, (executive assistant to the
Governor of Florida), Governor Haydon Burns, Capt. Nathan Sharron, State Patrol Officer,
four newspaper reporters, and three others were the witnesses to this prolonged close encounter
at 6,000 feet altitude. They were in a Convair, propeller driven aircraft flying at 230 mph
during a campaign-related flight. It was a clear, moonlit night. Two yellow-orange luminous
spheres of light side-by-side (dumbbell shape) kept exact pace on the right side of their aircraft
for about forty miles distance during their flight from Orlando to the Capital at Tallahassee.
Passengers in the rear of the airplane saw the luminous globes for from three to five minutes
while the flight crew watched them for about ten minutes duration. At one point Governor
Burns asked his pilot to "turn into it." As the pilot did so the thing rose at a steep angle and
quickly disappeared from sight. Its distance from the airplane wasn’t determined but some of
those on board estimated the UAP to be at a near distance while others at a great distance.
(Clearwater (Fl.) Sun, April 26, 1966; Kalamazoo Gazette, April 27, 1966)

63(a). September 15, 1968 0031L UP Gulf Mexico, W of Cross City, Florida
   Two men were flying in a Twin Beech C45H (N36H) at about 9,500 feet altitude on a
heading of 120 degrees over the Gulf of Mexico. Mr. Ray Cole, 39, was a missionary pilot. His
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 35                                        T. Roe


passenger was a Ray Rushing, also a pilot. Cole was flying from Dallas, TX to Nassau and had
stopped in New Orleans to pick up his passenger. The witnesses reported two separate
sightings. Upon reaching a point several miles from the Florida coast in perfectly clear weather
they first sighted a light at their altitude which Cole first thought was a jet trainer, a single pale
green light that flashed at less than one pulse per second (perhaps a brief flicker every other
second) with an intensity equivalent to an aircraft landing light seen from five to eight miles
away. The light "would go straight up and then over the top and straight down to maybe 500 -
1000 feet below us, below our altitude..." said Cole in a recorded interview soon after the event.
The light did not seem to follow an arc at the top or bottom of its motion but went "straight up
and then straight down and then straight back up again." With the aircraft flying at 200 mph
true this part of the sighting took place over a distance of about 50 miles and yet the light
maintained the same apparent distance ahead of the airplane. The UAP departed by turning
about ten degrees right (relative to the aircraft’s heading) and climbed at a 15 degree elevation
angle until it was out of sight.

   "I was on an instrument flight plan, and it irritated me because Jacksonville Center had not
warned me of this traffic. And so I called them and I said, "Have you got traffic at our twelve
o’clock position?" And he said, "Negative." But the ATC personnel there "were very
interested." We were exactly 12 miles DME from Ocala at that time.

63(b). approx. 0045L
   Then the second phase of this encounter took place. Cole noticed not only the lights of
Ocala ahead of him but also a very bright white light that was below his altitude (estimated at
5,000 feet AGL). Cole asked Jacksonville Center if they had traffic over Ocala and they replied
"negative." Following is the pilot’s narrative.

    "And I said, "Well, we have a bright light there," and in the same transmission I said, "And
he’s moving toward us," and then I just hollered at the microphone, "We’re on a collision
course," and threw the microphone down (sic) to try to take evasive action. This one moved
directly at us. And I was quite certain that we had been victimized by a sidewinder, [an air-to-
air missile] because, and both of us, it scared us to death. We were ready to leave the airplane,
if we could have. But the thing came straight at us and I’d say at a distance of, I don’t know,
maybe two miles, you can’t tell those distances at night, but he made an instantaneous 90
degree left turn and at our altitude. [Note: This turn prevented the object from colliding with
the airplane according to the pilot] Well, I wouldn’t say just, he was maybe 500 feet below us."
Then the UAP descended and receded away from us. "...at that point I knew it wasn’t a missile
because they have no control...". "It went a distance, I told them, 15 miles, but I couldn’t tell
the distance. It went some distance west of Ocala and he just parked out there, and sat there
(shining steadily), and we flew on past it." As the light departed it flashed with the same pale
green color as the first one. "...I looked diligently for any aircraft identification type of lights,
and there were none." Also, the light was so angularly large that it appeared not as a point but
as a circle at all times during this sighting. Other interesting facts are not included here to save
space. (Transcript of witness interview by J. A. Hynek, September 1968; USAF Form 117)

67. November 1970 Night UC 70 mi. S New York City
   FO Kenneth Duncan was flying a B-737 jet at FL240 when he and the captain spotted a
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 36                                        T. Roe


"bizarre pale blue light.... It wasn’t blinding but it was changing intensity at a beat per second....
It looked like a semi-round sphere. We thought that it was another plane and what really upset
us most was that it looked like it would strike our aircraft. The UFO was between one-half and
three miles from us. It stabilized at our speed and altitude. Then it accelerated and made a 90
degree turn across our front and disappeared over the ocean in just a few seconds. We were
flying at 480 knots and the UFO’s speed was up to eight times greater. I’ve never seen anything
like it before or since," he said. (Press release, Feb. 8, 1977)

68. February 1, 1971 1910L UP 10 mi. E Douglas, Georgia
    Will Burt, 36, was piloting a Piper PA-28-180 with a passenger (also a pilot) in the right
front seat from Rome to Waycross, GA when this event took place. They were on a heading of
115 degrees, an altitude of 3,500 feet, and about 25 to 30 miles NW of their destination airport
under dark skies. In the pilots own words, "my right seat passenger called my attention to a
large red ball like object about 1000 or 1500 yards away off the right wing at the same alt. I
can’t remember if there was a moon out at that hour, but the weather was clear. The object stay
(sic) right with me off the right wing with every heading and alt (sic) change." This encounter
lasted about five minutes before the light "just disappeared." The light was bright red with
"orange shades of yellow" in it. It subtended about eleven degrees arc diameter and never
changed shape, never flickered or broke apart, never gave off smoke or vapor. No E-M effects
or buffeting was experienced. (Pilot report form)

70. April 12, 1973 2230L UP 20 Mi. N. Farmington, Missouri
    This near miss incident involved a commercially rated pilot, Kenneth Pingle, 23, and his
passenger Marvin Colyer who was also a licensed pilot. They were in a Piper Cherokee flying
at 3,500 feet altitude (under 150 mph) toward the Farmington airport when they saw a "strange
light off the left wing tip." Pingle said the light was bright white with an occasional orange
tinge; it "...seemed to give off heat waves." The circular shaped object did not seem to spin as it
paced the small aircraft at the same forward velocity as both approached the north runway at
Farmington. Then they saw a white beam of light emanate from the object. Pingle also said that
the object had moved directly ahead of his aircraft on final approach so he added full power
and performed a go-around maneuver. He said, "It looked like it was moving at us at a high rate
of speed, so I pulled back up and flew toward it. It immediately stopped, reversed its direction
and flew away from us at a high rate of speed." The pilot then changed his mind about landing
and chased the aerial object for several miles at full speed before it disappeared into the dark
night sky. Both pilot witnesses were experienced in night flying. Pingle said, "This was
definitely not a star or any kind of airplane...." Other witnesses on the ground also reported
seeing the strange light that same night. (UFO Investigator, Pg. 2, June 1973, Center for UFO
Studies, Chicago, Ill.)

75. January 7, 1978 2000L UC N. of Grand Canyon, Arizona
   Capt. Leonard H. was flying a commercial flight to the NE from Phoenix to Salt Lake City,
Utah at 35,000 feet altitude. Although the sky was perfectly clear he and his FO noticed a broad
sky glow visible over "most of the western sky." "The glow approached the aircraft rapidly, in a
period of about 30 seconds the glow lighted the airplane on the outside and (also) lit up the
cockpit on the inside.... as this glow approached the airplane, a sphere was in the center of the
glow. A sphere that appeared to be about the (angular) size of the moon when it comes over the
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 37                                       T. Roe


horizon. And at this particular time the moon was half full, directly overhead. And so this had
nothing to do with the moon, but it did appear to be something like the moon in that light
metallic coloring with a little bit of mottled effect. And this object came in at 90 degrees to us
(on the left side) and it stopped about a quarter of a mile away from the aircraft.... And it paced
us -- we were traveling along at normal jet cruise speed of about 600 miles an hour." Capt. H.
called Los Angeles ATC to ask if they had a report of "any glowing objects in the sky. ATC’s
immediate return was "We have a rocket off of Vandenburg." I said, "This is no rocket. Do you
have anything else?" They said, "No, you’re cleared to Salt Lake control"." Capt. H. then called
Salt Lake control who gave him the same basic information. He then stated, "And about this
time, this object started to recede from our position and angled up about 45 degrees and
disappeared, in about 5 seconds. And the next day I called the FAA and asked them if they
wanted a report. They said there was no agency at this time taking reports of this nature. And
that was the end of the incident." (Interview by J. Timmerman, CUFOS, June 17, 1989)
[Author’s comment: Once again, we find disinterest on the part of FAA officials with no
follow-up. It is little wonder that pilots feel disinclined to report such encounters.]

76. January 15, 1978 1910L UP 22 mi. N. Louisville, Kentucky
   This event took place at 5,500 feet altitude when an instructor pilot and his girlfriend were
flying in a single engine ‘Sundowner’ from Evansville, IN to Cincinnati, OH. While above
Washington County, IN (approximately half-way to their destination, nearing Interstate 65) the
private pilot was the first to spot two bright lights approaching them directly. The separation
distance could not be determined. Then the antics began. One of the lights flew horizontally
away from the other and "made a perfect circle, and then another, while remaining at the same
distance... (this) continued for several minutes, then the animated object became brighter,
looking like a "blob" and began what appeared to the pilot to head in a collision course with the
Sundowner. As the blob came menacingly closer, the pilot, fearful of collision dove his craft
down 1,000 feet. In an instant, the white blob streaked overhead and out of view." Upon
landing in Cincinnati the pilot phoned the Standiford Control Tower in Louisville (about 25
miles S of their encounter) and learned that there had been no confirmed radar contacts at that
time. They had received phone calls from people who had seen a UFO in that general area,
however. (Ridge, F.L., Regional Encounters - The 1994 FC Files, Mt. Vernon, Indiana)

79. June 11, 1978 1315L UP North central Los Angeles, California
    Private pilot and flight instructor Robert W. was flying a Cessna 150 with a student (A.S.)
near the Mt. Wilson observatory NE of Los Angeles in calm air. There was heavy smog below
him and bright sunlight above. Horizontal visibility was about 15 miles. The outside air
temperature was 70 - 80 deg. F. Here is the pilot’s own story. "I witnessed a small ovoid shaped
object fly literal circles around our aircraft. I first spotted the object underneath us on a
northeasterly heading and about 500 ft. below our altitude (5,000 ft. MSL). At first I saw the
overhead sunlight reflect off it and thought it was a reflection off something on the surface.
After a few seconds I realized that it was definitely a small spherical aircraft travelling at a
speed of about 200 - 300 mph. My student, who was on his third lesson, though it was a balloon
but I have never seen a balloon maneuver at high speeds and maintain a constant altitude in
calm air. I turned right to follow the object and by the time I turned it was climbing to my
altitude and was on a westerly course in a matter of seconds. It went by us very fast and turned
in front of us to the south at a range of about 2 - 3,000 feet. Then it took up an easterly heading
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 38                                       T. Roe


on our left doing a complete circle around us quite a few times."

"On one of the object’s easterly passes... I could see that it definitely was a solid metallic
aircraft of ovoid shape having a definite axis about which it moved... with a continuous highly
reflective surface with no visible seams, markings, bolts.... (it) was no more than 3 ft. in length
and slightly smaller in height. When it turned it banked on its axis much like a conventional
aircraft, however, it had no wings or any visible means of propulsion." When the pilot radioed
Ontario approach control he was told they had no radar contact with any unidentified traffic "...
only our transponder reply," he said. He (later) discovered from tower personnel that they had
no knowledge of any weather balloons being released. No buffeting was ever experienced.
(Pilot report form)

80. August 27, 1978 1340L UP 10 mi. NNW Provincetown, Massachusetts
    Mr. Arthur Silva, 55, and a passenger, Harold Johnson, 62, had just taken off from Beverly
Airport, Mass. and were above Massachusetts Bay heading for Provinctown, Massachusetts on
the tip of Cape Cod. They were flying in a Cessna 150 (N5907G). Visibility was reported as 15
miles with thin scattered clouds at 25,000 feet and the wind was at 10 kts. from the ESE. Soon
after reaching their cruising altitude Silva received an ATC (Logan International Airport,
Boston) warning of traffic near him at his 8 o’clock position but neither witness saw anything.
The unknown traffic did not respond to ATC radio calls. Then, at about 1340 EDT, they saw an
object thought to be some four miles directly ahead of them at their altitude of 2,500 feet (sic).
As they closed on the object the veiling atmospheric haze effect was reduced and it became
visually darker than before. They also noticed it had a "vague (oval) outline" with no wings,
and was not a helicopter or other known type of airplane. The UAP suddenly began moving
faster than a helicopter and looked like it was heading directly toward them. "Silva wondered
why ATC was not warning him." It passed them at about 600 mph an estimated 1,000 feet
away on their right side. The object was seen clearly as it passed. It was spherical in form with
a silvery-white metallic surface (like "burnished aluminum"). "Johnson had the impression that
it could have been an upended silver disc, some of which seemed translucent." Silva radioed
ATC informing them of the near miss and they confirmed that their radar had shown that traffic
had just passed him. Fowler, the field investigator systematically eliminated all of the known or
suspected aeronautical objects from consideration. (Fowler, R.E., The MUFON UFO J., No.
129, Pp. 5-7, August 1978).

85. February 9, 1981 2240L UP San Jose, California
   Two young pilots (Gary Rounds and passenger C.S.) were in a Cessna 150 (N16032) doing
touch-and-go practice flights at San Jose International Airport under warm, calm-air conditions.
After touching down on one of their landing approaches, adding full power, and climbing
through 600 feet MSL, both witnesses spotted "another aircraft entering the (right-hand) traffic
pattern." Its estimated altitude at that moment was about 1,700 feet and Rounds, who was
flying, extended his upwind leg to avoid a collision. In his own words, "As the other aircraft
paralleled me, I turned crosswind. As I was turning downwind, the aircraft turned toward my
plane. It flew over mine and then fell into a position behind my plane. We got the best look at it
while it was flying over. The object was red and very large. It seemed to be a light that pulsated
as a heart would go in and out. It was also very bright" Passenger C.S., also a licensed pilot,
provided much the same information, independently, with the addition of the following: The
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 39                                       T. Roe


unidentified object stayed about 800 feet above us. It appeared to be about ten feet in diameter
and was extremely bright." ATC personnel at the San Jose airport tower also saw the red light,
timed the incident (two to three minutes), and helped the pilot cope with the near-miss
overflight. The pilot and his passenger "stopped looking (at it) after tower advised (us that)
traffic was no (further safety) factor." After interviewing both ATC tower personnel and the
two young men it was clear to me that, since the identity of the red object could not be
determined, no one was going to officially report this incident. Fortunately (for me) a
newspaper reporter found out about the event and wrote an article about it in the San Jose
Mercury News soon thereafter. (Pilot report form)

89. February 20, 1985 2000L UC Charleston, West Virginia
    This interesting close encounter involved one "large white circle" which paced the
commercial airplane and then performed three separate 360 deg. vertical CW loops around the
Beechcraft King Air TC263 while remaining in formation, i.e., while matching the aircraft’s
forward velocity. Capt. Mark Savage, 63, and his FO were carrying eight passengers all of
whom watched the unidentified object hover some distance off their right wing for between
five and eight minutes. The Captain had 4,100 hrs. flying time in this type aircraft. The King
Air was at 19,000 feet altitude (MSL), 210 mph IAS, and 260 mph (DME) ground speed. Only
stars were visible as there was no moon and the aircraft was flying above a solid under cast.
One by one, passengers in the rear of the airplane asked the Captain various questions about
helicopter flight behavior. Only then did he and his FO see the "bright white light" beside them.
He radioed to Atlanta Center to ask about traffic in the area and was told there was none. It was
then that the "light" made one full, 360 deg. CW horizontal orbit around his airplane. It then
made two more identical loops (each about ten seconds apart) while staying abreast of the two
engine aircraft at all times. He estimated each loop’s diameter to be from 4,000 to 5,000 feet.
Its flight path would have been a symmetrical (constant radius) corkscrew. The UFO then
accelerated very rapidly to the south and disappeared from sight. No air turbulence or unusual
electromagnetic effects were experienced at any time and the unidentified light source did not
flicker, change shape, break apart, give off a trail, change colors, or stand still. He estimated its
diameter to be about 1.2 degrees arc. (Pilot report form)

98. August 13, 1959 1600L UP Roswell and Corona, New Mexico
   Jack Goldsberry was piloting his Cessna 170 on a heading of 313 degrees from Hobbs to
Albuquerque, New Mexico on business at 8,000 feet altitude and 135 mph. He was a former
Navy PBY pilot during WW-2 with about 6,000 hrs. flight time. The weather was warm, clear
and calm with unlimited visibility. Suddenly his Magnesyn compass needle began to rotate
slowly through 360 degrees over a four to five second period. He looked outside to try to orient
himself relative to known landmarks, thinking that his aircraft had flown off course. Then he
checked his second (magnetic) compass and noticed that it was "spinning crazily" Its needle
was spinning so fast he could not read it! It was only then that he caught sight of something
through his windshield.

   Goldsberry saw three elliptical-shaped, gray, fuzzy-edged objects in "close echelon
formation" moving from left to right directly ahead of him. The lead object was low and the
next two were successively higher. Their outline shape was almost round and were from ten to
twenty feet in diameter. He thought their distance was from 150 to 200 yards from him and
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 40                                       T. Roe


each object had a diameter of about 2.5 degrees arc and left a short "wispy trail" behind them.
As he watched them fly completely around him in a horizontal plane he noted that the needle of
his Magnesyn compass pointed at them. The three UAP circled his aircraft three times while
maintaining the same rigid formation and then disappeared somewhere behind him. Then he
noted that his Magnesyn compass was, again, pointing in the correct direction. Finally, his
magnetic compass also settled down and pointed correctly. The postscript to this event is
equally familiar.

   When the pilot radioed the air traffic controller at Albuquerque he asked if there was a
procedure for reporting a UFO. As soon as he admitted he had seen something unusual he was
instructed to land at Kirtland AFB (south of Albuquerque) immediately; his flight plan was
canceled. After landing at the air base he was escorted to an office and interrogated for several
hours by an officer who handled UFO sighting reports for that base. As he left he was told "to
say nothing of the incident to anyone except (to) his wife." The Major said that if he should
experience "anything unusual" (e.g., felt ill) within the next six months to immediately go to a
U.S. government hospital for treatment. Fortunately, no such symptoms showed up. (other
details are found in the NICAP file) See Haines, (1999) for details of a very similar event
which took place on August 13, 1976 in northern Germany.

101. March 12, 1977 2105L UC S of Syracuse, New York
   This unexpected UAP event involved an uncommanded heading change of a United Airlines
DC-10 (flight 94) from San Francisco to Boston’s Logan International Airport at FL370. The
jumbo jet was flying at 275 kts. indicated airspeed on airway J-94. The FO, H.E., 45, was
flying and had coupled the number 2 autopilot to the "to" radial heading (288 degrees) from the
Albany VOR ahead of them. Suddenly the airplane started a gradual, smooth (15 degree bank
angle) turn to the left by itself. Within five to ten seconds both captain Neil Daniels, 57, and the
FO turned and looked to their left side and saw an "extremely bright white light at about their
own altitude." It was perfectly round and was almost three degrees arc in apparent diameter.
Captain Daniels estimated its distance to be about 1,000 yards and probably as big or bigger
than a DC-10 in size. Its intensity was like that of a flashbulb, viz., very very great. Then
Boston center called them and asked, "United 94, where are you going?" Capt. Daniels replied,
"Well, let me figure this out. I’ll let you know." Then they noticed that "the three compasses
were all displaying different readings. The FO’s compass was within twenty degrees arc of the
compass in front of the captain and was not rotating. It was then that the FO uncoupled the
autopilot and flew the airplane manually. Meanwhile, the UAP "followed right along with us"
for about four or five more minutes then "it took off and picked up speed very rapidly and just
disappeared, over about fifteen seconds, back towards our 8:00 o’clock position and slightly
upward." Captain Daniels asked ATC if they had any radar traffic in the area and they replied,
"no." He told me later, "So whatever it was, we don’t know. But it did cause a disruption in the
magnetic field around the aircraft to the point where it did pull the aircraft off course." It may
be noted that the magnetic sensor that provided the input to the FO’s compass was located on
the tip of the left wing nearest the UAP. The sighting was not reported. Other details are found
elsewhere (Sturrock, Pp. 199-199, 1998) (Pilot report form)

102. November 18, 1977 2117L UP 50 mi. W of St. Louis, Missouri
  Private pilot Gregory Barnett and two passengers (both asleep) were in a Seneca 2 (1975) en
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 41                                      T. Roe


route from Vichy to Troy, MO and were almost due west of St. Louis on a heading of 60
degrees flying at 13,000 feet altitude. The aircraft had just completed a 100 hour check.
Unexpectedly, he saw a brilliant white light was behind, above, and to his right side. It seemed
to accelerate ahead on a parallel course until it reached his 2 o’clock position where it slowed
to his speed and remained for three minutes before moving away at high speed. During the
pacing the pilot said (later), "I pressed IDENT (on transponder no. 1) and nothin’ happened... I
turned on my other transponder and nothing happened. It was really weird. Then it took off on
a one-twenty, one-thirty heading. It shot out of my eyesight... (then) the second one
(transponder) started working OK... I never could get the first one to work again." No radio
static was experienced at any time and his DME continued to work fine throughout this
incident. It should be noted that one of his two transponders stopped operating several hours
before this UAP sighting for some unknown reason. (NUFORC Case No. 1027-77) (Pilot
report form and taped interview)

103. May 26, 1979 0005L UP S. Central Utah
    James Gallagher had left Blackfoot, Idaho before midnight and was at 10,000 feet altitude in
his light airplane just south of the Challis National Forest intent upon landing at Friedman
Memorial Airport, Hailey at Idaho, 14 miles south of Sun Valley. In his own words, "I looked
up in front of me and saw these five orange objects in a horizontal formation in front of me and
then they tilted - like an airplane would dip its wings - and I thought it was (lights on) some
kind of aircraft. Then they spread out and I knew damn well it wasn’t an aircraft." At one point
the objects regrouped, formed a vertical line, then moved around randomly, apparently coming
closer (to me). Then all five came to the left side of the aircraft... "my magnetic compass started
spinning and my ADF [automatic direction finder] started spinning. At that point they were in a
straight line formation and then they just blinked out... I did have trouble receiving on the radio
because of heavy static and my engine started running rough.." It is also of interest to note that
a Braniff flight crew also reported seeing orange objects below their altitude that same morning
(0240L) while flying at 35,000 feet altitude only 120 miles south of Gallagher’s sighting and
again at 0253L when they were some 70 miles NW of Ogden, Utah. Ground radar also tracked
the objects during this encounter. (Hall, Pp. 21-22, 2000)

105. March 1, 1986 2030L UP Western Washington (state)
   An instructor pilot and his student (Shawn Kiaer) were flying near Snoqualamie Pass east of
Seattle at 2030 when they both noticed two spheres approaching them on a collision course.
The pilot "went into evasive action to avoid the collision. After the pilots had leveled off, two
objects turned around and started to follow their plane. The instructor pilot tried to his radio
and said it was inoperative due to heavy static. The pilot said that one object was on one side of
the wing and one on the other. The objects then accelerated at phenomenal speeds heading due
west... at which time the pilot’s radio became operative again." (Goudie, D., MUFON UFO J.,
pg. 13, July 1986)

106. December 22, 1977 0400L UP Bay City, Texas
   William Lupinski was flying a light plane from Alice, TX to Bay City, TX and was passing
over the Port LaVaca bridge at Matagorda Bay when he saw a light off his right wing. Since it
appeared to be pacing him (and he was traveling only 125 mph) he deduced that the light could
not have been running lights on a commercial jet aircraft [of course it could have been a jet
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                   Page 42                                       T. Roe


airplane at a much greater separation distance than he first thought]. Now more curious, the
pilot banked in the direction of the light "to take a better look at the object." The UAP also
made an almost instantaneous 45 degree turn to the right towards the southern horizon and then
disappeared "over the ocean" (sic) [Gulf of Mexico]. He called the tower at Palacios airport NE
of his present position to inquire about other air traffic in the area. They answered "no." He
continued on toward his destination some 26 miles farther to the NE. Suddenly he saw a UAP
about 500 feet below his aircraft, "just over the Palacios airport runway. He became confused
and didn’t know if there were two objects or if it was the same one from two different
directions." He had (recently) been turned over to Houston ATC. He flew on and was about 4
to 5 miles from the Bay City airfield when he saw yet another "glowing" object as he entered
the traffic pattern. "This time it was 50 to 100 feet above the ground and dead square over
runway 31, this flipping thing hovers." It had an intense blue-white glow overall was "pretty
much circular shaped (and) aerodynamically lousy... weird."

    The now very concerned pilot radioed Houston control again who called to several aircraft
in the same area. Lupinski lined his airplane up with the runway centerline and "was watching
the ground and the glowing object. I made a backwards approach and didn’t care... I actually
landed my plane from the wrong direction and at the wrong end of the runway." The UFO was
still hovering over the other end of the runway... that’s how I knew it was approximately 60
feet in diameter." As his wheels touched down the UFO backed directly away about 1/4 mile
and turned right and then flew out toward the gulf and disappeared from sight.

   The pilot stated later that "the first time it was thrilling and the second time it is terribly
exciting... and now (during his final approach) I’m getting a little bit worried about this thing."
Later he also admitted that all he wanted to do was to get down on the ground. The multiple
appearance of unidentifiable lights in the air seemingly near to him had affected his personal
self-confidence. Fortunately, this incident ended happily. (The Daily Tribune, Bay City, Texas,
Nov. 26, 1978)

107. March 31, 1999 0039L UP Carson (12 mi. SE LAX), California
   The pilot and police officer observer in a Los Angeles Police Dept. helicopter were working
a call in Carson just after midnight. They were circling at between 400 and 500 feet AGL when
the pilot noticed (and called out) an orange ball of light apparently at their own altitude passing
from west to east in front of them at that moment. Its distance was estimated at two miles and
appeared to be closing with them. Its airspeed was an estimated 150 kts. During part of the
sighting the pilot flew straight and level to the north and noted that the object passed from the
10 o’clock to 2 o’clock position and then changed its flight path more southerly, now passing to
their right side. After the pilot turned right another 30 degrees and stabilized his heading the
object suddenly accelerated, changed its direction of travel and sped directly toward them. "The
object got within 200 feet of the aircraft and then (instantaneously) changed directions again,
flying to the north at a very high rate of speed and out of view." (National UFO Reporting
Center (NUFORC) Rept. Dtd. 3/31/99 14:47).

   It is problematical whether air safety was directly impacted here, but both observers were
clearly captivated (and engaged) by this close aerial encounter over urban Los Angeles to the
extent that they abandoned their official assignment in order to keep the unidentified light in
narcap Project Sphere 3.1.6                    Page 43                                        T. Roe


sight. Another similar police helicopter encounter took place in the early morning hours of
October 12, 1999 over north Phoenix, AZ. (National UFO Reporting Center, Rept. 101299
2200)

112. August 9, 1997 1707L UC between Philadelphia and New York
    This near-miss incident occurred between Philadelphia and New York and involved a
Swissair Transport Co. Ltd. B-747-300 (HB-IGF) at about 1707 EDT. Flight 127 was in level
flight at FL230 en route to Boston in VMC weather on an IFR flight plan. Its heading was 060
deg. and it was abreast of New York city to their left. The aircraft was flying at 340 kts
indicated airspeed. Currently in radio communication with the Danbury sector of the Boston air
route traffic control center, the captain radioed, "...sir, I don’t know what it was, but it just over
flew like a couple of hundred feet above us. I don’t know if it was a rocket or whatever, but
incredibly fast, opposite direction." Maybe "2, 3, 4 hundred feet above... the three of us saw a
light object, it was white and very fast." The airplane wasn’t damaged and there were no
injuries to the occupants. The observation time was very short (about a second or less). The
captain saw no wings on the object and he "was not sure it was an aircraft. He thought it was
cylindrical in shape." There was no TCAS warning. [This is a highly automated collision-
avoidance system on-board the aircraft that prompts pilots about what is the most effective
mid-air collision avoidance maneuver to use]. The FO said he also caught a glimpse of the
object as "it passed overhead very quickly. It was close enough that he ducked his head because
he thought it would hit them. He said it was white and had a round shape. There was no smoke
or fire visible from the object." It had no visible markings. Its angular size was about 1.5 deg.
diameter. The FO said he had seen a weather balloon previously in his career and this object
didn’t look like a balloon. When Boston ARTCC radar data was examined for this time and
place either beacon nor non-beacon data moving in the opposite direction were found. (Rept.
No. NYC97SA193, Local Date: 08/09/1997) (Swissair ‘Air Traffic Incident Report Form,
RAC1-2App B1)

   Also see Durant, R.J. (1999) for an excellent, in-depth discussion of why the object could
not have been a weather balloon, missile, or part of the Perseid meteor shower. Based upon a
private interview with the pilot, Durant discovered several facts which U.S. authorities either
accidentally disregarded or deliberately chose to ignore. The NTSB still has no conclusion
concerning the identity of the object and considers the case officially closed!
