{"created_utc": "2026-10-04T02:30:55Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 106418, "source_ctime_ns": 1790959008545924611, "source_file": "NARCAP/documents/60_narcap_ProjSph_Haines.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790959008532911254, "source_rel": "NARCAP/documents/60_narcap_ProjSph_Haines.pdf", "source_sha256": "a426ef8b9631bd2944128925a8af63470744e6ef407904899425968998fbfe89"}

narcap Project Sphere 6.0                           Page 1                                      R. F. Haines


                                                     6.0


                             Some Challenging Questions, Conclusions,
                                       and Recommendations


                                         Richard F. Haines
                                       NARCAP Chief Scientist


                                               April 2010
                                               Copyright


    The data presented in this report raise a number of challenging questions to those who are
responsible for insuring that aviation safety is at the highest levels possible given the practical,
day-to-day realities they must face. Other questions are presented to the world’s science
community. The third and final section of this chapter presents the major conclusions and
recommendations made by the contributors to this work.

I. Questions to Aviation Authorities
    Given that this report and others cited here have pointed out the existence of rare but real
phenomena and perhaps even unidentified solid objects that fly in close proximity to all kinds of
airplanes in many nations at all hours of the day and night and at all flight altitudes why haven’t
any American aviation officials taken them seriously? There are several clearly defined actions
that could be taken to better prepare in-flight and ground personnel for such encounters and
thereby improve safety. These actions are briefly mentioned here and also in the third section of
this final chapter.

   All but one of the present authors of the pilot sighting reports in (3.1) agree that aviation
officials in their own nations have not taken seriously the aerial encounters and near-misses that
their own pilots are experiencing.1 By not encouraging pilots to report such incidents these
officials are sending a subtle message to them that it’s not OK to talk about them. In addition, by
not providing a dedicated space on incident and near-miss pilot reporting (PIREP) forms that is
labeled “unusual” or “anomalous objects or phenomena” on which to report their sighting, these
officials are actually discouraging pilots from reporting them. None of the scores of FAA
mandated forms [listed elsewhere, (FAA, 2000] that are supposed to be used to report and
investigate aircraft accidents and incidents included any clearly identified place or means for
1
    Several noteworthy exceptions include: The Comite de Estudios de Fenomenos Aereos Anomalos (CEFAA) that
          operates under the authority of the Chilean General Directorate of Civil Aviation (DGAC); Groupe
          d’Etudes et d’Information dur les Phenomenes Aerospatiaux (GEIPAN) in France; the Oficina de
          Investigacion de Fenomenos Aereos Anomalos (OIFAA) in Peru; and the Comision Receptora e
          Investigadora de Denuncias OVNIs (CRIDOVNI) in Uruguay.
narcap Project Sphere 6.0                              Page 2                                         R. F. Haines


reporting sightings of UAP. If the FAA believes that they will receive such reports from their
Aviation Safety Reporting System (ASRS) because it is both voluntary and confidential they are
wrong. The current climate of ridicule and professional demeaning of aircrew that surrounds this
subject in America is so powerful that it has effectively stifled most such pilot reports as we have
shown elsewhere based upon a search of near-miss data within the ASRS database (Haines,
Section IID, 2000).2

   In his review of U.S. aviation sightings, Roe (2.2.7) has said, “A “blind spot” may be
responsible for the limited official acceptance of the existence of spherical UAP.” Seeking the
basis for this particular blind spot should be of as much interest to the psychiatrist and clinical
psychologist as it is to the economist.3 To some, it borders on clinical denial.4

   Another question we can pose to aviation officials is, “Can you afford to simply wait for an
accident to occur before taking any positive action?” While a proactive approach toward UAP and
aviation safety may cost money and even political support from certain political bodies, can the
ongoing state of inaction and passivity toward the problem of UAP really be justified? If the
governments of Chile, France, Peru, and Uruguay can establish official study commissions (made
up of civil aviation, academic, military aviation, and private organizations) to investigate the
safety implications of UAP why can’t the U.S.A., England, Germany, Spain, Russia, and others?


II. Questions to the Science Community
    Considering the documentation that is presented (and cited) here concerning the reality of what
we call unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP) in our atmosphere why hasn’t science taken any
serious interest in pursuing research to find out what lies behind it? Back in 1969, forty one years
ago, Dr. James McDonald, Professor of Atmospheric Sciences at the University of Arizona, wrote
a paper entitled Science in Default: Twenty-Two Years of Inadequate UFO Investigations. He
wrote, “No scientifically adequate investigation of the UFO problem has been carried out during
the entire 22 years that have now passed since the first extensive wave of sightings of unidentified
aerial objects in the summer of 1947…. In my opinion, the UFO problem, far from being the
nonsense problem that it has often been labeled by many scientists, constitutes a problem of
extraordinary scientific interest.”

    While it is beyond the scope of this report to explain in detail why scientists remain in default
to this day, several possible reasons are offered here. The first has the same roots as those
described above with regard to public officials, viz., fear that undergirds an almost irrational
denial that there is a problem. We suggest that many scientists are afraid that their professional
reputations somehow will be sullied; this fear is transmitted quietly but effectively to other
(particularly younger) scientists until the climate within academia has become almost
homogenously negative.


2
  This search was done in late 1999 and should be updated.
3
  Why the economist? Because he tries to understand the economic impact of adverse publicity on aviation profits.
4
  A general working definition of this dysfunction is where facts that are accepted by most people are not
        accepted by people who cannot tolerate the intellectual, social, or emotional consequences of
        accepting the same facts themselves. People in this dysfunctional state can generate elaborate intellectual
        and very convincing reasons for their denial.
narcap Project Sphere 6.0                                Page 3                                           R. F. Haines


   The second reason that scientists give for not being willing to take a serious look at the
evidence for UAP is false and hollow. Many academic scientists hide behind the excuse that, “I
would be glad to study it if only there was something to study!” Their excuse, however, is not
supported by the huge volumes of narrative (and other) evidence.5 What these scientists really
mean is that the data that is available on UAP is not in a format that is acceptable to them, already
conforming to their own scientific specialty. And so they find skillful ways to avoid the subject
altogether. We acknowledge that simply presenting scientists with more eyewitness accounts will
have dubious value in attracting their serious attention.

  Lack of adequate funding for such research, lack of personal time, and preexisting
commitments are other more understandable reasons why they do not want to get involved.

   As NARCAP’s Executive Director has written, “If the (UAP) data were taken at face value as
compared with (the quantity and quality of) any other phenomenon there would be no question
that UAP exist and are in need of further study. Yet, Society decides what is real and eventually
concedes to Science’s assertions. (For example) …the world was flat until there was permission to
consider it round.” Determining what is fact and what is knowledge then, requires both a Social
sanction as well as a Scientific sanction. So the question remains, when will Science catch up with
Society in regard to UAP?

   What about government scientists? They are typically not permitted to work on UAP “studies”
of almost any kind for a number of reasons, some of which are purely political in nature others
economic. The ridicule factor that still surrounds this subject has permeated the thinking of
Congress men and women to such a degree that it is political suicide to take the subject seriously.
A hidden consequence of this is that unclassified government programs will not be funded if they
even hint of this taboo subject.

   Scientists working in private industry are also not officially allowed to work on UAP topics
unless they can convince their management that there is a high likelihood of an economic payoff
resulting from their work. To these industries the risk to reward ratio is simply too great in most
cases; the result is that industrial scientists shift their research into more “acceptable” areas.

   This leaves the thousands of scientists working within various Departments of Defense around
the world. Controversy continues over the question whether any of them are working on the UAP
problem per se. It is impossible to know for sure. But if they aren’t some of them should be
because flight safety is an important aspect of national security.

   Now that NARCAP has shown that flight safety is affected in several ways by certain unknown
atmospheric phenomena (Haines, 2000; Haines and Weinstein, 2001) the so-called hard sciences
should be strongly encouraged, if not mandated, to get involved. The phenomenon is so complex
that there is room for all of the specialties of science and technology, engineering and social

5
    Scholarly, refereed articles like those published in Spanish in the excellent journal Cuadernos de Ufologia,
          scientific proceedings such as the International Project Hessdalen Workshop (2006) and the American
          Center for UFO Studies, the Journal of Scientific Exploration, and technical reports prepared by the
          National Aviation Reporting Center on Anomalous Phenomena (www.narcap.org) provide meat for
          those who are hungry for facts with which to begin or continue their studies. Several references cited at
          the end of this paper provide additional factual information in different languages.
narcap Project Sphere 6.0                       Page 4                                   R. F. Haines


science. Consider the following.

   In his review of the aerodynamics of spheres Lemke (2.1) makes it clear that this three-
dimensional form is not well suited to sustained flight in the atmosphere. Nevertheless, some of
the data presented here indicates that spheres have been seen by pilots at all altitudes (3.1) as well
as by people on the ground (3.3.1) over sustained periods of time. Shouldn’t this fact be of interest
to aeronautical engineers who are presently designing UAV?

    In his discussion of spherical luminosities Spalding (2.2) raises the possibility that some yet
undiscovered, self-contained, and self-luminous phenomenon follows airplanes in flight because
of the presence of an ionosphere-to-ground conduction (“air thread”) channel that already exists or
that can be formed quickly by a sufficient quantity of ionizable gaseous species. He argues that
the earth’s ionosphere is very likely the source of the electrical charge needed to power such a
mechanism and that this mechanism would likely explain such things as ball lightning, earthquake
lights, swamp lights, and other self-luminous spheres that have been seen at ground and flight
levels. He rightly calls for focused laboratory research along this line. Such assertions are testable
and should be of interest to several scientific disciplines including atmospheric physicists,
meteorologists, electrical engineers, and related fields.

     Teodorani (2.4) opens an interesting discussion of thermal, electrical, and magnetic energy as
possible mediators of interference with airplane systems and systematically traces various
outcomes that are possible. Atmospheric physicists and aeronautical engineers should be
interested on both basic and applied grounds. He also raises a fundamental question, “How can
this research improve?” How can an elusive aerial phenomenon such as spherical UAP be
captured so that it/they can be measured under controlled conditions and thereby permit the
construction of numerically based models? The first of two parallel approaches that he suggests
should be of interest to statisticians: Collect and analyze reliable statistical data from (many) eye
witnesses to see what patterns and valid details may be discovered. His second approach is to
collect and analyze raw data of the phenomenon in question in the field (where they are most
likely to manifest) using multi-wavelength, multi-mode instrumentation. This second
methodology should appeal to geophysicists, geologists, geochemists, atmospheric physicists,
meteorologists, and others? His first approach (collection of statistical data) will involve a great
many reports generally of low reliability while the second approach (detailed field studies) will
involve almost the opposite. Yet both can be of value.

    Teodorani (2.4) also presents a number of valuable optimizations (both strategic and tactical)
that he believes will help scientists build solid, testable physical models. These optimizations
include: methodology – use of standardized, off-the-shelf hardware and independent, highly
trained observer teams; portable measurement instruments - (cf. his list of 19 specific items); site
specific monitoring stations – located where there is a high probability that the phenomenon will
reappear; military aircraft (and pilots) - serving as data collection platforms because of their array
of special onboard electromagnetic sensors; civilian aircraft (and flight crew) - serving as similar
(if more limited) data collection platforms; air traffic control hardware and personnel – can obtain
radar tracks of both the UAP and airplane in order to seek patterns of their interactions; astronauts
– particularly those on board the international space station are in a position to obtain high quality
data on UAP should they approach the station; other eye witnesses on the ground – can provide
useful (if non-scientific) information about UAP when the data is screened by experts and when a
narcap Project Sphere 6.0                               Page 5                                         R. F. Haines


sufficient amount of related sighting data becomes available to carry out (inferential) statistical
studies. Again, there is much of value here for those serious scientists who want to make
breakthroughs in these difficult areas.

    Some of the present eye witness reports of spherical UAP are particularly intriguing from the
standpoint of the possibility that some “intelligence” is involved either on-board the “object,” on
the ground, and/or elsewhere. Several reports of this nature presented in (3.3.2) should be of great
interest to those who plan tactical defense systems. Paper 4.3 - that reviews something of what we
now know about ball lightning (BL) and earthlights - makes it clear that while some UAP may
actually have been BL there is another (rather large) class of UAP that far exceeds the size and
velocity of BL. Electrical engineers and physicists should be particularly interested in such
distinctions.

   Finally, the strange spheres that have continued to appear on photographs (3.2; 3.3.2) as well as
on the Google-Earth website (5.1) raise challenging and important questions for scientists and
technologists. For if these spheres are all photographic artifacts6 of some kind then they pose no
threat to flight; finding this out should greatly relieve the aviation world. On the other hand, if these
spheres are real objects having mass (however small) then their presence in the atmosphere poses a
definite threat to flight safety. Even if these spheres are only optical images in the virtual sense of
the word their nearby-presence to airplanes could lead to unplanned, impulsive, dangerous flight
control inputs by the pilot.

    Everyone would agree that far more physical data is needed on spherical UAP than now exist in
order to establish its/their various physical parameters (mass, density, electrical charge, chemical
makeup, magnetic, and other properties). But if the science community will not even examine what
data does exist because of pre-existing biases, fear of ridicule, or other reasons there is little hope of
making the kind of breakthroughs that will be required for us to understand the core identity of
these UAP.


III. Conclusions and Recommendations
    Many of the authors of the preceding chapters recognize the dangers to aviation that are posed
by UAP and have commented on these dangers. The editor and Mr. Roe, Executive Director of the
National Aviation Reporting Center on Anomalous Phenomena (NARCAP) share these same
concerns. Indeed, our concerns led to NARCAP’s establishment ten years ago. It is through this
report that all of us want to unite in our concerns in order to bring the possibility of these dangers to
the attention of the aviation world so that something effective will be done about them. Here are
our recommendations to aviation officials working at all decision-making levels. They are
presented in three general categories: administrative-legal, procedural, and technical.

Administrative-Legal. Any civil aviation accident has such huge financial consequences these days
(largely through insurance claims and to a lesser degree through fines and penalties and adverse
publicity) that airlines seek a cause or multiple causes for the accident for which they will not be
held liable. Whether a claim (in court) has ever been made that a UAP caused an airplane to crash


6
    Photographic artifacts are produced within the camera or image processing and not in the three-dimensional
         aerospace world.
narcap Project Sphere 6.0                                 Page 6                                            R. F. Haines


is not known although there are several possible candidates discussed elsewhere (Haines, 2000).
Nevertheless, if this should occur someday with incontrovertible proof concerning the involvement
of a UAP then the courts must decide the outcome. If UAP are judged to be naturally occurring –
so-called acts of God - such as wind shear or other weather phenomenon then airlines have less to
fear in litigation. If, on the other hand, UAP are discovered to be intelligently controlled or
otherwise artificial, then quite a different legal judgment could be made, one whose outcome can
only be guessed at. It makes good sense to this writer then that we should try to discover the core
nature of UAP sooner than later if, for no other reason, to obviate some of these problems that are
associated with aviation accident litigation.

   Federal and international aviation officials have the responsibility to see that public air travel is
as safe as is practically possible. How can they do this if they overlook even very low probability of
occurrence events such as UAP? How much more evidence is needed to convince them that the
subject should be taken seriously?7

   Related to this is the problem of funding future UAP research.8 We have heard aviation officials
claim that there are too many other areas of study that have higher priority at this time and that
there simply isn’t any money available to support such “far out” speculative areas of study. In
short, “We can’t fund everything … anyway, accident statistics don’t justify any such research.”9
But if a jumbo jet should crash because of impact (or other negative interaction) with a UAP the
total financial burden will be enormous (along with the negative publicity and political fallout that
will occur) and our present warnings (then as hindsight) suddenly will come clearly into focus. The
total financial burden of such a disaster is likely to be orders of magnitude greater than the cost of
doing the research now.

    In carrying out their air safety mandate federal and international aviation and Transportation
Safety Administration officials have the responsibility to encourage all pilots, air traffic controllers,
and other aviation ground personnel to report anything that is out of the ordinary and that might
affect safety. We must ask, in the wake of the 9-11 disaster in America that led to the establishment
of the TSA, should security from a very small human element (i.e., terrorists) be given so much
more emphasis over safety that is related to the far more ubiquitous and still unknown UAP
element?

Procedural Recommendations. All civil aircrew training programs must be pre-approved by the
Administrator of the FAA (A.I.M., FAR 142, Para. 142.37) and must include a curriculum that is to
be taught to student pilots. The Federal regulation specifies that this curriculum must include a
syllabus, minimum aircraft and related training equipment for the proposed curriculum, minimum


7
    There are many books and journal articles on this subject that can be accepted with confidence. The interested
          reader will find them in the reference sections of most of the papers in this report.
8
    If money were made available for serious investigations of UAP some scientists and engineers would line up
          quickly.
9
    The Boeing Company’s 40th edition of the Statistical Summary of Commercial Jet Airplane Accidents Worldwide
          Operations 1959 – 2008 placed two (2) fatal accidents out of 91 total in the “unknown or undetermined”
          category with 120 people killed during the period 1999 through 2008. Also, the largest category of fatal
          accidents was in the loss of inflight control with 1,926 on-board fatalities and 65 other fatalities. Were any of
          these fatal airplane accidents caused by UAP? Do federal accident investigators look for very low
          probability of occurrence phenomena (such as UAP) as possible or probable contributors to these accidents?
narcap Project Sphere 6.0                       Page 7                                     R. F. Haines


instructor and evaluator qualifications and a curriculum specifically for them, and several others. If
a brand new UAP-oriented curriculum were to be proposed for approval: a) Who could teach it in a
manner that would ensure maximum effectiveness? b) What kinds of aerial UAP encounters
should be included in this new curriculum and why? and c) Would the FAA Administrator accept
the totally novel curriculum in the first place without having any prior basis for its validation?

    Aviation practices develop slowly and cautiously over decades of flight such that the sudden
introduction of a UAP-encounter curriculum would probably shock the entire system, particularly if
there was no clearly presented justification for it. Unfortunately, it usually takes an aircraft accident
to provide such a justification (after the fact) as a number of tragic events of the past have shown:
wind-shear-related crashes, incidents involving volcanic ash at high altitude, bird-strikes, etc.

    Nevertheless, NARCAP believes that enough is known about the “usual” flight behavior of
UAP to be able to plan an effective special pilot recurrency flight training curriculum for use in
airline flight simulators. If UAP encounters occur with approximately the same frequency in one’s
flying career as does wind shear (for which airlines require periodic simulator training) shouldn’t
similar kinds of special training be required for coping with a UAP encounter? It is a fact that
modern flight training simulators lend themselves very well to such virtual image generation and
dynamic control.

   But even if airlines do not implement special simulator encounters with UAP it is still
“…advisable to prepare aircrews for potential spherical UAP encounters by informing them that
various shaped UAP actually do exist.” (cf., 2.2.7) If Federal Aviation Administration officials,
airline and union officials will do this it will have a significant impact on the willingness of pilots
to report their sightings to authorities.

   The in-flight and ground-level photographic evidence presented here (3.2.1; 3.2.2) could be
interpreted as strong support for aircrew to have cameras available in the cockpit if for no other
reason than to provide objective confirmation that they really did see something unusual. Another
justification for having photographic evidence is the scientific value such images might provide.


   Technical Recommendations. Aviation today involves a highly technical, costly, and complex
array of operations and hardware. One such technology that the government aviation officials rely
upon very heavily is that of radar. In his discussion of radar characteristics of spheres Shough (2.3)
asserts that various investigators (including NARCAP) have shown that there are certain
limitations on efficient radar detection of both natural plasma spheroids and hypothetical spherical
devices and that they pose a potential risk to air safety. He recommends several things:

1) That the FAA data-collection procedures should be carefully audited (particularly radar detection
capabilities) to prevent altogether, or at least react to in a timely manner any failure to prevent
future conflicts between UAP and code traffic in controlled airspace.

2) That long-wavelength, rapid-update acquisition and target-following radars, tailored for short-
lifetime UAP detection and bypassing the limitations imposed by ADT and MTI signal processing
filters in traffic control, be deployed to monitor busy low-altitude airspace volumes. Such a
dedicated raw radar product could be made optionally available to controllers in real time alongside
narcap Project Sphere 6.0                       Page 8                                    R. F. Haines


precipitation and wind-gust display overlays via the integrated ITWS (thus complementing, not
compromising, the functionality of the ATC signal processing).

3) That indirect safety benefits might accrue from the non-real-time study of transient UAP
detections by existing ATC radar systems. However, mere routine analysis of past radar data logs
would not necessarily provide data useful for research. Past experience indicates (e.g. Haines, et
al., 2007) that combing FAA datasets for plots of low probability of detection UAPs that may be
characterized by small RCS and short lifetime is likely to be inconclusive.

4) That NARCAP should recommend that a study be performed by radar engineers for
presentation to the FAA on the cost and practicality of automatically saving raw analogue (i.e.,
pre-filtered) pulseform data at the radar head, prior to digital plot-extraction and MTI filtering,
for detailed non-real-time analysis. This would place no pressure either on the restricted
transmission bandwidth that exists between the radar head and controller display or on the
controller's real-time vigilance, but would make the primary echo pulseforms of transient UAP
phenomena available for scientific research. Such data could also provide vital data for
investigations by aviation safety boards in the event of air accidents related to UAPs.

5) That the FAA should undertake a study of the ability of the traffic control system to respond
effectively to possible meter-scale UAP radar hazards when there is a conflict between nearby
sensors operating at different wavelengths.

6) That the FAA should ensure that Air Traffic Control managers familiarize radar room staff
with the possible radar characteristics of short-duration, sub-meter-scale plasma spheroids, e.g.,
slow-moving, variable, radar cross-section primary echoes on short tracks.

7) That both ATC personnel and air carriers should maintain up-to-date reviews of: a) literature
in relevant areas of meteorology, plasma dynamics, and plasma stealth technology, b) infor-
mation on government and private-venture UAV development programs; and c) reliable sources
of research in the field of atmospheric anomalies.

   In this same regard, Roe (3.1.6) states, “The majority of spherical UAP reports involve initial
visual detections by aircrews. It is uncommon for ATC to detect spherical UAP and vector
aircraft around them though, in some instances, spherical UAP are detected on radar after aircraft
request radar confirmation.” Findings such as these emphasize the need for improved radar
technology that can detect small spherical objects flying within the airspace of all major airports.
.
   It is hoped that this report may provide encouragement to aviation officials to take this subject
seriously and to move forward in a proactive manner following the various recommendations
provided here.


References
Ballester Olmos, V-J., Los OVNIS y la Ciencia: Introduccion a la Ufologia Cientifica. Plaza
       and Janes Editores, Barcelona, 1989. (Spanish).
narcap Project Sphere 6.0                   Page 9                                R. F. Haines


Federal Aviation Administration, Aircraft Accident and Incident Notification, Investigation,
        and Reporting. Department of Transportation, 18 Pp., August 16, 2000. <www.faa.gov/
        avr/aai/TABL8020.htm>
Haines, R.F., Aviation Safety in America: A Previously Neglected Factor. NARCAP Technical
        Report 1, 2000.
Haines, R.F., (Ed.), Report of an Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon and its Safety Implications
        at O’Hare International Airport on November 7, 2006, NARCAP Technical Report 10,
        2007.
McDonald, J.E., Science in Default: Twenty-Two Years of Inadequate UFO Investigations. In
        Sagan, C., and T. Page, UFOs – A Scientific Debate. Cornell Univ. Press, Ithaca, NY,
        Pp. 52-122, 1972.
Sillard, Y., Phenomenes Aerospatiaux Non Identifies: Un Defi a la Science. Le Cherche Midi,
        Paris, 2007. (French).
von Ludwiger, I., UFOs – Zeugen und Zeichen: Wissenschaftler untersuchen auBergewohnliche
        Himmelserscheinungen. Collection BuchPlus (edition q), Berlin, 1995. (German)
von Ludwiger, I., Unidentifizierete Flugobjekte uber Europa. Herbig, Munich, 1999. (German).
