{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T23:18:14Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 89620, "source_ctime_ns": 1790959078336657155, "source_file": "NARCAP/documents/narcap_ProjSph_25_Geom.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1790959078330513497, "source_rel": "NARCAP/documents/narcap_ProjSph_25_Geom.pdf", "source_sha256": "5c2c9eaf6dcd78741f4f2d0718bfb6717f82275f7e86a4321e3747a4313eab5a"}

narcap Project Sphere 2.5                            Page 1                              R. F. Haines


                                                      2.5


                                      Geometric Relations of a Sphere


                                            Richard F. Haines
                                          NARCAP Chief Scientist

                                                February 2010
                                                  Copyright


   It is possible to define a sphere in several different ways. The simplest yet perhaps least useful
is what Figure 1 shows.1 Indeed, it requires no additional words until one becomes interested in
two related subjects: first, its "other side” that cannot be seen, and second, a more precise
description suitable for mathematical and geometric studies.

What About the Third Dimension?
    What would one find if we could view this white object from the side or its opposite end?
Perhaps it is a giant ice-cream cone viewed here from the top or perhaps a cylinder or other shape.
No single, two-dimensional photograph can answer such three-dimensional questions unless a
mirror is used within the photograph to simultaneously show another side of the object by
reflection.


                          Figure 1. An Inflated Weather Balloon at Launch

1
    Photo courtesy of Scientificsales Inc., <www.scientificsales.com>
narcap Project Sphere 2.5                               Page 2                                              R. F. Haines


   Seldom are there any useful stereoscopic “depth” cues related to the three-dimensional form of
most UAP seen at large distances. This is because the separation distance of the eyes within the
skull is very small relative to the distance to the UAP. Thus, the poorly discriminated third
dimension of the object is usually inferred on the basis of shading of the ambient illumination
upon its visible surface or its familiarity.


More Precise Characterizations of a Sphere
  A sphere may be defined as:

         a solid bounded by a spherical surface (Anon., Pg. 1550, 1958).

   However the object in Figure 1 is not a solid in the normal sense of the word. It is a very thin
membrane of latex rubber weighing perhaps 500 grams and inflated by a gas to a diameter of
about ten feet. So Figure 1 is at best a misleading representation of the above definition.
Nevertheless, it does convey a general (and popularized) idea of what a sphere is.

   When the physical nature of the sphere (solid or not) is not of concern then a sphere can be
defined as:

         a three-dimensional object or form whose surface is defined by a constant
         radius2 R from its center.3

Letting D = the diameter4 of the sphere, S = the surface area,  = 3.14159, and V = the volume
of the sphere; Then:

              D = 2R                                                                                   1

              S = 4  R2 =  D2           = 12.57 R2                                                   2

              V = 4/3  R3 = 1/6  D3 = 4.189 R3                                                       3


    Finally, if we disregard the idea that the sphere is an “object” we find a sphere to be:

         the set of all points in three dimensional Euclidian space that are
         located at the same distance R from its center. (Mathworld, 2009)

We shall not be concerned here with the distinctions that geometers and topologists make of 3-
sphere and 2-sphere space nor with equations for a sphere expressed in Cartesian, spherical


2
    A radius is a straight line with one end at the center of the sphere and the other at the surface. Because R is
         constant the sphere can be considered a rigid form and not changeable in size.
3
    These relations were derived in about 225 BC by Archimedes.
4
    A diameter is a straight line twice as long as the radius; it passes through the sphere's center and each end
         touches the surface at points called antipodes.
narcap Project Sphere 2.5                               Page 3                                            R. F. Haines


coordinates or parametrically.5 The various geometric characteristics of a sphere have been
quantified extensively (Beyer, 1981) and form the basis for spherical trigonometry that undergirds
geodesy, terrestrial navigation, extraterrestrial navigation, and other such topics.

    Nevertheless, as we will explore in more detail later in this report, a sphere is the only three-
dimensional form that remains invariant when pitched, yawed, or rolled about its center. Put
another way and speaking more practically, every other rigid object or form will appear different
when pitched, yawed, and/or rolled while the eye point is fixed. Whether this difference actually
can be discriminated visually or photographically will depend on the sensitivity of the sensing
system. Now we will progress to several subjects that are related to spheres.

    Sphere and a Plane. Two interactions are possible. Any plane that passes through a sphere is
defined by a circle. The largest circle occurs when the plane is coincident with the sphere's
diameter. When the plane passes through the center of the sphere the circle is maximum in area
and is called a great circle. Earth's equator is a great circle. It can also be shown both graphically
and mathematically that two great circles will meet each other in precisely two antipodal points.
On the other hand if the plane is tangent to (just touching) the sphere then a point is defined at
their intersection.

   When it is recognized that the shortest distance between any two points on the surface of a
sphere is along a great circle joining the two points the importance of great circles becomes more
apparent. Great circles become analogous to the straight lines drawn on a flat (plane) surface to
define a polygon and they very often define the flight path of airplanes flying great distances, e.g.,
across the oceans because great circle routes tend to save on fuel.

    The Lune. Considering a flat plane the first and indeed simplest polygon is a triangle (a figure
made up of three straight lines that intersect one another). There is no such thing as a two-sided
polygon. However two "straight" lines on the surface of a sphere can form a "lune." Figure 2
illustrates this interesting geometric shape. It is defined as the enclosed area on the surface of a
sphere when any two great circles meet in two antipodal spots. Considering the Earth as a sphere,
the north and south poles are vertices or antipodal points.


                                    Figure 2. The red area is a lune

5
    See http://mathworld/Wolfram.com (2009) and www.uwgb.edu/dutchs/mathalgo/CIRCSPH.HTM for a fuller
          discussion of these subjects and mathematical formulae. Wolfram mathworld (op cit) discourages the
          use of the term “sphere” to refer to the interior of a sphere but prefers the term “ball.” This is because,
          he maintains, “sphere” (should) refer only to the surface because the “usual sphere is a two-dimensional
          surface.
narcap Project Sphere 2.5                      Page 4                                      R. F. Haines


   When balloons were first manufactured (also as were parachutes) out of fabric they were
constructed of many gores or lunes attached together along their edges. Today most balloons are
made of highly elastic latex rubber in many flat sheets that are bonded together.

    We shall make an arbitrary distinction in the present collection of papers as to whether or not
the reported object is a sphere. That is, we must agree to accept the witness's description that he
saw a sphere even though it might have been an oblate spheroid or even an oval with a 99:100
orthogonal axis ratio (or less). When a flight crew sees a generally spherically shaped object while
traveling at high speed and has only seconds to look at it, judge its distance, trajectory, and
potential for collision (or other threat to their safety) it is a mute point whether it is a sphere. For
practical purposes we shall adopt a more general definition of the term “sphere” here.


References
Beyer, W.H., CRC Standard Mathematical Tables. CRC Press, Inc., Boca Raton, FL,
        Pp. 128, 259, 262, 355, 1981.
http://mathworld.wolfram.com/Sphere.html, 2009.
