{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:35:23Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1800265, "source_file": "NARCAP/documents/narcap_ProjSph_42_Osborn-Haines.pdf", "source_sha256": "9a0d8fc67d927b5a6ad8895bf1a62f611a14369163a7a90b625b3201d8280cb7", "source_url": "https://www.narcap.org/s/narcap_ProjSph_42_Osborn-Haines.pdf"}

narcap Project Sphere 4.2                               Page 1                                     Osborn & Haines


                                                         4.2

                                     Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs)
                                       and Other Airborne Objects


                                             Terrell J. Osborn
                                         NARCAP Research Associate
                                                    and
                                            Richard F. Haines
                                          NARCAP Chief Scientist

                                                  February 2010
                                                    Copyright

Introduction
    An unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) is an aircraft that is deliberately designed or modified
not to carry a human pilot and which is operated through transmitted electronic means and/or
by an autonomous onboard flight management control system not calling for active
intervention by a flight controller. According to one source, “Today, no less than 45 countries
fly hundreds of different UAV models. UAVs are indeed multiplying. A large wall chart
published annually by the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics lists (in 2009)
many features for each of the UAV listed: viz., official name of the vehicle, contractor,
production status, type of propulsion, gross weight, payload, wingspan, endurance, range,
ceiling, and mission. Worldwide, these UAVs range in size from the palm-size Black Widow
“micro” UAV spy plane (6 inches in diameter; 1.5 oz.) to Northrop Grumman’s RQ-4/Global
Hawk (weighing in at 25,600 lb).1” www.paktribune.com/pforums/posts.php?t=39926;
http://www.uavforum.com/vendors/systems.htm It would be naïve to state that UAV have yet
to come into their own as operational aero-vehicles.

    As civil uses for UAV continue to expand rapidly some will operate in airspace that is
already heavily populated by manned airplanes, e.g., so-called medium altitude long-
endurance (MALE) UAVs (typically between 18,000 and 40,000 feet altitude). Concern has
already been expressed by Reynish (2004) regarding UAV detection and collision avoidance
by commercial airplanes within this part of the national aerospace system.2 The UAV
National Industry Team (UNITE) was established (see www.access5.aero) in fiscal year 2004
to work toward approval of both MALE and HALE (High Altitude Long-Endurance) UAV
flight in the national aerospace system and in foreign airspace. Interested readers should also
1
    Global Hawk is the only UAV that is currently approved to fly in civil airspace because it can climb and
         descend inside tightly controlled military airspace, cruises well above altitudes were civil aircraft fly,
         complies with all military airworthiness standards, and doesn’t need to carry collision avoidance
         hardware. A hydrogen powered follow-on vehicle with even longer flight durations has been
         announced recently by Boeing (Aviation Week & Space Technology, March 8, 2010).
2
    www.aviationtoday.com/av/categories/bga/UAVs-Entering-the-NAS_1139.html; www.psi.nmsu.edu/uav/
         conops/
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                         Page 2                                 Osborn & Haines


consult (www.auvsi.org) for information about the Association for Unmanned Vehicle
Systems International whose aim is to cover UAV flight operations below 18,000 feet
altitude. This paper will not consider the military uses of UAV which are already extensive.
(http://forums.yaleglobal.yale.edu/thread.jspa?threadID=1614).

   A purist on the subject of unmanned spherical UAV3 would find very little to discuss.
While UAVs vary widely in size, shape, and capabilities there are few, if any, absolute
spheres of any size. The present discussion has been expanded, therefore, to include aero-
vehicles that appear essentially spherical from a distance and also balloons in general.
Considered from the side virtually all blimps are elliptical in shape, in order to have better
control and maneuverability but considered from the front and rear some are round. Likewise
most large diameter balloons tend to be more teardrop shaped than spherical. Nevertheless,
some balloons are spherical until they are outfitted with a payload that distorts them. There
may be baskets or other equipment, which effectively bespoil the perfect spherical form.
Nevertheless, the development of UAVs and airships is accelerating, and it is appropriate to
update this research every few years, to keep abreast of the development of new and more
capable spherical craft.


I. Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
Balloon UAVs
   Figure 1 shows a typical balloon used in the 1970s. Raven Industries developed this
balloon for the U.S. Government. The man standing beneath it provides a size reference.
Balloons such as this that function as UAVs could carry as much as a 1,000 pound payload
into the stratosphere for very long flights. If such a balloon flew without its instrumentation
package, or lost its package, it could appear spherical under certain illumination conditions
and could fly at very high altitude for an indefinite period.


                   Figure 1. Typical Polyester Spherical Superpressure Balloon


3
    This class of aero-vehicle is also sometimes known by other names: Medium altitude long-endurance
          (MALE) and High altitude long-endurance (HALE) UAV; Micro Aerial Vehicles (MAV); Operational
          Unmanned Aerial System (OUAS); Remotely Piloted Vehicle (RPV); Unmanned Aircraft System(s)
          (UAS); Unmanned Air Vehicles (UAV); Unmanned Combat Air System (UCAS); Unmanned Combat
          Air Vehicle (UCAV); drones; and others (See for example, http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unmanned-
          aerial-vehicle)
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                     Page 3                           Osborn & Haines


Airships
    Figure 2 pictures the TSI SA-90 unmanned airship under development. Clearly, it is not
spherical. However, in Figure 3, the same vehicle is shown in a frontal view. From this aspect,
it appears essentially spherical, with only the small propellers protruding from the moldline.
The SA-90 is a member of a family of unmanned airships that range in diameter from 94 to
150 feet, range in ceiling from 15,000 to 65,000 feet, and can stay aloft for as much as 10
days. They are diesel-electric powered and use thrust vectoring for steering.

   There is a vast array of airships manufactured and flown worldwide. Some are piloted,
some are operated remotely, and some are tethered. Few are truly spherical. However, as with
the SA-90, most could be seen as spherical under certain viewing conditions. These ships
could be any combination of colors and could be at nearly any altitude. There are many
manufacturers of these craft.


                            Figure 2. TSI SA-90 Airship, Oblique View


                             Figure 3. TSI SA-90 Airship, Frontal View
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                     Page 4                             Osborn & Haines


    A spherical airship has been developed and flown by Cyber Defense Systems, Inc. and
Techsphere Systems International. Called the SA-60, the low altitude surveillance vehicle was
flown for more than three hours to 10,000 feet altitude and lofted a payload of over 500
pounds for the U. S. Navy in Maryland in March 2004. While a pilot was on-board the
company claims that later-larger models will be unmanned. A color photo of it was published
in the August 2004 issue of Popular Mechanics.


Heavier-Than-Air Vehicles
   We were unable to find any information on large, high-flying, spherical, heavier-than-air
vehicles. This, of course, does not mean that there are no such craft. Proprietary and classified
projects could involve the use of such vehicles. Some information was found on small,
remotely operated craft that, though not perfectly spherical, could appear essentially spherical
when viewed from certain aspects.

   Perhaps the best example of a remotely controlled vehicle that could appear spherical is the
Kamov Ka-137 helicopter. This vehicle is seen in Figure 4. It has dual rotors with no tail
structure, four permanent legs, and a piston engine. It has a takeoff weight of 620 pounds, a
service ceiling of 16,000 feet, a hovering ceiling of 9,500 feet, a range of 290 nm, a cruising
speed of 80 nm/h, and an endurance of 4 hours. It is small, but can carry a special payload of
as much as 80 kg of reconnaissance equipment. The Ka-137 may be painted to minimize its
detection.


                            Figure 4. Kamov Ka-137 Unmanned Helicopter


  Figure 5 shows the Bertin SmartBall remotely controlled vehicle. Developmental units
were flown, but there were stability problems.
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                        Page 5                         Osborn & Haines


                            Figure 5. Bertin SmartBall Developmental Vehicle

   Bertin redesigned the SmartBall, adding a cylindrical section that improved the stability,
and renaming it as the Bertin HoverEye. It is seen in Figure 6, being launched and controlled
by a soldier on the ground.

   The HoverEye appears less spherical than the SmartBall. However, it tilts for steering, and
from certain aspects could appear nearly spherical. The HoverEye weighs 7 pounds, is 16
inches in diameter, is 24 inches tall, and is powered by an electric motor. Propulsion is by two
rotors within the spherical section. It has a maximum line-of-sight mission radius of 1.2
miles.


                                      Figure 6. Bertin HoverEye

   Figure 7 is a photograph of the IT 180-5 Infotron remotely controlled or autonomously
operated surveillance helicopter. It has dual counter-rotating rotors above and below the
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                            Page 6                                   Osborn & Haines


fuselage. There are three non-retractable legs. The fuselage is not exactly spherical; however,
it could appear spherical from certain aspects. The legs are small, and when the rotors are in
motion, the vehicle could appear to be spherical.


                                        Figure 7. IT 180-5 Infotron

   The Infotron has an electric motor, but a small diesel-powered engine is optional. The
vehicle weighs 22 pounds and has a maximum weight of 33 pounds. The rotors are 6 feet in
diameter. The maximum speed is 60 mph, the ceiling is 10,000 feet, and the mission radius is
3 miles. Its nominal (flight time) endurance is 90 minutes. A photo gallery of additional UAV
of various shapes is presented elsewhere.
<http://www.popsci.com/announcements/article//2010-02/march-2010-issue-aerobot-
invasion>


II. Other Spherically Shaped Airborne Objects
    Efishoff (4.1) has reviewed the characteristics of generally spherical weather balloons but
there are other lighter-than-air (LTA) craft in the skies of many nations today as well that
might be misinterpreted as UAP and pose a threat to flight safety.4 Lally (1968), in the specific
context of UFO sightings, discussed flight profiles, kinds, and visibility of balloons making a
distinction between neoprene (rubber), polyethylene, and super-pressure balloons. We will
revisit some of his findings below. While these kinds of aeronautical "craft" come in many
different sizes, shapes, and colors we will only consider those that are spherically shaped here.5

  These particular spherical objects gain their aerodynamic lift by being lighter than air. The
two main types are hot air- and gas-filled balloons.6 These manmade LTA craft (objects) vary

4
    An example of the misidentification of a balloon as a UFO is found in a special 1951 USAF Project Grudge
         report no. 1 where the pilot of an airplane flying north along the New Jersey coast reported an
         unidentified object which was later identified as a weather balloon launched from Camp Evans.
         <www.infoage.org/html/cs-2003-08-28-p20n26.html>
5
    Several other shapes are included only because they will appear round when seen from a particular vantage.
6
    See <www.hotairballons.com/hotairballoon-air-pressure.asp> for further information.
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                             Page 7                                   Osborn & Haines


widely in their size and capability to lift heavy payloads; they range from stratospheric
research balloons to small diameter hobby and sport balloons. For the sake of convenience
they are divided here into three groups: research, commercial, and private

Research Balloons7
    A research balloon is always designed to carry instruments to high altitudes. They can drift
at altitudes of over forty thousand meters for years or more.8 Spherical balloons may contain
a half-million cubic meters of gas (or more) and possess a diameter of 150 m or more. In clear
air when they reflect sunlight their high contrast makes it possible for them to be seen
thousands of miles away. The earliest example was NASA’s Echo 1A and 2 balloons
launched in the 1960s to very high altitudes. (Figure 8) Their metalized Mylar polyester (and
PET) film reflected sunlight and made them visible by the unaided eye over most of the Earth.
Echo 1A was 100 ft. diameter remained aloft for almost eight years. Echo 2 was 135 ft.
diameter and remained in orbit over five years.


                            Figure 8. Echo Research Balloon (NASA)

   A number of nations have launched large diameter high altitude balloons over many
decades for research purposes. Some of them have been seen and reported by pilots due to

7
    The non-profit organization Edge of Space Sciences, Inc. (EOSS) promotes science and education by
         exploring frontiers in amateur radio and high altitude balloons. Creditable studies of the Earth's upper
         atmosphere are carried out using (mainly) off-the-shelf hardware by students and others affiliated with
         EOSS. (www.eoss.org/pubs/) The organization has lofted as many as thirteen balloon projects in a
         single year over eastern Colorado to a typical (maximum) altitude of 95,000 feet. Of course there is no
         threat to commercial aviation once the balloons attain these altitudes.
8
    The longest recorded balloon flight in 1970 was more than four years and circumnavigated the earth more
         than one hundred times! See http://stratocat.com.ar/globos/indexe.html for a list of stratospheric
         balloons launched worldwide since 1947 and associated information.
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                             Page 8                                   Osborn & Haines


peculiarities in ambient illumination and solar reflection(s). They do not normally constitute a
threat to flight safety even at low or intermediate altitudes because: (1) They are large enough
to be seen at considerable distances during daylight hours in clear air and therefore can be
avoided, (2) Their flight is announced in advance through NOTAMS, and (3) Some carry
anti-collision beacon(s) after dark. They move through the air passively and cannot exceed the
ambient velocity of the wind9. At altitudes of fifty thousand feet or more research balloons do
not pose any significant threat to commercial flights. Of course if they are at lower altitudes
conditions of reduced visibility and nighttime could make them a greater threat as could the
periods of time when they are ascending through Low and High Level flight routes or when
they are dropping their payloads (by parachute). Following are several photographs of
research balloons to illustrate some of their odd shapes.

    Among the more recent impressive launches that have been conducted by NASA's Balloon
Program Office is the Ultra Long Duration Balloon (ULDB) mission that was launched from
McMurdo Station, Antarctica. It was not likely seen by any commercial pilots. It ended on
February 20, 2009 after 54 days, 1 hour, 29 minutes in flight. Fully inflated, this balloon's
volume was seven million cubic feet and seen from the side, looked something like a
pumpkin. Figure 9 is a NASA drawing showing its outline shape and size (at launch) relative
to the Washington Monument (left) and fully expanded (right)
<www.csbf.nasa.gov/album.html>


          Figure 9. NASA's Super-Pressure Research Balloon Shape, Size and Dimensions

9
    Some LTA craft that are remotely controlled incorporate propulsion system(s) to support their specific
         missions. They may fly faster than the ambient wind speed.
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                      Page 9                           Osborn & Haines


    NASA launches most of its research balloons either from the Columbia Scientific Balloon
Facility at Palestine, Texas (typically 2 - 6 flights/year; each lasts about twelve hours per
flight) or from Fort Sumner, New Mexico during a Spring and Fall launch campaign
(typically 3 - 9 flights/campaign; each lasts about 36 hours per flight).

   Depending upon such factors as atmospheric visibility (clarity), altitude and location of a
high-altitude research balloon, solar illumination and balloon surface geometry and
reflectivity it is possible that observers on the ground might have been able to see some
research balloons. At great viewing distances, however, they would appear only as optical
points of light (i.e., they would have no frontal area) and would not traverse the sky at very
high angular rates.

   Winds must be calm during their inflation (typically just after sunrise or just before
sunset) and the gas bags can assume odd shapes before they are fully inflated as is shown in
Figure 10, NASA's Super-Pressure Balloon.


                            Figure 10. Early Stage of Inflating NASA's
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                    Page 10                              Osborn & Haines


                                     Super-Pressure Balloon
    Figure 11 shows a Super-Pressure Balloon when it has filled more than in Figure 10 and
has assumed a somewhat more symmetrical form. Notice its grayish-white color and
translucent quality. Strips of glass fiber tape are sometimes used to reinforce the gore seams.
A virtually 100 percent inflated super balloon is also shown in Figure 1.


                            Figure 11. Partially Inflated NASA
                                 Super-Pressure Balloon

   Tested on August 2, 2007 by NASA, an approximately 27 m "diameter" "Sweden
replicate" balloon is shown in Figure 12 inside a blimp hanger (to protect it from wind). This
photograph gives a good idea of the high degree of transparency of the special 2-part "fabric"
(Zylon and Polyethylene) out of which the 200 separate "lobes" or gores are made.


               Figure 12. NASA's Reduced Size "Sweden Replicate" Balloon
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                     Page 11                            Osborn & Haines


   Another highly transparent balloon that was developed by NASA to carry weather
instruments aloft in the vicinity of rocket launch pads on launch days. It is shown in Figure
13. These solar powered helium-filled balloons weigh only 130 grams and are the size of a
beach ball. The payload includes GPS, temperature, pressure, and humidity sensors.


                            Figure 13. NASA's "Smart" Weather Balloon

    Figure 14 is a photo taken by T. Dunham of the Lowell Observatory through an 8" reflecting
telescope of a high-altitude research balloon launched from Fort Sumner, New Mexico on June
11, 2009. It shows the tear-drop-shaped balloon with an estimated diameter of about 600 feet at
this point; it finally reached an altitude of between 110,000 and 120,000 feet and was seen by
many people on the ground in Arizona the same evening of the launch. (Lowell, 2009).


                              Figure 14. Appearance of Research
                                     Balloon at High Altitude
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                      Page 12                              Osborn & Haines


Commercial Balloons
    A commercial balloon is defined as any LTA airship designed for advertising,
telecommunications, for-profit-sport, ground surveillance, or other purposes. The largest
category of such LTA craft are hot-air balloons that take people aloft for pleasure flights. Most
commercial hot-air balloons are brightly colored and cannot be misidentified as something else.
Figure 15 shows large arrays of such typical hot-air balloons at special festivals and
competitions. Very few are spherical in shape; most are extremely colorful. Local and regional
balloon festivals take place in America and several other nations
www.blastvalve.com/Balloon_Festivals/USA/


                 Figure 15a. Hot Air Balloons at Competition and Rally in Ireland


                 Figure 15b. Balloons Participating in the 39th Irish Championships


    Balloons residing in the stratosphere have been proposed as cell phone transmission stations
<http://mobilitytoday.com/news.php?n=0065738&p=balloon_cell_tower > One firm10 has proposed
to launch inexpensive balloons to altitudes of about twenty miles taking along a payload about
ten cubic inches in size and weighing under twelve pounds. One such balloon is six feet
diameter at launch and thirty feet diameter upon reaching maximum altitude. According to one
source, the balloons rise so high that they exceed their transmission range and eventually burst;
a parachute brings the electronics back to earth for reuse.

10
     Space Data Corp.
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                         Page 13                                Osborn & Haines


    The familiar Goodyear blimps in the U.S.A. are also LTA craft and are used both for
advertising purposes as well as providing a television camera platform to cover outdoor sporting
events from above. Only when seen from the front or rear do these blimps appear circular. They
do not appear spherical. With their externally hung engines and propellers they can fly against
the wind at relatively slow speeds.

   An interesting use of a balloon made out of rear-projection fabric and located within a
second balloon is for product advertising <http://livedesignonline.com/map/up_away/> The
surface of the balloon becomes an optically reflecting surface for still and video images. In one
application two individual ten-foot diameter balloons were used for special indoor advertising
presentations. It remains to be seen if such an approach will be used outdoors.

   An article published in Defense Week11 mentioned that as far back as 1991 the U. S. Army
was considering a new PSYOPS Hologram System as a part of its non-lethal weapons system
program. Allegedly, it would project 3-D images of various kinds above a battlefield. Whether
or not an inflated balloon would be required as a projection surface remains to be seen as the
program has not been mentioned since 1994. It isn’t known whether "typical" holographic
projection techniques are used.

   Another odd shaped LTA craft is shown in the artist's rendering of a "Vertical Airship."
(Figure 16) flying above a large city. It is presented only to indicate the possibility that a
spherically shaped airship could also be used.


                            Figure 16. Artistic Rendering of Vertical Airship


11
     www.defencetalk.com/forums/space-defense-technology/psyops-holographic-technology-9604/
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                               Page 14                     Osborn & Haines


Private Balloons
   A "privately" owned and operated balloon may be designed to serve a wide range of uses,
most of which will determine the size, shape, and lifting capacity of the balloon. The first
example is a private research balloon.

   A particularly impressive private launch called the High Altitude Object (HALO) was
completed on October 8, 2007 from Lucknow, Ontario, Canada. The payload weighed less
than 1.5 kg and was lofted by a KCI 1200 Totex sounding balloon (its helium volume was
approximately 4.06 m3). The balloon and payload operated well and reached a maximum
projected altitude of 31,666 m making temperature and absolute pressure measurements
enroute; impressive still and video images were also obtained, some of which are found
elsewhere <www.natrium42.com/halo/flight2/>. Figure 17 was taken by the still camera on
the HALO flight at an altitude of 27,784 m. looking vertically upward at the balloon. The sky
background is a dark blue; the balloon's circumference is not exactly round by a factor of one
part in a hundred.12


                            Figure 17. High Altitude Object (HALO) Balloon
                                      Photographed from Beneath


    Personal balloons are also used for sporting purposes, sometimes just to prove that a
certain feat can be accomplished. There is a very small community of people worldwide who
practice the extreme sport of cluster ballooning. Figure 18 shows John Ninomiya on one of
his colorful flights. In theory, a single balloon could become liberated from the cluster and fly
away on its own. It could be any color and could rise to well above 20,000 feet. The authors
are not aware that this has ever happened; however, it is entirely plausible.


12
     This asphericity may be the result of air-current distortion of the balloon.
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                         Page 15                      Osborn & Haines


                             Figure 18. Manned Flight Using Cluster Balloons


  Figure 19 shows a person hanging below a single balloon made of circumferential panels.
The air heating element must be out of sight within the base of the balloon.


                            Figure 19. Hot Air Balloon Supporting One Person
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                        Page 16                       Osborn & Haines


    When LTA balloons ascend they may assume unusual shapes when viewed from different
vantage locations. The balloon shown in Figure 20 has assumed a fattened teardrop shape as it
rises.


                   Figure 20. Teardrop Shaped Research Balloon Photographed
                                         from the Ground

   Another class of balloons that must be considered are latex rubber party balloons that are
available in a wide range of colors, shapes, and sizes. Hundreds if not thousands of such
balloons are sometimes launched at the same time during sporting and religious festivals.13
Should one or more of these balloons be injested into a jet engine intake they probably would
not cause significant damage, however pilots might change their flight path abruptly to avoid
a dense cluster of such small balloons. Figure 21 was taken in Mexico in 2009 and shows a
dozen reddish balloons in the desert sky.


                      Figure 21. Multiple Balloons in the Sky in Mexico

13
     <www.thingsasian.com/stories-photos/2207>
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                     Page 17                             Osborn & Haines


    An evening photograph shown in Figure 22 was taken in Cambridgeshire, England and
was reported in the Daily Mail on June 15, 2009. The identity of these luminous globes has
not been determined so far. <http://dandare.wordpress.com/category/ufo-photographs/>
It is interesting to speculate about what a pilot might do if he saw these objects ahead of him
at night.


                       Figure 22. Photograph of Eleven Luminous Globes


   The final aerial object considered is the Dynalifter. Figure 23 shows a small developmental
model of it seen from the front and at ground level. It is almost circular with four stubby
wings. When seen from the side, however, the so-called Heavy Freighter is almost four times
the length of a Boeing 747 jet airplane! <http://www.dynalifter.com>


                 Figure 23. Front View of Developmental Dynalifter Airship
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                               Page 18                                    Osborn & Haines


Balloon Conspicuity and the See and be Seen Rule of Aviation
    Aviation in the United States of America and many other nations is still guided largely by
the See and be Seen Rule which places final responsibility for in-flight collision avoidance in
particular and flight safety in general upon the pilot. The pilot is ultimately responsible for
seeing obstacles to flight and operating their airplanes in such a manner that they are also seen
by other flight crews and air traffic control personnel on the ground.14 Of course, if the
atmospheric visibility conditions are poor and/or if the distant target object or vehicle is small
or camouflaged the see and be seen rule is partially or totally compromised and radar is
required.

    The conspicuity of balloons is an important consideration in flight safety. If a flight crew
cannot see a balloon in time when the airplane is flying on a direct approach path to one a
collision is inevitable. Commercial jets and most military airplanes travel at such high speeds
that relatively small balloons may not become visible until it is too late to avoid hitting them.
A review of near-miss pilot reports in the UK describe a number of spherically shaped objects
that narrowly missed the airplane (Ridyard, 2000). The Aviation Safety Reporting System
managed by NASA for the FAA in America contains many more.

   Whether or not the presence of a balloon can be perceived is a complex result of such
factors as its angular size and shape, its contrast with its visual background, its angular
velocity relative to nearby fixed visual referents, and to a lesser degree its color.15 Intervening
atmosphere will largely determine its contrast, brightness, and color. The surface
characteristics of the balloon will largely determine its specular16 and directional reflectivity.
Compare the appearance of the balloons shown in Figure 10, 11, 12, 13, and 19. Each presents
a different degree of transparency relative to their background sky brightness and color. In
Figure 12 it is only the intense solar reflected highlights that make the surface visible at all,
the rest of the balloon's surface becomes almost invisible!

   As Lally (Ibid. pg. 759) points out, small diameter neoprene weather balloons are launched
after dark for nighttime soundings in many other nations than the U.S.A. In order to make
them visible from the ground at night small candles (or battery operated lamp) are suspended
beneath them in a wind-shielded holder. In the U.S.A. the FAA requires that all large diameter
research balloons below 60,000 feet altitude must carry a light. Collom's (2009) article in The
Arizona Republic newspaper describes a recent evening sighting in clear air of a conspicuous
object by a number of eye witnesses on the ground. They used such expressions as "dazzling
light," "orb that shone like diamonds," "huge, shiny object," and "…a cable hanging from the
orb could be seen by the naked eye." An official at Sky Harbor International Airport in
Phoenix said the object was a weather balloon.


14
     The second is accomplished by activating on-board transponding equipment upon ATC request.
15
     Some useful guidelines and discussion for making these calculations are given elsewhere (Haines, 1980).
16
     Specular reflections are mirror-like in that a very high percentage of incident radiation is reflected and the
          angle of incidence equals the angle of reflectance. This principle is used in some stealth aerovehicles.
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                            Page 19                                  Osborn & Haines


     Weather (radiosonde) balloons are made of neoprene rubber that is opaque regardless of
its color.17 However, as it slowly expands as it rises the rubber becomes thinner, more
translucent and it scatters more ambient (solar) illumination. At an altitude of about 20,000
feet their relatively small diameter make them virtually invisible from the ground with the
naked eye. However, neoprene reflects more ambient illumination than polyethylene at any
altitude.

   Super-pressure "Ghost" balloons are usually almost spherical and of small size (five feet
diameter at 20,000 feet, seven feet at 40,000 feet, ten feet at 60,000 feet.

   Polyethylene (research) balloons absorb about five percent of incident solar radiation, the
other ninety-five percent is reradiated from its surface sometimes in visually unusual ways.
Simple scattering can account for up to thirty percent of this radiation (Lally,1968).


FAA Rules Concerning Unmanned Balloons
    The Federal Aviation Administration has issued requirements to be met by anyone wishing
to launch unmanned balloons. They are found in Part 101, sub-chapter F, Air Traffic and
General Operating Rules within the Title 14 of the Code of Federal Regulations. At the most
general level no unmanned free balloon will (be permitted to ) create a hazard to other persons
or their property. Different regulations have been issued depending on payload weight: Four
pounds or less (exempted); four to six pounds (exempt only if the weight is under three
ounces per square inch along the smallest side); Six pounds or more (certain operating
limitations apply such as maximum cloud cover, marking requirements, formal notification
and location reporting to Air Traffic Control.).

   Equipment and Marking: (a) Payload must be able to be cut down by two independent
systems, (b) Two independent means of terminating the balloon's flight, (c) A radar reflector
must be included, (d) Lights for all night flights, (e) Color pennants attached to all suspension
cables longer than 50 feet, and (f) The parachute must be a highly conspicuous color.

    Operating Limitations: (a) Must not ascend higher than 2,000 feet if within a control zone
(unless permission is received from ATC), (b) Not permitted if cloud cover is greater than
fifty percent, (c) Not permitted within congested areas for the first 1,000 feet of altitude, (d)
Not permitted where impact may create a hazard to persons or property.

   Notification Requirements: (a) At least no less than six to twenty-four hours before launch,
(b) At launch, (c) Cancellation (if applies), (d) Location (geographic and altitude, as
required), (e) Derelict status (if control is lost), and (f) At landing.


17
     There are seventy national launch sites for radiosonde balloons in the conterminous USA. Two balloons
          are sent up every day, twelve hours apart. (www.spectrasensors.com/wvss/>
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                               Page 20                                    Osborn & Haines


Balloons as Threats to Aviation
    Balloons (and their payloads)18 can pose a threat to flight safety as the FAA has made clear
(AIM, Section 7-5-4). The Airman's Information Manual points out that most unmanned free
balloons have a suspension device to which the payload or instrument package is attached, or
a trailing antenna wire (or both). While the balloon may be visible to pilots flying nearby
these suspended cables and payloads may not be visible due to their small size. Therefore,
"…aircraft should remain well clear of all unmanned free balloons and flight below them
should be avoided at all times." (Ibid., pg. A-406) In addition, section h of paragraph 3-2-1 of
Chapter 3 "Airspace" specifies that unmanned free (flying) balloons may not be flown below
2,000 feet altitude if they are inside the "lateral boundaries of Class B, Class C, Class D, or
Class E airspace designated for an airport." (Ibid., pg. A-118)


Selected In-Flight Incidents
   An interesting in-flight collision in the United Kingdom occurred on June 13, 1997
between a Cessna 421 in cruise flight and an "unidentified object." The Golden Eagle flight
was at FL 180 near ROLAMPONT VOR when something unexpectedly struck the left
windshield. The glass was shattered, the pilot reduced airspeed and altitude immediately and
the flight continued to its destination. The incident was investigated by the CAA and the
object was never identified. (Occ. number 199702943).

    Another near-miss incident in England took place on June 9, 1998 near London LHR when
an MD-81 commercial jet was climbing after takeoff. The crew reported seeing an
"illuminated metallic grey object, in and out of cloud, passing slightly above and 30 - 50
metres away." The object was not detected on ground ATC radar. (Occ. number 199803283).

    An Airbus A319 was on the downwind leg of an approach to London-Heathrow airport's
runway 09L on March 3, 2001. At about 17 km ENE of the runway the crew saw "five or six
blue balloons suspending a white device." They were at FL 80 at the time and the object(s)
passed by them at an estimated lateral distance of 100 feet and from 100 to 200 feet below the
jet. The meteorological office confirmed that their balloons are orange. (Occ. number
200101399)

   Another near-miss with a weather balloon occurred on June 5, 2004 about eight miles from
Trent, UK. The pilot of a B-737 in descent mode at FL 158 when he called ATC to report
passing a weather balloon or drogue parachute. The meteorological office confirmed that the
balloon was not one of theirs. (Occ. number 200403706).

  Other possible near-misses with balloons in the U.K. are found in CAA Occurrences
number: 8003311C; 8100542C; 8201671B; 8302525A; 200000766; and 200303567.


18
     The mass of a typical payload usually exceeds that of the balloon used to take it aloft. It is the mass of the
          object striking an airplane times the impact velocity that determines the resultant impact force that will
          determine the resultant amount of destruction (if any).
narcap Project Sphere 4.2                    Page 21                              Osborn & Haines


Conclusions
    As this brief review has shown there are several small UAV as well as some large
balloons that approach a sphere in form. Under certain viewing conditions it is possible for a
large balloon to be seen at almost any altitude from the ground and at large horizontal
distances. There are also a number of UAV and balloons that could appear round from some
viewing perspectives but not others. However, no absolutely spherical heavier-than-air craft
were discovered. We could find no information on large UAVs that fly at high altitudes and
could be mistakenly identified as spherical. This could change with new developments, and
this review should be updated within a few years.

   While most balloons are passive and are borne by the ambient wind others are self-
powered and can fly against the wind. Although there are about two hundred NOAA weather
balloons launched every day in the USA alone and scores of others that may or may not
ascend as high there does not appear to be particular concern expressed by aviation officials
about mid-air collisions with them. The probability of a mid-air collision is so small that this
lack of concern appears to be justified on statistical grounds alone.


References
Collom, L., Light spotted in sky IDed as weather balloon. The Arizona Republic, June 11,
        2009.
Federal Aviation Regulations/Aeronautical Information Manual, Jeppesen Sanderson, Inc.,
        Englewood, Colorado, 1999.
Jane’s Unmanned Aerial Vehicles and Targets, 2009. Jane’s Information Group,
        Coulsdon, Surrey, UK.
Lally, V.E., Balloons - Types, Flight Profiles and Visibility. Chpt. 8 In D. S. Gillmor (Ed.),
        Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects. Bantam Books, New York,1968.
Lowell, 2009 <www.lowell.edu/blog/wp-content/uploads/balloon_090611>
Reynish, W., UAVs Entering the NAS. www.aviationtoday.com/av/categories/bga/UAVs-
        Entering-the-NAS_1139.html, October 1, 2004.
Ridyard, C., Appeal to the Ombudsman: Britain's UFO Secrets Revealed. UFO Magazine,
        September - October 2000.
http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Kamov_Ka-137.jpg
http://defense-update.com/products/h/hovereye.htm
http://www.aviastar.org/helicopters_eng/ka-137.php
http://www.aiaa.org/aerospace/article.cfm?issuetocid=365
http://www.popsci.com/announcements/article/2010-02/march-2010-issue-aerobot-invasion
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unmanned_aerial_vehicle
http://www.infotron.fr/
http://www.uavforum.com/
http://pbs.org/wgbh/nova/spiesfly/uavs.html
