{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:35:23Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 102685, "source_file": "NARCAP/documents/narcap_ProjSph_Preface.pdf", "source_sha256": "0859f47cf3569dfbe9b57bd9ad86d9c2b7c7e7d7669fed6a36c27b3435b6d539", "source_url": "https://www.narcap.org/s/narcap_ProjSph_Preface.pdf"}

narcap Project Sphere – Preface                  Page 1


                                                Preface

    As the unabridged dictionary definitions given below makes abundantly clear, the English word
'sphere' represents many different things. Perhaps some of this diversity comes from its antiquity,
having been filtered through so many centuries of interconnected and interdependent languages.
The etymology of this word can be traced back to ancient Greece and perhaps Persia having the
word ‘sepehr’ meaning sky. Whether or not they are cognate is debated.

                             sphere, noun. 1. a solid geometric figure generated
                          by the revolution of a semicircle about its diameter; a
                          round body whose surface is at all points equidistant
                          from the center. 2. any rounded body approximately of
                          this form; a globular mass, shell, etc. 3. a planet or star;
                          heavenly body. 4. See celestial sphere. 5. Astron. any
                          of the transparent, concentric, spherical shells, or layers
                          in which, according to ancient belief, the planets, stars,
                          and other heavenly bodies were set. 6. the place or
                          environment within which a person or thing exists; a
                          field of activity or operation: to be out of one's
                          professional sphere. 7. a particular social world, stratum
                          of society, or walk of life: His social sphere is small. 8.
                          a field of something specified: a sphere of knowledge.
                          9. to enclose in or as in a sphere. 10. to form into a
                          sphere. 11. to place among the heavenly spheres.
                           [<LL spher(a), var. of L sphaera globe < Gk sphaira
                          (ball); r. ME spere (globe) < OF (e) spere < LL spera , var of
                          sphera]
                          -Syn. 2. See ball ΣΦǺΊΡǺ “ball”


    Another important characteristic of a sphere lies within its three-dimensional nature. A sphere
is the only fixed, finite size figure, i.e., not a point, found in the study of geometry that remains
invariant when viewed from any direction. So what are we to do with such a word? Here we
consider briefly a few of the more philosophical and psychosocial aspects of the idea of spheres.
The remainder of this report will focus on the more solid, technical, mathematical, and scientific
matter of spheres as they relate to unidentified aerial phenomena and flight safety.

    A circle, as Carl Jung (1950) pointed out is a fundamental in life, indeed an archetype of
wholeness in a psychological sense. In it he saw many different things and showed that the two
dimensional circle is indeed a powerful symbol. His idea of completion comes from the fact that
there is no beginning and no end to a circle. Jung's idea of a safe refuge derives from the enclosed
space within it while the concept of inner reconciliation grows out of his theorizing that his clients
often seemed to move in the direction of growth and balance within themselves.
narcap Project Sphere – Preface                Page 2


    The concept of the circle has Eastern roots as well. The term "mandala" is derived from an
ancient Sanskrit term meaning "essence" plus "having" or "containing" and is also translated as
"completion" or "circle-circumference." Originally of Hindu origin, the word “mandala” is used
both as a noun (e.g., a tool used in spiritual teaching) and a verb (e.g., induction aid for
meditation). To many people the mandala represents wholeness and serves as "… a model for the
organizational structure of life itself--a cosmic diagram that reminds us of our relation to the
infinite, the world that extends both beyond and within our bodies and minds." (Anon, 2009) The
most accepted traditional design is a circle as a symbol of the cosmos combined with a square
symbolizing the man-made world.

    While this discussion may appear to be a long way from UAP and aviation safety, perhaps it is
not as far as one might imagine. Consider that the circle is a two-dimensional form while a sphere
is three-dimensional, the revolution of a semicircle about its diameter. This suggests that the
sphere is a more solid representation (a symbol?) of super completion (in yet in one dimension
beyond that of a circle) and exquisite perfection. Are spherical UAP meant to symbolize
something to us beyond their outward physical appearance? Is their form really part of their
message? Should we be seeking some truth beyond their physical characteristics and their effects
upon airplane flight systems? The wise person will keep all of these doors open because no one
yet knows what these particular UAP are.

   This collection of articles is focused upon this single form. Each article considers a particular
aspect of spherical UAP, those poorly understood but ubiquitous visual phenomena in Earth's
atmosphere that existed yesterday, exist today, and will very likely exist far into the future!


                                                                             Richard F. Haines
                                                                             April 2010


        References
        Anon, www.mandalaproject.org/What/Index.htlml, 2009.
        Jung, C., Concerning Mandala Symbolism. Uber Mandalasymbolik, Gestaltungen
                des Unbewussten, Zurich, 1950.
        Stein, J., (Ed.), The Random House Dictionary of the English Language, Random
                House, Inc., New York, 1966.
