{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:35:21Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 404442, "source_file": "NARCAP/documents/narcap_IR-7-Basterfield-Dean.pdf", "source_sha256": "0a835d4e53b91308495714311fdd763947106c4ffd3a6e916c5cbc06b8ef0201", "source_url": "https://www.narcap.org/s/narcap_IR-7-Basterfield-Dean.pdf"}

NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                                Basterfield and Dean


NARCAP IR-7, 2015


                 Near-miss Between an Australia Airplane and an “Unknown
                  Object” Near Perth, Western Australia on 19 March 2014


                  Keith Basterfield                               Paul Dean
               Independent Australian                   Historical UAP Documentation
              UAP Researcher (Adelaide)                    Researcher (Melbourne)


                                         January 2015
                                          Copyright


                                       1. Background

     In Australia, according to the website of the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB)
the bureau "...is Australia's national transport safety investigator... The ATSB is Australia's
prime agency for the independent investigation of civil aviation, rail and maritime accidents,
incidents and safety deficiencies."

     On the ATSB website is a listing of "Aviation Safety Investigations & Reports." This
listing provides details of incidents such as near collisions between aircraft. One of the
authors (PD) noted that one of these near collision reports involved an "unknown object."

ATSB report number AO-2014-052 reads as follows:

    "The ATSB has commenced an investigation into a near collision with an unknown
object involving a De Havilland DHC-8, VH-XFX near Perth Airport, Western Australia
on 19 March 2014. Whilst passing 4,000ft on descent the crew observed an unknown object
tracking directly towards the aircraft. The crew manoeuvred the aircraft to maintain
separation. As part of the investigation the ATSB will interview the aircrew. A report will
be released within several months."

This ATSB preliminary report goes on to provide general details as follows:

Date: 19 Mar 2014
Time: 0913 WST (local)
Location: Perth Airport, NNE 23 km
Investigation type: occurrence investigation
Occurrence class: Operational
Occurrence category: Serious incident
                                                    1
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                            Basterfield and Dean


Report status: Pending
Expected completion: June 2014
Aircraft details: de Havilland Canada
Model: DHC-8-314
Registration: VH-XFX
Serial number: 313
Type of operation: Charter
Sector: Turbo prop
Damage to aircraft: Nil
Departure point: Kambalda, WA
Destination: Perth, WA.

     On 26 May 2014 the ATSB released their four page report on the incident. The first page
was simply a cover sheet; page two was ATSB information; page three was headed "Near
collision between an unknown object and a De Havilland DHC-8." It read:

“What happened
    On 19 March 2014, at about 0913 Western Standard Time (WST) a de Havilland DHC-
8, registered VH-XFX was on approach to Perth Airport from Kambalda, Western
Australia. When about 23km north-north-east of Perth, at about 3,800ft above mean sea
level (AMSL), the crew sighted a bright strobe light in front of the aircraft. The light
appeared to track toward the aircraft and the crew realised that the light was on an
unknown object, possibly an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV.) The pilot took evasive action
turning towards the west to avoid a collision with the object. The object passed about 20m
horizontally and 100ft vertically from the aircraft.

    The pilot reported that the object was cylindrical in shape and grey in colour. It was at
about 3,700ft AMSL and in controlled airspace. The crew did not receive a traffic collision
avoidance system (TCAS) alert. The airspace below 3,500ft AMSL was military restricted
airspace and the Australian Defence Force was not operating UAVs and was not aware of
any UAV operations in the area at the time of the incident. The ATSB was not able to
confirm the details of the object or identify any UAV operator in the area at that time."


                                2. General Sighting Details

Occurrence details:
Date and time: 19 March 2014 - 0913WST
Occurrence category: Serious incident
Primary occurrence type: Interference from the ground
Location: 23km NNE Perth Airport, Western Australia
Latitude 31 deg 44.62min S
Longitude approx. 116 deg 4.7min E

Aircraft details:
Manufacturer and model: De Havilland Canada DHC-8-314
Registration: VH-XFX
Serial number: 313
                                                    2
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                              Basterfield and Dean


Type of operation: Charter-passenger
Persons on board: Crew-4 Passengers-unknown
Injuries: Crew - nil. Passengers – nil
Damage: Nil.

                                 3. Details about the ATSB

    The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) is an independent Commonwealth
Government Statutory Agency. The ATSB is governed by a Commission and is entirely
separate from transport regulatory, policy makers and service providers. The ATSB's function
is to improve safety and public confidence in the aviation, maritime and rail modes of
transport through excellence in independent investigations of transport accidents and other
safety occurrences; safety data recording, analysis and research, and fostering safety
awareness, knowledge and action.

   The ATSB is responsible for investigating accidents and other transport safety matters
involving civil aviation, marine and rail operations in Australia that fall within
Commonwealth jurisdiction, as well as participating in overseas investigations involving
Australia registered aircraft and ships. A primary concern is the safety of commercial
transport, with particular regard to fare-paying passenger operations.

   The ATSB performs its functions in accordance with the provision of the Transport Safety
Investigation Act 2003 and regulations and, where appropriate, relevant international
agreements.

   The object of a safety investigation is to identify and reduce safety-related risk. ATSB
investigations determine and communicate the safety factors related to the transport safety
matter being investigated.

    It is not a function of the ATSB to apportion blame or determine liability. At the same
time, an investigation report must include factual material of sufficient weight to support the
analysis and findings. At all times the ATSB endeavours to balance the use of material that
could imply adverse comment with the need to properly explain what happened, and why, in
a fair and unbiased manner.

About This Report:

   Decisions regarding whether to conduct an investigation, and the scope of an investigation,
are based on many factors, including the level of safety benefit likely to be obtained from an
investigation. For this occurrence, a limited-scope, fact-gathering investigation was
conducted in order to produce a short summary report, and allow for greater industry
awareness of potential safety issues and possible safety actions." This is the end of the ATSB
report.

   Figure 1 shows a Skippers DHC-8 aircraft, similar to the one involved in the event (photo
courtesy of FlightAware.)


                                                    3
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                          Basterfield and Dean


                                           Figure 1

                                   DHC-8 Model Airplane


                                     4. Our investigation

The authors:
1. Secured secondary radar data on the event.
2. Secured primary radar data on the event.
3. Obtained weather details.
4. Interviewed the command pilot.
5. Located similar events of this type in this area.
6. Obtained additional information from the ATSB.
7. Checked previous ATSB reports involving UAV.

1. Secondary radar data:

    The "Webtrak" website1 is run by Air Services Australia and displays secondary radar
data superimposed over a ground map. It shows the location of aircraft near Australian
airports. One can view an area up to 50 kilometres from selected airports. Only aircraft


1
    http://www.airservicesaustralia.com/aircraftnoise/webtrak/
                                                    4
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                               Basterfield and Dean


carrying transponders are displayed. For each aircraft one can find details such as its flight
number; originating and destination airports; an aircraft's moment to moment height (AMSL);
plus the type of plane. Time wise, one can check from 40 minutes to three months into the
past.

   One of the authors (KB) went to the "Webtrak" website and set the system for 19 March
2014 beginning at 0904WST. At 0909WST a DHC-8 aircraft, shown as flying from
Kambalda Airport (YKBL) appears on the radar replay, near the locality of Chidlow. This
was the aircraft described in the ATSB report.

   The following screen capture (Figure 2) is from Webtrak at about 0913WST on 19 March
2014. The DHC-8 aircraft is the smaller red aircraft seen in the middle top of the screen.


                                           Figure 2

                                 Webtrak Screen Capture

    The DHC-8 aircraft is shown following flight VOZ1432, registration VH-YIU, a B738
flying from Darwin to Perth. Some 20 kilometres behind the DHC-8 airplane (flight QFA485)
travelling from Melbourne to Perth, an A332 at 6,243 feet altitude. The crew of this aircraft
would have had the DHC-8 in front of them. Close to QFA485 was a general aviation aircraft,
a C82R at 8,186 feet altitude. However, the direction of flight of this aircraft was facing away
from the DHC-8 plane.

   The radar replay shows VOZ1432 landing at 0916 WST, the DHC-8 landed at 0919WST
and the QFA485 at 0920WST.

   Zooming in on the secondary radar image reveals that at about 0913WST, the DHC-8
aircraft was shown at a height of 4,124 ft. Looking at the track of this aircraft as displayed,
there does indeed seem to be a slight direction change at the reported time of the near
collision with the "unknown" object.

                                                    5
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                               Basterfield and Dean


    There are absolutely no other aircraft shown near the DHC-8 on the radar replay. However,
it should be remembered that secondary radar only shows returns on the display when an
aircraft is equipped with a transponder which provides identification to air traffic controllers.
If the object was an aircraft not using a transponder, then it would not show up on this type of
radar.

     Futher comment is called for in regard to the airplane’s flight path deviation. If the object
was coming from a direction of 285 degrees, and the pilot turned to 270 degrees heading,
then the object should have passed the aircraft on its right hand side. However, the pilot and
the ATSB report both reported that the object passed on the aircraft’s left hand side. How can
this difference be reconciled? We believe that the answer lies in the wording of the ATSB
report. It states that the aircraft had commenced turning at waypoint Woora, turning from a
heading of 285 degrees to one of 234 degrees. However, in order to avoid a collision the pilot
turned not to 234 but to 270 degrees. Therefore, geometrically, the object may have been
approaching from between 234 and 270 degrees, probably closer to 270 degrees, thus passing
on the left of the aircraft. Figure 3 shows the navigation waypoints discussed above.


                                            Figure 3

                         Navigation Waypoints Involved in this Case


2. Primary radar data:

   Primary radar shows returns of any kind. In theory it should show any objects reflecting
the generated radar waves with sufficient strength. Perth international airport shares a
primary radar system with the RAAF (located at RAAF Base Pearce located about 35 km
                                                    6
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                               Basterfield and Dean


north of Perth.) The authors therefore sought copies of primary radar data from both the
Department of Defence (KB) (DOD) and Air Services Australia (PD) (ASA), using the
Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).

    The length of the DOD FOI process exceeded the length of time that the RAAF holds its
radar data for (viz., apparently 30 days) and thus this was unsuccessful. However, ASA did
provide us with a DVD with a replay of radar data for that location, date and time. An air
traffic controller, who looked at this DVD for us, confirmed that it showed both primary and
secondary radar data. What did it show? It showed all the aircraft which Webtrak had shown,
but absolutely nothing near the DHC-8. Whatever, was seen visually by the pilot, did not
appear on radar.


3. Weather:

   The Bureau of Meteorology's website provided the following weather information for
Perth international airport. Daily minimum temperature 18deg C; daily maximum 32.4deg C.
Nil rain. Evaporation 6.6mm. Sun 11.0hrs. Maximum wind gust south-west 37km/hr at
1445hrs. At 9am temperature was 24.5deg C; relative humidity 51; nil cloud; wind from the
north-east at 13km/hr. MSLP 1021.0.


4. Interview with pilot in command:

   Both authors independently communicated with Skippers Aviation, the company who
owned VH-XFX and sought their permission to interview the main pilot. One of the authors
(PD) also spoke by telephone to a number of Skippers' employees to achieve the same aim.
After several months, one of the authors (PD) was advised that he had permission to speak to
the pilot, and did so on 2 and 3 July 2014. The following dot points were recorded, from the
conversation:

* The pilot, male, age 26, utterly ruled out the possibility of the object being a weather
balloon

* The object was travelling in the opposite direction to him, not merely hovering or floating

* He and the co-pilot registered "complete shock"

* Air Services Australia confirmed that no other flight crew reported seeing the object (via
ground radio after he landed)

* When he thought the object might collide with his plane, he sought a heading change from
ATC, but this was denied. He therefore changed course himself

* The object was still going "up" as well as travelling horizontally when it passed his aircraft

* He estimated it was only 100m from his aircraft at most, he said it could have been as close
as 30m
                                                    7
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                              Basterfield and Dean


* It had the ratio dimension wise of a cigarette, i.e. long and thin

* He said it was green in colour, military green actually, even though the ATSB report cites
the colour as grey

* The strobe light on front had a flash frequency of a second interval at most. It was whitish
in colour, and not red, blue, or any other colour

* The total duration of the event did not exceed 15 seconds

* A very rough estimate of the speed of the aircraft at the time was perhaps 450km/hr, despite
being on a landing approach

* There was no radar image of the object. ASA staff saw nothing on radar

* It definitely went past the aircraft on the left hand side

* The pilot undertook a voluntary drug, urine test upon landing

* He has no idea what it was, and didn't want it to happen again

*The plane was full of passengers (capacity of 53 people)

* No one told him, not to discuss the incident.

Perhaps the single most important difference between the pilot's account and the ATSB report
is that the ATSB said the object was grey in colour, whereas the pilot said it was green,
military green, in colour.


5. Similar events in the area:

A check was made for similar events from this area. Two were found:

a. In 1998, as part of a response to an FOI request to the ATSB, one of the authors (KB)
received the details of a 1998 incident. At 1515hrs on 8 November 1998, an aircraft was
28kms NW of Perth airport. The pilot reported that an unidentified flying object, bright
red/orange in colour, passed 30 meters below his aircraft. It was travelling very fast, as the
aircraft passed 9,000 feet. The object was estimated to be approximately 2 metres across. The
pilot said he believed that the object might have been a model aircraft.

b. The "West Australian" newspaper of Saturday, 18 April 2009, on page 7, ran the headline
"Toy plane crashes into jet." The story was that a radio controlled model aircraft had collided
with a jet, either a Virgin Blue or Qantas aircraft. Two young men had been observed
operating the model some 500 metres from the runway threshhold. A more detailed account
appeared on page 9 of the Tuesday 21 April 2009 issue of the same paper. At 0800hrs on 17
April 2009 a model aircraft "...came within seconds of colliding with the 160 seat 737
aircraft..." The model plane was said to be 88cm long with a one metre wingspan and
                                                    8
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                             Basterfield and Dean


weighed 850g.


6. Possible ground witnesses. Our investigation was hampered by the fact that there are
currently no known UAP researchers in Perth who might have assisted with an on-the-spot
investigation. The authors therefore conducted the investigation remotely (from Adelaide
some 2,133 km from Perth and from Melbourne, 2,700 km away). An internet-based search
for possible sighting reports by ground witnesses failed to locate any. As of 9 January 2015,
no one has come forward claiming to have seen either this aerial encounter or an object of
this description. No ground witnesses were mentioned in the ATSB’s report, the pilot’s
interview, various media outlets who covered the incident, or any other sources searched by
the authors. It should also be noted that although the event occurred only 23 km from Perth
International airport, satellite photographs of the area reveal it is not a closely built-up
suburban area but scattered bushland.


7. Additional information from the ATSB:

   One of the authors (PD) communicated with the ATSB seeking additional information.
Part of the ATSB's email response read:

   "In this incident, the primary source of factual information was the flight crew of the
aircraft involved. The aircraft had tracked from IFR waypoint ROLOB to WOORA, a
heading of about 285 degrees, or WNW. After the aircraft passed WOORA, the next
intended waypoint was HAIGH, a track of about 234 degrees (south-west). As the pilot in
command commenced the turn, the crew sighted a strobe light tracking directly towards the
aircraft. The pilot elected to turn onto a heading of 270 (or west), rather than continue the
turn to the SW, to avoid the object which was on a reciprocal track. The object then passed
down the left side of the aircraft.

   The ATSB attempted to identify the object and its operator. However, as stated in the
report, was unable to verify what the object was, where it had been launched from, or the
identity of the operator. The incident was reported to the Civil Aviation Safety Authority
and the Australian Defence Force."


8. ATSB Unmanned Aerial Vehicle reports:

A check of the ATSB's database located two previous reports involving UAV.

a. AO-2014-056. Near collision between an unmanned aerial vehicle and a Bell 412
helicopter, VH-WSB, near Newcastle Westpac base (HLS) NSW on 22 March 2014. 2200hrs
and climbing to 1,200 feet, observed a steady white light. Helicopter then descended. Pilot
noted the light made an abrupt right turn and tracked towards the helicopter. The object's rate
and radius of turn indicated it was not an aircraft. "...more likely to be a small unmanned
aerial vehicle..." The UAV was seen as close as 100m away and level with the helicopter.


                                                    9
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                                Basterfield and Dean


b. AO-2013-167. Aircraft separation issue involving an Ayres S2B VH-WBK and an
unmanned aerial vehicle 37km SSW of Horsham aerodrome, Victoria on 12 September 2013.
At about 0930hrs EST aerial agricultural operation was occurring on a property. An operator
of a UAV [sensefly eBee-178] was conducting aerial photography. The operator radioed his
intention to launch a UAV. Flight of UAV was at 390 feet AGL. The UAV came near to the
aircraft.

    Readers interested in a review of various UAV physical and operational characteristics
are referred to NARCAP Topical Review 05, 2013 by Haines and Reed (www.narcap.org).


9. Internet search results. An internet search revealed a number of reported observations of
anomalous aerial objects or phenomena in early 2014 from this region NE of Perth.
Collections such as MUFON, UFOIN, NUFORC and others were searched. An examination
of these generally uninvestigated raw reports failed to locate any reports in the vicinity of
Perth possessing the visual characteristics of the UAP reported by these witnesses. In
addition, since 19 March 2014 until now (mid January 2015), despite the authors’ discussion
of this incident on numerous internet-based sites, no one has come forward claiming to have
seen this or a similar object.


                                 5. Discussion and Analysis

1. The "unknown" object was not picked up on primary or secondary radar from the ground.
It also did not activate the aircraft's TCAS. This all suggests that the object was not a
“normal” aircraft. The pilot's visual observation confirms this.

2. Was it an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) as suggested in the ATSB report? Civil Aviation
Safety Authority (CASA) Australia Advisory circular AC101-1 provides that UAVs are
permitted only up to a height not exceeding 400 feet AGL, and there are tight controls if
flown in controlled airspace. Recall that the aircraft at the time was near 4,000 feet. Recall
also that the Department of Defence is cited as saying that it was not operating UAVs at the
time and was not aware of any UAV operations at that time. In addition, the ATSB was not
able to identify any UAV operator in the area. Thus if it was a UAV, it was an illegal
operation.

    One of the authors (PD) telephoned two drone companies in Perth, i.e. “Coptercam” and
“Altitude Imaging.” Both responded in the negative when asked if current UAV are pencil
shaped?

    In addition, one should also note the pilot's description of the object. It was not that of a
multi- rotor, circular UAV, nor of a fixed wing model aircraft, but of a military green
coloured, cylindrical object with dimensions’ ratio similar to a cigarette, i.e. long and thin.
Note also, that the pilot did not report seeing any wings, tail, or propulsion system on the
object, even though he had a close visual observation. In the opinion of the authors, the
probability of the unknown object being a conventional UAV, is extremely low.

                                                10
NARCAP International Air Safety Report IR-7, 2015                                Basterfield and Dean


3. So, what was it? By any definition it was an "unknown object," an unidentified flying
object if you will, or an example of unidentified aerial phenomena (UAP.)

    Could there still be a conventional explanation, if it was not an aircraft or a UAV? Perhaps
the colour and ratio of its dimensions provide a clue? Could it have been a rocket or a missile,
of some kind? If so, why would such a thing have a strobe light on it? Apparent lack of wings,
tail or a propulsion system would all fit this conjecture. If it was a rocket or missile, where
did it come from and who launched it?


                                      6. Conclusion

   At this point, with no definite explanation, the authors consider the incident should be
regarded as an example of an unidentified aerial object.


Author Contacts:

Keith Basterfield may be contacted via email at: keithbasterfield@yahoo.com.au

Paul Dean may be contacted via email at: pj_dean@hotmail.com


                                                                       narcap_IR-7-Basterfield-Dean.doc


                                                11
