{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:35:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 142123, "source_file": "NARCAP/documents/narcap_ProjSph_21_aerody.pdf", "source_sha256": "8ec1e473e6882a17b9be3240a3cfcc48681644d97b58fa0bf5ee2b415b8746ea", "source_url": "https://www.narcap.org/s/narcap_ProjSph_21_aerody.pdf"}

narcap Project Sphere 2.1                     Page 1                                      L. Lemke


                                                2.1

                                    Aerodynamics of Spheres


                                     Lawrence Lemke
                            NARCAP Executive Advisory Committee


                                          February, 2010
                                            Copyright


Introduction
   This discussion is a qualitative treatment of a topic that is usually treated rigorously and
quantitatively in engineering textbooks. This discussion is intended for the general audience of
nonspecialists and will attempt to convey the main ideas behind aerodynamics of spheres in a
qualitative manner, with a minimum number of mathematical equations. As the Latin roots of
the word imply, aerodynamics deals with the dynamic flow of air (or any gas that acts like air)
when in proximity to a solid body. Aerodynamics is a special subset of the more general topic
of fluid dynamics. The significant distinction between air and more generic fluids is that air is a
compressible fluid, whereas other fluids such as water may not be. As a compressible fluid, the
density of air may vary from point to point in space as it interacts with a solid body and flows
around it.

Discussion
   A fluid is sometimes defined as a homogeneous body of matter that coheres together but has
no intrinsic shape of its own; rather, it takes the shape of its container. Since the time of the
early 19th century it has been understood that a body of fluid is an extremely large collection of
independent molecules in continuous kinetic motion. The molecules are very loosely bound to
each other and are continuously colliding with each other and with the surfaces of solid bodies
in contact with the fluid. As the molecules collide they transfer kinetic energy with each other
and with the solid surfaces. This transfer of kinetic energy gives rise to all of the forces that are
experienced by the body and by the fluid itself.

    This mutual transfer of kinetic energy means that aerodynamics may be viewed from two
viewpoints. From the viewpoint of the fluid itself, the challenge is to explain the motion of all
particles making up the fluid. From the viewpoint of the solid body, the challenge is to explain
the forces generated by the fluid flow and imposed on the body. For a complete scientific
understanding of aerodynamics both viewpoints must be considered. From a practical
standpoint, it is often the net effect of airflow on a body that is important. For example, the
amount of lift generated by a wing is the main concern that determines whether it will act as a
lifting body and therefore whether an airplane will fly or not. In this discussion, we will be
narcap Project Sphere 2.1                           Page 2                                        L. Lemke


mainly concerned with the net effect of aerodynamic forces on spherical bodies, and we will
discuss only as much of the details of the fluid motion as is necessary to explain these effects.

    Even though the patterns in fluid flow and the forces exerted on solid bodies in contact with
the fluid arise from the continual collision of astronomical numbers1 of discrete molecules, it is
fortunate that it is possible to understand fluid flow in a systematic manner without the
necessity of attempting to keep track of such numbers of interactions—which is a practical
impossibility in any case. This is accomplished by introducing abstract variables such as
pressure, density, and the speed of sound which exist as ensemble average values, measurable
at any point in the fluid. Instead of attempting to describe the motion of a practically infinite
number of individual particles, aerodynamics explains the behavior of a small number of flow
variables.

    As a practical matter, aerodynamics may be divided into two different types of flow
conditions. One condition is internal air flow in enclosed ducts, pipes, and the like; the other
condition is external air flow around a free body. In this discussion we are concerned with the
latter case—a single sphere moving through a uniform body of air. It is customary in
aerodynamic analysis to consider the solid body as being stationary in the reference frame with
a large mass of air flowing past it at some reference velocity (v). This velocity is referred to as
the free stream velocity. The assumption of uniformity means that the body of air is assumed to
be so large relative to the sphere that there is no interaction between air flow around the sphere
and air flow from boundaries or other objects. Also, there is no variation in the free stream
velocity in the direction lateral to the flow velocity before the flow contacts the sphere.

    Like all vector quantities, the free stream velocity is characterized by both a magnitude and
a direction. In general, when an air flow begins at a great distance from a body and encounters
the body2, the forward facing surfaces of the body will force the flow to diverge in a direction
laterally outward relative to the free stream velocity. In common terminology, the body pushes
the air out of the way to the side. As the flow is forced laterally, its velocity increases. After the
flow passes the point corresponding to the maximum cross-section area of the body the flow
will tend to converge laterally inward back toward the original flow direction. This makes the
important point that the air velocity immediately adjacent to the skin of a solid body may be
speeding up or slowing down relative to the free stream velocity. These differences in velocity
from point to point on the body correspond to differences in air density and pressure at those
points.

    If one were able to make a time-lapsed photograph of an individual molecule in the flow
field as it first approached, encountered, and then passed by the body, one would see it describe
a continuous path. This continuous path--no matter how twisted and complicated it may be--is
referred to as a streamline. It represents the natural path a molecule (or small body of fluid)
follows as it moves from the direction of high pressure in the direction of low pressure. The
pressure field varies from point to point in the air mass and therefore molecules located at
slightly different positions in the air mass will follow slightly different paths. The sum total of

1
    Avogadro’s number, or approximately 6 x 1023 is the number of molecules in 29 grams of air.
2
    Whenever the term “body” is used a rigid and solid body is assumed.
narcap Project Sphere 2.1                      Page 3                                         L. Lemke


all of these paths represents a conceptualization of the flow field around the body.

    It is an empirical fact that there will be one point on the body where the streamlines
separate. This may be thought of as analogous to the highest point on a mountain that separates
two different watersheds. A raindrop falling on one side of this peak will end up in one river; a
raindrop falling on the other side of the peak will end up in an entirely different body of water.
This point on the body that separates streamlines is referred to as the stagnation point. It has the
characteristic that an air molecule coming in with the free stream velocity and hitting the
stagnation point will come completely to rest (zero velocity). Points on the surface nearby the
stagnation point will experience air flow whose velocity is reduced relative to the free stream
velocity, but not completely to zero. Air flow that is very far from the stagnation point and does
not impinge the body at all will have its velocity reduced by a very small (even negligible)
amount. When an air mass has its velocity reduced from some initial value, the kinetic energy
of the air is turned into pressure. Because this pressure derives from the motion of the air, it is
customarily referred to as dynamic pressure and represented by the variable, Q. In the case
where the freestream velocity (V) of the molecule is reduced to zero (at the stagnation point),
the dynamic pressure is numerically equal to one-half the density of the air (p) times the
velocity (v) squared (Eq. 1)

                 1   2
              Q  v                                                                    (1)
                 2

  It can be seen, from this simple discussion that Q will be maximum at the streamline
impacting the stagnation point, will transition to smaller values on streamlines on the body
away from the stagnation point, eventually falling to zero for streamlines not contacting the
body.

   The dynamic pressure acting on a small increment of surface area of the body exerts a force.
Customarily, the component of this force that acts in the same direction as the free stream
velocity of the air is referred to as drag. The component of this force that acts at right angles to
the velocity direction (if any) is referred to as lift. In principle, if one adds up all the
incremental forces generated by the dynamic pressure at every point on the surface of the body
one will get the total resultant force acting on the body due to dynamic pressure. This illustrates
the important point that aerodynamic forces are surface forces. That is, they are transferred
from the mass of moving air to the body through a surface. Therefore, in order for the
conclusions of this discussion to be valid it is important that the body in question be
characterized by a solid, impermeable exterior skin. In other words, a required condition is that
no fluid flows through the exterior skin, but only around it.

    A given rigid body subject to aerodynamic analysis can be characterized by its shape, its
size, and its orientation relative to the free stream velocity. The orientation is often referred to
as the angle of attack. It is intuitively obvious that a single object for example, a flat plate, will
produce a very different flow field if it is presented to the air flow with its thin edge-on instead
of broad side on. Any child who has held his hand out an automobile window while it was
moving at speed and rotated it back and forth it will have direct experience of this fact. It is a
fortunate empirical fact that, for a given body shape, size, angle of attack, and air velocity the
narcap Project Sphere 2.1                     Page 4                                        L. Lemke


flow field around the body will be geometrically similar more or less independent of the size of
the body. This statement is not exactly true, but is approximately true over a wide range of
body sizes and air velocity and is therefore a useful concept. It produces the fortuitous result
that if the flow field and forces around an object of one size can be determined then the flow
field and forces around a similar shaped object of a different size moving at a different speed
may be inferred with some confidence. This generalization is what makes aerodynamics a
tractable field of engineering. This allows, for example, the performance of a large airplane to
be predicted on the basis of testing a small model of that airplane in a wind tunnel.

    We will now apply this principle to airflow around spheres. In aerodynamics, a sphere is
practically the simplest shape to analyze. As discussed above, the flow field around an object is
strongly affected by its angle of attack. A sphere has symmetry around all three axes, and
therefore its angle of attack never varies. In effect, the angle of attack of a sphere is always
zero. Nevertheless, even with exceptionally simple geometry the flow around a sphere can be
complex for several reasons.

    At the microscopic scale where individual air molecules interact with the skin of the body,
there are competing physical processes affecting the motion of the air molecules. Because the
air molecules encounter the body with an initial velocity, they have momentum. That is, air
molecules like all massive bodies in motion have a tendency to want to remain in motion
according to Newton's laws. At the same time, air molecules are attracted to the molecules of
the skin through electronic forces. These electronic forces appear in the form of viscosity.
Viscosity is a force acting between two small elements of mass moving relative to each other; if
one of the elements in question is the surface of a rigid body then the direction the viscous
force is acting in may be different than the direction the momentum force is acting in. At low
speeds, the exact direction that air masses move in at any point in the flow field around an
object is determined mainly by the balance between momentum and viscosity forces. This
balance changes with gas composition, density, size of the object, and velocity. The
importance of this balance between competing factors was first recognized by the scientist
Gabriel Stokes in the 1850s and popularized by the scientist Osborne Reynolds in the 1880s. A
quantitative measure of this balance between viscosity and momentum is referred to as the
Reynolds Number. Numerically, the Reynolds Number is defined as:

                 vx
          Re                                                                         (2)
                  

where p is the fluid density, v is the flow velocity, x is a characteristic dimension of the object
(the sphere’s radius, for example) and μ is the dynamic viscosity.

    We will now consider qualitatively how the Reynolds Number affects aerodynamic flow
around a sphere. First, consider flow with a low Reynolds Number; a very small sphere moving
slowly--such as a falling raindrop--is a good example. At low speeds, the momentum of an air
molecule is low. This means that the attractive force between an air molecule and a water
molecule on the surface of the drop is relatively large in comparison. Therefore, the momentum
that would normally cause the air molecule to try to travel in a straight line is overcome by the
attractive force and as a result the streamlines are attached very closely and conform to the
narcap Project Sphere 2.1                      Page 5                                      L. Lemke


spherical shape. In other words, the shape of a streamline immediately adjacent to the surface is
a circular arc. Whenever a streamline shape conforms very closely to the surface shape
immediately adjacent to it, the flow is essentially parallel to the surface and we refer to this as
attached flow or laminar flow. For purely laminar flow around a sphere, the streamlines will
separate radially from around the stagnation point on the nose and rejoin each other at a point
located 180° away on the sphere's rear surface [Fig. 1 (A)]. If the fluid surrounding the sphere
had no viscosity, it can be shown mathematically that the pressure distribution on the back half
of the sphere would be equal and opposite to the pressure on the front half and that therefore
the sphere would have no resistance to motion or no drag. In fact all real fluids including air
have viscosity and for small spheres moving slowly essentially all of the drag originates from a
viscous fluid flowing parallel to the sphere's surface.

    At the molecular level, viscosity acts to keep the streamlines attached to the surface; as the
velocity (and therefore momentum) increases air molecules have a stronger tendency to remain
moving in the direction of the free stream velocity. As the streamlines cross over the equator
between the front half and back half of the sphere they detach from the surface and no longer
converge at a single point opposite the stagnation point. This is called detached flow. Reynolds
was the first scientist to recognize and systematically explore the phenomenon that, when the
flow reached a critical balance between momentum and viscous forces (what is today referred
to as the critical Reynolds Number) the flow will transition from laminar to turbulent. When
this transition occurs on a sphere, there will first be a large region on the back half of the sphere
in which a stable circulating vortex will form [Fig. 1(B)]. As the Reynolds Number increases
                                                                      further, the point at which
                                                                      flow detaches moves from
                                                                      forward on the back half of
                                                                      the sphere until it reaches the
                                                                      equator that separates the front
                                                                      and back halves of the sphere.
                                                                      Under this condition, a stable
                                                                      circulating flow it is not
                                                                      possible, and the detached
                                                                      flow will enter an oscillating
                                                                      or unsteady regime. When
                                                                      observed in a time lapse
                                                                      manner, it will appear that
                                                                      vortices build up in magnitude
                                                                      and then separate and are
                                                                      carried downstream in a
                                                                      repeating pattern. In this
                                                                      condition, the sphere is said to
                                                                      be "shedding vortices" [Fig. 1
                                                                      (C)].

                                                                        At still greater Reynolds
                                                                     Numbers the process of vortex
                                                                     shedding will become steady
narcap Project Sphere 2.1                     Page 6                                        L. Lemke


     Figure 1. (Previous Page)Flow field around a sphere becomes
               more complex and turbulent as Reynolds Number increases.
               (Figures reproduced from Princeton University Department
               of Engineering lecture notes)


and the flow will be characterized by laminar flow on the front half of the sphere and turbulent
behind the back half of the sphere. At the highest subsonic Reynolds Numbers, the flow will
finally become turbulent on both the front half of the sphere and in the detached wake behind
the sphere.

   As the free stream velocity (v) approaches the speed of sound in air (c), another
complicating factor arises; this factor is the compressibility of air. The ratio of these two
velocities is given the name, Mach Number, defined as:

            Mv                                                                       (3)
                   c

    Like the Reynolds Number, the Mach Number is a dimensionless number which—when it
increases to certain values—signifies the onset of different flow regimes. The physical
significance of the speed of sound is that it is the average velocity with which the fluid
molecules are moving in random directions. Thus, as the free stream velocity approaches M=1,
it approaches the average random velocity of fluid molecules. When the local airflow around a
solid surface reaches or exceeds this average velocity, air molecules cannot move fast enough
to get out of the way of the surface and they pile up. This process of piling up creates local
regions of very high pressure and high density. These regions are referred to as shockwaves.
As discussed above, when air flow encounters a solid body such as a sphere, flow separates
from the stagnation point and speeds up as it is forced to flow around the front half of the body.
Thus, the local speed of air flow at some point on front half of the body will become
significantly greater than the free stream velocity. Therefore, as the free stream velocity is
increased toward the speed of sound, air speed around the spherical surface will reach and
exceed M=1 somewhere before the free stream velocity does. When the airflow at some point
on the body becomes close to or slightly exceeds M=1, the airflow is referred to as transonic.
Under transonic conditions, the flow regimes described above, which were driven primarily by
momentum and viscosity are now modified by the presence of compressibility driven shock
waves.

   When the air velocity everywhere on the sphere exceeds the speed of sound the flow is said
to be supersonic. Truly supersonic flow will be characterized by the presence of stable
shockwaves located in a fixed relationship to the nose and the trailing surface of the sphere.
Air that flows through the shockwaves will experience extreme compression and therefore
heating. At low supersonic conditions, the compressed and heated air is capable of transferring
significant amounts of heat to the object it impinges upon but the nature of the air itself is not
transformed. As an object such as a sphere moves through the transonic range and up through
the supersonic range the geometric arrangement of shockwaves around the sphere can be
observed to change. In general, as the flow becomes faster the shockwave angle will become
more swept back and it's attachment point on the sphere will move rearward. At speeds above
narcap Project Sphere 2.1                     Page 7                                      L. Lemke


approximately M = 5 the pattern of shockwaves will be seen to converge to a stable
configuration. In other words, the flow pattern once again becomes simple. Velocities above
this approximate speed are referred to as hypersonic, and this tendency to converge to simpler
flow conditions is referred to as “hypersonic invariance”. Thus, in a very general sense airflow
at very low subsonic conditions and airflow at hypersonic conditions is relatively easy to
describe. It is in the middle or transonic range that flow conditions are most complex. At very
high hypersonic speeds, compression heating can be so severe that the individual air molecules
are broken apart and ionized; in this case the flow will react to electromagnetic fields and
become extremely complex, once again.

    As can be seen, a full description of the details of airflow around a sphere can be very
complicated and will depend critically on the size and velocity of the air flow. Nevertheless, the
net effect on the sphere is rather simple; it results in drag but no lift. In other words, because of
the symmetry of the sphere, all the complicated forces and effects of momentum, viscosity, and
compressibility simply create a net force tending to drag the sphere in the direction of the free
stream velocity. The magnitude of the drag force will change along with the details of velocity,
size, and even surface smoothness, but its direction will always be parallel to the free stream
velocity. One way of conceptualizing this for purposes of quantifying the drag force is by
introducing the idea of a non-dimensional number referred to as a drag coefficient. As we
discussed above, when air with a free stream velocity, v, is brought completely to rest it
produces a dynamic pressure, (Q) (Eq.1). Any solid body has a certain cross-sectional area,
(A), that it presents perpendicular to the velocity. For a sphere the cross-sectional area is simply
the area of a circle with the same radius as the sphere (A = П r2). The cross-sectional area (A)
represents the maximum possible area of the body that air could intercept. The dynamic
pressure (Q) represents the maximum possible pressure that any piece of area could experience.
Since Q has units of pressure and A has units of area, multiplying Q times A yields a product
that has units of force. Thus, the product of Q x A represents the maximum drag force a body
could experience due to pressure. In reality, no real body experiences the maximum dynamic
pressure over its entire face; the pressure always falls off with distance away from the
stagnation point (as discussed above). Therefore, the total drag force experienced by a real
body due to pressure will be less than this maximum. The real pressure force will be some
fraction of the maximum possible and this fraction is customarily given the name drag
coefficient (Cd). The total pressure drag force exerted on a body of cross-section area (A), by
air flowing at velocity (v), is:

           F  Q  A  Cd                                                               (4)

where we recall from (Eq.1) that Q = ½ р v2. In this equation for aerodynamic drag, all of the
information about the shape of the object and the shape of air flow around it is contained in the
drag coefficient.

   As we have seen however in the discussion above, there are many qualitatively different
flow regimes that correspond for example to fully laminar, circulating, turbulent, transonic,
supersonic, and hypersonic flow. What we would expect (and what is seen experimentally) is
that there is a different drag coefficient for the spherical shape that corresponds to each of these
different flow regimes. In most cases, the drag coefficient varies between about 0.1 and a 0.6.
narcap Project Sphere 2.1                     Page 8                                      L. Lemke


For very low Reynolds Numbers the drag coefficient will actually be greater than one because
under these conditions very little of the drag is due to pressure and almost all of it is due to
viscosity.

    What has not been discussed yet is the idea that in order to create lift on a body it is
necessary that there be an imbalance of pressure between the top of the body and the bottom.
This can most easily be seen when the body is an airfoil section. On an airfoil the distance an
air molecule must follow when flowing over the top of the airfoil is significantly greater than
the distance a molecule would flow when passing under the bottom of the airfoil. This
difference in path length results in a difference in density and therefore a difference in pressure,
between the top and bottom. On a sphere, all paths around the surface are great circles and they
are the same length. Therefore, the airflow cannot generate a difference in pressure between
one side and another. This leads to the simple realization that a purely translating sphere cannot
generate lift.

   Nevertheless, it is possible for a sphere to generate lift if the sphere is rotating. As discussed
above, viscosity is a force that tends to make air molecules stick to the surface they are in
contact with. If a sphere is rotating at the same time it is translating the viscous forces will tend
to move air from one side of the sphere to the other thereby creating a density and pressure
differential. Any effect that results in creating a pressure differential from one side of the
sphere to the other and is perpendicular to the flight velocity will create lift. This effect is
referred to as the Magnus effect and is employed whenever topspin or backspin is placed on a
tennis ball, for example. Although this effect is real, it is usually small and a relatively
inefficient means of generating lift on a sphere.


Summary and Conclusion
    Any solid body with an impermeable skin will deflect air flow around itself when that body
is in motion relative to the air. A full understanding of aerodynamics attempts to explain both
the flow patterns of the air molecules around the body and the resulting system of forces
imposed on the body. For analytical purposes the sphere is practically the simplest possible
geometric shape to consider because it always presents the same geometry to a uniform airflow.
Even so, the details of airflow around a sphere can exhibit high levels of complexity; the flow
patterns change with differences in Reynolds Number, and Mach Number. This leads to more
than a half-dozen distinct flow regimes characterizing airflow around a sphere. Fortunately, the
net effect of airflow around a non-rotating sphere is to simply produce aerodynamic drag force
acting in the same direction as the free stream velocity. The relative magnitude of the drag
force changes quantitatively in the different flow regimes and is characterized by a non-
dimensional parameter known as the drag coefficient. Due to its high level of geometric
symmetry, a translating sphere is unable to produce aerodynamic lift. A rotating sphere,
however, is capable of producing low levels of lift inefficiently through a viscous interaction
with air molecules known as the Magnus effect.
