{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:35:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 3164603, "source_file": "NARCAP/documents/narcap_ProjSph_24_MaxTeo.pdf", "source_sha256": "06feb17d20f4736af2a40458093b725bc9bc2ff3d765e8024aa6a24a62c3f578", "source_url": "https://www.narcap.org/s/narcap_ProjSph_24_MaxTeo.pdf"}

narcap Project Sphere 2.4                 Page 1                                  M. Teodorani


                                            2.4

             Spherical Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena: Scientific Observations
                   and Physical Hypotheses, Danger Evaluation for Aviation
                               and Future Observational Plans


                                Massimo Teodorani, Ph.D.
                               NARCAP Research Associate

                                       October 2009
                                        Copyright

Abstract
    Spherical unidentified anomalous phenomena (UAP), of both plasma and solid-like
kinds, have been often observed in the world. Several monitoring campaigns have
permitted us to know some structural properties and the time behaviour of such objects. On
the basis of what has been observed so far, of the deduced constants characterizing the
phenomenon, and of the consequent physical working hypotheses that resulted, possible
dangers to aviation are examined from several point of view of physical science by taking
into account both a natural and an artificial nature of this kind of UAP. A systematic
instrumented observational plan is proposed, involving both recurrence areas and time flaps
of the phenomenon itself.


Introduction
   Sightings of anomalous light phenomena of spherical shape have been reported from
several locations in the world. Most of them have been classified as “earthlights” (Adams,
website; see Fig.1). The appearance of this kind of unidentified aerial phenomena, in general,
doesn’t show a solid structure or the clear evidence of a surface, but it looks more often as a
very bright spherical object having a much less smoothed contour than the one shown by
standard plasma. Most of these events have been documented by visual sightings; more rarely
they have been videoed, more often singularly, in other cases flying in a sort of formations.
Only a few of them have been monitored using scientific instrumentation. At the present time
many are the videos showing on internet the alleged evidence of this kind of anomalous
spherical objects, but the amount of fakes and hoaxes that are being persistently perpetrated
(Teodorani, 2009b) is so severe that a scientific examination is limited only to a very few
ascertained cases. The first part of this contribution will be dedicated to the description and
discussion concerning observations that have been carried out using scientific methods, and
which will deal mainly with spherical phenomena of the plasma kind. What do we know
scientifically of this kind of aerial anomaly? In fact we must fix in simple terms what we are
effectively able to document from observations where data can be effectively recorded. Some
work hypotheses on the possible physics of these phenomena are ventured and reasoned but
not definitively established, as this can happen only when the obtained data are in sufficient
number and when they are obtained using more wavelength observational ranges than the
ones that have been carried out so far and guaranteeing a better simultaneity of different
measurements instruments together. The second part will deal with some reasoning through
which it will be attempted to predict qualitatively a possible dangerous interaction of such
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                     Page 2                                    M. Teodorani


spheres with aircrafts, on the basis of their observed physical behaviour. Along with this topic
an ample discussion of physical theories and scenarios will be presented, trying to cover
several fields of physics and its possible connections. The third part of this preliminary study
will regard an observational research plan, in which new specifically aimed instrumental
observations are intended to show more evidences that can furnish to us a more complete
physical picture of what is seen and to prove or confute work hypotheses concerning the
possible nature of spherical UAPs. Only after this will be accomplished we’ll be in a
condition to evaluate precisely the level of possible danger to aviation and/or generally to
human activities. This is extremely important, because if we start too early to do calculations
or evaluate an order of magnitude of the expected physical quantities, we risk to settle
quantitatively an incorrect picture of the phenomenon (whose “map” might be very different
from the true “territory”) and consequently to produce an unrealistic and incomplete
evaluation of the threat that this phenomenon might constitute for human activities. New and
many more quantitative data are now necessary, in order that we are in a condition to
integrate them with the useful statistics obtained from selected witness cases. The possibility
that “light spheres” do not appear only as plasma objects but as solid artificial ones too is also
ventured throughout the entire report, both in form of hypotheses and in form of important
witnessed sightings coming from some parts of the world.


             Figure 1. World distribution of locations (yellow squares) where anomalous light
                 phenomena of the “earthlight” kind occur more often, according to witness
                    reports (author’s processing). Small brown dots represent fault areas.
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                   Page 3                                   M. Teodorani


1 – Scientific Observations
    Spherical shaped light phenomena, when not diffused as dubious videos on Youtube or
other channels of popular audience, have been confirmed as an existent phenomenon through
some scientific studies that have been carried out at locations where this kind of phenomenon
shows to be reasonably recurrent (Adams, website; Akers, website; Bunnell, website; Long,
1990; Pettigrew, 2003; Rutledge, 1981; Stephan et al., 2009; Strand, website, 1984, 1996;
Straser, 2007; Teodorani, 2004a, 2004b, 2008; Warren, website). The Hessdalen valley in
Norway is probably the prototype of these special locations, not just due to the many events
that are reported and videoed (and sometimes occasionally measured) but because the
existence of a permanent measuring station there and the occurrence of many international
missions in the area, make of this location a sort of “laboratory area” that is very well suitable
for the investigations of physical scientists in general (Strand, website). It can be now
confirmed that similar reoccurring phenomena are sighted in other areas of the world too: for
instance the Brown Mountain (Warren, website) and Marfa light (Bunnell, website; Stephan
et al., 2009) phenomena in USA and the Min-min phenomena in Australia (Strand, 1996;
Pettigrew, 2003) are quite well known and also scientifically monitored.

   Concerning the research carried out by this author and some of his collaborators in
Hessdalen (Teodorani, 2004a, 2008), it has been possible to depict a provisional but quite
precise observational scenario concerning the characteristics shown by these light spheres,
the most important of which probably are the following ones:

1. They are most often of spherical in shape, of different colours, mostly white, of often long
duration (up to 30-60 min, spaced out by moments of “off” and “on” phases) and quite large
dimensions (1-10 meters). Their duration and dimensions are respectively much shorter and
smaller than apparently similar phenomena such as ball lightning, given the empirical fact
that duration and dimensions are correlated together (Stenhoff, 1999). These phenomena have
been provisionally ascribed to the class of “earthlights” (Adams, website). Yet such
phenomena, together with ball lightning, are the only anomalous aerial phenomena whose
existence has been effectively confirmed by scientific methods of observation and statistical
analysis.
2. They are able to emit often a high level of radiant energy. The most credible measurement
attributed to them a power of the order of 20 KW in the optical. They are most often unstable
in luminosity and they are subject to a regime of light variability at the rate of a few seconds
or less, with no periodicity. Variability is irregular. They can turn on for some minutes (while
pulsating) and be turned off during a similar time. When they are turned off in the optical,
they sometimes might be still (and often strongly) strongly visible if a night vision system is
used.
3. The mechanism that determines their irregular pulsation, which causes an only apparent
inflation of the light surface, is now quite well known from instrumental observations. The
inflation is not due to the expansion of the spheres themselves but to the sudden apparition of
many smaller spheres (see Figs. 2, 4) that gather together around a common barycentre and
that multiply and “reproduce” themselves in a very short time following a mode that is very
similar to cellular multiplication. Due to this behaviour an in-depth study is presently
suggested in order to verify the possible evidence of a “plasma life form” (Tsytovich et al.,
2007). The observed multiplication of secondary spheres forms a “light cluster” and
determines a strong luminosity increase that is caused by the increase of the total surface
emitting area, whose angular diameter is given by the empirical formula:
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                  Page 4                                   M. Teodorani


                                   1
               D 2  P 2                                                            1
                E 
               d d  4  K 

where D = 2R is the intrinsic diameter of the light cluster (R is its intrinsic radius), d is the
distance from the observer, PE = 4 R2 K is the luminous power received in the optical
wavelength and K is the crucial constant of the problem, as both photometric and
spectroscopic observations give K = T, where T is the temperature. It is therefore clear that
just the radius R is the only parameter that determines the luminosity variation, assuming that
here we deal with an isotropic radiator. This means that the light phenomenon behaves (at
least at the time of measurements) isothermally, with no adiabatic expansion as a cooling
mechanism. This is confirmed both by photometric data, where luminosity increases linearly
with surface area (see Fig. 3), and by spectroscopic data, where the main observed spectral
features remain unchanged when luminosity varies. The nucleus of such a cluster of spheres
seems to be animated by apparently electrostatic forces, which determine totally erratic
movements around the nucleus or sudden appearances and disappearances, whose origin
might be due to a sort of “central force” able to trap the dancing spheres (Teodorani, 2008;
see Fig. 6) or to an external electrochemical mechanism mediated by water vapour and
aerosols that is able to confine them from outside (Teodorani, 2004a, 2008; Turner, 2003; see
Fig. 6). Occasionally some of these light clusters are able to eject some of the secondary
spheres following a sort of almost “instantaneous motion”. This behaviour suggests a electro
statically-driven kinematics and that all the components of the light complex are plasma
spheres, whose heat is maintained constant by a force that prevents the heated gas to cool: the
“off-luminosity” phases are suspected to be one of the main self-regulating regimes that
prevents these spheres from liberating their energy explosively when the temperature is too
high within a too small confining volume (see Fig. 3). Nevertheless the clustering behaviour
can be observed only when these light phenomena are observed with a zoom lens or a
telescope, or when the distance away from them is very little. When looked by sight these
light phenomena appear just like single occasionally “inflating” spheres, but a more careful
observation shows that they are composed of many secondary spheres whose appearance and
disappearance cause the observed light pulsation. In addition to the Hessdalen case, a similar
behaviour, such as the one described here, has been reported by witnesses who observed the
same kind of phenomenon in the case of the Min-min lights (Strand, 1996) in Australia and
the Hornet and Paulding lights in USA (Teodorani, 2008).
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                     Page 5                                     M. Teodorani


        Figure 2. The “clustering effect” manifested by the light spheres observed in Hessdalen:
              observed “light spheres” are in reality composed of many secondary spheres,
                     whose number increase is the main cause of light variability.


4. The 3-D light distribution of the overall light phenomenon is not usually of Gaussian kind
(typically represented by a smoothed bell-like curve, and where luminosity decreases
exponentially away from the nucleus) such as in the case of a more typical plasma, but it is
quite rectilinear, as it would be expected by an uniformly illuminated solid. Apparent solidity
can be more successfully explained by a model where electrochemical forces intervene in
confining the plasma (Teodorani, 2004a, 2008; Turner, 2003).

5. The very few optical spectra obtained of the light phenomenon do not show a “unified
pattern” (such as the one of a star of a given spectral type, for instance). This means that such
a phenomenon doesn’t contain specific chemical abundances of its own but its spectrum is
strictly dependent on temperature, density and pressure of the air where the localized heating
occurs, and also on the position of the light phenomenon compared to the ground. In fact if
the phenomenon occurs close to the ground, as it happens very often (see Fig. 4), it can
produce a spectrum that reflects the composition of the soil. Sometimes, if mold spores are
approached by the onset of a plasma regime the optical spectrum can simulate semi-
conductive characteristics showing a LED-like spectrum (Teodorani, 2004a). Therefore
spectra vary according to several parameters and do not constitute a fixed “unchangeable
identity paper” of these objects (Teodorani, 2008; Warren, website).

6. The light phenomenon shows quite often a radar track (Strand, 1984), and anomalous
radar signatures can be recorded also when a luminous phenomenon is not in sight
(Montebugnoli et al., 2002). This is very interesting because it might indirectly demonstrate
that also when the plasmoid is invisible it is possibly emitting in the infrared too as low-
energy plasma. This might be confirmed by the fact that – as it has been reported indeed –
when the phenomenon is in its off phases in the optical it can be visible using an image
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                 Page 6                                 M. Teodorani


intensifier (Teodorani, 2008).

7. Most phenomena that have been studied so far are of spherical shape, but a few cases do
exist in which different shapes have been encountered and where such a spherical shape
changes into something else. Some examples (see Fig. 5) of such anomalous shapes have
been recorded by this author in the course of his scientific expeditions in Hessdalen, Norway,
in the years 2000, 2001 and 2002 and in the Apennines of North Italy in 2005, and analyzed
by the same author from data coming from Avalon Beach, Australia (Teodorani, 2004b,
2008).

8. A time correlation with magnetometric measurements (Strand, 1984, 1996) and/or with
VLF-ELF measurements is occasionally confirmed and/or strongly suspected (Teodorani,
2004a, 2008). Possibly magnetic field intensity and VLF-ELF emission is strictly dependent
on the distance to the observer and/or to intrinsic properties, which might change from time
to time. In some cases the appearance of light phenomena seems to be correlated with an
enhancement of the amplitude of signals of well-known ionospheric origin (Teodorani,
2008).
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                    Page 7                                     M. Teodorani


        Figure 3. Above. Time variability during 3 minutes of the luminosity of one light phenomenon
            phenomenon (composed of many secondary clustered spheres) observed in Hessdalen,
             July 2001. Data were taken using a Canon TM-1 professional videocamera. Below.
             Correlation between luminosity (countings) and surface area of a light phenomenon
                                   characterized by a “clustering effect”.


9. There is no clear scientific proof that such phenomena are subject to colour change when
their speed varies. On the contrary, it can often happen that spheres of different colours (most
often white, red and blue) coexist together in a static configuration (see Fig. 4, Teodorani,
2004a).

10. Many witnesses report that such phenomena tend to approach very often people and/or
animals in a way that goes beyond a simple mechanism of electrostatic attraction. In fact
biophysical studies, to be possibly correlated with the findings coming from recent
experimental research (Tsytovich, 2007), have been deeply encouraged (Teodorani, 2008).


       Figure 4. One example of a multiple light-ball photographed by this author in Hessdalen,
                July 2002. Shape and dimensional variation is also shown on the left.


    These are the essential observational elements that can be technically described by
observations carried out so far, according, at least, to the investigations of this author and its
comparative studies with other investigators. It is out of the scope of this part of the
presentation to discuss in details the theories and/or work hypotheses that explain the
triggering causes and confinement mechanisms of such plasma spheres. It can only be
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                   Page 8                                     M. Teodorani


mentioned that the best candidate theories for the triggering causes of these light balls are so
far of geophysical nature, in particular piezoelectricity, triboluminescence and the more
recent and complete P-hole theory (Freund, 2003; Teodorani, 2004a, 2008), while the
proposed plasma confinement mechanisms have involved several kinds of central forces of
magnetic, electromagnetic, gravitational and electrochemical nature (Fryberger, 1997;
Smirnov, 1994; Teodorani & Strand, 1998; Teodorani, 2004a, 2008; Turner, 2003; Zou,
1995).


                                         Figure 5. Above from left. Peculiar shapes of plasma-like
                                         phenomena analyzed by this author from data taken by
                                         Chris Beacham (first photo) at Avalon Beach (Australia),
                                         and recorded (second photo) by this author in Casalbono
                                         (Northern Apennines, Italy) and Hessdalen, Norway (last
                                         two photos). Center from left. Sequential shape variation of
                                         two light balls into a rectangular shape (Hessdalen, 2001).
                                         Below left. Rectangular shape surrounded by spherical light
                                         balls (Hessdalen, 2001).


                                         These images may be compared with others presented in
                                         3.2.1 and 4.2.4 (Ed.)


    What is of interest here, once all the observed characteristics (that are available so far) are
fixed quite clearly as an overall constant of the phenomenon, is to try to predict what are the
effects that these light phenomena can cause in the environment and our technological
devices, such as for instance aviation and its safety. Therefore we should now analyze
critically some of the described characteristics and try to make consequent deductions
concerning the main point of pertinence: aviation safety (Haines, 2000; Haines & Roe, 2001;
Roe, 2004). This point will be made along with a quite detailed discussion of physical
hypotheses that might stand upon the nature of such phenomena in general.
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                           Page 9                                       M. Teodorani


        Figure 6. Two alternative models proposed by this author in order to explain plasma confinement
           mechanisms inside a “light sphere.” Model A. Plasma trapped by a central force represented
           by a strong magnetic field in the center of the light ball, where an adiabatic expansion and
           cooling of the plasma sphere, showing a color change from blue to red, occurs when the
           magnetic force decreases. Model B. Plasma confined from outside by inward electrochemical
           forces (derived from a theory by chemical physicist David Turner) mediated by increasing
           water vapour and aerosols balancing the outward adiabatic expansion of the plasma.


2 – Physical Hypotheses and Interaction with Aircraft
    Some spherical light phenomena have been seen quite often close to airplane fuselages
while the airplane was flying (Haines, 2003; Haines, 2007). A similar phenomenon occurred
during WW-II giving rise to the sighting of so called “foo fighters”1 repeatedly witnessed by
military pilots. Similar spheres have been seen (and filmed) going from up to down in the
streets of some cities. Popular ufology uses to call these phenomena “probes”, meaning in such
a way that these ones are “scout devices” sent from larger airships of alleged exogenous origin.
Recorded videos show in general no evidence of pulsation such as in the case of plasma
spheres described in the previous section; otherwise they show a not well-defined surface
contour of such flying spheres. Therefore there is still much doubt if these spheres are
structured metal-like objects reflecting sunlight, unstructured plasma objects, structured objects
producing some plasma on their external surface, or all kinds of phenomena together. One
interesting fact should be clearly noted in this specific context. The Hessdalen area, to which
most of the previous description of plasma light spheres is referred, has shown also something

1
    Also called “balls of light,” “balls of fire,” “Feurball” (German), “Kugleblitz” (German).
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                            Page 10                                            M. Teodorani


that might really make one suspect a “probe nature” of some of these spheres: this can be seen
in a video recorded in December, 4, 1999 (Strand, website), which shows quite clearly the
evidence of a little light sphere that becomes suddenly reunited with a much larger totally
lighted object of undefined shape (just vaguely triangular). This raises a quite hard problem in
the Hessdalen-like research in general, because from time to time something that doesn’t seem
just plainly “natural” overlaps with a more general apparently natural plasma anomaly of
geophysical origin. The question is still maintained as the following, and no definitive answer
to it exists yet: is really something “additional” (Teodorani, 2006, 2008) occurring in these
areas of geophysical reoccurrence of light spheres or is this apparent discrepancy only one of
the shapes that apparent plasma spheres can acquire occasionally? The same “overlapping
phenomenology” has been witnessed also elsewhere: in Avalon Beach, Australia (Beacham,
website), in Piedmont, USA (Rutledge, 1981), in the Northern and Central Apennine
Mountains 2 in Italy, just to cite a few examples.

    We do not know yet if plasma spheres and more structured ones are two different aspects of
the same phenomenon or if two different phenomena (one natural and one artificial)
occasionally overlap together in space and in time. Clearly if the first hypothesis is true
geophysical hypotheses concerning earthlights might need to be, at least partly, revised. We
still have to find an answer to this very crucial question.

   Of course we can venture a lot of elaborated alternative hypotheses but this would be
premature to the scope of this work, which is intended to be pragmatic and not speculative. In
fact what we are interested in here is to evaluate, regardless of the origin of light spheres,
how and if this kind of phenomenon can constitute a danger to our technology and to us.
2
   Personal sighting of a white spherical UAP. Concerning spherical unidentified aerial phenomena, I need
to report here a visual sighting occurred in July 9, 2007 (Teodorani, 2008) together with a colleague of mine
(physicist Gloria Nobili). We were both at the same time witnesses of a spectacular visual and daily sighting in
the mountains of Central Italy. The "ball" was totally white in color, it was flying at very low height just a bit
over tree tops, so it was quite easy to determine its approximate dimensions (not more than 50 cm in diameter).
The shape was perfectly spherical and it was behaving as a remotely piloted "drone" of some kind. This sphere,
of perfectly constant luminosity, appeared to have a structure and quite sharp surface contours, with no
resemblance of plasma balls such as the classical Hessdalen-like ones. The time of the day was about 12:30,
while we were having lunch at a little restaurant just outside. From there we could see the mountains (Monti
Sibillini national park) very well and very close to us. The place from where we had the sighting was
Castelluccio, a very little hamlet belonging to a wide plane named “Piana di Castelluccio”, and Monte Vettore
was the specific mountain where the spherical UAP was just sighted by us the first time. My colleague was in
front of me at the lunch table and she suddenly saw first the thing. I suddenly turned back and I also saw it very
well: we then locked on to its path until it disappeared. At first I thought of a large bird or so, but soon I realized
it wasn't. The white sphere crossed diagonally the mountain from the base to the top, and it took about a minute
to reach the top. It then disappeared and after another minute or so it reappeared then on the top of a
mountain behind Monte Vettore, just using the same very low-height flight mode as the first time with the first
mountain. Its velocity was constant with no acceleration, the regime of motion was linear but it possibly jumped
sideways once. It seemed it was using a sort of TFR (Terrain Following Radar) in order to avoid trees and rocks
and I estimated that the height of its flight was about 5-10 meters over the fir tree tops (in the low part of the
mountain). Weather conditions were: perfectly clear and sunny. It was apparently a technological object but it
was not shining silver metallic, otherwise it was just white and a little intrinsically bright. I might suspect that
such a thing might be a sort of new military experimental UAV, but I am not sure at all of that: it was
objectively too unusual, and its brightness didn’t seem to be produced by sunlight reflection. Unfortunately all
of our measurement equipment was inside the car as we didn't expect to see it at daylight; it was just a surprise
to us (we normally monitor the situation during the night). So we couldn't take any photo or video at that precise
time. Anyway, the day later I took a lot of normal and infrared survey photographs of that area (all around), just
to see if we could catch it again flying somewhere there. In fact we caught it in photo once (flying aside another
mountain there), even if the quality of the photo is not good at all and the weather at that time was quite foggy.
The best conditions to take a photo of this "sphere" was just during the first (visual) sighting, both due to much
more closeness and much better weather. Unfortunately we missed the best occasion to document it.
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                          Page 11                                         M. Teodorani


    It has already been said that more classic “earthlight phenomena” tend to occur very often
close to the ground (an example is shown in Fig. 4), but similar light balls have been seen
high in the sky too. Assuming that – as we expect and sometimes measured – these light balls
may be associated to a more or less intense electromagnetic, magnetic or electrostatic field, it
is obviously strongly suspected that this can in principle occasionally interfere with the
electrical equipment and with the electronics of vehicles on ground such as cars. Cases of car
transient malfunction or blackout are not uncommon, even if most of these cases are purely
testimonial and only occasionally relative to unstructured light balls. Some valuable
quantitative examinations of areas that were affected by an anomalous magnetic field after a
UAP sighting have been done in some cases (Maccabee, 1994). One example of the evidence
of occasional blackouts or power failures – in this specific case of measurement equipment –
comes from the first intensive monitoring campaign carried out by Project Hessdalen in 1984
(Strand, 1984), and this happened mostly when spherical lights were sighted or approached
observers.

   In both cases – cars and instrumentation – a blackout can be quite troubling but not
necessarily dangerous, but it can become seriously dangerous when this happens to airplanes
or helicopters 3. That’s the reason why we should interrogate ourselves on how and how
much this kind of phenomena, according to the observed characteristics that have been
observed in detail, can create a danger to aircrafts.

   Let’s try to reason on this by points, according to the branch of physics that might be
involved when such spherical UAPs interact with airplanes. What we can construct here is
not yet a well-settled physics but only several possible physical scenarios that might be
expected by such an interaction.

1. Thermal energy. – When the phenomenon is not interacting with the environment other
than the air in the sky, the produced energy (radiant power has been derived in a few UAP
cases: Maccabee, 1979; Teodorani, 2004a; Vallee, 1998) is expected to operate in two
different ways according to which kind of “spherical phenomenon” is involved, namely a
spherical plasma condensation or a possibly artificially propelled spherical probe.

   In the case of a plasma sphere, it is expected that the heat produced by the plasma can be
converted into ionization and excitation of the surrounding medium (Lang, 1998; Sobelman,

3
   The Caronia electromagnetic phenomenon in Sicily and spherical UAPs. Since 2003 something very
anomalous is occurring recurrently in Canneto di Caronia in Northern Sicily (Italy), in the province of Messina.
Unexplained fires suddenly started to occur inside many houses of this small town, which is close to the sea.
Many objects, such as blankets, armchairs, electric facilities, and other domestic devices were suddenly burnt
inside the houses, without hitting the persons who inhabit them (Il Mistero di Caronia, website).
Electromagnetic effects occurred to cell phones too, which spontaneously ringed or self-recharged. The
phenomenon went on continuously for many months, and soon people started to see very often “spheres of
light” too in the sky. An association of these light phenomena was soon made with the mysterious fires, whose
cause was then “symptomatically”explained by military physicists of the Italian Navy as nano-pulse and high-
intensity microwave beams (a technical report of the Government is not available yet to the public, at the present
time). A witness attests that he saw and then photographed a military helicopter that was kind of “chased” by a
sphere of light. Suddenly the helicopter was obliged to make an emergency landing due to an unexplained quite
serious damage occurred at that time on one of the blades of its helix. One of the blades appeared to be
“scorched” at some specific part of it. Technicians and scientists of both the military and geophysics institutes,
after devoting a long time to the monitoring of the area, ascertained definitely that no geophysical cause was
responsible for the global phenomenon seen very recurrently there. What is quite interesting in this case, apart
from the general described context, is the fact that some damage was reported by a helicopter due allegedly to
one of these spheres, which might be suspiciously associated with the reported and confirmed microwave pulses
of beamed radiation.
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                        Page 12                            M. Teodorani


1980), being the first mechanism active if the plasma is interacting very close to the medium,
and the second active if the plasma is less close than in the first case. This is due to the
decrease of temperature with distance. Of course such a physical behaviour can be deduced
from optical spectra of the plasma sphere, in which a totally continuum spectrum shows a full
ionization process, while a line spectrum shows an excitation process. The excitation process
doesn’t depend only on temperature but also on the excitation potential of the chemical
elements interacting with this kind of plasma. Clearly thermal interaction will occur firstly
with the surrounding atmospheric medium and occasionally with an aircraft, if this one is
approached by this kind of UAP.

    The physics of the problem can be in principle quantified by considering an essential set
of equations, which do not differ substantially from the ones normally used in stellar physics
(Kippenhahn & Weigert, 1994), where equilibrium between several physical forces is
considered. The main concept that must be described deals with a balance between an inward
central force of whatever nature and the outward pressure of the plasma gas. We now want to
try to establish quantitatively that which the structure of a plasma spheroid is. Assuming that
the plasma is represented by a high-temperature perfect gas having pressure P, temperature T,
mass M and density , that the sphere containing it has a radius r, and that the gas pressure is
counterbalanced by a “central force” of whatever nature that is able to maintain the stability
of the plasma sphere, we can fix the following set of simple equations:

              dP ( r )      M  ( r )                        Hydrostatic Equilibrium 2
                       
                dr             rn

Where  is a constant depending on the central force keeping all the particles together to be
still defined (as we have no confirmation yet of the real mechanism, but we have only
hypotheses on it), and n is an exponent that determines the way in which this force varies
with the radius of the sphere (if this force is gravity, as in the stars, n = 2).

              dL( r )                                            Energy Generation 3
                       4  r 2   ( r )  
               dr
Where L is the luminous energy of a plasma sphere characterized by a thermodynamic
equilibrium between matter and radiation, and  is a coefficient of “energy generation” (in the
case of stars this energy is constituted by nuclear fusion), which might be due to several
factors according to the model that is used to describe that which appears as a self-regulated
structure. Assuming that the plasma sphere is an isotropic radiator, then its bolometric
luminosity (Lang, 1998) – at all frequencies from X-rays to radio waves, passing through the
optical – is given by:

             LB  4  r 2    T 4                          Bolometric Luminosity 4

Where  is the Stefan-Boltzmann constant. This is a quite important equation because it
relates intrinsic physical properties such as T to radiant properties such as LB . Clearly LB
corresponds to the “absolute luminosity” that can be known only if we are able to measure
the distance d of the plasma sphere and the apparent luminosity LA through observations,
where LA is given by L  L / 4  d 2 . Moreover, assuming that what we observe in
                            A     B
distance is not the intrinsic radius of the sphere but only the angular radius   r / d , we
realize that if we measure  and we derive d using several methods (radar, Laser range
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                  Page 13                                  M. Teodorani


finding, triangulation) we are then in a condition to obtain r, which permits us to use
practically the equations that have been posed.

    Assuming that the produced luminosity is related to Temperature, we also have:

              dT         L                                     Energy Transport         5
                 
              dr      4  r 2

Where  is a coefficient to be specifically defined in the case of plasma spheres (in the case
of stars a thermal conductivity coefficient is used).

    Here we have prepared an essential set of equations that define the “plasma sphere
structure”, after assuming that a plasma sphere can be considered as a sort of “mini-star”, and
after showing how observed parameters are linked with intrinsic physical parameters. But,
differently from the case of stars, here we do not know yet the boundary and initial conditions
with sufficient precision, which can be only so far arbitrary, if we want to integrate this
system of differential equations and if we want to see the evolution of the involved physical
parameters with independent variables such as the radius and the time (Kippenhahn &
Weigert, 1994).

   Moreover it must be pointed out that we considered only the way in which luminosity is
related to temperature, but still we do not know exactly how these parameters are related to
electrical and/or magnetic parameters. In fact, due to some observed and witnessed facts
concerning plasma spheres several reasons exist to suggest that plasma spheres are
electrical/magnetic physical systems too. The inclusion of these parameters (we do not know
yet how exactly) inside previous equations renders necessarily the problem quite complicated
and the solution of a complete set of equations uneasy (but not impossible). This is only a
semi-quantitative reasoning aimed at stimulating a possibly complete way to fix the problem
to be solved quantitatively in a subsequent phase.

    Finally a photo-ionization factor should be taken into account too, above all if the photons
emitted by the plasma UAP are particular energetic, especially if they radiate in the
ultraviolet too. In such a case we can define this quantity:

                                     1
                      3  N*  3                              Ionization Radius    6
               RI                 
                                   2 
                      4    n P 


Where N* is the number of ionizing photons emitted in the time unit by the plasma sphere, 
is the recombination coefficient, and nP is the number of atmospheric particles involved in
the ionization process. Due to the spherical shape, this plasma object is expected to act
isotropically, namely radiating in the same way in all directions.

    What happens if such a plasma sphere approaches or impacts an aircraft? It is expected
that thermal energy is immediately transferred (Lienhard, 2006) to it and that the produced
damage to fuselage is proportional to the intrinsic energy density of the plasma sphere at the
moment of approach/impact and its capability to be transferred to the aircraft. We expect that
this may happen in several ways. If the sphere impacts the fuselage the energy can be
transferred locally, in case producing strong heating. The produced effect should depend both
on the time-scale with which such a thermal transfer occurs and on the total quantity of
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                        Page 14                             M. Teodorani


energy contained in this kind of plasma sphere. Let’s now try to imagine several scenarios.
For instance if the energy density is very high a short time-scale can be sufficient to cause a
consistent damage. If the energy density is low but the structure of the plasma sphere is
hydrostatically stable the time-scale with which the energy is transferred to the aircraft can be
relatively long (if the plasma sphere remains close to the aircraft for a sufficiently long time)
so that a damage may anyway occur. If the material of the fuselage is able to trigger a sudden
modification into the plasma sphere once an impact occurs, it is expected that the energy may
be transferred explosively, which normally occurs when the structure breaks on a time-scale
that is much shorter than the capability of the plasma sphere to reset up its hydrostatic
equilibrium. This manifests itself in form of a shock or blast wave (Book, 1994), causing
possible serious local damages or destruction of the aircraft, according to the quantity of
energy that has been liberated. If the explosion occurs in an adiabatic regime for the plasma
sphere (characterized by no heat exchange with the environment outside of the sphere) a
mechanical shock wave can develop by producing a consequent deflagration (with subsonic
speed) or detonation (with supersonic speed). The problem can be treated using the
hydrodynamic partial derivative differential equations, which describe simultaneously in time
and space the trend of the involved thermodynamic flux variable of plasma ions after
assuming precisely the way in which the density is distributed inside the plasma sphere, given
by:
            V         V 1 P                                (A) Motion                    7
                    V                   0
               t           r        r


                   V     2   V                         (B) Mass Conservation       8
                     v           0
              t     r    r    r


              P      P           dV 2V                   (C) Energy Conservation 9
                 V        P        
              t      r           dr   r 

Where V, P and  are respectively the velocity, the pressure and the density of a perfect gas, r
is a radial coordinate, t is the temporal coordinate and  is the adiabatic coefficient.

   If the explosion occurs in an isothermal regime for the plasma sphere the energy
conservation equation becomes dT / dr  0 , remaining the others unvaried. In such a
circumstance a “thermal wave” can be produced, where electrons move faster than ions
(Lerche & Vasyliunas, 1976). According to the observed physical properties of Hessdalen-
like spheres (Teodorani, 2004a), an isothermal regime for plasma spheres is the most
probable scenario. In such a case the effect is expected to be mostly thermal and it can create
a drastic overpressure generating the effect of a sort of thermobaric bomb. The damage to the
airplane can be totally destructive as well.

    A different scenario can be invoked if the plasma sphere enters inside cavities such air
intakes: it can create a sudden overpressure inside, as the air can be all of a sudden heated due
to the very small volume where this thermal change happens. If the liberated energy is strong
enough this overpressure can convert itself into engine overheating or into mechanical
destruction. If the plasma ball maintains a position close to one of the wings (or occasionally
the tail, ailerons, winglets, flaps or canards) and for a sufficiently long time it can seriously
cause an occasional pressure unbalancement on a side due to the sudden onset of a locally
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                          Page 15                                          M. Teodorani


and transiently convective regime and affect the aircraft aerodynamic stability, so causing a
possible stall and its consequences.

   But we considered only thermal forces just to simplify the physical problem. What
happens if we add a magnetic component to the plasma? It is well known from Alfvèn theory
(Lang, 1998) that magnetic force lines (if a magnetic field is effectively present in the
plasma) are “frozen” inside the plasma. This has been studied in plasma formations (such as
nebulae) in the interstellar space (Hiltner et al., 1962; Lang, 1998). Therefore the problem
here might probably turn from hydrodynamics into magneto-hydrodynamics. The inclusion
of a magnetic field means several important facts. Due to the existence of a factor given by
“magnetic pressure” the dynamical properties of matter are influenced by this, in addition to
mechanical pressure 4. Let’s now consider a plasma sphere that, as it is extremely probable,
contains its own magnetic field with its own pressure. If the sphere collapses for some reason
the law of conservation of magnetic flux says that when the radius of the sphere is diminished
                                  2
the magnetic flux   B  r is conserved, while the magnetic field intensity B increases as
the square of the radius r of the sphere. Clearly while this happens also the law of angular
momentum conservation given by   m    r (where m is the mass of ionic and
electronic particles and  its angular velocity) shows that if the radius of the sphere
diminishes and the mass remains constant, the angular velocity increases. This means that
when a plasma sphere collapses for some reason the plasma starts to rotate faster and the
magnetic field that is frozen inside it is amplified: this might be an example of magnetized
plasma toroid in fast rotation (Seward et al., 2001). Clearly the increased amplitude of the
pressure components (mechanical and magnetic) inside the plasma increase its temperature
and consequently also its luminosity, so that we have a highly energetic plasma sphere that is
suspiciously existing in a totally isothermal regime (constant temperature without adiabatic
cooling via expansion).

    If we assume that such a magnetized plasma sphere is already strongly collapsed when it
approaches an aircraft, we might pose now a crucial question: what happens when the plasma
sphere touches the fuselage of an aircraft? It is reasonably suspected that its equilibrium may
be suddenly perturbed or totally broken by an impact, where presumably a sudden transfer of
energy may occur to the fuselage. The liberation of this energy might be violent as the
“magnetic cage” containing the plasma might be suddenly induced to a rupture of its
magneto-hydrostatic equilibrium, maybe in a similar way as when a “magnetic cap” on a
much larger scale such as the solar surface is suddenly broken in a region where a black spot
is present (Thomas & Weiss, 2008) and where a sudden consequent flare-like eruption arises.
The effect should be expected to be explosive due to the release of an enormous quantity of
energy: maybe this would result into something that might be called a “magneto-thermal
explosion”, namely: a thermal explosion enhanced by the sudden liberation of magnetic
energy. Of course this is only a scenario, and these are only proposed ideas but it is important
to fasten them once and for all, in order to carry out an in-depth quantitative subsequent study
4
  Spectroscopic observation of a magnetized plasma. A possible magnetic field of a plasma sphere can be
measured using reasonably high-resolution optical spectroscopy, as the magnetic field is able to produce the so
called Zeeman Effect, which consists in the splitting of each of the present spectral lines into several symmetric
components around the position where each spectral line should be. The more is the wavelength extent of such a
splitting – quantitatively measured by a factor  (where  is the wavelength) – and the higher is the magnetic
field intensity (Sobelman, 1980). This fact is very important observationally because it allows us to measure the
magnetic field intensity directly from optical spectroscopy: this measurement is absolute, regardless of the
distance to the light source (differently from standard magnetometric measurements, which are strictly
dependent on the distance of the source, where magnetic field intensity is expected to decrease exponentially
with the distance of the source).
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                        Page 16                                        M. Teodorani


once the ideas are cleared and the physical problem is fixed and well posed in its
completeness. There is no doubt, anyway, that the study of plasma spheres has a strong
potential for fundamental physics and maybe also for possible technological applications.
This possibly includes new kinds of weapons: military scientists are effectively working on
something similar to that which has been exposed here (Hambling, 2009).

    In the case of an allegedly artificial spherical UAP, so far we are prevented from depicting
precise realistic scenarios, which should mainly depend on the way in which the alleged
propulsion engine interacts with the mechanical structure of the craft and with its electrical and
electronic systems. But we have so far no knowledge of this kind of propulsion system, and
whatever description would be probably premature as it would be mainly based on speculative
calculations of fringe physics (Hill, 1995; LaViolette, 2008). Nevertheless some happenings,
which are only partly scientifically deduced, show that some “energy beams” are suspected to
be produced sometimes by this kind of “probes” causing an immediate heating effect in the
environment (Haselhoff, 2001, footnote 2). What we know so far is that the most probable
energy source of such beams might be high intensity and very short duration microwave pulses
having a more or less narrow bandwidth, or even monochromatic. A specific MASER source
cannot be excluded in some cases. This kind of weapon is anyway not unknown to human
technology (Kochems & Gudgel, 2006; US Air Forces, 2002) because it seems to be the most
important mode studied (and possibly already employed) by the SDI (Space Defence
Initiative). A system of this kind is expected to be much more efficacious in space where the
total absence of atmospheric gas makes so that the energy of the beam maintains itself
concentrated and focussed up to very long distances. This doesn’t mean that such a system
cannot work effectively also inside our own atmosphere if the beam is intended to be shot at
relatively short distance, where, namely, the column density of the air is not sufficiently high to
absorb consistently the energy of the beam. Of course, there are many suspicions that such kind
of beam should not be aimed occasionally but rather intentionally exactly as a weapon system:
therefore in addition to a microwave or MASER beam also some alternative kind of directed
high energy (megawatt or more), such as LASER, might be suspected to be used (Kochems &
Godgel, 2006). After all we humans are already able to experiment with a certain efficiency
weapon systems such as the ABL (Airborne Laser) and the THEL (Tactical High Energy).
Nevertheless we cannot a priori exclude that some of these beams (in particular microwaves)
are non-intentional but rather the result of a propulsion system of some kind, something of
which is currently experimented by human technology (Myrabo, 2006; NASA, 1999). Clearly
most of that which has been discussed here is so far speculative. Nonetheless very precise real
and spatially recurrent events and not-unreasonable possible connections between the
production of high-energy radio emission and the sighting of spherical light phenomena (see
footnote 2), should induce us to a certain attention and to the preliminary depiction of scenarios
in order to prepare ourselves to a possible threat and to defend ourselves from it. Such a threat
should not necessarily be of extraterrestrial nature (SETV, website; Teodorani, 2006); it might
be a new kind of experimental human weapons (Hourcade, 2007; Teodorani, 2004b). These
kinds of weapons are now a reality, even if we do not know yet precisely at which operational
extent (in particular the maximum employed power) or diffusion in the world. Rather we do
not know yet how an artificial spherical craft can levitate in the air without using any known
conventional propulsion system 5, unless some already experimented electromagnetic
propulsion system is already operational (Myrabo, 2006).


5
 Unmanned Aerial Vehicles. Many are the models of UAVs having a totally unconventional shape, such as disks,
egg-shaped crafts, or something that is close to a sphere but not exactly that (Teodorani, 2009a). Some of these
drones work thanks to an encapsulated helix inside them. [See 4.2 for further discussion and photographs. (Ed.)]
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                      Page 17                                     M. Teodorani


    Finally, we might now turn back to the plasma sphere hypothesis for a simple reason. The
reason is if naturally produced plasma spheres can produce beams of radiation. Witnesses do
exist about this manifestation. How can this happen? We have not yet a definitive answer of it,
of course. But this might be a stimulus to interrogate ourselves in order to trigger a possible
physics within this possibility too. First of all we should ask what is able to produce a beam in
such a specific case. It is not unreasonable to suggest that one possible cause to produce it is a
mechanism to accelerate particles. This is also known in the macro-scales of Universe, such as
in the case of active galactic nuclei or similar objects such as Quasars. These are an example of
high-energy relativistic particle acceleration along magneto-channelled tubes called “jets”
(Melia, 2009). This also happens in a much smaller scale with non-stationary stars such as T
Tauri, FU Orionis stars, pulsars, neutron stars and magnetars that are surrounded by an
accretion disc made of nucleons. All of these objects (galactic and extragalactic) are known to
emit synchrotron radiation, whose mechanism is due to the acceleration of electrons and/or
protons at relativistic velocities through a very strong “magnetic tube” that collimates them.
An even smaller scale is just a particle accelerator normally used in our subnuclear
laboratories, where particles are confined, collimated and accelerated by a very powerful
magnet of cylindrical shape.

    So, is a plasma sphere able to occasionally work as a particle accelerator? Possibly yes, if
some openings do exist on the plasma confined aggregate. In the case of a sphere this might
occur in the polar regions (orthogonal to the direction of the plasma rotation), where magnetic
lines are opened. This configuration of a magnetosphere is expected to be the same on all
scales: on Earth and in pulsars and even larger structures. Why not also in plasma spheres that
is occasionally seen inside our atmosphere? (see Fig. 7).


       Figure 7. Left. VLF spectrograms (range: 1-3 KHz; frequency increases from down to up),
                 showing a periodic Doppler effect with inversion from blue to red shift (velocity
                 V= c  (  /  ), where c = light velocity and  = frequency) and characterized by
                  a velocity ranging from 10 to 100.000 Km/sec. Right. Physical qualitative model
                  showing a fast spinning obliquely rotating plasma sphere able to accelerate
                  relativistic particles, where the beam periodically approaches and recedes from
                  the observer.
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                  Page 18                                  M. Teodorani


   It is not possible to exclude that a sort of “self-regulating” mechanism is also able to
“relax” the spherical symmetry into a cylindrical one (in a very similar fashion as in the case
of particle accelerators), where the magnetic lines are possibly containing, collimating,
confining and occasionally accelerating some of the particles that are inside it. We do not
know yet how this symmetry change may occur in this kind of plasma concentrations, but we
do know that observed light balls are often subject to shape change (Teodorani, 2004a,
2004b), including the one from spherical to cylindrical. This witnessed fact should make our
neurons elaborate. What we observe in nature is often stimulating and triggering our brain,
especially if we then compare what we see (and occasionally measure) in this specific context
with what we see and well know in the astrophysical environment. Nature should be “self-
similar” from the micro to the macro scales, and this general law should help us to derive
laws of physics everywhere, even where we shouldn’t even expect, such as in the case of
spherical UAPs.

   Returning to the aviation safety issue, we should now ask ourselves how a beam of this
kind can be dangerous to the flight conduct. In both cases – microwave and/or high-energy
particles – when such a beam hits an aircraft it can clearly induce a very localized strong
temperature increase in any aircraft fuselage by causing sudden heating followed by a partial
(see footnote 2) or total mechanical destruction of the entire structure.

1. Electrical energy. Let’s now consider the two extreme alternatives considered above
(plasma and artificial spherical UAPs) when electric energy is involved.

    Let’s start with plasma spheres. First of all we should ask: how do they move in the air?
Observations show often (but not always) sudden and sometimes zigzagging movements: this
is not at all an aerodynamic motion. Avoiding speaking of exotic situations such as
“antigravity”, let’s be more grounded and try to imagine how a plasma sphere can move in
such an observed way. One possible way is based on electrostatics. It is in fact expected that
such plasma spheres are electrostatically charged: therefore they naturally tend to be attracted
by charges of opposite sign and repelled by charges of the same sign. According to some
physical models the motion in the air of such plasma spheroids is caused by the escape of
protons from the core: this occurrence triggers a residual negative charge in the core region
and produces a consequent ionic current in the air (Fryberger, 1997). Many objects in nature
can be electrically charged due to diverse reasons, especially some objects or vehicles that
can acquire a charge after mechanical attrition with the air consequently to a motion, such as
a car or even an airplane. Obviously an oppositely charged plasma ball tends naturally to be
attracted by such moving devices, clearly not because it wants to chase them intentionally (as
much of the UFO literature is interpreting) but because it is simply electrostatically attracted
by them. This can depend on the strength of the charges in play and on the distance of
mutually interacting objects. Therefore this so simple mechanism might explain the primary
cause that makes an airplane or a car approached by plasma spheres; all the rest should be
thermal-mechanical interaction. An electrostatic interaction with the electrical and electronic
systems that guide the aircraft should be taken into account as a very basic and serious factor.
For instance the “glass cockpit” systems characterizing the avionics of nowadays (Pallet,
1992) might be seriously vulnerable to such an occurrence and render the flight much more
dangerous than in the case of avionic systems of the previous generations. This kind of
interaction is expected to cause a black out and/or severe malfunctions of the electronics
aboard (Haines & Weinstein, 2001), depending on the intensity of the electrostatic field and
on the distance of its source from the aircraft. Typically computer-controlled devices, such as
FBW (Fly-By-Wire) systems, would be affected by even more severe effects, just directly to
the aerodynamic aspects of the flight due to the fact that all the aerodynamic devices of many
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                         Page 19                                         M. Teodorani


airplanes (in particular the military ones) of today are controlled electronically by the FBW
system. Moreover an electrostatic interaction might cause a severe disturbance to the
communication systems of the aircraft and to the “data link” systems of a squadron of
military aircrafts communicating together during a tactical and/or strategic operation. Is there
any human “plasma weapon” aimed at blocking a joint military plan and action? If so, such a
weapon might decide the result of an aeronautic battle (be it air-to-air or air-to-ground).

   Finally, the attraction of a sphere of this kind to the oppositely charged fuselage of an
aircraft might cause a more or less severe electrical discharge with consequences both to the
electrical systems aboard and to the thermal-pressure equilibrium of an aircraft, which might
also be burned locally or entirely according to the thermal energy liberated by such a
discharge (if the airplane is not properly screened).

   What about if the spheres are artificial and solid6? We cannot evaluate such a scenario
because this would mainly depend on the propulsion system moving these alleged “probes”.
But also in this case an electrostatic interaction between two oppositely charged flying bodies
(the sphere and the airplane) might be expected as well. Alternatively, possibly, some strong
electrostatic field might be produced deliberately using an after-effect of the employed
propulsion system.

1. Magnetic energy. – The movement of more typical plasma spheres may be determined by
two factors: electrostatics and magnetism. The first case has been already discussed. Let’s
now consider the second. There are good reasons to suspect that these spheres might be
induced to move along “magnetic rails” or to pass from a local magnetic line to another. This
might be a typical example of interaction between electricity and magnetism. We have
several sources of magnetism on Earth, the most important of which is given by the natural
geomagnetic field and its disposition in specific magnetic lines along our planet. Overlapped
with this we also have specifically circumscribed areas where magnetic anomalies are
present. It is clearly expected that plasma spheres tend to have strong interactions here and/or
that some areas of Earth can constitute a sort of “attraction poles” for this kind of phenomena.
But natural magnetic geographic areas are not the only ones that must be considered. Human
technology can produce devices that are themselves a source of magnetic and electromagnetic
fields as well, wherever a production of electricity is operating. Possible examples to mention
are many: electric and nuclear power plants, power lines, electric engines, and whatever is
producing intense electricity. The cases of reported electricity blackouts in concomitance
with UAP sightings are quite many, and we know that some of these unidentified aerial
phenomena are just of spherical shape. It is immediate to imagine what can happen if these
spheres interferes directly with the electric and local magnetic fields produced by airplane
avionics (Haines & Weinstein, 2001), electronics and electrical engines therein. If a black out
occurs in such a circumstance the possibility to turn off an engine (which nowadays is totally
electrically controlled) is not certainly impossible, and this, obviously, can be extremely
dangerous to the flight conduct. Similar interactions might occur also if the flying spheres


6
  Solid-like plasma spheres. Are we exactly sure that a plasma ball should be necessarily only a bright one? This
surely depends on its temperature, and, consequently, according to the Wien law given by max  T = K (max and
T are respectively the peak wavelength and the temperature of a black body, and K a constant), as in the case of
stars, plasmas can acquire a wide range of temperatures. If temperature is low we have a so called “low-energy
plasma” whose luminosity may appear lower or much lower than the sky background at daytime. When the
contrast between the plasma and the background is high and if the dynamic range of used sensors to record this
is high as well, it is possible to impress on CCD sensors “dark objects” that look “solid” but that are not. This
kind of objects can be reasonably detected mostly in the infrared. In fact some anomalous spherical objects have
been detected indeed by using infrared methods (Avila, 2006).
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                  Page 20                                  M. Teodorani


are artificial probes, but, as in previous cases, we have no elements to speculate because we
know almost nothing of their propulsion mechanism.

2. Radar emission.7 – As we all know, the emission of radar waves is of quite high energy.
Radars are able to track not only solid objects but also clouds and electrical atmospheric
activity (meteo radars). Therefore also plasma objects such as plasma spheres can be included
into the possible tracks. The point to be made here is not just how strong is the radar
signature produced by such aerial phenomena but how and how much radar waves (in
particular, high radio frequencies, such as microwaves emitted by pulse-Doppler radars) can
interfere with plasma spheres. Injection of energy is expected to occur into the plasma and a
possible “feeding process” cannot be in principle excluded, in the light of the repeatedly
experimented laboratory tests where the emission of microwave pulses in particular
conditions of humid air is able create for a few seconds little plasma spheres similar to ball
lightning (Ohtsuki & Ofuruton, 1991; Teodorani & Strand, 1998; Teodorani, 2008). A logical
question clearly arises now: what happens when radar energy is injected into a plasma sphere
that is already formed, while it is approaching an airplane? What is suspected here is that, in
addition to the possibility of radar wave reflections, a microwave energy transfer to the
plasma might be expected, so that the plasma sphere might change its energy regime, which,
in its turn, might constitute an increased danger factor if this happens when such a plasma
object approaches an airplane. The probability that this happens is clearly increased if the
plasma target is not simply periodically radar-scanned but rather locked-on continuously: a
situation of this kind should be found mostly in the case of high-performance military
aircrafts. Many airplanes – both military and civil – are equipped with radars of very high
power, in particular heavy interceptors (such as Lockheed-Boeing F-22, Sukhoi Su-35,
Eurofighter Typhoon, Dassault Rafale, McDonnel-Douglas F-15, Mikoyan Mig-31, just to
cite some examples: Teodorani, 2009a). None knows yet what may happen when/if a plasma
sphere is “enhanced” by radar emission: it may be suspected that, in particular situations on
the pathway, a possible enhanced interaction with the airplane might increase in several
ways. This possibility should be explored by physics computer-simulation.

    If the interaction occurs with a spherical probe, it cannot be excluded that radar scanning,
at particular circumstances, may interfere with the guidance system of the probe itself, in case
altering its regime of motion and creating possibly uncontrolled situations that might
constitute a danger both to the airplane that is a source of radar emission and to whatever is
on the ground.

3. Radioactivity emission. – According to some more or less canonical theoretical models,
some plasma spheres can be the source of radioactivity (alpha, beta, gamma particles) and of
the deposition of neutrons (Fryberger, 1997). According to other physical models of ball
lightning kind some of these spheres can be also the source of the production of nuclear
fusion (Stenhoff, 1999). This means that another source of possible danger can arise, not only
when such phenomena approach airplanes but also when they approach whatever area
inhabited by humans. Anyway, concerning strictly aviation this possibility, if true, can be
dangerous when such spheres approach civil airplanes, which are normally full of passengers.
Therefore this is a kind of damage that can affect much more living creatures than
technological equipment.

4. VLF-ELF electromagnetic emission. – Some plasma spheres may be associated with the
emission of very low or extra low frequency (Strand, website; Teodorani, 2008). This can

7
    See 2.3 in this regard as well (Ed.)
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                   Page 21                                   M. Teodorani


mainly interfere with military submarine communications and/or VLF-ELF transmitting
stations, which might be more or less seriously disturbed.

   According to a physical theory concerning plasma ball formation very low-frequency
waves – in case generated by a previously existing plasma ball, or by other natural causes
coming from the ionosphere – if associated to high-frequency waves (such as microwaves by
radar, as an hypothetical instance) may cause the formation of plasma vortexes in the air
(Zou, 1995), whose behaviour is not possible to predict but which might constitute some
danger to the conduct of any flight. It is not expected in general that very low-energy
electromagnetic emission alone is able to affect the electronics aboard airplanes. What is
important to consider here is that, according to the specific frequency range, it can interfere
directly with brainwaves of the pilots and of passengers and cause often altered
consciousness states and severe hallucinations. Of course this effect might render the conduct
of any flight extremely dangerous. The physiologic effect of these waves, also in connection
with pulsed magnetic fields, is now well known and demonstrated in biophysical and
neurophysiologic laboratories (Persinger, 2000).

    Other possible kinds of more exotic (Teodorani & Strand, 1998) potential interferences
with aviation safety that might be due to relativistic and/or “macro- quantum” effects of the
light spheres under study, or to more unconventional hypothesized effects such as “anti-
plasma”, anti-matter, dark matter, negative energy, mini-black holes, magnetic monopoles,
ether vortexes, micro-storms, circular electric currents and many others (more or less
rationally grounded) are out of the pragmatic scopes of this dissertation, within which only
conventional (and, therefore, having a more easily and concretely measurable physics)
mechanisms are intended to be suggested here in the perspective of a in-depth study to be
done in the near future according to the ascertained level of our knowledge of physics and to
its experimental feasibility.

    As it can be seen, all the possible scenarios (which are probably only a small part of all the
other possibilities) that have been exposed and ventured here cannot be so far quantified
because still now we do not know sufficiently well and completely the boundary conditions
of the physical problem related to plasma spheres. It is by my opinion quite so far premature
to venture calculations and/or numerical models when the map and the territory cannot yet be
matched together in a proper way. The ideas proposed here are just born from certain
knowledge of some observed facts concerning mostly plasma spheres and not from a
definitive theory explaining them in form of a “unified theory”, which doesn’t exist yet but
must be still deeply explored. Existing work hypotheses, even of quantitative kind, are not
enough to give us the true *numbers* of the entire problem. To do this we need to construct
true theories, which are the result of a perfect match with instrumental observations.
Moreover it is out of the scope of this essay quantifying exactly the level of the possible
threat that such phenomena might represent to us and to aviation in particular, but I think that
it is already possible to “qualify” the problem that is investigated now, in order to trigger
possible scientific debates, and, in some cases, the preparation of possible preliminary multi-
parametric numerical modelling and laboratory simulation, to be done in a subsequent phase.

   In order to explain better this phenomenology we do need to have a much better scientific
experimental knowledge of the investigated phenomenon, which so far is quite limited to a
few somewhat established observational facts and to quite many testimonial cases. In some
(very few) cases it has been possible to describe quite accurately the purely observational
behaviour of plasma spheres such as “earthlights” (Teodorani, 2004a): this is a quite technical
description in the same way as astronomy is able to describe accurately celestial objects and
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                  Page 22                                   M. Teodorani


stellar aggregates, but this is not the same as when astrophysics explains the physics of what
is technically observed using very specific models involving many aspects of physics that are
interconnected together. We do need many more data before venturing a real attempt of
construction of a physical model, which, as we know, can be considered a *model* only if
theory and observation match together very well and when the number of hypotheses is
reduced consistently. This is, I think, scientific realism concerning the investigated problem
and it is obviously moved by a need of true rigour and completeness in attaching this
problem, which can be achieved only if the mathematics describing it is strictly pertaining to
the effectively observed reality.

3 – How Can This Research Improve?
   What do we need in order to transform that which is occasionally technically observed and
measured into really self-consistent physical theories that can permit the realistic construction
of numerical models simulating how exactly plasma spheres can constitute a threat to
aviation? We do need to use systematically the appropriate measurement instrumentation,
which must be precise, complete and of extremely practical use. Obviously the ideal
instrumentation platform should be of opto-electronic kind (Wilson & Hawkes, 1997),
namely very similar to that which is used in the military as an adaptation only aimed at
measurement sensors. But achieving this is not very realistic (even if highly desirable)
because of the high number of opto-electronic stations that it would be necessary to deploy in
areas where such phenomena occur more often, due to the prohibitive cost of a single station
that should be opportunely custom-built for this kind of operation, and due to the necessary
funding for highly specialized personnel able to manage this kind of equipment. But we
urgently do need to improve the incomplete picture that we have at our disposal concerning
the so called “spheres of light”, and the only way to do this is twofold: 1) accurately
processing statistically selected testimonial cases (physics of ball lightning is mostly based on
this procedure due to the lack of true measurements: Stenhoff, 1999); 2) measuring directly
the phenomenon, using multi-wavelength and multi-mode instrumentation, where such a
phenomenon is geographically recurrent and/or occurring through “temporal flaps” of limited
duration.

   The first procedure is being accomplished by serious investigators, but the number of
screened cases should be expanded in order to build up a better statistical picture, namely: the
more are the cases that present the same behaviour and the smaller is the error box that
physical models have to consider in a subsequent phase. The second procedure has been done
only occasionally; data obtained in this way are much more precise than witness data, but the
statistical sample is still too poor in order to minimize the error box that must be adopted by
theoretical models when they try to simulate the observed behaviour. Moreover, this second
procedure is still incomplete or lacking in terms of simultaneity of multi-wavelength
measurements and in terms of sophistication of the used instrumentation. This happens due to
the globally elusive nature of such phenomena, which of course are not repeatable at will, so
that a fully scientific treatment of this problem is still extremely difficult. For all of these
reasons this author has very recently proposed – as a scientific consultant of a Parliamentary
Interrogation on “UAP” – to create a centralized organization in Europe that is able to
coordinate efficiently all of this information and to deploy in useful time all the necessary
off-the shelf measurement instruments whenever a flap of UAPs (of any kind) occurs
everywhere in Europe or, in case, also out of it.

   Now, after presenting the most important effects that such spherical aerial objects may
cause on aviation it is necessary to optimize the measurement procedures (Sturrock, 1998;
Teodorani & Strand, 1998; Teodorani, 2000, 2001) that can help scientists to build up solid
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                  Page 23                                   M. Teodorani


physical models that are based on the observed reality and not only on reasonable physical
conjectures on what the reality might be. Many more data are necessary in order to construct
a real physics on this kind of phenomena: this is the only procedure to protect aviation, our
technological devices and we from possible dangers caused by these phenomena. So, what
should be now the next step to improve our scientific knowledge in this specific topic? This
step must be both strategic and tactical. A proposal for this might be done through the
following points:

a. Optimization of Strategy and Methodology. – First of all a basic methodological factor
must be once and for all established. The idea is to deploy off-the-shelf measurement
instruments to areas where the phenomenon is recurrent since a long time and/or where/when
the phenomenon suddenly manifests itself in specific areas in the form of so called “flaps”.
More than one observation group is expected to monitor the phenomenon using the same
instruments and the same procedures, on which a previous inter-subjective consensus has
been reached. The data that have been acquired by all the groups must be confronted
together. A confrontation of the data obtained by different observers concerning the same
targeted objects creates inevitably a methodological condition of “repeatability”. In such a
way the error with which measurements are done can be minimized, while the factor given by
subjectivity is avoided. Therefore a new consensus – obtained by using subsequent
approximations – can be reached and the science that can come out from all of this is stronger
and more reliable.
b. Optimization of Portable Measurement Instruments. – The instruments are the best ways
to improve our scientific knowledge on this kind of anomaly, just like for any other kind of
radiant source (Hiltner et al. 1962). Due to the peculiar nature of the phenomenon and its
sudden apparition in the form of flaps, the equipment must be extremely practical and
portable. Specific kits or small containers keeping inside all that which is necessary should be
put at the disposal of several research groups composed of physicists of several branches,
engineers and informaticians. Every group should contain all these professional figures. At
the same time a new profile of “ufologist” should be created, namely a figure that is able to
integrate logically and rigorously all the acquired knowledge. The ideal instrumental kit
should contain inside: 1) high-resolution reflex digital camera equipped with a custom-built
dispersion grating for spectroscopy; 2) professional portable videocamera; 3) altazimutal
mounted portable telescope (of the class of 200 mm aperture) connected to a CCD camera
(Stephan et al., 2009) for acquiring both photometric and spectroscopic data, and to a specific
CCD camera for target tracking (using specific software); 4) infrared thermocamera equipped
with a 30-300 mm zoom lens; 5) ultraviolet detector; 6) computer-controlled VLF-ELF
receiver/spectrometer; 7) computer-controlled microwave spectrometer; 8) computer-
controlled digital magnetometer; 9) spectroradiometer or photomultiplier; 10) digital
radioactivity detector; 11) digital ultrasound detector; 12) electrostatic detector and voltmeter;
13) computer-controlled EEG (Electro Encephalograph); 14) high-power (of the class of 300-
600 mW) Laser for testing the target (Teodorani & Strand, 1998; Teodorani, 2000); 15) radio
scanner to monitor the passage of airplanes; 16) night vision goggles or image intensifier; 17)
Laser range finder; 18) theodolite or data scope; 19) weather station. These instruments are
intended to be used simultaneously so that a multi-wavelength and multi-mode picture of the
phenomenon can be obtained, together with the possibility to measure the time variability of
all physical parameters (Teodorani, 2000).
c. Optimization of Fixed Stations. – Only the areas where the phenomenon is established to
be recurrent since a long time should be covered by one or two permanent automatic
observing stations similar (but more complete) to the Hessdalen one (Strand, website; ICPH,
website), which must be equipped with one high-sensitivity CCD zoom camera for imaging
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                   Page 24                                   M. Teodorani


and one high-sensitivity zoom camera for low-medium resolution optical spectroscopy (using
a dispersion grating), a VLF-ELF receiver, a radar and a magnetometer. All the stations,
which should be standardized both with the used instruments and with the used software to
control them, should be linked together wherever they are deployed in the world.
d. Optimization of Data Taken by Military Pilots. – Military pilots use aircrafts that are
often equipped with sensors that can be potentially and occasionally used also for scientific
scopes, in particular high power/sensitivity multi-target radars and Forward Looking Infrared
Radar (FLIR). Military pilots, who are often called on scramble also for identifying this kind
of targets, should deliver the recorded data, including the registrations obtained through Head
Up Displays (HUD), to the scientists who are studying this problem. At the same time
scientists would commit themselves to maintain secrecy whenever it is necessary and to
release to the public only what they are allowed to do for reasons of public safety. Military
data can reveal themselves to be extremely precious for these scientific goals. In particular
radar data, once accurately recorded, can permit to reconstruct all the kinematics of the aerial
anomalies (Meessen, 1999, 2000).
e. Optimization of Data Collected by Civil Pilots. – Civil pilots use aircrafts that are
normally equipped with radar and more recently also with HUDs. All the data can be
recorded and therefore, as in the previous case, these data can be potentially delivered to
researchers for a scientific study. A correlation of the flight data at the time of an approach by
UAPs (spherical ones in particular) and of the radar data obtained of UAPs might furnish
very important scientific information.
f. Optimization of Data Collected by Control Towers. – Radar operators, especially from
military bases, can acquire extremely interesting data concerning this kind of UAPs. In
particular they can record simultaneously radar tracks of both a UAP and the airplane that it
occasionally approaches. The dynamics of these possibly mutually interacting objects can be
studied very carefully by radar tracks from ground control, and in case also by AWACS
(Airborne Warning and Control System) and ELINT (Electronic Signals INTelligence) flying
platforms. At the same time the civil or military pilot that is occasionally chased by a UAP
can collaborate in furnishing numerical information that integrates the one obtained by
ground and aerial radar stations.
g. Optimization of Data Collected by Astronauts and Cosmonauts. – The ISS space station is
equipped with all sorts of scientific instruments aboard, which are partly permanent and
partly variable according to the scientific payloads that are planned in the course of specific
missions. Some of these instruments might furnish very important scientific data on spherical
UAPs. Astronauts and cosmonauts should be prepared to this possibility since before their
departure and accurately trained to face the possibility that their craft or the space station
where they work can be approached by anomalous aerial phenomena. Reports of videos of
“spheres of light” are not uncommon from space and some scientific analysis already exists
(Carlotto, 1995; Kasher, 1995). An accurate scientific study of these data from space can
permit to ascertain if such anomalies are of plasma, artificial, meteoric, cometary, or of more
prosaic nature. These data should be shared with scientists on Earth, so that a cross
confrontation of the data is possible and consequently a better science is done.
h. Optimization of the Information Obtained by Visual Witnesses. – Most of the times
UAPs, and in particular light spheres, are seen by occasional witnesses on ground, who can
only tell a story but, as it is well known, they cannot take scientific or documentary data
(except maybe in the cases in which photos and/or videos are obtained). The information that
witnesses can furnish might reveal itself to be very reliable if this information is accurately
screened by experts (such as astronomers, meteorologists, geophysicists, engineers,
psychologists and serious ufologists). In such a way, if more witnesses of the same UAP are
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                            Page 25                                       M. Teodorani


available, it is possible to obtain scientific information that is accurately weighed by a
statistical analysis.

    All of such optimization strategies and tactics, in particular the way in which an efficient
organization and coordination should be established, once integrated together are the only
key to obtain true science concerning spherical UAPs and plasma spheres in particular. A
more accurate science means in this specific case more safety in the space environment and
in all the situations involving military and civil aviation. So, what is the physical information
that is needed to be obtained in order to expand and improve both qualitatively and
quantitatively our scientific knowledge on spherical UAPs and in order to improve our safety
when we fly? An essential idea of this is schematically presented in Table 1.


SCIENTIFIC INFORMATION                                         USED INSTRUMENTS


support to target sighting                                     night goggles, image intensifier
target position                                                radar, theodolite, data scope
target tracking                                                radar, CCD camera
target recognition, identification                             radio scanner, spectroradiometer
kinematical characteristics, regime of motion                  videocamera, radar, thermocamera, weather station
distance, absolute luminosity, light surface distribution      Laser range finder, radar, triangulation, telescope, CCD
                                                               camera, digital reflex camera, videocamera,
                                                               thermocamera, weather station
temperature, pressure, density, chemical composition           telescope, digital reflex camera, CCD camera,
                                                               thermocamera, microwave spectrometer, dispersion
                                                               grating
magnetic field intensity                                       digital magnetometer, VLF-ELF spectrometer
electric and electrostatic fields                              voltmeter, natural EM meter, electrostatic detector
electromagnetic emission: optical, infrared, ultraviolet,      telescope, digital reflex camera, multi-filter CCD camera,
microwave, VLF-ELF                                             thermocamera, ultraviolet detector, microwave and VLF-
                                                               ELF spectrometers,
sounds and ultrasounds                                         VLF-ELF receiver, ultrasound detector
radioactivity                                                  alpha, beta, gamma particles detector
reaction to laser light                                        300-600 mW green Laser, weather station
interference with brainwave                                    portable EEG
monitoring of specific areas                                   permanent automatic stations equipped with CCD camera,
                                                               magnetometer, VLF-ELF spectrometer, radar
time variability                                               all the instruments
observational data analysis                                    specialized scientific software
statistical analysis of selected witness databases             data acquisition and inquiry from serious ufologists,
                                                               computer data processing
physical modelling                                             specialized scientific software


            Table 1. List of Information and Instrumentation Needed to Advance our Knowledge of
                                               Spherical UAP.


   The subsequent step consists in analyzing the data using the most sophisticated software
available. The final step is entirely dedicated to the construction of quantitative physical
models and numerical simulations. Once we have a self-consistent model in hands we might
also predict the behaviour of spherical UAPs, so that they would be really under a form of
control from us. A further step might consist in trying to reproduce in a laboratory the
observed phenomenon if it is really characterized by a plasma nature. Alternatively if the
spherical object is of technological nature, we might try to build a similar one using a sort of
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                Page 26                                 M. Teodorani


reverse engineering, without any need of capturing one but only basing our deductions on the
physical data that have been previously acquired in distance.


Conclusion
    Unidentified anomalous phenomena of spherical shape are increasingly reported in many
areas of the world. Most of them seem to be a plasma anomaly of nature, some others look
something artificial. The dilemma is to know if they are two separate kinds of phenomena or
if they are two different manifestation of the same phenomenon. In both cases we have a
precious opportunity to expand our scientific knowledge. I think that what has been described
and discussed in this essay represents the only really viable method to obtain data of
importance for the physics of the investigated problem. A better scientific knowledge of the
phenomenology can result to be a better protection from possible threats that might involve
people, our technological devices and aviation and space in particular.


References
1. Adams, H. M. – International Earthlight Alliance (by Marsha Hancock Adams) :
    http://www.earthlights.org/index.html
2. Akers, D. – The Willard J. Vogel Study : http://www.vogelstudy.org/
3. Avila, P. (2006) “Infrared Photography for UFO Research”, European UFO Survey:
    http://www.europeanufosurvey.com/en/infraredphotographyforuforesearch.htm
4. Book, D. L. (1994). The Sedov self-similar point blast solutions in nonuniform media.
    Shock Waves, Vol. 4, N. 4, pp. 1-10.
5. Beacham, C. – Northern Beaches Sightings : http://www.surfin.com.au/nbsightings.html
    (movie: Palm Beach, 2003).
6. Bunnell, J. – Marfa Lights / Night Orbs : http://www.nightorbs.net/index.html
7. Carlotto, M. (1995). Digital Video Analysis of Anomalous Space Objects. Journal of
    Scientific Exploration, Vol. 9, N. 1, pp. 45-63 : http://www.nicap.org/sts48.htm
8. Freund, F. T. (2003) “Rocks that Crackle and Sparkle and Glow: Strange Pre-Earthquake
    Phenomena”. Journal of Scientific Exploration, 17, no. 1, pp. 37-71.
    http://www.scientificexploration.org/jse/articles/pdf/17.1_freund.pdf
9. Fryberger D. (1997). A Model for Ball Lightning. ØIH Rapport, 1997(5), Høgskolen i
    Østfold (Norway), pp. 1-82.
10. Haines, R.F., (2000). Aviation Safety in America – A Previously Neglected Factor.
    NARCAP Technical Report, N. 1 :
    http://www.narcap.org/reports/001/narcap.TR1.AvSafety.pdf
11. Haines, R.F., & Roe, T. (2001). Pilot Survey Results – Part I. NARCAP Technical
    Report, N. 5 : http://www.narcap.org/reports/005/narcap.survey.pdf
12. Haines, R.F., & Weinstein, D. F. (2001). A Preliminary Study of Sixty Four Pilot
    Sighting Reports Involving Alleged Electromagnetic Effects on Aircraft Systems.
    NARCAP Technical Report, N. 3 : http://www.narcap.org/reports/003/emcarm.htm
13. Haines, R.F., (2003). Analysis of a Photograph of a High Speed Ball of Light. NARCAP
    Technical Report, N. 7 : http://www.narcap.org/reports/007/TR7.htm
14. Haines, R.F., (2007). Small Light Ball Flies Near Airliner; Investigation of High
    Resolution, Digital, Color Photographs of July 3, 2005 at 2031 Hrs., Palo Alto,
    California. NARCAP Technical Report, N. 12 :
    http://www.narcap.org/reports/012/uap_photo_7-3-05_PaloAlto.pdf
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                 Page 27                                 M. Teodorani


15. Hambling, D. (2009). “Scientist Looks to Weaponize Ball Lightning”, Danger Room :
    http://www.wired.com/dangerroom/2009/02/great-balls-of/
16. Haselhoff, E. (2001). Opinions and comments on Levengood, W.C., Talbott, N.P. (1999)
    Dispersion of energies in worldwide crop formations. Physiol. Plant. 105: 615-624.
    Physiologia Plantarum, 111 (1), pp. 123-125.
17. Hill, P. R. (1995). Unconventional Flying Objects: A Scientific Analysis. Hampton
    Roads Publishing.
18. Hiltner, W. A. (Ed.), & G. P. Kuiper & B. M. Middlehurst (Series Eds.). (1962). Stars
    and Stellar Systems, Compendium of Astronomy and Astrophysics. University of
    Chicago Press.
19. Hourcade, M. (2007). OVNIs – La Agenda Secreta. Ediciones Cruz del Sur;
    ( http://mitosdelmilenio.com.ar/mytovn12.htm )
20. Kasher, J. (1995). A Scientific Analysis of the Videotape taken by the Space Shuttle
    Discovery on Shuttle Flight STS-48 showing Sharply Accelerating Objects. The Fund
    for UFO Research, USA.
21. Kippenhahn, R. & Weigert, A. (1994). Stellar Structure and Evolution. Springer.
22. Kochems, A. & Gudgel, A. (2006). “The Viability of Directed-Energy Weapons”, The
    Heritage Foundation :
    http://www.heritage.org/research/ballisticmissiledefense/bg1931.cfm
23. International Committee for Project Hessdalen (ICPH) – Smart Optical Sensors
    Observatory (SOSO) : http://www.ciph-soso.net/SOSO/SOSO.html
24. “Il Mistero di Caronia”, TuttoUFO – Uno Sguardo Verso il Cielo :
    http://shaika81italy.spaces.live.com/blog/cns!538A73FC85B17040!1407.entry (also
    video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?gl=IT&hl=it&v=uxPf4hQ8aWQ )
25. Lang, K. R. (1998). Astrophysical Formulae: A Compendium for the Physicist and
    Astrophysicist, 3rd ed., New York: Springer Verlag.
26. LaViolette, P.A. (2008). Secrets of Antigravity Propulsion. Bear & Company.
27. Lerche, I. & Vasyliunas, V. M. (1976). Mathematical theory of isothermal blast waves
    and the question of their applicability to supernova remnants. Astrophysical Journal, vol.
    210, pp. 85-99.
28. Lienhard, J. H. (2006). A Heat Transfer Textbook. E-book downloadable here:
    http://web.mit.edu/lienhard/www/ahtt.html
29. Long, G. (1990). Examining the Earthlight Theory: The Yakima UFO Microcosm. J.
    Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies.
30. Maccabee, B. (1979). Photometric Properties of an Unidentified Bright Object seen off
    the Coast of New Zealand. Applied Optics, 18, 2527-28.
31. Maccabee, B. (1994). Strong Magnetic Field Detected Following a Sighting of an
    Unidentified Flying Object. Journal of Scientific Exploration, Vol. 8, N. 3, pp. 347-365.
32. Meessen, A. (1999). Analyse approfondie des mystérieux enregistrements radar des F-
    16. Inforespace, N. 97, pp. 9-48.
33. Meessen, A. (2000). Analyse et implications physiques de deux photos de la vague
    belge. Inforespace, N. 100, pp. 5-40 : http://www.meessen.net/AMeessen/Photo1/
34. Melia, F. (2009). High-Energy Astrophysics. Princeton University Press.
35. Montebugnoli, S.; Monari, J.; Cattani, A.; Maccaferri, A.; Poloni, M.; Bortolotti, C.;
    Roma, M.; Hauge, B. G.; Strand, E. P.; & Cevolani, G. (2002). Measurements with a
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                 Page 28                                  M. Teodorani


    low power pulsed radar in the Hessdalen 2002 camp. ICPH Articles :
    http://www.itacomm.net/ph/radar/radar_e.pdf
36. Myrabo, L.N. (2006). Microwave Power-Beaming Infrastructure for Manned Lightcraft
    Operations. 4th International Symposium on Beamed Energy Propulsion, edited by K.
    Komurasaki, T. Yabe, S. Uchida, and A. Sasoh, AIP Proceedings 830, New York:
    American Institute of Physics, pp. 651-662.
37. Ohtsuki, Y. H. & Ofuruton, H. (1991). Plasma fireballs formed by microwave
    interference in air. Nature, 350, pp. 139 – 141.
38. Pallet, E. H. J. (1992). Aircraft Instruments and Integrated Systems. Prentice Hall.
39. Persinger, M. A. (2000). The UFO experience: A normal correlate of human brain
    function. In D.M. Jacobs (Ed.), UFOs and abductions: Challenging the borders of
    knowledge. University Press of Kansas: Lawrence., pp. 262-302.
40. Pettigrew, J. D. (2003). “The Min Min light and the Fata Morgana - An optical account
    of a mysterious Australian phenomenon”. Clinical and Experimental Optometry, 86: 2:
    109–120: http://www.uq.edu.au/nuq/jack/MinMinCEO.pdf
41. Roe, T. (2004). Aviation Safety in America: Under-Reporting Bias of Unidentified
    Aerial Phenomena and Recommended Solutions. NARCAP Technical Report, N. 8 :
    http://www.narcap.org/reports/008/TR8Bias1.htm
42. “Riding the Highways of Light, NASA Space Science News, 1999:
    http://science.nasa.gov/newhome/headlines/prop16apr99_1.htm
43. Rutledge, H. (1981). Project Identification: TheFirst Scientific Study of UFO
    Phenomena. Prentice-Hall.
44. Seward, C., Chen, C. & Ware, K. (2001). Ball lightning explained as a stable plasma
    toroid”. Pulsed Power Plasma Science, Vol. 1, pp. 269-272.
45. Smirnov, B.M. (1994). Long-lived glowing phenomena in the atmosphere, Physics-
    Uspekhj, 37(5), p. 517.
46. Sobelman, I. I. (1980). Excitation of Atoms and Broadening of Spectral Lines. Springer
    & Verlag.
47. Stenhoff, (1999). Ball lightning. An unsolved problem in atmospheric physics. New
    York: Kluwer Academic/Plenum.
48. Stephan, K. D.; Ghimire, S.; Stapleton,W. A.; & Bunnell, J. (2009). Spectroscopy
    applied to observations of terrestrial light sources of uncertain origin. American Journal
    of Physics, 77(8), pp. 697-703: http://uweb.txstate.edu/~ks22/pdfs/MLPaper_AJP.pdf
49. Strand, E. P. (1984). Project Hessdalen 1984 – Final Technical Report. Project
    Hessdalen – Articles and Reports: http://www.hessdalen.org/reports/hpreport84.shtml
50. Strand, E. P. (1996). "Min-min light" in Australia. HØit, Nr. 2-96:
    http://www.it.hiof.no/prosjekter/hoit/html/nr2_96/erling_i_australia.html
51. Strand, E. P. – Project Hessdalen, Hessdalen – Short Films:
    http://www.hessdalen.org/film/
52. Straser, V. (2007). Precursory luminous phenomena used for earthquake prediction. The
    Taro Valley, North-western Apennines, Italy. New Concepts in Global Tectonics
    Newsletter, n. 44, p. 17-31.
53. Sturrock P. (1999). The UFO Enigma: a New Review of the Physical Evidence. New
    York: Warner Books.
narcap Project Sphere 2.4                 Page 29                                 M. Teodorani


54. Teodorani, M. & Strand, E.P. (1998). Experimental methods for studying the Hessdalen
    phenomenon in the light of the proposed theories: a comparative overview. ØIH
    Rapport, n. 1998:5, Høgskolen i Østfold (Norway), pp. 1-93.
55. Teodorani, M. (2000). Physical Data Acquisition and Analysis of Possible Flying
    Extraterrestrial Probes by Using Opto-Electronic Devices. Extraterrestrial Physics
    Review. Vol. 1, N. 3, pp. 32-37.
56. Teodorani, M. (2001). Physics from UFO Data. ICPH Articles, N. 2 :
    http://www.itacomm.net/ph/phdata_e.pdf
57. Teodorani, M. (2004a). A Long-Term Scientific Survey of the Hessdalen Phenomenon.
    Journal of Scientific Exploration, Vol. 18, n. 2, pp. 217-251:
    http://www.scientificexploration.org/jse/articles/pdf/18.2_teodorani.pdf
58. Teodorani, M. (2004b). “Are there airplanes, as seen from Avalon Beach, playing with
    Mercury lights?” Northern Beaches Sightings:
    http://www.surfin.com.au/AvalonBeach_Report.pdf
59. Teodorani, M. (2006). An Alternative Method for the Scientific Search for
    Extraterrestrial Intelligent Life: ‘The Local SETI’. In: J. Seckbach (Ed.) Libro: Life as
    We Know It. Ed. Springer, pp. 487-503:
    http://openseti.org/Docs/NewSETI_MT_LAKI.pdf
60. Teodorani, M. (2008). Sfere di Luce. MACRO Edizioni.
61. Teodorani, M. (2009a). Aerospace Technology from the First to the Fifth Generation.
    Presentation of a photographic Powerpoint work (11 sets, 5200 slides) :
    http://www.uapsg.org/2009/04/aerospace-technology.html
62. Teodorani, M. (2009b). “Need to Know vs. Need to Believe in Ufology”, U.A.P.S.G.
    Articles: http://www.uapsg.org/2009/09/paper-to-think-about.html
63. Thomas, J. H. & Weiss, N. O. (2008). Sunspots and Starspots. Cambridge University
    Press.
64. Tsytovich, V.N.; Morfill, G. E.; Fortov, V. E.; Gusein-Zade, N. G.; Klumov. B. A. &
    Vladimirov, S. V. (2007). From plasma crystals and helical structures towards inorganic
    living matter. New Journal of Physics, 9, p. 263 / http://www.iop.org/EJ/article/1367-
    2630/9/8/263/njp7_8_263.html
65. Turner, D. J. (2003). The missing science of ball lightning. Journal of Scientific
    Exploration, 17, n. 3, pp. 435-496.
66. United States Air Force (2002). “High-Power Microwaves”, Fact Sheets:
    http://www.kirtland.af.mil/shared/media/document/AFD-070404-036.pdf
67. Vallee, J. F. (1998). Estimates of Optical Power Output in Six Cases of Unexplained
    Aerial Objects. Journal of Scientific Exploration, Vol. 12, N. 3, pp. 345-358:
    http://www.scientificexploration.org/journal/jse_12_3_vallee_1.pdf
68. Warren, J. P. The Brown Mountain Lights, L. E. M. U. R. :
    http://shadowboxent.brinkster.net/brownmountain2.html
69. Williams, W., SETV (Search for Extraterrestrial Visitation) : http://www.setv.org/
70. Wilson, J. & Hawkes, J. (1997). Optoelectronics: An Introduction. Prentice Hall.
71. Zou You-Suo (1995). Some Physical Considerations for Unusual Atmospheric Lights
    Observed in Norway. Physica Scripta, 52, pp. 726-730.
