{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:35:22Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 267853, "source_file": "NARCAP/documents/narcap_ProjSph_23_Radar.pdf", "source_sha256": "03e4fba46cb3fe91dde917277eb5d1f62416a24e58bb288354bfccd78bae650b", "source_url": "https://www.narcap.org/s/narcap_ProjSph_23_Radar.pdf"}

narcap Project Sphere 2.3                         Page 1                                       M. L. Shough


                                                2.3
                                 Radar Detection of Spherical Targets


                                       Martin L. Shough
                            NARCAP Research Associate (United Kingdom)

                                         December 15, 2009
                                             Copyright


1. Principles of RADAR
   Electric currents are induced in a conductive object when it is illuminated with radio
energy from a transmitting antenna. These currents cause the object itself to act like a
secondary antenna and re-radiate energy. Some of this energy is directed back towards the
transmitter and is said to be reflected. A receiving antenna can then collect it, and the
measured time delay of this "echo" can be used to calculate distance based on the fact that
radio waves travel at the speed of light. When the transmitting antenna is shaped to radiate
the energy into a narrow beam it becomes possible to discriminate both target range and
target direction. This is the basic principle of RADAR (RAdio Detection And Ranging).

   In practice the same antenna is generally used for transmitting and receiving and is
switched rapidly between these modes, so that the energy is emitted in a short pulse after
which the radar listens for echoes from targets and this duty cycle is repeated typically
hundreds of times per second while the antenna rotates to continuously scan a large
volume of the atmosphere. Roughly speaking, the angular width and angular height of the
emitted beam, and the pulse length, together define a resolution cell which is a minimum
volume having dimensions of azimuth, altitude and range within which the radar will not
discriminate between two adjacent targets.

   Types of targets divide broadly into area targets, volume targets and point targets, the
echo from each having a different range dependency. Area targets are extended two-
dimensional surfaces such as large areas of surface terrain; the strength of returned echo
varies like the cube of the distance. Volume targets are three-dimensional regions of echo,
large in relation to the resolution cell dimensions, and with some radar transparency, such
as rain clouds; and their strength of echo varies like the square of the range. Point targets
are the type of targets of interest to most radar operators, discrete objects with echoing
areas that are not large relative to the resolution cell dimensions, such as aircraft, birds
etc., and the strength of echo from these targets varies like the 4th power of range, which
appears in the denominator of the simplest form of the primary radar equation1 for average
received power Pr as


1. Secondary radar (SSR), widely used in Air Traffic Control alongside primary radar, does not detect echo
       but employs the method of triggering radar transponders whose replies encode aircraft identification
       and barometric height readings. SSR detection probability therefore varies only like the inverse
       square of range instead of the inverse 4th power.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                    Page 2                                    M. L. Shough


         ---    Pt G2 λ2 σ
         Pr = __________                                                           1
               (4 π )3 R4

where Pt = transmitted power, G = antenna gain, λ = wavelength, R = range to the target,
and σ is a parameter called the Radar Cross-Section of the target.


2. General Definition of Radar Cross-Section
   Technically Radar Cross-Section (RCS, or σ) is the ratio of radiated power density
intercepted by a target to the power per unit solid angle backscattered to the receiving
antenna by the target, so it is a measure of the efficiency with which a target echoes radar
energy back to the radar receiver. This efficiency depends on shape, size, material
composition and other factors that vary widely between different types of target. Therefore
in order to compare dissimilar targets it is useful to express their efficiency in terms of the
projected cross-sectional area of a perfectly conducting sphere which would return the
same power to the same receiver in the same conditions. This equivalent area is the RCS
and is expressed in square metres.

   In general RCS is determined by projected area and by the directivity (both of which
are dependent on the bulk geometry of the object) and the reflectivity (dependent on the
material composition and/or small-scale surface geometry of the object). As a matter of
general practice, and for most of the purposes of this study, UAP detections can be
considered to involve point targets in the equivalent optical region of the RCS diagram in
Fig.1, where RCS is a constant independent of the wavelength and where probability of
detection varies simply like the 4th power of the range. But as discussed below there are
special circumstances in which range and/or target diameter is not large with respect to
wavelength and where the RCS of a spherical target varies according to wavelength.


3. General RCS of a Sphere
    The RCS of a sphere is in most cases especially simple (Goodrich et al., 1961). If the
diameter is large compared to the operating wavelength then the RCS of a smooth
reflective sphere is just its projected geometrical area, or σ = πr2, and this is constant with
regard to wavelength and with regard to any linear polarisation. Thanks to spherical
symmetry everything also stays constant regardless of aspect. For these reasons spheres
are often used as radar calibration targets.

   Another simplification allowed by spherical targets is that tracking errors will be
negligible. Because an echoing target acts as an antenna re-radiating intercepted power, its
radar output has its own near- and far-field properties and a radiation pattern related to its
size and shape. For large and complex targets the phase differences between wavefronts
coming from different parts of the target can add or subtract in complicated ways to shift
the phase centroid away from the geometric centre of the target - even outside the physical
target volume. This is called a 'glint' error, which can be significant for tactical tracking
radars in particular. But in the case of a smooth sphere there is no glint or tracking error, as
the phase centroid always coincides with the geometric centre.

 As already mentioned, in the far-field or 'optical' region of the RCS diagram in Fig.1,
where λ<< range and λ<< radius, RCS is constant. However when the circumference of the
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                      Page 3                              M. L. Shough


sphere falls below about 10λ, then the response is in the Mie resonance region of the
diagram and RCS can fluctuate increasingly widely as the circumference approaches the
wavelength. Finally, where 2πr/λ falls below 1.0 we enter the Rayleigh region, which
describes the case for spheres that are small in relation to the wavelength and here the
RCS is strongly and linearly wavelength-dependent (like the 4th power). This is the part of
the diagram usually appropriate to weather radar detection of raindrops and hail.


                            Figure 1. The Radar Cross-Section Diagram


4. RCS of a Sphere in the Mie Region
    As described in Section 3, in the Mie or resonance region the far-field RCS equation
breaks down. This is mainly due to interference caused by "creeping waves". Whilst most
of the radar energy returned from a sphere is due to specular reflection at the point nearest
to the antenna, there is an added contribution when the radar wavelength is near the target
circumference (Fig 2). Some radar energy follows the surface of the sphere and "creeps"
all the way around its shadowed side to be backscattered towards the receiving antenna.
But because of phase differences these two components of the radar return do not always
add constructively. Instead interference produces a series of peaks and troughs, so that
where λ = 2r the RCS oscillates, up to a peak of 4 times the far-field value rising from an
adjacent minimum of 0.26 times the far-field value. In other words a change of less than a
factor 2 in either the target radius or the radar wavelength can change RCS by a factor of
about 15.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                    Page 4                                M. L. Shough


                 Figure 2. Specular and Creeping Waves on a Spherical Reflector


5. Polarisation
    Polarisation of a simple radio wave is defined by the orientation of the plane of the
electric vector, which is rotated 90° relative to the plane of the magnetic vector. Electrons
in a resonating target undergo an induced oscillation in this plane when the energy is
absorbed by them, acquiring an electric dipole moment that varies at the frequency of the
incident wave, and the oscillating charge in turn acts as a secondary transmitting antenna
to return an "echo". By (in effect) rotating the entire radar antenna the designer can choose
the plane of radar polarisation to suit different applications. Most radar applications use
horizontally polarised waves. For some applications the output is elliptically polarised to
varying degrees (as described below), or occasionally cross-polarised. Polarisation losses
caused by these different modes are of considerable importance for determining RCS.
Some of these losses are unwanted, others are created by design.

   Unwanted polarisation loss occurs because most surveillance radar is horizontal plane-
polarised in order to optimise detection of horizontally extended edges and cylinders. This
direction suits the typical orientation of most targets - aircraft, ships, coastlines etc -
needing to be detected in the air or at sea. Horizontal linear polarisation is also often used
in weather radars (such as the WSR-88D widely-used in the US NEXRAD network) to
maximise echo from raindrops, the reason being that they are flattened by aerodynamic
compression forces during their fall. But some target components are narrow vertical
cylinders and edges - such as masts, funnels and rigging on ships, or tail fins on aircraft -
and these shapes incur polarisation loss because they reflect only the parallel (vertical)
component and so give poor echoes for horizontally polarised radars (Wiley, 1952; Briggs,
1998).Similarly, horizontally plane-polarised radar might be relatively inefficient at
tracking missile launches, for example, if the typical target orientation is perpendicular to
the plane of polarisation, so the output of a dedicated launch tracking radar might be
chosen to be vertical plane-polarised.

   In these cases the objective is to minimise polarisation loss in order to optimise the
detection of certain targets. But in other cases the design goal is to maximise polarisation
loss in order to suppress echoes from certain targets, especially for rejection of weather
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                            Page 5                                 M. L. Shough


clutter in ATC and defence surveillance radars by the use of non-linear polarisation.

    Weather clutter is very largely caused by echo from near-spherical water droplets or
hailstones, so for this reason circular or elliptical polarisation is used. This is created by
splitting the output electric vector into two equal vectors, rotating one through 90° and
introducing a 1/4 wave phase delay with respect to the other, with the effect that the
resultant electric vector rotates as it progresses down the axis of propagation. This rotation
can be either anticlockwise or clockwise with respect to the direction of propagation,
described as left-handed or right-handed respectively.

   The clutter suppression effect of this technique depends on the facts that the direction
of polarisation of the radar wave is inverted through reflection and that an antenna
emitting signals of one handedness will only receive signals of the same handedness,
rejecting signals of oppositely-handed polarisation. Reflections of right-circularly
polarised signals from smooth spheres are returned efficiently to the receiver as left-
circularly polarised echoes, so the radar is blind to them; whereas echoes from
complicated targets such as aircraft or ground structures undergo random numbers of
multiple reflections before bouncing back to the receiver and thus arrive having enough of
the original handedness to give a usable signal. This technique can reduce the RCS of a
near-spherical raindrop by 15-30dB (up to 1/1000) whilst reducing typical aircraft RCS by
only 5-7dB (Mao, 1988) or "complicated targets such as ships and aircraft" (Briggs, 1998)
by as little as 3dB (1/2), improving the differential visibility of targets in weather by a
factor of several hundred.2

    If raindrops were perfect spheres then simple circular polarisation would be a still more
effective clutter suppressor than it is, but they generally are not perfect spheres.
Fortunately the phase and amplitude relationships of the component wave vectors can be
tailored to produce elliptical polarisations. Elliptical polarisation theoretically can improve
the rejection of weather clutter, but different types of raindrop have different ellipticities
and matching the output to spheroids with variable axial ratios in the region 0.94 - 0.99
(Skolnik, Intro p.505) is a delicate task. Moreover the degree of ellipticity of the radar
polarisation changes as the beam penetrates into the rain because of random phase shifts
due to scattering, and the shapes of raindrops themselves may vary from place to place
within the same weather system, so that reacting to rain clutter effectively needs adaptive
polarisation and complex algorithms.

  The use of polarisation designed to suppress weather has implications for the effective
RCS of spherical targets in general.


6. General Practical Effects with Typical Radar Wavelengths and Polarisations
    Some wavelengths and other characteristics of various civil and military radars
commonly used for air traffic control (ATC), defence surveillance and targeting are listed
in Table 1. As explained in Section 3 the RCS of a sphere is sensitive to the ratio of
wavelength to radius. Where λ<<range and λ<<radius we are in the optical or equivalent far-
field region of the RCS diagram, where σ = π r2 and returned signal strength will vary
smoothly as the 4th power of the range. The boundary of this region occurs where the
circumference of the sphere is more than about 10 times the wavelength, or, to put it

2. A technique called linear cross-polarisation can also be used but is not so effective.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                            Page 6                                             M. L. Shough


differently, where the diameter of the sphere is about 3.2 times the wavelength.

   From Table 1 (adapted from Cole, 1985) we can see that for a range of civil/military
ATC and surveillance radars this optical case will apply for spheres larger than about 0.5m
in diameter (32 - 74cm). Below this size (down to the Rayleigh limit) the Mie resonance
case will apply and RCS will fluctuate nonlinearly. For some long range ATC and defence
radars the boundary will lie at about 1.6m.


  Typical
                            Operational role                                Characteristics
 wavelength
                     Airfield Surface Movement   very high resolution for detecting aircraft, ground vehicles and
                          Indicator (ASMI)                          personnel on the airfield
     8mm
                            Infantry manpack      portable high-resolution tactical radar for battlefield use


                             Mobile security                  for area security and military tactical vehicles

                     Precision Approach (PAR)                 guides a/c onto glide path and to touchdown

                       Airfield Control (ACR)                          guides a/c onto PAR or ILS

      3cm               Gunlaying & tracking          often mobile, tactical target acquisition and following

                       Airborne Intercept (AI)      nose-mounted target-following for air weapons guidance

                              Weather radar                         detection of volume precipitation

                              Marine radar                       seaborne navigation and anti-collision


      6cm                     Weather radar                         detection of volume precipitation


                                                                    detection of volume precipitation
                              Weather radar
                                                 surveillance of ATC terminal areas, guidance of a/c to runways
                               ATC TMA
                                                                surveillance of air routes out to ~200nmi
                             ATC long range
     10cm
                                                      transportable, tactical air support and recovery to base,
                             Defence Tactical
                                                                            anti-jamming
                             Defence Search
                                                 detection of hostiles and direction of interception, anti-jamming,
                                                                     usually with height-finder


                             ATC long range                     surveillance of air routes out to ~200nmi

                             Defence Tactical         transportable, tactical air support and recovery to base
     23cm
                             Defence Search      detection of hostiles and direction of interception, anti-jamming,
                                                                     usually with height-finder
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                          Page 7                                        M. L. Shough


     50cm                   Long-range ATC                  surveillance of air routes out to ~200nmi


               Table 1. Wavelengths and Other Characteristics of a Range of Civil
                                     and Military Radars

    Close to these critical values where the largest Mie resonance fluctuation is to be found
it might sometimes occur that multiple radars of different types with operating
wavelengths differing by a factor of about 2 (as is the general case in Table 1) might
encounter a differential in effective RCS of about an order of magnitude (see Section 3,
Fig.1). In practice this means that if the probability of detection of a ~1m sphere is about
90% by a long range L-band en route ATC radar then the probability of detection of the
same target by an S-band terminal area radar might be only around 10%, or vice versa.3

   A further factor determining RCS is polarisation, as discussed in Section 5. ATC radars
in particular require weather clutter suppression. Circular polarisation will cause a
designed polarisation loss for spheres of all radii, but for a given r/λ the loss will be
smaller the larger r becomes, as increasing radius of curvature of the surface at the
specular point approximates a plane reflector (in the limit of a sphere of infinite radius). If
non-circular elliptical polarisation is in use, an echo from a perfectly spherical UAP would
be rejected at the receiver with somewhat lower efficiency than elliptical raindrops (in
terms of dB-down per unit RCS) and might have some added super-clutter visibility on
this account. Of course one can only speculate about the true sphericity or otherwise of
hypothetical radar-reflective UAPs .

   Another type of clutter suppression necessary for most applications is MTI, or Moving
Target Indication, which in its simplest form compares pulse-to-pulse phase shifts in the
echoed signal to measure small changes in target range (on the scale of a fraction of a
wavelength, i.e. typically millimeters) and uses a filter to reject targets with phase shifts
above a certain value. In this way permanent clutter due to ground reflections can be
eliminated from the display. A side effect is that stationary airborne targets, or moving
targets in certain radius turns that happen to preserve constant echo phase, might also be
rejected. These problems of MTI "blindness" are not generally very important, but might
occasionally be, especially when considering older radar systems involved in historical
incidents.

   Contrarily, certain targets of complex shape which are stationary in the sense of having
no bulk displacement might rotate, either bodily or in part, and present a varying aspect to
the radar, such that phase shifts defeat the MTI filter. Thus a stationary target, such as a
hovering helicopter, may still appear on the display with MTI switched on.4 In a similar

3. Assuming equivalent conditions, i.e. that the target lies at the same fraction of maximum effective range
       from both radars, and neglecting factors other than wavelength.
4. Sophisticated modern MTI (often known as MTD for Moving Target Detection) uses a bank of Doppler
       filters to examine the Doppler content of returned signals and in this way is able to discriminate and
       control more types of clutter echo. For example, a reflector such as a wind-blown forest on the side
       of a hill may have zero bulk displacement yet contain a spectrum of non-zero radial speeds which
       can defeat simple MTI cancellation. MTI will thus not rid the radar screen of this permanent clutter.
       But Doppler MTD can analyse these spectra and the filters can be "tuned" to recognise and
       eliminate them whilst preserving wanted "stationary" targets with different Doppler signatures, such
       as hovering helicopters.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                          Page 8                                       M. L. Shough


way, an aircraft on a constant radius course which might otherwise be filtered from the
screen due to to MTI "phase blindness" may bank or yaw and return phase-shifted echoes.
Clearly, in the case of helicopters and fixed wing aircraft such an MTI "flaw" tends to be
quite useful for ATC purposes. But evidently a truly spherical target whose aspect
variation is zero will not benefit from it, and therefore we can say that spherical targets
may in general tend to have a slightly reduced probability of detection in certain marginal
situations (but see Section 8).


7. Material Composition
    Material composition has a dramatic effect on RCS of all targets. The radar echo
depends on induced charge motions in the target and RCS is calculated as a ratio of the
efficiency of a perfectly conducting sphere. But not all types of objects in the air are
perfectly conducting, or even conducting at all.

i) solids
    Solid spheres made of nonconductive materials will generally have an RCS of
approximately zero. Such types of object would include neoprene or polyethylene balloons
(neglecting payload equipment which may return an echo). However, balloons with
metallised fabrics are sometimes used for radar callibration and similar purposes, and
would return an efficient echo subject to all the considerations previously outlined. If an
ordinary weather balloon should be wet, or iced in severe cold, then it too may acquire a
small RCS.

   Conversely, conductive metal spheres which are inherently efficient reflectors might be
coated with radar-absorbent paints (a well-established technology dating back to the
1950s), or with high-tech metamaterials,5 and might as a result have a negligible RCS.

ii) aggregates
    On the other hand a target that is not even a solid can be a highly efficient radar
reflector, provided it permits the induction of radiating currents. For example a dispensed
cloud of very fine wires each a few cm in length can be as effective as a solid sheet of
steel in hiding an aircraft from enemy radar, and similar types of "chaff" and "window"
have been used to decoy and confuse radars since WWII. A cloud of such reflectors might
initially behave for radar purposes somewhat like a compact blob or ribbon, drifting down
under gravity and slowly dispersing. But most aggregate wind-dependent targets of this
type would be unlikely to behave like airborne spheres for any length of time.

   Clouds of suspended water droplets, or ice in the form of hail pellets or crystals, are of
course routinely detected by radar. Individual droplets and hail pellets may behave as
spherical resonators generally in the Rayleigh scattering region of the RCS diagram. These
types of natural precipitation do not normally aggregate in spheroidal forms.

   Considering clouds of individual echoing elements on a smaller scale, conductive
metallic particles or dusts could form temporarily suspended windborne clouds. Insofar as
such reflectors are detectable (an excited resonance depends on the ratio of particle size to
wavelength) they would in general tend to behave like natural precipitation, being in the


5. Microwave metamaterials are relatively new technology, at least in the white world, and practical
       applications may be some time away (see Section 8.iii) (Gao, 2005; Varga, 2004)
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                           Page 9                                         M. L. Shough


Rayleigh scattering region for all purposes with an RCS linearly proportional to the 4th
power of the radius (see Section 3, Fig.1 ). Again there seems to be no reason for such
particles to form stable spherical aggregations.

  There is however the possibility that dielectric dusts may be involved in the shaping of
some little-understood types of natural atmospheric plasma related to "ball lightning", so
certain types of targets could perhaps be composites, of dusts held together by - and
themselves modifying - the charge distribution inside compact plasmoids, to which we
now turn.

iii) plasmas
    On a still smaller scale than dusts and droplets, a gas of electrically neutral atoms has
effectively zero RCS, but a gas of ions containing separated free charges can be an
efficient target in the Mie and optical regions.6 Such a state is called a plasma, which is
still electrically neutral overall but can support induced currents.7 Plasma RCS is sensitive
to the wavelength of the radar and the ion density. Generally, long wavelength radar and a
high density of free electrons are conditions for significant RCS.

    Free plasmas in nature - such as lightning channels in the lower atmosphere or auroral
streamers and meteor trails in the upper atmosphere - are regularly detected by radars,
incidentally or by design. In the case of lightning strokes and meteors the fast charge
recombination rates mean that they appear only as extremely short-lived point targets
usually detected only on a single scan of a surveillance radar. Aurorae are more persistent
but present as large, fluctuating, diffuse area targets many degrees of arc in extent. These
types of plasma are not generally of interest for the purposes of this study.

   The head echoes of large, slow, fireball meteors might behave to certain radars as
spheroidal plasmas but will only rarely be detected on several successive scans and thus
from the radar user's point of view are likely to be disregarded or electronically suppressed
as sporadic noise. More interesting for our purposes are the tropospheric phenomena
generally known as "ball lightning" (BL) which according to reports may survive for
periods that are long relative to typical radar update rates.

   BLs appear to be free-floating plasmas held in spheroidal configuration8 by
containment forces that are not well understood. Because the physics is obscure, the
occurrence sporadic and the controversial models not predictive, there have (to the
author's knowledge) been no studies of BL on radar. But we can make some general
remarks.

   A natural plasmoid is expected to have a radially varying ion density (generally
proportional to a central field strength varying like 1/r), as in Fig.3, with an effective radio
surface being defined by a transition from what are called overdense to underdense states.
This surface can be treated as a perfectly conducting metal shell. (Kleinman et al., 1970)

6. This difference is exploited militarily in a stealthed radio antenna called a plasma antenna. This is a
        radar-transparent tube of gas which, when energised, is heated and ionised, behaving like a
        conductive metal and radiating radio waves, but which when cold and unused recombines to a
        neutral gas which cannot be detected by enemy radars.
7
   See paper 2.2 for a corollary discussion. (Ed.)
8. A spheroid represents a minimum-energy surface and for this reason a spheroid (or sometimes an
        ellipsoid) is usually the only stable solution in viable electromagnetic BL theories.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                            Page 10                            M. L. Shough


    A spherical plasmoid is the simplest case. For a given spherical plasmoid the radius at
which this critical surface occurs will depend on the wavelength of the illuminating radar.
It occurs where a parameter called the plasma frequency, proportional to the charge
density, exceeds the electromagnetic frequency of the incident radiation. This means that
there is a point at which the RCS of a plasma effectively shrinks to zero area and becomes
invisible to radar as the frequency increases. Or, in other words, wherever there is a natural
spectrum of ion densities in any plasma target, it will have a larger RCS at long
wavelengths, behaving electromagnetically as a perfectly conductive reflecting thin shell
in some longwave limit. Conversely, the same plasma region will be increasingly radar
absorbent at short wavelengths, approaching a perfectly absorbent thin shell in some
shortwave limit.


           Figure 3. Cross-section through a radially varying electron density around
                  an ionising source. At the critical surface reflection is specular,
                              i.e. the plasma behaves as a radio mirror


   So plasmas can be 'tuned' to be either efficient reflectors or efficient absorbers, which
gives them a role in possible radar stealth designs and by the same token makes it difficult
to predict how plasmoids of unknown structure and cause (natural or not) will behave in a
given radar environment.9

   The possibilities are complicated further by the fact the radar surface of critical
reflecting density would not be expected to represent an abrupt transition to a charge
density of zero, so if the depth of the outer plasma is significant relative to the radar
wavelength then the RCS will be the sum of three processes, absorption, reflection and
again absorption.

   In addition to this, where the radar frequency exceeds the plasma frequency in the outer
layer, the layer can act as a diverging lens. The effect of this lensing is to reduce the
apparent RCS of a reflective surface within the layer (Marini,1968). In other cases where
an outer plasma layer around a reflective target is itself to some extent reflective (as in the
case of a re-entering artificial satellite) the resultant echo signal amplitude will be an
unpredictable sum of the phases of the two different reflections, either increasing or


9
    See section 3 in paper 2.4 regarding radar-emission) for related discussion. (Ed)
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                          Page 11                                        M. L. Shough


decreasing the RCS.10

   A persistent plasma is by definition in an equilibrium state between an input energy of
ion dissociation and an output energy due to ion recombination, and this output is in the
form of photons so that a plasma is expected to be generally a continuous optical emitter
during its lifetime. It is worth noting that the radar surface - the critical density surface of
total reflection - generally need not coincide with the emissive optical surface. Therefore
depending on radar wavelength the size of the plasma "seen" by radar may be different
from the size of the same plasma seen by the eye or by optical instruments.

   Charge polarisation may also be a factor. A secret Defence Intelligence Staff study for
UK Ministry of Defence in 2000, codenamed CONDIGN, suggests that dusty plasmas
containing charged aerosols may self-organise into a structure that can enhance radar
scattering and increase RCS. The strong tendency of the plasmoid to maintain neutral
overall charge will cause ions to congregate in oppositely charged clouds which cloak the
aerosols, resulting in plasmoids with temporarily-stable multiple cores bound together by
electric forces. These cores may then resonate independently under radar illumination, so
that the effective RCS of the plasma at changing aspects may be complicated by
fluctuations occurring due to cancelling and reinforcing phase effects.

   It is presumably possible that such hypothetical plasmas may fragment into multiple
independent targets separated by neutral insulating air. In this case the radar signature may
be considered that of an aggregate of smaller spherical resonators, the average overall
RCS varying unpredictably in relation to the radar wavelength and the dimensions of the
radar resolution cell.


8. Conclusions
   In the optical or far-field region of Fig.1, where 2πr/λ ≥ ~10, the relative performance
of different radars at different bearings from a target will remain (uniquely) constant for a
sphere (i.e, RCS is independent of aspect), but near 2πr/λ ≥ ~1 in the Mie region one
would expect to find order-of-magnitude differences in target Pd for nearby dissimilar
radars due to the resonance effects discussed in Section 3. This means that in a typical
ATC radar environment (Section 6) where practical probability of detection Pd of a
spherical target in the order of 1m across by radar A at a given range might be (say) 90%,11
the same primary targer might be detected with Pd < 10% at the same range by radar B of
equal power but different wavelength.


10. This effect was first noticed with radar measurements of the re-entering Soviet Sputniks in the early
        years of the space age. A U.S. study (IEEE, 1963) found that where the echo amplitudes were
        similar the summation of the two phasors in the simple spherical case could either enhance the RCS
        significantly or nullify it completely, rendering the sphere invisible to radar.
11. According to Cole (1985) most users are looking for Pd = 80% - 90% as a desirable efficiency in normal
        operation. The reason why Pd does not approach 100% may not immediately be obvious from the
        relatively straightforward radar equation given in Section 1, but is easier to appreciate in terms of
        the full radar equation given by Cole where the right hand side contains 17 different electromag-
        netic, propagational and engineering factors, of which the RCS (whose complexity even for the
        simplest possible target geometry we have begun to appreciate) is but one. To put this in dramatic
        terms, Pd = 100% is impossible in principle for any real target whatsoever unless its range from the
        antenna is exactly zero.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                          Page 12                                       M. L. Shough


   It is highly likely that natural spherical UAP12 of this order of size do exist (see Fig.4).
There is some indication that artificial13 spherical aeroforms of this order of size may also
exist, or may be in development. Either could potentially impact air safety. Therefore
NARCAP should recommend a study of the ability of the traffic control system to respond
effectively to possible radar hazards when there is a detection conflict between sensors.

   We will now make some further comments on each of these two categories of spheroidal
radar target.

i.) Natural plasma spheroids
    Another factor possibly prejudicing effective ATC response to natural spheroidal radar
hazards of the BL class is their reported short duration. Although this factor is not directly
related to the sphericity of the plasmoids, it may have a bearing on the practical impact of
other factors that are so related.

    The modal duration of BL according to one study (Rayle, 1966) is only 5-7 seconds
(25% of cases; see Fig.5) which is comparable to or shorter than typical ATC radar update
rates (in the range 5-12 seconds for ASR-9 and ARSR-3 radars), meaning that probability
of tracking needs to be considered independently of the probability of simple detection
above noise level. This difference is often expressed in terms of "thresholds of detection".

   A typical tracking filter14 on a surveillance radar usually operates with a threshold of at
least 3 associable plots to avoid overloading the display with spurious track projections
interpolated from nearby unrelated targets, clutter and noise (Cole 1985; Skolnik 1981;
1990). One or two data points on a BL may well survive first and second thresholds of

12. This would be at the large end of the range of diameters reported for natural lightning balls, given as
       generally 0.2 - 1.0m (9" - 39") by Stenhoff (1999) but numbers of such estimates do exist. Rayle
       (1966) found that fully 25% of NASA observers questioned reported diameters in excess of 25"
       (0.64m) and 10% around 35" or more (~1.0m). On most plausible electrical theories BL plasma
       size would be expected to be proportional to the stored energy. There is therefore no definite upper
       limit. Wessel-Berg (2004) calculates that stored BL energy corresponding to a diameter in the order
       of 10m might rarely be within the range of typical lightning discharge energies, but such estimates
       are highly theory-dependent.
13. According to Avionics Magazine, Oct 01 2003: "The AINS program [U.S. Office of Naval Research
       Autonomous Intelligent Networks and Systems project, November 2002] sponsored exercises in
       August using experimental vehicles such as Silver Fox, a fixed-wing UAV built by Advanced
       Ceramics Research (ACR), in Tucson, Ariz. . . . [The] UAV has demonstrated the dropping of
       spherical sensors attached to its wings. These electronically guided, sometimes winged, "eggs" --
       with glide slopes ranging from 2-to-1 to 15-to-1 -- have provided video data."
       http://www.avtoday.com/av/categories/commercial/1126.html
            Dr. Jacques Vallée stated in 1993: ". . .there are small spheres about one meter, you know, 3 or
       4 feet in diameter, that can hover, they can move in any direction, almost silently or in some cases
       silently. They are used as ranging devices. . . . Those things have been, you know, technically
       achievable certainly for the last ten years. These can be used for reconnaissance, they could carry a
       camera. They're essentially platforms, remotely piloted platforms, that can, that are highly
       maneuverable." http://www.21stcenturyradio.com/ForbiddenScience.htm

14. Known as a "track-while-scan" or Automated Detection & Tracking (ADT) system. Note that a local
       ATC area covered by multiple radars may use an integrated ADIT (Automated Detection and
       Integrated Tracking) system to compile detections from all radars into a single track file. With a
       spherical target in the Mie resonance region a counterintuitive situation might possibly arise where
       the addition of a second radar reduces the overall effective signal-to-noise ratio by contributing
       negative detections and preventing the ADIT filter from assigning a track even on the screen of
       another radar that has only positive detections.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                                                   Page 13                                        M. L. Shough


detection, i.e. the receiver would register a signal above noise level, and the plot-extractor
software would present interpulse run-lengths and sample profiles15 to the display as true
detections rather than noise; but the plots would not then be exploitable by the tracking
filter, because typically 3 associable surveillance plots will require a minimum interval of
about 10 seconds. This is a duration equalled or exceeded in only 40% of BL observations
according to Rayle (1966), and in this 40% of cases even if the ADT does assign a primary
track it will be almost as quickly terminated unless further plots are made on succeeding
scans (Skolnik, 1981). Only in about 7% of cases does BL survive long enough to give
four successive radar plots.


                                                      Reported Diameters of Lightning Balls
                                                     25


                            number of observations
                                                     20


                                                     15


                                                     10


                                                      5


                                                      0
                                                          0-1   1.3   3-5   5-7       7-10   10-15   15-25   25-35   >35
                                                                        diameter (inches)


                  Figure 4. Estimated diameters of lightning balls in 98 observations
                       reported by personnel of NASA Lewis Research Centre
                                     (data from Rayle 1966)


   Another factor not directly related to the sphericity of targets but of importance with
regard to natural BL plasmoids is the range of speeds. In 71 observations by NASA
employees tabulated by Rayle (1966) 83% of estimated maximum groundspeeds lie in the
range 0 - 60mph. Many such reflectors would be at high risk of being filtered out by
Moving Target Indicator settings on ATC radars.

    Although spheroidal plasmas have often been observed near and even within aircraft in
flight, historically the observations are more numerous near the ground than at high
altitude. This may merely reflect witness opportunity (there are obviously more potential
observers on or near the ground), but could also be physically significant.16 If so then it

15. The 'run length' indexes the number of positive and negative pulse responses during the beam's dwell
        time on target, and techniques such as the "sliding window" are used to prepare an envelope profile
        (i.e., signal rise and decay slopes) from the amplitudes of the successive pulse echoes. The
        envelope is then compared with a library of envelopes typical of aircraft echoes to decide if a "real
        target" is present.
16. According to several theories it is the conventional cloud-to-ground circuit that maintains the ball,
        suggesting that BL will form below the charged cloud base, i.e. in the middle to lower troposphere.
        In Wessel-Berg's "free-space spherical transmission" model (Wessel-Berg, 2003; 2004) spheres are
        favoured solutions at low level, whilst other geometries would predominate at altitude - a pattern
        which Wessel-Berg claims matches observation.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                                                         Page 14                                 M. L. Shough


would be more likely for aircraft to encounter BL during terminal manouvering than en
route, i.e. when the BL is at low altitude and at relatively short range from relatively large
numbers of radars. From a research point of view this would mean that the distribution of
occurrence of spheroidal plasmas may conveniently be positively correlated with the
completeness and redundancy of radar cover; but, inconveniently, it would be inversely
correlated with the amount of attention that will be spared for them by aircrews and Air
Traffic Controllers, as long as they are regarded as a low-priority, low-risk issue.

                                                             Duration of Ball Lighting observations
                                                        25


                              num ber of observations
                                                        20


                                                        15


                                                        10


                                                         5


                                                         0
                                                               0-1   1-5    5-7     7-10    10-15   15-25   25-35   >35

                                                                     duration of observation (seconds)


                   Figure 5. Estimated durations of lightning balls in 96 observations
                       reported by personnel of NASA Lewis Research Centre
                                       (data from Rayle 1966)

   These factors give added point to the air safety considerations: Terminal radar control
(TRACON) areas are the most congested airspaces, extending up to perhaps 13,000ft for a
few tens of miles around major airports and covered usually by multiple S-band radar
heads of the ASR-9 class with outputs centralised at a remote TRACON facility. Here is
where the highest level of aircrew and controller workload coincides with the highest level
of risk to commercial planes due to their proximity to the ground, to birds, to uncontrolled
primary traffic and to one another.

   It is therefore of concern, given these psychological and environmental factors, that we
have identified several physical and engineering factors that may tend to prejudice the
radar Pd of plasma spheroids. These include:

         unpredictable variability of RCS due to plasma absorption and phase interference
          effects;
         fugitive and possibly conflicting radar responses in the Mie resonance region;
         spherical/elliptical polarisation losses; and
         MTI suppression.17


17. On the other hand it may conceivably be the case (depending on the unknown physics of BL) that
        relatively rapid oscillations on a scale of cms, such as internal turbulence, spinning, radial scale
        fluctations, or oscillatory bulk displacements, might occur which defeat MTI filters by returning
        phase-shifted echoes even if a plasmoid is on average stationary.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                            Page 15                                          M. L. Shough


   To these factors we can add that because plasma RCS will in general be positively
correlated with radar wavelength (Section 7.iii), and because en route ATC radars tend to
operate with longer wavelengths than shorter-range TMA radars (Table 1),

         the Pd of BL by air traffic surveillance radars will tend to be higher in the upper
          troposphere (tens of thousands of feet) where its frequency of occurrence is lowest,
          and lower in just those low-level TMA airspace volumes (thousands of feet and
          below) where it seems most likely to be encountered.

   Moreover, we note that insofar as lightning is regarded as a "weather" phenomenon,
BL-type plasmoids may be an under-emphasised air traffic risk if reliance on integrated
weather radar products - such as the FAA Integrated Terminal Weather System (ITWS)
operational since 1998 - encourages complacency on the part of Controllers. BL plasma
spheroids appear to be strongly correlated with thunderstorm conditions, but do not always
occur near or during active electrical storms, and whilst ordinary lightning strokes can be
monitored by passive RF lightning mappers and other means, and their associated storm
cell precipitation detected and predictively mapped by weather radars, BL falls through
both the lightning-detector and radar nets. Weather radars such as WSR-88D are short
wavelength (Table 1), optimised for precipitation, and unsuitable for detection of echo
from plasmas, in addition to which they employ slow volume scan algorithms whose
update rates (up to 10 minutes) are useless for obtaining timely data on phenomena whose
mean lifetime is measurable in seconds.

ii.) artificial spheroids
    Hypothetical artificial aerial spheroids may behave like simple metal reflectors, in
which case the considerations of Sections 1 to 7.ii apply. By definition (Section 1.ii) the
RCS of a simple spherical conductor must be proportional to its projected area. An
exception would be spheroids constructed using traditional Radar Absorbent Materials
(RAM) or microwave metamaterials, as mentioned in Section 7.i.

    Metamaterials are like a honeycomb or matrix of small radio waveguides whose
geometry is carefully calculated to control the behaviour of radio waves incident on the
material, potentially in more efficient and controllable ways than traditional RAM
coatings An object whose gross geometry, on a scale >>λ, is that of a simple sphere might
be stealthed by a cloak of metamaterials that give it a more complex surface geometry on
scales <λ. Such materials can, in principle, be designed to duct energy around an object, so
that, at the particular design wavelength, it has an RCS that is small or zero and so is
effectively invisible to the radar even though it may be constructed of an intrinsically
radar-reflective conductive material. (Schurig et al., 2006; see also Alù et al., 2004; Cui et
al., 2008)

   Given that unidentified spheroidal aeroforms do exist, it is also possible to imagine that
the technologies of lift, propulsion or concealment involve the generation of a plasma
sheath around the vehicle.18 The principle has been considered for control of laminar flow
around airframes - both for increasing aerodynamic efficiency and for suppressing sonic
booms. - and also has applications in radar stealth. (Chow et al., 2002) Experimental

18. Clearly a sphere has zero average aerodynamic lift (apart from a possible small Magnus Effect lift if in
        rapid rotation) and, if it is not neutrally buoyant, relatively exotic flight principles might be implied.
        It is not our purpose here to speculate about such principles. [Also see Paper 2.1.1 for further
        relevant information; Ed.]
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                          Page 16                                       M. L. Shough


systems are known to have been tested in various countries including Russia, the US and
France. In 2002 a Russian plasma stealth system was reported as being installed in a
combat production aircraft, offering a factor 100 reduction in RCS. (Fiszer &
Gruszczynski, 2002)

   Whilst an overdense plasma surface will act as a radar mirror (Section 7.iii), effectively
increasing the target's projected area and therefore its RCS, an underdense sheath is in
principle an efficient absorber and instead of reflecting incident microwave energy back to
the transmitter will transduce it into heat (and possibly light).19 Also as mentioned in
Section 7.iii divergent lensing would be expected within an underdense spherical plasma,
so that the effective residual RCS due to radar energy reaching a vehicle within such an
absorbent sheath might be somewhat further reduced.

    It is possible that phasor addition of reflections from a solid metallic core and from a
partially radar-transparent surrounding plasma sheath might eliminate the resultant RCS
entirely (IEEE, 1963). But generally such phase effects will be fortuitous, dependent on
unpredictable physical and electromagnetic variables. Useful control of such an effect
seems less likely than the use of a plasma sheath as a microwave absorber, although to be
fully effective in practice both presuppose impressive systems agility, from sensor to
reactive hardware.

   Another theoretical possibility for a smart sphere capable of rapid analysis of incident
radar wavelength is exploitation of the variable RCS occurring in the Mie resonance
region. This would require reactive variable-geometry, specifically change of physical
radius. The simplest case would be inflation-deflation of a spherical skin (such as a
metallised fabric) by control of gas pressure, which one might imagine being a technique
open to the new class of part-buoyant Hybrid Air Vehicles (HAV) being developed by the
US and UK for long-endurance surveillance.20 Far-fetched, perhaps, but small changes of
sphere radius near λ = 2r could allow a factor-15 control over RCS. This corresponds to
a power ratio of only ~12dB, which is small compared to ~30dB or more achieved by
proven stealthing techniques (about 1.5%) and claimed for plasma stealth (1%) but might
not be negligible in some marginal cases.

   Whether any small, smart, spherical devices exploiting Mie resonance mechanically
have ever been conceived, designed, or flown is a matter for speculation, but it seems
unlikely. Electromagnetic inflation-deflation of the effective radar-echoing area of a
plasma sheath by varying the plasma frequency (Section 7.iii) is perhaps a slightly less
impractical way to implement this principle, if it were ever thought worthwhile.

   In summary, certain limitations on efficient radar detection of both natural plasma
spheroids and hypothetical spherical devices have been identified. In terms of NARCAP's

19. There may be a trade-off to be considered between reduced RCS and an increased target signature for
        thermal-optical tracking systems.
20. E.g., Lockheed Martin's LEMV (Long Endurance Multi-Intelligence Vehicle) and the Skycat developed
        by HAV Ltd at Cardington in the UK. These helium designs are typically 60-80% buoyant. But they
        are generally much too large for Mie resonance effects to be relevant and are not spherical.
        Spherical airships have been marketed in recent years by, among others, Cyber Aerospace
        Corporation and Techsphere Systems International in the US, but again these are very large, bigger
        than 10*2πr/λ except for long meter waves and thus well into the linear optical region for practical
        radar purposes. Presumably classified meter-sized HAV programs for specialised applications may
        exist as well as these white-world private-venture vehicles.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                           Page 17                                        M. L. Shough


mission, we raise the concern that such phenomena could, in certain circumstances, pose a
potential risk to air safety that may be underestimated in current ATC system design and
operation.


9. Recommendations
   The general definition of the risk Ro of an event is the product

              Ro = Po * Io                                                                        2

where Po = probability of occurrence and Io = impact of occurrence. For example, impact
of an asteroid strike (measured on some appropriate scale of damage) would be very high,
but probability might be very low, leading to only moderate risk. Similarly, the probability
of occurrence within a given radar environment of meter-scale spheroidal flying devices
may be deemed small (both a priori and because of normal effective airspace zoning) but
the potential impact of their occurrence, in circumstances where radar Pd may be degraded
(Section 8), has to be assumed to be relatively large. Conversely, the probability of
occurrence of natural spheroidal plasmas may be intrinsically quite large21 yet the impact
may be relatively small (no known directly attributable fatalities, and pilot reports of BL
manifesting harmlessly near and even inside aircraft, suggest that it can be unexpectedly
benign22). It is possible that the risk product Ro might be similar in both cases.

   No attempt has been made here to quantify this risk, but intuitively it might be thought
negligible. After all, code traffic, primary traffic and various types of radar noise and
clutter - including natural hazards such as birds - generally co-exist peaceably on-screen,
and rare transient phenomena of the type considered here ought not to contribute very
significantly against this background. But the range of properties and effects of BL
plasmoids remains very uncertain, whilst related atmospheric electrical phenomena
continue to be discovered (e.g., sprites, jets etc); and we note that the availability of small
UAV-type devices has spread in recent years beyond the traditional aerospace users
(government agencies and prime military contractors) and into the hands of small
opportunistic entrepreneurs, individual "inventors" and hobbyists,23 a trend which tends to
imply an increasing chance of conflict with controlled air traffic.


21. Some estimates suggest it may be commonplace, simply not easily visible in daylight beyond a few tens
         of meters and thus under-sampled by observers, (Altschuler, 1970) but the true rate is unclear. A
         rate of 3*10-9 km-2 min-1 has been inferred from automated lightning camera photographs, and a
         figure of 3 percent of the frequency of ordinary cloud-to-ground lightning strokes has been derived
         from observer reports (Barry, 1980). A NASA map of global lightning frequency (see
         http://thunder.nsstc.nasa.gov/data/ ) suggests that these estimates are in order-of-magnitude
         agreement for a rate of lightning strikes appropriate to low storm incidence areas (such as the U.K.,
         Scandinavia, N. Canada and some ocean areas).
22. Of course BL could be involved in unsolved fatal air accidents and we would not necessarily know
         about it. Damage reportedly has occurred.
23. C.f., the semi-rigid rotating Girostats and other powered "micro-airships" - from 2ft balloons to 36ft
         dirigibles - flown by amateur rocket builder Frank Sharman in the UK (from about 1989 ), see:
         http://www.unrealaircraft.com/wings/girostat.php ; or the powered spherical balloons and blimps of
         Mikhail Kuzmek in Belgium during the same era, which have been claimed (admittedly on
         unconvincing evidence) as contributors to the Belgian wave of UFO sightings 1989-93, see e.g.
         http://adelmon.free.fr/vaguebelge/Kuzmek1.html
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                    Page 18                                 M. L. Shough


   Therefore NARCAP should recommend that FAA radar data-collection procedures be
audited to ensure that the Administration is in a position to effectively prevent - or to react
in a timely and effective fashion to any failure to prevent - future conflicts between UAPs
and code traffic in controlled airspace.

   In an ideal world, given some of the sensor limitations and potential risks mentioned in
Section 8, one would like to recommend that long-wavelength, rapid-update acquisition
and target-following radars, tailored for short-lifetime UAP detection and bypassing the
limitations imposed by ADT and MTI signal processing filters in traffic control, be
deployed to monitor busy low-altitude airspace volumes. Such a dedicated raw radar
product could be made optionally available to Controllers in real time alongside
precipitation and wind-gust display overlays via the integrated ITWS (thus
complementing, not compromising, the functionality of the ATC signal processing).

    But such a step, however desirable (from the point of view of research as well as of air
safety), would rightly be considered costly and impractical by industry and regulators,
even if the risk product (see above) were considered not negligible. Any improvement in
real-time detection of natural BL plasmoids needs to be acted upon to reduce practical
risk, but communication and reaction times are probably longer than the typical plasmoid
lifetime, and air safety gains would probably be negligible.

   Indirect safety benefits might accrue from non-real-time study of transient UAP
detections by existing ATC radar systems. However, mere routine analysis of past radar
data logs would not necessarily provide data useful for research. Past experience indicates
(e.g. Haines, et.al., 2007) that combing FAA datasets for plots of low- Pd UAPs that may
be characterised by small RCS and short lifetime is likely to be inconclusive. This is
because primary echo data are typically reduced to digitised plot-extracted form at the
radar head (see Section 8.i), permitting rapid dissemination to Control rooms by narrow-
bandwidth telecoms channels but permanently dumping non-track-associated target plots
and raw pulseform data that could be useful for scientific analysis.

   Therefore NARCAP should recommend a study by radar engineers for presentation to
FAA on the cost and practicality of automatically saving raw analogue data at the radar
head, prior to digital plot-extraction and MTI filtering, for detailed non-real-time analysis.
This would place no pressure either on the restricted transmission bandwidth between
radar head and controller display or on the controller's real-time vigilance, but would make
the primary echo pulseforms of transient UAP phenomena available for scientific research
and could provide vital data for ATSB investigations in the event of air accidents related to
UAPs.

   In summary, in the context of the limited remit of this paper, we draw attention
tentatively to the following particular recommendations:

         FAA should investigate the cost of routinely preserving pre-filtered pulseform data
          on uncorrelated primary echoes for later technical analysis.
         FAA should undertake a study of the ability of the traffic control system to respond
          effectively to possible meter-scale UAP radar hazards when there is a conflict
          between nearby sensors operating at different wavelengths (see Section 8.i, Note
          12)
         FAA should ensure that Air Traffic Control managers familiarise radar room staff
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                    Page 19                                M. L. Shough


          with the possible radar characteristics of short-duration, sub-meter-scale plasma
          spheroids - e.g., slow-moving, variable-RCS primary echoes on short tracks
         in furtherance of which, ATC and carriers should maintain up-to-date reviews of:
          a) literature in relevant areas of meteorology, plasmadynamics and plasma stealth
          technology
          b) information on government and private-venture UAV development programs;
          and
          c) reliable sources of research in the field of anomalistics


10. References
Alù, A. and Nader, E.,'Peculiar Radar Cross-Section Properties of Double-Negative and
         Single-Negative Metamaterials', Departmental Papers (ESE) 2004. Available at:
         http://works.bepress.com/andrea_alu/2
 Altschuler, M.D., 'Atmospheric Electricity & Plasma Interpretations of UFOs'. in: Gilmor
         (ed.), Scientific Study of Unidentified Flying Objects, Colorado U./Vision Press,
         1970, p.723.
 Barry, James D., 'Ball Lightning & Bead Lightning'. Plenum Press, New York, 1980.
 Briggs, John N., 'Target detection by Marine Radar',' IEE Radar, Sonar & Navigation
         Series 16, 1998, p. 256.
 Chow, A., K.X. He, J.D. Mo, X. Tang, 'Weakly ionized gas characterization and
         applications in shear flow control by microwave', 33rd Plasmodynamics and Lasers
         Conference, Maui, Hawaii, May 2002.
Cole, Henry W., 'Understanding Radar', Collins, London, 1985.
CONDIGN Report, 'Charged Dust Aerosols - Dusty Plasmas & Atmospheric Plasmas as
         Reflectors and Absorbers', Vol. 2, p. 61, Working paper No 19, MoD, U.K., 2000.
CONDIGN Report, 'Detection of UAPs by Radar', Vol. 2, p. 46, Working Paper No 5,
         MoD, U.K., 2000.
Cui, W., Jia Chen, Wei Ma, Lede Qiu, 'Peculiar radar cross section properties of
          metamaterials with zero index of refraction', International Conference on
          Microwave and Millimeter Wave Technology, Nat. Key Lab. of Space Microwave
          Technology, Xi'an Institute of Space Radio Technology, 2008.
 Fiszer, M., & J. Gruszczynski, 'Russia Working on Stealth Plasma', Journal of Electronic
          Defense, June 2002.
Gao, Q., Yin, Y., Yan, D.B., Yuan,. N.C., 'Application of metamaterials to ultra-thin radar-
         absorbing material design', Electronics Letters, Vol. 41, No. 17, pp. 936-937, 2005.
Goodrich, R. F., Harrison, B.A., Kleinman, Ralph E., Senior, Thomas B. A., 'Studies in
          Radar Cross-Sections -- XLVII. Diffraction and scattering by regular bodies - I: the
          sphere', 146 pp, University of Michigan. Radiation Laboratory, College of
          Engineering Technical Report, Dec.1961. http://hdl.handle.net/2027.42/21227
 Haines, Richard F. (Senior Ed.), et. al., 'Report of an Unidentified Aerial Phenomenon and
         its Safety Implications at O'Hare International Airport on November 7, 2006.'
         March 9, 2007. http://www.narcap.org/reports/010/TR10, pdf
IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) 'Radar cross sections of dielectric
          or plasma coated conducting spheres and circular cylinders', IEEE Transactions on
          Antennas and Propagation, pp. 558-569, September 1963.
 Kleinman, R. E. Senior, T. B.A., Uslenghi, P. L.E., 'Low Frequency Scattering by Plasma
         Coated Objects', 166pp, University of Michigan Radiation Laboratory, College of
         Engineering Technical Report, January, 1970.
narcap Project Sphere 2.3                Page 20                               M. L. Shough


Mao, Y.H., 'MTI, MTD and adaptive clutter cancellation', in: 'Advanced Radar
       Techniques & Systems', Gaspare Galati (Ed), IEE Radar, Sonar, Navigation and
       Avionics Series 4, Peter Peregrinus Ltd. (on behalf of IEE 1988), p.285.
Marini, John W., 'On The Decrease of the RCS of the Apollo Command Module Due to
       Reentry Plasma Effects',, NASA Technical Note TN D-4784, Goddard Space Flight
       Center, Greenbelt, Md, September 1968.
        http://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/19680025668_1968025668.pdf
Rayle, Warren D., 'Survey on Ball Lightning Characteristics', NASA Technical Note TN-
       D-3188, NASA Lewis Research Center, January 1966.
Schurig, D., J. Mock, B. Justice, S. Cummer, J. Pendry, A. Starr, D. Smith, 'Metamaterial
       Electromagnetic Cloak at Microwave Frequencies', Science, Vol. 314. No. 5801,
       977-980, 2006. http://www.sciencemag.org/cgi/content/abstract/1133628
Skolnik, M.I. (Ed.), 'Radar Handbook' (2nd Edition), McGraw-Hill, 1990.
Skolnik, M.I., 'Introduction to Radar Systems', (2nd Ed.), McGraw-Hill International,
       1981.
Stenhoff, M, 'Ball Lightning—An Unsolved Problem in Atmospheric Physics', Plenum
       Press, 1999.
Wessel-Berg, T., 'A proposed theory of the phenomenon of ball lightning', Elsevier,
       Physica D, 182, 223–253, 2003.
Wessel-Berg, T., 'Ball Lightning and Atmospheric Light Phenomena: A Common Origin?'
       Journal of Scientific Exploration, Vol. 18, No. 3, pp. 439–481, 2004.
Wiley, F. J., 'The Use of Radar at Sea', Institute of Navigation/Hollis & Carter, London,
       1952.
Varga, L., 'Radar Signature Control Using Metamaterials', Defence R&D Canada,
       Technical Memorandum DRDC Ottawa TM 2004-265, November 2004.
       http://pubs.drdc.gc.ca/PDFS/unc33/p523164.pdf
