{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-17 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288901","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114461","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3210,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/901/mufon-5288901.json","updb_database_id":5288901}
Hovering and defending human like entity

The story and video attached are recited verbatim from my neice. Her, her daughter and boyfriend were all witnesses. The video was taken approximately 5 miles north of mcconnelsville Ohio. And 1 mile south or Jesse Owens state park on state route 78. This happened on approximately December 17th 2020. I’m reciting what my neice told me. They saw something off the left side of the high way hovering above the tree line which is no more than 500 foot in the distance. They pull over and began videoing with my neice’s phone and my great neices phone. All 3 witnesses claimed it looked like a being sitting in a chair that was hovering and no sound could be heard. My neices boyfriend said it looked like the ejector seat that a fighter jet has in the movies. My neice said it’s legs appeared to sit on a foot rest and that she saw it’s foot slip off the “rung” and that it lifted its leg and repositioned its leg to rest on the “foot rest”. They all agreed to seeing this. They all also agreed that they felt that the object/ being realized that it was being observed and moved into the tree line. This is part of the old AEP public land that has recently been purchased the the state of Ohio for public land. I contacted the odnr (Ohio department of natural resources) and talked to the person that directly oversaw the area in question and was informed that the odnr has not flown any drones and would have a record if they had because of state drone regulations. This area is also back woods and behind gated state park lands during this time of the year. I was able to get still frames of the of the video that seemed to show what my neice said she saw. These videos shot on 2 separate phones have absolutely not been altered by me or my neice or her family in any way.100%. I would be curious to see if Mufon could do more with the video image. I have included the two videos shot at the same time on two separate phones. A still photo I took from one of the videos as well as site picture that I drew a black circle around the area this was observed.
