{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-10 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522901","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33107","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2364,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/901/mufon-5522901.json","updb_database_id":5522901}
driving south from iron bridge rd to colonial heights, size of football field, felt they could hear what i was thinking

I was driving home from a softball game one summer night in 2008, just outside of Richmond Va. A large triangular object with three lights, one at each point of the shape, shined bright white. It was very dark out and I couldn't believe no other cars noticed it, maybe they did. I drove along side it for about 15 minutes and it left my view on a slow path toward the direction I was headed toward. I merged onto I95 south and exited at my exit, just outside of colonial height Va. It was a laps of ten minutes or so and I pulled up to the stop light I was astonished to see it directly in front of me. Two convenience stores are at the intersection and where very active. It flew slowly, directly over my car and sped off behind me and up into the sky. My light turned green and I continued home and regret not stopping or catching it on my phone camera to this day. I only mentioned it jokingly to my husband, who paid me no mind. Haven't really talked about it since. I have  always watched the skies and have never seen anything like it before or since, except on the internet. I have seen strange lights before, which move in strange patterns at fast speeds, from a distance but never something this concrete or close. As it flew over my car, the sheer size was astonishing,as big as a Wal-Mart. The center of the bottom of the craft had a yellow window/light of some sort with a fussy image in it. I felt like it could hear my thoughts and wanted to say, "O.k. here I am and goodbye for now." I know what I saw and I will never forget it. I didn't feel fear but peace and it confirmed for me, my beliefes of alien lifeforms moving about our planet.
