{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-17 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501901","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57125","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4186,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/901/mufon-5501901.json","updb_database_id":5501901}
{dr}there were atleast three different style ufos at 50 we stopped counting. they were everywhere it was amazing. the triangle was the most amazing.

I had read on facebook during the day (6/17/14 ) that ufos have been seen since sat all over marion. They flashed like fire flies. So when I went to get cigarette s at 9:30 pm I was watching the sky hoping to see onemy 16 yr old was driving south on st rt 4 heading home when to our left I say an object that was roundish star shaped flashing white strobe style matching our speed but up in the sky not high but telphone pole top height. I was so excited when we got home five mins later I got everyone outside and tokd them what was on fb and at that point the ufo was over our property then it vanished. Thats when we say all of the smaller round ufos that blinked whit yellow and red everywhere. They would go fast and turn suddenly then stop and go total white and still like trying to blend in as a star some turned yelowish white others bright white some woulf fade completely out. Then out of the blue they would start blinking all the colors again and take off. They went every direction it was amazing and I cant believe how many there were. About 1200 am we head a plane but never say it. Right after we gad these bright silver oorbs appear beside my boyfriends car by this tone it was just ne and my 12 yr old he pointed it out. Then we saw theses silver fire flies there were like nothing ive ever seen. That lasted maybe five mins. Then we went out back by the back fields thats where we saw a silver fluid like ball on the ground it moved like a slinky and vanished I was so excited I didnt put much thought into it. While outback to are left four good size strobe ufos appeared and flew past us out toward middle of the field. When they reached infront of us it was only two about the middle between the ground and clouds too low for a plane and made no sounds what so ever. Rt as they passed I had this weird feeling and looked up and there rt above us low enough I could see it was a trinagle ufo like ive seen on history 2 ufo shows. I saw it on ur program also. It was all black with white lights on each corner with a small red accent light.in the center was a green blue sphere that seemed to glow. I was floored by how low it was and it was hardly moving. It slowly passed over us and picked up speed we watched it go out over the field and we watched it until it disappeared towards the back of the field.never saw the trangle again but watched the blinky ones and a few strobe ones in the distance until about 150/2 am all the sudden they seemed to vanish as fast as they appeared. We tried to video the ufo and take pics on our smart phone but nithing showed up its all black. I am so happy and excited that finally I got to see a ufo well did I ever see ufos last night.I honestly hope one of ur field investors come here to- night this is so weird three different types of crafts. This is diffently worth sending someone to check out and get some video and photos. mufons is more then welcome to come here and watch this. I cant wait for dark tonight so I can see them again. This is diffently a hear and no chance i dont think once there gone ill ever have an opportunity again to see. I hope mofon can this evening and witness all this. I am so into the super natural and acient ailens. I beleieve in all of itI have seen ghost since I can remember. I have dreamed of last night for so long and then to have it happen! I only listed only the people at my home. There are lots of facebook posting about seeing this for days.
