{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-13 21:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546901","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19936","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5185,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/901/mufon-5546901.json","updb_database_id":5546901}
Similar to Moscow Halo Cloud

While I was driving to work about 9:40pm on 10/13/2009, I noticed a flashing blueish light in the sky. I had just passed through the Doylestown area merging from SR 585N to SR 21N. The light seemed like it could be a spotlight from the ground moving in a counter clockwise circular pattern. 

After watching while I drove, it became apparent that the light was not being projected from the ground. The light seemed to come from within the cloud. The light was not reflected as it would be if the source were external. I could not see any source however. I don't know exactly how far from the ground this was but it was relatively close, maybe a few hundred feet above.

The circumference was pretty large in my opinion. I hadn't seen or heard about the Moscow Halo cloud until I got to work but it seemed to be about that size and distance from the ground. What I saw looked pretty much the same but the lights were moving around continuously in a counter clockwise motion. There was no steady light in the center, just around the edges. I could see the light circle all the way around at a slight angle which would lead me to believe that what ever was projecting this was either smaller and in the center of the cloud or not visible. This may lend more credence to a spotlight except for the fact that I drove at least ten miles while the light kept perfectly in front of me. I eventually lost sight of the anomaly when SR 21 merged into I-77N near Fairlawn (SR 18). Due to the size and relatively close proximity to the ground I would think that a spot light would have been passed up long before then. Also the way the light moved inside the cloud gave a definite 3-d appearance.

When I arrived at work I told my friend but he dismissed it as a helicopter. I have never witnessed helicopters act like this and the light was much larger than a typical search light, not to mention the spinning motion would not lend itself well to searching. The light rotated around the equator, if this had been spherical. It was more like around a doughnut at a slight enough angle that I could see the light come around the back top left corner. In the doughnut analogy you would not see the center hole from my vantage point.

I later went to Yahoo to look at the headlines were the first thing I see is the Moscow Halo Cloud. I told my other co-worker that that was exactly what I saw. We played the You Tube video but this one didn't have the rotating light. 

I am pretty picky in what I term a UFO. A group of friends and I saw a full blown ship while in high school about 14 years back (Shreve, Ohio summer of 95~). We were in a cornfield and saw what looked like a spot light from a helicopter but with no sound, coming from over a barn. The next thing I knew the craft was directly above us. It must have only been a few hundred feet from the ground. Made no noise. All we could do is stare up at it. The ship took up the entire sky. It looked to be flat gray in color but glowing an indigo blueish color. The ship was circular and in the middle had a large ring that was emitting a white light. There were smaller lights positioned around the large light in the middle. I noticed no markings on the craft. We were frozen. Then, in an instant, it was gone. For several years afterward I could not talk about the experience without getting chills and my eyes watering.

I know I'm mixing accounts but I consider pretty much anything less than that logically explainable. What makes me tell you about this most recent one is the similarity of it to the Moscow Halo Cloud. It is being dismissed as meteorological but this is so close to the same thing to be coincidence. If these are the same thing, I don't want the story to die due to lack of accounts and the typical "weather phenomenon" explanation. 

Another coincidence that happened a few nights back, Sunday morning the 11th of October 2009 around 3-4am, Wooster, OH, I was listening to Coast to Coast AM outside looking at the stars. I saw a bright blue flash come from the front side of my house (I was in the back yard) that lit up the whole sky. Immediately after, the power in my house went out and then came right back. There were no clouds and did not seem to be lightning. It was around 38 degrees F that night. I didn't see anything other than that but these latest things seem to be coincidental. 

I am sorry if I wrote a book but I have wanted to relay my experiences to MUFON for some time now and there is something about this latest sighting that made me want to tell you.

Thanks.
