{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477901","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82244","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/901/mufon-5477901.json","updb_database_id":5477901}
{rjl} ball of light in the sky made the ground around me glow, fastest departure ever seen

Was hiking/camping in the mountains of southern Utah near the small town of Loa. Unless it was raining I slept underneath the stars. One night while lying on my back looking up at the dusk sky I saw what I thought at first was a satellite. It was the size and shape of a star it moved slowly and steadily across the sky. then I noticed another satellite just like it heading straight towards the first one. It was as if these two satellites were playing chicken. The first satellite then stopped on a dime when they were at an apparent distance of 1 inch from each other and then, after hovering for a moment, it moved south east compared to where it was moving which was West or left across the sky. The other satellite continue to move right across the sky with the same speed it had since I first spotted it. I didn't know what to make of this. I couldn't explain it but it was very far away and I was tired so I didn't think about it. I can't remember if it was later that night or the next night but I woke up in the natural way people do to move and lie back down in a more comfortable position. I laid back down on my left side that is when I saw that the ground around me was glowing. The rocks ,the grass, and nearby trees were all emitting light somehow. It was like nothing I've ever seen before sense and in that moment the world seem to stop. The closest thing to it would be like someone shining a spotlight on the ground except there were no shadows and there was no glare. the ground itself was illuminated. Then I looked up and saw it. A bright ball of light in the sky above me. As though it knew I had spotted it it immediately shrink back down to the size of a star. (Or zoomed away I can't tell which) and then traveled left just like one of those satellites at a steady pace until it passed beyond the horizon. The strangest part of this experience was how calm I felt after seeing this I felt pleasant and optimistic at the fact that I know for sure UFOs are a real phenomenon and I went back to sleep and didn't even think about it until three weeks later.
