{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495901","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63518","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/901/mufon-5495901.json","updb_database_id":5495901}
{rjl} ISS Observation on Space Stations Trailing HD Cam

This was an observation I made last night at approximately 2am (EST) using the ISS App on my cellphone.

I have the App loaded because it is interesting and I use a device called Chromecast to put live camera feeds from around the world and the ISS on our flat-screen television to help entertain my elderly mother.

Last night, as I was going to bed, I just happened to want to see what the ISS HD cam was showing. And, to my great surprise, I saw UFO's of some sort-- quite a few in fact!

Let me add that I just sent an e-mail to Dr. Michael Salla of the Honolulu Exopolitics Examiner. This was because he was the only one I could find that seemed to be a point of contact to individuals that monitor the ISS cams (in that he has written about ISS UFO encounters).

I will now share with you, what I wrote to him:

Hello Doctor,

I just wanted to bring to your attention an ISS feed that I saw last night that, as far as I can tell, did not make the news on sites, like yours, that report such events. What I saw was an appearance of UFO's going beyond-- well beyond, in terms of number and visibility of craft, any ISS encounters that I have yet seen published.

The view is from the HD cam that looks back at where the station has overflown-- the trailing cam.

What you will see is a walnut-shaped, blurry craft maintaining a distance to the ISS where no details can be discerned. This is in the upper right quadrant of the film.

Emerging to the right and left of the center of the frame and level with each other are two, white glowing dots that within two minutes or so, close with the ISS to be seen as bright green, glowing cubes. Together and at the same rate and maintaining the same distance from each other, these two craft come somewhat closer to the ISS than the walnut-shaped craft-- but not close enough to discern details much beyond their shapes-- which were precisely the same by the way. There was, I think, a small bright and steady goldish light in the center of each green cube.

Meanwhile, five or more reddish-brown dots appear, scattered across the top third of the screen. One of these, near the upper right edge becomes a dim, distant, saucer-like oval that maintains its distance from the ISS.

When I oriented my cellphone to try to see the map display and find where the ISS was over Earth, the two, glowing green boxes had disappeared.

The reddish dots and the oval remained.

At this point the ISS cam went off-line and then switched to the forward-looking (bow) cam.

There were no unusual objects to be seen in the field of vision of the forward (bow) cam.

Since your organization seems to monitor these events, I thought you should know.

I hope this is helpful.

Mark

Now, let me add a few details that I didn't write to the doctor since I was then typing on my cellphone and that is quite tedious.

First, I think the oval, red disk did move left to right on screen. And, to describe its color more accurately, since it was sharply defined and not glowing, it was the color of dark red clay. Brownish.

Also, of the other reddish objects, I think two emerged as two tiny white lights.

And, as I recall the movement of the ISS: I believe it was moving into Earth's nighttime zone.

Lastly, my viewing might have started before two am by around fifteen minutes or so since I can't recall if I looked at the time on my cellphone or using a clock that runs slowly in my bedroom. I was so surprised at what I was viewing, I was not paying as much attention as I should have been.

This covers what I saw. I am hoping that, like Dr.Salla, MUFON has individuals recording the HD camera feed from the ISS. With luck, you folks at MUFON can find and view what I saw. This is why I am checking 'Other' in the 'Additional Evidence' section of this form.

I hope this submission is helpful.
