{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-03-15 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502573","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":17337,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/573/mufon-5502573.json","updb_database_id":5502573}
Voodoo dolls & aliens, ufo's, voices, witchcraft, weird voices & occurences, weird statements by woman doing witchcraft, weird tv show

We were over there at their house and a weird tv show was on from where they were from. She said she wanted to go to Tijuana, Mexico or something. A woman from where they were from was on tv news- they kept reporting she had been to Tijuana, MX and drank the water and was sick from it. It said she was in the hospital last on there. It may have been news from where they were from because they have a big satellite. We heard voices- saying bad things and we got realy scared. It was when she was in the closet with the voodoo dolls putting pins in the one dressed like me. She lied and said she had to go in there to get a catalog- which is true, but she also had the doll. Two times we heard real bad voices and the first time it was more then 2nd time less. It quit shortly before she came out with the catalog. She had been lieing and went in there to get to te dolls, too and was being fake. She didn't like us. So we saw the book and saw a few expensive items we wished we could order. We got some cheapey on sale stuff from the Avon catalog. A voice was saying- the woman on tv who had drank the water- they were going to make her die from that. They said something or other and we don't recall all of it. We went to a resale shop who buys auctions from estate sales from that state and others around. There was some avon stuff- the stuff we wanted and a diary. It was the type stationery them ppl liked and we got the pile of stuff. Before we went there we heard voices telling us 2 times again- one time longer and the next time shorter -that we'd find them items at a resale shop. Then we went and found that and had forgotten about that avon book years ago. It was an avon easter candle - glass shaped like an easter egg with a scented candle in it, 2 tulip pink soaps for easter- the 2 from the catalog. The diary only said one entry or two in it. It was from the same time- the date was on there. We don't' have it now. It said something like- been to tijuana- not feeling so well, feeling sick. Two short entries in there like that. She didn't seem to know anything about you can't drink the water there. then it stopped which was scary like the voices. Did she just quit writing in it or did the voices kill her like they said they would? We have a photo of some other avon soaps we had got more recently and we had put them in an easter egg glass soap jar. It was just that we were kinda into faberge' egg stuff and collected that stuff for a while. Also, voices we heard got some people to go eat fish cought out of bad water. The weird voices and it sounds similar. Two of the people were mexican descent. That was more recent and it seems it could be related to her because it's alike. She seemed to muse and lie more on how she had always wanted to go to Tijuana, MX- just over the border from California. She was in the far side of the kitchen seems like when she said that- putting a dishtowel from one counter to the other across from there or something. The voices were when she was in the closet- and quit at the same time that it'd took her to walk from there to the hall with the catalog. So that's how we knew it's the voodoo dolls. We have heard similar voices like this and it goes in 2's- one longer time duration of voices and then the 2nd one repeating that for a shorter time. We have heard a lot of weird voices and weird things occurring and it seems to relate back to there. It's weird and sick and black magic- meant to do harm. The voices were so scary to us at the time, threatening to kill the woman on the tv news reports that kept airing over and over on tv. It said weird things and don't recall what- it said- that we'd find her belongings at a resale shop and they were going to make her die from drinking the bad water in Tijuana. The things were sold in that same Avon book. We had a diary -her diary- it had a picture of a kid at the beach with a pail and shovel digging in the sane and all. It was pink and blue and lavender. She got it in Mexico it said as a souvenir. 2 entries or 3 only and the rest of the book was blank.
We saw ufo's around there or heard of them- saw her peeking out the kitchen window at midnight once. Her kid saw her doing that, too. There was an alien there that night when we were at her house spending the night. A sinister alien voice told us to get up at midnight and go out on the back porch. That's where the ufo would've been up there. We didn't go to the back door and go out though. she was peeking up out it a few times then said we'd got up at night and got lost in her house. The next morning she sent us home saying she had 2 kids to cook breakfast for and doesn't need to add to it. You can have breakfast at your own home she said. People didn't understand our folks wish to have spend the night events when everyone lived on the same block. That is for out of town visitors and they told them that there is no need for that. You can sleep at your own house. They were over in the middle of the night to see if we were doing okay on our first night away from home.They were making a big huge deal out of it all day long and everything. There's a photo from that day and it shows where the alien was at our house and the cat and kittens. It helps us remember seems like. She couldn't believe she came over in the middle of the night to see if we were having a nervous breakdown over being away from home overnight. We didn't care. It is obvious they didn't want us there at their house because they made such a big deal of us going out for one night. If they did want us there they'd not have been on such a guilt trip over it. When we were 18 they did tell us to get out of their house so it matches -it's true. We were adopted and not related and they say families have to be blood relatives or it's not a family. Anyways, that woman killed many cats / kittens doing witchcraft spells. They figured she had drowned them in the bathrub and dried it and cleaned up the mess before anyone got home. They probably had no idea that she did it doing spells. she had a book of spells - it may be a small book in her dresser and voodoo dolls. We noticed the paper on the roof in here had a heart on it. That heart was right where the spy camera seemed to be hid from the apartment over ours down here. We did it partly to be cute and noone cares of our decor anyways, save the neat paper, also. Also, the dark color helps block spy cameras up there maybe. Many things seem similar to her spells and voodoo dolls we noticed. She must do a spell then try to worsen it or something. Doing spells- maybe she did one to harm us- but not make it look like she did it. Try to do some trick and make it seem like someone else by getting someone else to harm us so they seem out of the loop. So it doesn't trace back to them. The crop circles are similar to some witchcraft circles such as a pentagram drawn on the ground. Aliens seem to call people to them and be asking if they can do black magic for someone. We saw them turn into dogs - she did spells and it worked she said. She must've had dogs to go mess on the grass- it was maybe an alien dog or a possessed or alien influenced dog or a dog appearing as an alien. aliens like to possess people though. sometimes we'd see dogs on teh corner - they'd say- what is that dog looking at down the street. Where do all these dogs come from. Why do they always mess on our lawn. Once the gate opened and closed by itself they saw it- more than once actually. We saw it more than them probably. It let a dog in and out, but there's no dog at that house and noone's ever seen anyone out at that house. Also, noone was there to open and shut the gate- if they were inside how'd it shut from outside? It was weird- it seemed to move thru space deliberately as if they're usually used to being invisible and flitting here and there. Just appearing then disappearing all over the place. It swung open and shut - strongly and not realy normally. It was hard and even and otherworldly- it didn't shake or anything. It moved by itself- noone was there to do it. Why would she do that? She said she did 3 spells and they worked. One may have been some kind of romantic gift love spell on her husband. Seems like he got her some gift/s around that time and he was acting goofy. They were doing yard work and I sat there and watched mezmerized by the wheel barrow. Down the street they were also doing yard work. He said those kids never have to do nothing and he told them to help. They were raking grass and doing yardwork, also. The baby was told to get back to work over and over. She kept asking for water and he'd say get back to work- those kids never have to do anything down there! Finally her voice was hardly there and dry throat and she said water begging and had a heat stroke. They said she was fine- they rushed the baby to the emergency room in the car. After that it was time to mow the grass and the kid would always say- i'll help with yard work, but can we have water. And they'd say yes you can have water. She must've been in about kindergarten or 1st grade then- that's awful small. He was acting like a drill sergeant. I was mezmerized by the wheel barrow watching them and they went in one day and we did our dream. We tried to pick it up and haul it to the back yard. They filled one up once and told us to go do it- they went inside. Of course we tipped it over and the dirt went on the grass. It was real big and heavy and all full of dirt. They said it's an awful big wheel barrow for a little kid. They said we were sitting there watching them with that. Sure, it was fun seemed like. But of course little kids can't have a big heavy thing like that of dirt and put it in the backyard. We were in 1st or 2nd grade maybe. She was one year behind us. She was probably in kindergarten or something. It's hard to place all that- it was she was in the 1st grade and we were in 2nd grade seems like. We had the grr animals clothes on so that's how it can kinda help remember. Whenever brownies was anyways. 
Here's a weird photo online and there's another one, too. It's our candles and the hell's angels mafia organization in russia seems to have put it on the website on there. Internet's not what people think- it has always meant murderers for hire actually. There's also a flower photo on it from there. That's weird. It has our vase, rocks and it's a flower. The one photo we didn't keep it, but it's our cobalt blue cereal bowl- anchor hocking glass from wally world and they have candles in it. There it showed guest soaps on the site somewhere, too. And the website is the mafia and it's a top rated site and they are on it in Russian internet. We mentioned fashion stuff in here- house is bugged by the gang. Hells Angel's is a gang and bugging houses is considered organized crime. We were doing something on fashion and said what about african fashion it seems like. And then we go online 1 or 2 years later and there is african fashion show on that website. That's about the only fashion site we'd have gone on online from the russian website. And we said that and there it is. Guest soaps are decorative and we saw some we liked and saved pics on the computer from the site. It's kinda weird though maybe. There's the flowers - we bought pink photo background paper like that or similar and there it is in a photo of roses. Avon pink rose guest soaps is what we bought. We had stored that Avon stuff in the shed, but someone threw it in the trash. Actually- they threw everything we had stored away that was in boxes and then when we said to store that avon stuff they just threw it in the trashcan. We don't throw much away. Sometimes, yes, but it's wasteful to throw things away like that. It should be at least donated somewhere. The yellow flower thing is a primrose dried flower that was bought across the street from her house. It was made by an alien who told us a man gave it to her. The MIB was appearing as a female there and was selling romantic gifts, gambling and bar items. Got us over and acted funny almost like romantic- they wanted us there. It's kinda hard to believe though. Perhaps they like to invite girls over and give gifts and show they can impress girls like that. They're suave. Lots of guys do things like that. Geralso said he was the worst womanizer. He used his fame to impress women and he lied to them and met many women and all. The other girl got a small jewelry box there. The flower box we dropped it or knocked it apart at least a few times, but it hasn't broken the primrose flower totally. It's got a round middle and 5 large round petals that look like wax paper kinda and the other flowes in there all same color - dried flower color. Glass is on top, it's not glue together, but the wood pieces fit together. The MIB's there used to put on our radio- Do you want me to lead you down the long and winding primrose path? all the time. I figured it's on ours only because noone else has ever heard of that saying. They heard of primrose path, but not long and winding primrose path. That's meaning like spells- they're under a spell- a story that casts a spell over them and lies to them and leads them down a primrose path. We did see long and winding primrose curtains at the aliens house near there. That's Ishtar's n' nem's house. Her name's synonymous with witchcraft and they live there. It's odd because the woman with the voodoo dolls and book of spells always sayse she hates witches and witchcraft. She made fun of our clothes - a black t-shirts and belt... saying is she a witch. she'd go buy her kid expensive church dresses then. She had a lot of those dresses and didn't wear them to school. She was the in crowd and designer jeans were in. We never had a fancy dress like that. they cost more- a long skirt and blouse. All the girls in the one class had dresses like that, but we didn't. Anyways, we never had clothes - our folks bought us cheap stuff. We were adopted and the clothes were realy bad that we had. Actually our clothes were horrible. Did she do that, too? We had some real weird stuff. She made doll clothes copying our clothes! Actually, some aliens were making clohtes and we got into fashion tv shows on the weekend on the Lifetime channel. We became annorexic from those shows that actually teach teenagers to become annorexic. An alien even told us he had annorexia, too once. We wondered if it wasn't something weird going on- we wished to be like on the show maybe. Maybe spells can lead to more and more bad spells. When Lennon was shot we heard voices and the man who shot him did, too. She must've hated him. She hated hard rock saying it was witchcraft. We surely went over dressed in our hippie styled clothes around then. We heard 2 voices sayign to shoot john lennon and then on the radio he had been shot it said. Just a real fast news report- John Lennon has been shot in Dallas, Texas minutes before. It had been called into a radio station and just relayed around to stations on news or something. She surely made doll clothes like that. She had voodoo doll clothes out by their back porch door one time like our clothes and she wasn't in tehre when we went in. She came out with the clothes and was holding them and said- she had to sew some new clothes. So we'd had the new tie-dye t-shirt on and stuff probably that time. Also, at the craft store where she got material to sew clothes for voodoo dolls- we saw small cheap craft items. We bought one that was already made for a lot of money like $8 - we said no don't get it. Our disownee people would go out and they think you just want something. So if you said- oh that's cute, then they buy it. They think you are hinting at things you want them to buy. Like you seem to know they don't want to buy it, but you hint or something. That was a garage sale. It was a doll you make, too though. They came in different colors. Real cheap kits - poodle yarn, real cheap thing- beads, sequins, you sew a dog pillow for it. Kinda crochet it- they had poodles. It's just kinda odd it's like a little doll and she does that there.
