{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484573","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/573/mufon-5484573.json","updb_database_id":5484573}
{cak} Bright and colorful orbs, and other shapes seen attached to model rocket components at altitude and on the ground.

1. On March 8, 2015, our family went to the outskirts of Murrietta, CA, to launch amateur rockets.

2. Upon reviewing the videos, I first noticed the rockets were being intimately contacted by several objects of at least three morphological characteristics. During this review, I did not notice the moving flashing objects that were near the ground yet. That would happen months after the first review, when I was carefully examining each frame of the videos. The objects are extremely fast, as we didn't notice them during the launches.

3. I was excited to see such a daytime event of such starkness. That they would attach to each rocket component; parachute, nosecone, and body, was rather curious and unsettling. Months later, I got the second jolt, when realizing I'd missed an additional bright display at and slightly above ground level along a treeline about 100 yards away. 

4. a. The objects in contact with the rockets varied in shape: The rocket body was surrounded by elongated, grey objects, the nosecone had a round, bright disc (or sphere) with a dark spot in the middle. A deep red orb covered the parachute. 

Shapes varied for the first reviewed objects. As for the later discovered objects(2nd review): They were spheres. That is, no matter where they were, they were spherical and when metallic blue grey they played light as a sphere does. They were moving east-to-west-to-east in front of a stand of trees and other vegetation. One orb moved westward and parked on a small bluff for the duration of the event, while the others appeared confused about position. Some faded to a grey scale and bluish buff metallic grey or orange. Others, including the object on the bluff, turned bright orange. 

Based on the height of a survey flag on a 3-foot stake standing perpendicular about 100 ft away to the south, I could estimate orb size: They were close to two feet in diameter. That is, two of the orbs positioned themselves at the stake(!), increasing in diameter according to the shrinking distance from the camera. Additionally, I later noticed 8 dark grey objects in the sky, slightly westward of the launch pads. They appear static (round) as opposed to blurred streaks of grey I'm so accustomed to seeing in the clouds.

5. Astonished I was at the sight of bright, mobile orbs and their obvious curiosity, along with some disappointment that I'd missed them both at the site and during the first review. They simply travel too fast. I showed Field Investigator Terry Ray the initial sky imagery on my monitor, with objects and rocket components during his visit on Sept. 25, 2015.

6. Given that the discoveries were made later, we packed up the rockets and left for home, none the wiser. Yet.

Note: I did not witness anything in the above time frame other than rocket launches. I discovered-after-reviewing the videos at a later time at home.
