{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-28 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286573","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/573/mufon-5286573.json","updb_database_id":5286573}
My son and I saw bright white flashes in the sky on a clear winter evening.

I was outside with my 18 month old grandson tucked into my coat and I was just talking to him and showing him the rising full moon. As we were looking ENE I saw a bright white flash from the corner of my eye. I turned in the direction of the flash (ESE) and continued to scan the sky, assuming I would see an airplane. About a minute or 2 after turning, I see another flash that appeared to be in the heavens. It wasn’t close to me at all. I ran into the house and told my son to come outside. As we are standing outside scanning the sky (about 3-4 minutes after the 2nd flash) and I am telling him about the flashes and their location, another bright white flash happens nearly directly up from us. My son said, “Did you see that? Is that what you are talking about?” I only caught that flash from the corner of me eye as I was looking more southerly. I told him that was the flash, and about 30 seconds later we both saw another bright flash just west of the one right above us. We watched the sky for a few more minutes. My grandson was getting cold, and I started to take him in the house, when I caught another flash from the corner of my eye. My son was looking right in the direction of the flash, and it was just a little west of the previous one. A few seconds later there was another flash in about the same area as the previous one, and my son saw a small streak of light as if something was zooming away. I took my grandson in, and went back outside with my son. We searched the skies for about another 10 minutes, but didn’t see any more flashes.
These were not airplane lights, or lights from any craft that I could see or hear. The flashes were bright, but didn’t light up the sky like lightning would. They were focused to a specific area. It was like I was seeing flash bulbs going off, but not illuminating anything around me.
