{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-09 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495573","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63861","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5032,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/573/mufon-5495573.json","updb_database_id":5495573}
{nd} 3 spheres appeared E to W; formed one object glowed white yellow orange; vanished. 3 spheres reappeared in line SW to NE; formed right trangle; bright white.

March 09, 2015 
Approximately 11:30 p.m. - 11:45 p.m.

John and I were sitting on the back porch having a cigarette. All outside lights were off and both dogs were inside. I was sitting in the chair to the right of the back door [east] looking up past the grapefruit tree in our yard at the stars [north]. John was crouched down sitting with his back to the door facing the grapefruit tree as well but his attention was east towards the sky. He said something about three balloons flying through the air and I thought he was looking in the direction I was, he wasn't, I didn't see them. John stood up and stepped down off the porch following what he saw; it was at this point that I noticed what he was talking about. As soon as I stepped off the porch [facing north] I noticed a single globe type object moving directly over my head to the west. It was round, but not perfectly. It was a semi-opaque light which looked as if it had been illuminated from the inside; white outer with a yellow and orange inside color. The light cast a dim ring of illumination that surrounded the semi-opaque object. John told me to look around in the sky while he kept an eye on it. I quickly scanned in all directions and looked back to the object. It moved quickly but not fast, steadily, straight west. It traveled directly between 9th and 10th street, through our backyard. It was fairly close to us, it seemed closer than the helicopters that typically fly in our neighborhood at night. We continued watching it until it seemingly vanished while slowly ascending. There were no trees blocking our view in this direction.

We were stunned. We spent a good bit of time trying to figure out what it was. I was frightened, I refused to let go of john as we were walking around our yard staring into the sky. John went inside briefly to check on muffins we had put into the oven right before we went out for a cigarette. After he returned, we continued to stare into the sky discussing what we thought it was for about 5 minutes. 

I walked to the west in our back yard, in the direction we saw it disappear. I was looking in the sky, it was clear, no clouds. I could see Betelgeuse to the south west as well as Sirius and Jupiter. Out of nowhere from the south I saw a string of three lights floating across the sky right in front of me heading north. They were higher than the first object we saw. I yelled out to John and he came rushing over my way and we were yelling about the three lights and how fast they were moving and what we were really seeing. The lights changed formation, into what I can only describe as a right triangle if you were to draw lines between the lights. The three lights continued to move very steadily in this formation, quicker than the first object, over the trees in the backyard to the north/north east. These lights were perfectly circular; they were illuminated just as the stars in the sky were. They were not as big as Jupiter appeared but not as small as Sirius either. As we were watching the lights move, John yelled to me to go inside and get his phone, I was in and out in 2 seconds, enough time to continue watching the lights move over the trees in my neighborhood to the north/northeast until I couldn't see them anymore. I could hear John messing around and talking to his phone, I wasn't paying a lot of attention to him after I handed him the phone. At this point I was almost to the front gate line of my side yard as I was trying to get a better glimpse of the lights moving through the neighborhood trees after it moved over our backyard. We watched it until it was barely out of sight when I ran in and grabbed the binoculars to try and catch a better view before they moved out of sight. I lost them over the trees and lost a couple binocular lens caps in my yard in the process.

John went back in quickly to check on the muffins and came back outside. I asked for his phone and called my mom. She didn't pick up but I left her a voice mail which is time stamped at 11:45 p.m. We stayed outside for about 10 more minutes, saw a couple of airplanes flying through, and shared a cigarette just talking and trying to process what we saw.
