{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-07-03 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549573","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3100","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2255,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/573/mufon-5549573.json","updb_database_id":5549573}
Saw White Line rotating and slowly dissappeared

I went outside my friends house through a glass door onto his back patio to havea cigarete. I sat down in a chair and lit up... as i lit up i looked up into thesky. I just noticed it because it looked like it was out of place... like itdidn't belong. at first i just thought it was some sort of stick caught on aspider web... i was thinking that maybe a spider made a web line across thistree to the building... but i realized the object was much higher up than thistree.... id say the tree was only about 20-30 feet high. So i was looking at theobject and tried to look closer... It looked like it was either rotating oremitting some kind of waves to make the illusion it was spinning. So i decidedto call my friend out to come look at this... he had no idea what it was either.We were just curious. So we were both out there when we called for his olderbrother to come out... He just blamed it on the government and went back insideafter getting a glance at it. This vertical line in the sky kind of seemed to begetting smaller as time passed... the object stayed in the exact same place. Thesky was pretty blue just a few cloud formations here and there. Then we bothnoticed a cloud passed the object. the object was obviously much higher than thecloud... but the whiteness of this object was so intense you could still clearlysee it through the clouds.. eventually the cloud moved and dissappeared andthats when the object started turning into a dot. the dot sat there and anothercloud formation moved below it... the dot was still visible... then gray cloudscame in and as soon as the gray clouds passed it... it was gone.
