{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-03-12 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491981","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67574","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3713,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/981/mufon-5491981.json","updb_database_id":5491981}
{jpg} Bright light, TV disruption, nausea, waking up in strange places, amnesia, sickness

I've never talked about this before, but always just chalked it up to something psychological that I don't understand. I figured that I should report it though, in case it is ever useful to future researchers.

I was very young, between ten and twelve years old, and I had fallen asleep on the couch in the living room. I do not remember the exact sequence of events, but the following occured:

- The TV went to static and woke me from the couch, so I turned it off
- The TV was off, but turned itself on and went to loud static
- There was a bright light in the backyard visible in the living room
- I woke up sprawled out on the stairs between the main floor and the second floor with no idea how I got there, I made a lot of noise - talking and maybe even shouting (I don't remember exactly, just the impression I have now) and then lost consciousness
- I woke up in my bed with no idea how I got there, and then lost consciousness

This series of events ended when I came to consciousness sitting on the toilet in the bathroom on the second floor. I had no idea how I got there, and had total amnesia.

This was very strange, because I had memories of coming from a totally different place, on a table, in a cavern, surrounded by strange beings, who told me that I had a different name than the one I was born with. After they released me, I returned to my body, then slid into it from the right with no memory of who the body was, or where it was.

Then I picked up on the Earth, I knew I was on Earth, so I repeated that to myself "I am on Earth". Then I got the country "I am on Earth in the United States", then I got a State, city, street name, street address, first name, last name, and then recovered my full memory.

I felt very ill. As if I had been placed in an oven and my insides cooked. My guts and intestines felt hot to me.

The next morning, I showed no signs of illness, and went to school. 

It was a very surreal experience, and I was shaken from it for several months. There was nobody that I could tell though, so I just figured that it was a weird dream.

It is also interesting to note that I must have moved around a lot during the night, but nobody ever woke up.

It is also worth noting that this happened one other time, but without the amnesia. A couple of months later, I was in the cavern, on the table, surrounded by strange creatures, and then I went back into my body, which was laying in bed. It was the middle of the night. After I woke up, I felt very ill, again, as if my insides were heated up. 

Immediately after rising from bed I observed a transparent spider crawl across my desk, which I knew wasn't real. I didn't know what I was seeing. About five seconds later a real spider that looked exactly like the transparent spider crawled along the exact same path, with the exact same movements as the unreal transparent spider. I threw an object at it, and struck it, or at least struck very near to it. I couldn't find its body, so I assume that it ran away.
