{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469981","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3595,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/981/mufon-5469981.json","updb_database_id":5469981}
{td}looking at full moon, orb floated + changed colors high in the sky

I was standing at the kitchen sink approx. 10pm on 3-2-2018, looking out the window at the full moon shining bright. To look at the moon better I turned the kitchen light out and what looked to be a smaller white moon was below the actual moon,it was just through the tree top in the distance. At first I thought it was the moon reflecting off the window, so I ask my husband to come look at the moon and asked him if he saw the orb. He laughed and said it is just a reflection on the window, but I was skeptical. So I went and got my phone (Samsung galaxy 5) to take a picture. I took a couple with the flash through the window, to atleast get a pic of the beautiful moon. The orb moved around back and forth in a slow circular movement, and changed from white to red at times. Two of the pictures you can not see my tree and it was right there about 15ft away, the pictures have some weird white dots that look almost like I was looking at the moon while I was in space. the orb is captured in almost all of 18 pictures that I took. Thinking that I would try to get a good picture of the moon, I went to the back of the house, behind the garage, outside so there wouldn't be any light interference. As I was taking (flash off) pictures of the moon, through my phone I could see a white orb, that would change to red, white, red. Then I went back inside to look at my pics, they were quite strange. The ones that look like their from space, I zoomed out to see what was on them. I saw what I thought looked like a ship of some sort and alot of smaller white dots, when you look closer, to me I see faces in the white spots and a white ship at the left of the moon. The picture shows some brighter white specks, in one section it looks to me like I am looking through space at a space civilization. It may be nothing but it may be something because I have never seen anything like this before. So I thought I would write you and send the pics to see what your experts think. The whole time I was taking the pics, it was calm outside with no sound and everything felt normal. The orb didn't make any sound, like I was watching from afar. In a couple of the pics the orb looks to have a aura around it.
