{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-19 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488981","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/981/mufon-5488981.json","updb_database_id":5488981}
{rjl} Pulsating, Diamond Shaped UFO

Edited for YouTube: [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

In the early morning hours of September 19th, 2015 - at approximately 3:15 am EST, I laid down in my bed to try to go to sleep. Through the slits in the mini-blinds that cover one of my bedroom windows, I could see what appeared to be an exceptionally bright star in the sky. I watched it for a few minutes and noticed that it looked like it was moving around, so I got up and opened my blinds so I could get a better look. 

The object was very high in the eastern sky, about 4-5 palm widths above my neighbor's house across the street. Looking at the object through my window, I easily ruled out that it was a star or an airplane. I knew it couldn't be a satellite because of how it was moving around. The only other thing I could think of was that it might be a helicopter. But given its distance away and height in the sky, I didn't see how that was possible.

Knowing that I was witnessing something strange, I ran downstairs, grabbed my video camera and went out to my driveway to film the object. 

I watched it for over 1/2 an hour. I'm certain that is not a helicopter. To the naked eye, it appeared to be a cluster of very bright orbs similar to this picture of the kabbalah tree of life. It was slightly different though, because the white orbs in the middle were further apart that what is shown in this sketch. On the outside of the orbs there were red and indigo colored lights. I say indigo because the color sometimes looked blue and other times looked purple to me. These additional lights along the sides gave the object a bit of a saucer shape.

The red and indigo lights pulsated. The object appeared to swell each time the lights pulsated. You will see in the video how this pulsing would cause my camera lens to try to refocus with each pulse.

Over the 30 minutes, the object slowly glided in different directions, up down side to side - but remained in the same general area of the sky. I filmed the object for about 15 minutes.

-----------

In the morning, I gathered my family and showed them the video. We tried to think of any possible explanation for what I saw. It wasn't a plane or a helicopter. It wasn't a star. The only possible explanation was that it was a satellite. We did some research and found that satellites do not have blinking lights on them... none of them - except for the International Space Station, the ISS. But I put in our location into the ISS finder on the internet and the results indicate that the ISS is not visible from our location from Sept 16th to Sept 22nd. And even if it was, it is only visible for a few minutes - far less than the time I viewed the object.

Not only that, but I found that only the day before, the British news site, called the Mirror, ran a report from a man in England who had just filmed what appears to be the same object at 445am. You can compare his video to mine.
