{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-01-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494981","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5187,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/981/mufon-5494981.json","updb_database_id":5494981}
{nd} I witnessed an alien being hover six inches above ground and then it ascended into a tree top.

I worked a twelve hour shift at a plastic manufacturing company. It was winter...........around January is my guess. I often stopped at my girlfriends house when I got off work at seven pm and then I would drive home, so I figure I got home around 8:45 ish. 

I lived with my cousin and his wife. The house faced a four laned street and it had a horseshoe drive way. Meaning that the driveway went all the way around the house and there were two ways of getting in and out of the yard. I pulled into the driveway and drove around to the back of the house and backed my car into the grass. This meant that I was parked facing the back of the house and I could see across the street. I noticed an object but I didn't pay much mind to it, figuring that I'd identify it when I got out of the car. I grabbed my lunch box and exited the vehicle. I looked at this object and waited for my brain to interpret and process what my eyes were seeing but my brain never did. I took a few steps away from my car and I stopped. By now I am probably about thirty feet from the object. I looked and I remember I kept whispering, "What IS that?" to myself over and over. I was both afraid, and intrigued. I was completely focused on the object at this point. 

It hovered about six inches from the ground and was about three feet tall. It was egg-shaped (like a blob) and appeared to be organic in nature.............I didn't get that it was a vessel of any kind. It's "skin" (for lack of a better term) seemed to move.........or travel around it's body. It had hundreds of pores........and the pores gave off light reminiscent of lightening bugs.........but lightening bugs are greenish in color.........the color of the lights on this was closer to copper. The lights/pores moved around the entirety of the object in a fluidic.........organic.....and as far as I could tell, random fashion. The motion of the lights/pores was not aggressive........it was graceful.........but it was completely dynamic: Every light/pore seemed to be apt to travel to any and every part of it's body in time. It just hovered there...........it maintained it's basic egg/oval shape but it kept changing a little from top to bottom with the same randomness as the lights.  

I stood there stunned.......still whispering, "What IS that?" I was afraid but again, I was also intrigued and so I began to walk toward the street closer to it and as if noticing me it began to float up. It floated up at the approximate speed of a balloon filled with helium. It went up about fifteen feet and then went to the right and then ascending farther up and back over the house across the street and ended up about thirty feet high or so. It was within the silhouette of a tree........as if it were trying to get to cover. There were no leaves on the tree and of course, it had all of these little lights shining through it's pores so it could still be seen. 

I was completely amazed. My cousins both worked the graveyard shift and they didn't wake up until around 9:30 pm or so, but I woke them up early. I apologized for waking them up but I told them that they had to come outside to see this thing. I pointed at it and asked them what they thought it was. They didn't know. I then went on to tell them what had happened. They weren't quite as amazed as I was but that thing clearly was not of this earth..........and if it was, then it wasn't anything even remotely close to any being I had ever heard of. 

It was cold out so I didn't stay out there long, but I could look out of my bedroom window and I could still see it in the same spot. I went to the window two or three times and it was still there. I went a final time a little after midnight before I went to sleep and it was still there. When I woke up the next morning, it was gone. This was 1988 and so there were no camera phones or any way to photograph it. To this day I regret that I didn't bundle up and stay out there with it. I regret that I didn't call the police and put it on record. I was tired, cold and sleepy and I didn't want anyone to think I was crazy.........so I went to bed. It was the most fascinating thing I'd ever seen and have ever seen since............and I went to bed. 

To this day, I have never heard an encounter even slightly similar to my own but I never really dug that deep into it. I would be beyond appreciative if you know of any stories similar to this. I'd like to know that I'm not the only one that witnessed this.
