{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-09 03:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285981","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/981/mufon-5285981.json","updb_database_id":5285981}
We just wanted to watch the stars on the night sky and we saw something else…

The nine of the July this year my boyfriend and I wanted to watch the stars at night, the weather was really nice and it would be a shame not to use it. We spread blankets and pillows on the terrace and lay down under the bright sky. I'm quite patient and careful about something that really interests me, so I watched the stars really closely, I almost didn't take my eyes off them. After a while, I noticed an interesting star, uhm, at least I thought it was a star for the first time. It was glowing and flickering, which didn't seem unusual to me, but then it began to move. Right and left, at first slowly and fluently, it just flew on the sky. I had, still have and will be having a weird feeling about it, and since I believe in UFOs, it was the first thing that came into my mind. For about 10 minutes I tried to convince myself that I should go to sleep, that my vision was blurred and it occurred to me that the object was moving because of sleepy eyes. My boyfriend didn’t notice the movement at first. We took the binoculars and at that moment we both saw the movement clearly. My observation took a long time, as I said, I can be patient and in this case my patience lasted about 10 hours until dawn and for some time after. I wanted to see more. Even before dawn, in the process, my boyfriend “gave up”, he knew that it wasn’t normal star, but he wasn't as fascinated by it as I was, so I watched the object by myself. It occurred to me that I could make a video of it to have proof of something supernatural, or proof that I was sleepy and delusional. So I took the binoculars, pressed it to my phone, turned on the camera, and zoomed to the maximum. This is how my photos and videos was taken. Nothing in the sky that evening was unusual, except for that object. I was almost obsessed with the observation. In the course of it, the speed of movement, including the direction of the object, was changing, accelerated, then slowed down again and so on until dawn. To tell you the truth, I have been, I am and I will be really shocked by it, I have always believed in UFOs, but seeing with my own eyes something, that could really prove their existence and have a record of it is an indescribable feeling. As I mentioned at the beginning, the weather was very nice at night, but shortly after dawn, when the object literally disappeared from the sky, a very strong wind began to blow, the sky began to dark and it was blowing for about an hour, then the sun shone and the summer weather was again nice. Whatever my boyfriend and I saw, it wasn't from this galaxy I guess. I'm so glad I filmed it, my feelings were really strong and that's why it's an unforgettable experience for me.
