{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-16 18:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521981","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34219","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5273,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/981/mufon-5521981.json","updb_database_id":5521981}
Incredibly bright, pulsating red and white lights in tandem

Driving north to Fond du Lac, WI, from Waupun, on US 151, roughly halfway between the two cities, closer to Lamartine. It was dark at 6:13 pm when I noticed to my left this incredibly bright, pulsating red light, followed a moment later by an equally bright white light. It was so stunning, I said to my daughter, sitting beside me, "What the heck is that?" I would estimate these lights to be a few miles away, probably 30 degrees off the horizon. My daughter said, "Maybe it's a plane," and we kept driving. 

These did not appear to be standard aircraft lighting, with a steady blinking or steady white or red lights, anti-collision type lights. I couldn't stop looking at them! The light would blink fast red, then fast white off to the red's left (my right), and then there would be a moment of blackness from the night. From what I know about aircraft, there are supposed to be steady "on" lights, which there was nothing of. No green light on the wingtip, for instance, and this object wasn't near enough an airport to be landing with those lights: If another pilot had seen them, he/she would have been blinded, I'm sure of it.

My initial thought was these lights were coming towards us, heading southeast, but as I watched them flashing, I thought maybe it's standing still. It didn't look like any lights I'd seen on aircraft before. "That's no plane," I said. The red lights would pulsate very fast...then a second later, the white, almost like they were communicating with each other. What was even more amazing was the size of this. At the distance I think we were seeing these lights, the distance between the red and white lights was very wide, wider than an aircraft wing would have been at that distance (about 3-4 miles, estimated). The red light appeared to be a little above the white, as if it were on top of the craft, and the white light off to the right of the craft, as on a wing (from my perspective). I'd estimate that they were a penny-width apart, when you hold your fingers out at arm's length. If it were two different aircraft, they were flying in perfect formation, but I got the feeling it was one craft and it was huge.

As we tried to make sense of the lights in the sky, the object appeared to change course and was now headed back the way it came: Not moving/banking like an ordinary aircraft but rather just reversing course and the bright, pulsing lights moved farther away.

I pulled over and we watched the lights for several moments on the side of the highway. I tried to get a picture of it but my cell phone didn't take a great photo of it. It was after my attempt to take a photo that the lights appeared to now move in a northeasterly direction, going just north of Fond du Lac, banking a little. We followed them until our vision was obscured by trees in Lamartine. The lights were approximately 3-5 miles away, I'm sure, but as bright as a camera flash. In fact, my daughter kept repeating, "They're taking pictures! They're taking pictures!" I don't know if they were or not, but that is the intensity of the lights, a camera flash, where it momentarily blinds the eye. I distinctly remember trying to see if the lights projected downward, like it was scanning the ground, but could see nothing like that. Even the red flashing light was intense. We had a clear, unobstructed view of these lights for several minutes before the trees obscured our view, but we did see them for a time afterward, until they faded from view. Entire sighting lasted from 6:13 pm until 6:19 pm. (Central Standard Time).

Estimated time watching these lights, about 6 minutes. The pulsating never varied, always the red for one second, then the white for a second, and these were exactly equal in time pulsing, then nothing, black. Then back again, and always the same very wide distance apart, a bit on an angle. At times we thought it was one craft, and other times we thought they could be two. It looked like the aircraft banked at one moment before we lost sight of it behind the trees. When we came to the other side of the stand of trees, the lights were very faint and far away. It seemed in no great hurry, and was headed in the direction of Oshkosh/Appleton, over Lake Winnebago.

We were not scared or concerned, just amazed at these pulsating lights. My daughter and I haven't spoken of it since.

If it was a very large aircraft, I would be happy to know it. As it is, I'm not sure what we saw but it was definitely something unusual. This is the third report I'm filing with MUFON in the past 2 1/2 years. We're seeing some interesting things in this area.
