{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530981","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/981/mufon-5530981.json","updb_database_id":5530981}
Flying Gremlin or a bug???

This image was captured with a Wildview EZ-Cam Digital scouting camera. The location is located approx. 20 kilometers North of Belleville On (Around the Roslin/Plainfield area near the Moira River). Unfortunately, when I set this up I forgot to program the time and date (the date & time with the picture is false). This camera is strapped to a tree facing a North East direction. Based on the lighting from the sun, I could approximate the time to be between 1 and 4 pm. I believe the date is early to mid June 2010. 

The camera takes images on a standard SD card. When I walked back through the woods to collect the SD card to take back home to check the pictures, I noticed that little ants had gotten into the casing and were probably throughout the entire interior of the instrument. I knew that ants were in the interior (the mechanical section) because I could clearly see a dead ant on the inside of the LCD display (NOT the camera lens, the lens was clean, and so was the flash). 

The black object in the sky picked up in SUNP3295 appears to be way to small to be an ant on the lens. It could be ant waste product, but why does it move? It was not raining, and if it were, the instrument is designed to keep out water (the ants entered through the smallest hole located on the bottom of the cam). 

What ever this object is, it appears fleshy and almost appears to have wings.

I kind of thought it looked like one of those flying monkeys from the wizzard of OZ. This isn't the first weird image I've got with this camera, but the other image wasn't in the sky.

I attached the image picked up before and after the UFO (SUNP3295). Notice the little black dots throughout the tree branches (birds?). The camera, when working properly, will take a 3 image burst (usually 3 secs apart), but a delay in time suggests the 3 image burst wasn't working. This happens when the batteries are low.
