{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-09-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493981","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65518","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2794,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/981/mufon-5493981.json","updb_database_id":5493981}
{cak} I have had a few and always been scared to say anything. From AZ to Wa to Ca. People following me it seems too

So since I lived in Wa state as a kid to moving to Tucson Az and now in San Diego, CA I have had many events. I don't really know what to say here. I am still a little afraid of what may happen since I seem to have seen the same 3-4 people everywhere I have lived. They do not seem to age either but I KNOW FOR SURE I have seen them before other places. It is actually pretty scary. I have also had events where I see a flash and it feels like time had stopped and pit me back into where I was, I just know it did but time always seems to be right. I even have dreams where I see ET's and they talk in a language I have never heard mostly sounds I have never heard yet I know what is being said.
I also see groups of numbers and dots in these dreams and I also know how to read them and they are ALWAYS what the ET is saying. Sometimes the dreams are the same one and once I swear I even say one after I woke up. I am a grown man and after that one I slept with my lights on for over a week. One event has been documented in Tucson and Phoenix in 1997 I think. I really do not remember what time of year but I think it was late summer. As with most of all I have seen I tried not to think about it too much but now I kinda want to know why I am seeing these things and especially am having these dreams. I have never told anyone about this other than my mother, wife and brother. well, my oldest daughter as well. I am 100% serious about every thing I have seen and am telling you and even willing to submit ant kind of testing to prove so. I am not crazy or have any medical issues, I have always just been a little afraid due to things I have heard happens if you report this stuff. Now though I would really like to find out why...Why did I see these? why do I have these dreams? Why does it seem like people who never age have followed me? Why does time flash and seem to stand still yet time is as it always was? I would love some answers. 
Thank you for your time. Oh ya ...in my dreams...The ET's tell "Earth time people" as they say as to what our future holds in time with them.
