{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-21 15:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283981","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119461","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4026,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/981/mufon-5283981.json","updb_database_id":5283981}
Dark, Sphere-like object crossed sky

I had flown my dad up to come and stay with me for a few days during June 2021. On this day, June 21st, it was a nice afternoon, so my dad and I took a break out of the day to go out to my front lawn and chat/hangout while I watered my plants (was doing it earlier than normal as we had plans to go out to Old Town Arvada for an early dinner). I have a little table with two chairs just outside of the front door that looks directly East, so my dad sat down while we talked. At some point during our conversation, he had told me to look up East (just above my neighbor's home directly across the street) as he saw something in the sky that most likely came from the south/southeast direction (guessing by the path it continued on). He said he just happened to have looked up and saw it. We watched it for a little bit to try and figure out what it was and if we could narrow it down to anything (bird, balloon, drone, plane, etc). We didn't hear any noise, and we didn't see any lights. Just about an hour to an hour and a half earlier, there was an active shooter in Old Town Arvada just down the road, so the thought came across that maybe it could have been a drone, but the no sound, no lights, and heading in the opposite direction put doubt in our minds as I had seen and heard drones fly around the sky in the same area before. We had also had a large blue helicopter flying a pattern near us throughout the day, which we had pulled up and were able to actively see on my FlightRadar app on my phone (which the helicopter was very, very loud and visibly low in the sky), so it helped to narrow that out for us. 

As I didn't see it first, I had asked my dad more about what he saw when looking at it. He said 'it was going against the wind (but also said that maybe the wind changes the higher up you go) but moved very fast and then not as fast at all. Silvery looking and round but not balloon.' He said that it would 'go forward, come back, and go upwards' and that he would guess it to be 2,000 - 3,000 feet in the air. By the time he had pointed it out to me, and I had located it in the sky, I had gone to grab my phone to try and capture it the best that I could (Google Pixel 2). It seemed on a steady-ish path when I had finally seen it and seemed to be silver but dark (it was overcast that day, so not sure if that played into color/reflective/etc) but it was also further away by that time. I don't recall it ever going into the clouds at any point in time, even as it went into the distance, but I lost vision of it not too long after spotting it in the sky. I ended up finishing up in the yard, and we went back inside. We didn't see it again after that point.
