{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-31 23:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281954","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121518","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5058,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/954/mufon-5281954.json","updb_database_id":5281954}
2 white cigars at high altitude, then cloud guy as described a few days ago then the two cigars again

Sighting number 11 (The fun continues). Three sightings in one with a co-witness.

I had just made a report a few days ago detailing the 10 sightings I have had over a 25 year span the night before this latest. During the afternoon this last Thursday I was wondering if I would ever see anything again. Wouldn't you just know it. I will continue to post them here as long as they continue and hope that somebody can cross-reference with whatever else you folks have on here and perhaps let me know if there has been any kind of resolution for any of them. 

..Thursday Mar 31, 2022. 11:24, 11:30 and 11:53pm. On McKenzie Road. Spotted first at about 45 degrees up from the south east.
Two white or light grey cigar shaped, no lights, no sound and no tails. 
Almost side by side, but one just behind and to one side. Traveling from the south-east to the north-west in an "edgeways" position. Flight path was basically over my head. Fast and at high altitude. Each were about a half inch at arms length.
and about a half inch of space between them. Sighting lasted about 5-6 seconds.
...I went inside to take note of the time and my phone read 11:24. I went back out to the back deck with my phone camera on and a few moments later, almost overhead to the north-east, I saw what I immediately recognized as some version of the previously mentioned "Cloud guy". (See my other report for details)
Not in any discernable shape. Not quite round or cigar, but still holding together as always. About a quarter at arms length. While I only saw it for a couple of seconds, it was obviously moving fast and steady roughly to the south west. 
I looked down to hit record on my phone camera and by the time , I had fiddled back to the right mode from hitting buttons in my excitement and looked for something to aim at, it was gone. 
Even if I had it in frame, it would probably be a black image. I think a better lensed camera would be required. He/she was heading from the north-east to the south-west. Seen for about two seconds before looking down at my phone, but long enough to know that it was time to hit record.
Noted the time as 11:30. Works as a clock at least. 
...I went downstairs and asked my daughter to come hang out on the deck with me, as I thought there could possibly be more and a co-witness is always a good thing. After sitting for a while chatting and looking up, we both saw what from my impression was two dim stars, or satellites of average brightness traveling roughly 
back in the opposite direction of the first two cigar types, but at a longitude just a bit further to the south.
By my retconning, they looked to be about 4 inches apart at arms length. I might have been convinced by someone that they were fast moving space junk if they hadn't begin to take a curve further towards the south after having been going in what looked to me as a straight north-west to south-easterly direction. This straight, then curved path was also noted by my co-witness.
They moved too fast to be satellites and too slow to be shooting stars. white (star-like) in color. No sound. No tails. After a short discussion, I looked at my phone again to document the time which read 11:55. We determined that about two minutes had passed, so would make it 11:53pm. Sighting lasted about 4 seconds. The next day, I got her to draw what she saw, as I was curious about why she was describing them as "lines". (Not the dim stars as was my perception. She drew what looked exactly like the two white cigar types that I had first seen and drew for my wife, but traveling end-to-end. Not edgeways as described above. She described them to me as being about 2 inches apart at arms length, so there's a slight difference in our perception there also. The one on the left was a bit brighter and other than noticing there was a pair, was my main focus in case I lost track of them. I would tend to trust her much younger eye-balls. She was also wearing her glasses at the time. Especially after she drew basically the same cigars that I had seen going the other direction a half hour prior.  Our sketches (Drawn separately) attached.
