{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-24 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529954","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5117,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/954/mufon-5529954.json","updb_database_id":5529954}
Oddly moving colored lights over Fort Collins, CO

[NOTE: This is a preliminary report. Supporting documentation will be sent in a follow-up or submitted directly to MUFON Headquarters]

At 1925 my wife was letting the dogs out our back door when she noticed some odd lights moving over the city of Fort Collins, CO. She called me to look at them and we walked, together, onto our deck.

To the NorthWest from our deck, there were two lights, one red and one green, both unblinking and not exactly the color of standard, approved airplane navigation light configuration. Let me be specific about this: These lights neither strobed nor rotated. There was also not the requisite strobing white anti-collision light required on an aircraft after sunset. 

This is significant because not only are all aircraft manufactured after March 11, 1996 be required to have strobing or rotating red and white beacons, but there was no white light/beacon on this object.

The shape of the object was indeterminate. At the time of this sighting, the sun had set and the backdrop against which the object was seen was black with moderate lighting from below. This made it impossible to determine the shape of the object and only the above-mentioned lights were visible. The appearance was of two lights attached to a similar object in fixed locations on that object. They did not appear to act as to separate entities.

The object moved from East to West and back again several times. Sometimes it appeared to move North and South, but always with the East-West or West-East movement. We could tell that the object moved from North to South (directly to- and away-from us) because the distance between the two lights would gradually increase or diminish with a corresponding change in the general brightness of the lights.

The object appeared to "swim" as it moved first showing one light and then the other and, at times, both lights. This is what drew our attention. The object moved with a continuously perpendicular Z axis (i.e., neither rolling nor yawing) and did not appear to significantly change altitude.

The motion was similar to a situation where two lights were mounted on opposite sides of a circular disk with a rod piercing through the center of the disk at a 90-degree angle to the central plane of the disk. Then, if one holds the disk by the center rod (forming the Z axis) at a fixed height and spun the rod 150 to 180 degrees in either direction slowly, maintaining height and only changing the yaw of the disk.

The object did not appear to either pitch or roll during the entire incident. The best way to describe it would be to say that it moved along a set altitude from one location to the other in what appeared to be a swimming motion.

It was also difficult to determine exact distance because we were unable to determine either shape or size.

We did not hear any sound from the direction of the object at the time of the sighting.

After approximately 4 or 5 minutes of watching, the object moved to a position that was blocked by trees in the neighborhood. At this time, we both went back inside to find a pair of binoculars and a spotting scope to try and get a closer view.  We were gone approximately 1 minute and were unable to relocate the object upon our return.

At this time, we decided to move to a location that offered a clearer, wider view of the sky in that direction. We moved approximately 1.5 miles to the North East and viewed the sky for another 30 minutes, seeing numerous other identifiable objects, but could not relocate the original object.

We did make note of several identifiable landmarks for directional indicators and will be printing up maps with area of view extrapolated from the original sighting location along with drawings attempting to describe the motion and movement of the object. 

In response to Point 4: The general feeling was that this was not an object that was maneuvering or operating within an accepted or recognized profile of a "normal" aerial craft. This led to a sense of puzzlement and curiosity and a desire to determine what, exactly, it was.

[Note 2: We are willing to speak with MUFON investigators, but are not willing to have personal information released outside the MUFON construct or entity at this time. In other words, we are not waiving our right for privacy and do not wish to have our personal or contact information released to any parties outside the Mutual UFO Network without signed, written consent.]
