{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-17 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481954","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3518,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/954/mufon-5481954.json","updb_database_id":5481954}
{jpg} Thought they might of been birds at first but these were no birds. They were like huge sheets of white paper and there were like 30 of them and they moved so fluidly making different shapes together

I was driving back from taking my sister to work at one of our family stores when I noticed these what looked like paper in the air high above the highway. As I got closer I noticed they had stopped sorta and were manuerving back and forth. At that point I was floored. Broad daylight these things were so bright white I immediately pulled over. Turned on my I phone video camera and the video speaks for itself. I felt as if they wanted to be looked at don't know why I felt that way but I even state it in the video. I was sorry no one else was stopping to look at them because whatever it was it was showing off for sure. There were like 30 or more of these things they flew in what looked like formation so at first that why I thought they might just be birds. Once I stopped and focused on them they were making shapes like one shape they made together appeared to be and arrow another one looked like an old satellite dish and so many more I was over whelmed with this feeling of joy while watching them. The material they must be made from had a very cloakish type look from one minute to the next. I could see them then I could not . I really would love someone to analyze my video because you will surely see the most amazing things they did. At about guess 6 minutes into it I have this overwhelming feeling that I needed to hurry down the highway and that I would be able to see them once more before they left. I keep the camera rolling never stopping footage. Sure enough and right in front of a highway sign showing you where I am they reappear and do more amazing shapes they move right left up down turns no aircraft moves like this only birds. But you will see in video there is no wings actually ever flapping. They just look like huge flat pieces of paper. They were incredible at one point as they disappear from my visual I beg them to come back and show me one more time and sure enough they come around on my right side and come up so close you definitely at that point see they are some foreign object. Whatever they were they were fantastic and this was my finest moment because I have seen more then this but this one I caught on video. Truly amazing and I was not scared of these at all. I have seen others types of UFO's since then as well. A few days later I was over my sisters house and while swimming I was floating on my back and noticed a big silver ball way up above us I asked my nephew and my brother in law if they were seeing the same thing that I was and they were so I know there was something there.I am always looking up always have since I was small.
