{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508954","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49495","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/954/mufon-5508954.json","updb_database_id":5508954}
{cak} Star like objects flying in all directions. They fly at each other and get really bright then race away. ome would stop and stay

1. Where and what I was doing? 
Well, My wife and I sit on our swing at night after the kids are tucked in. We leave the windows open so we can here them if something is wrong. We love the fresh Maine air at night. We even do this during the winter but get bundled up. The sky is so clear so we try to find the different constellations and such. We sit out there for hours.
2. What made you first notice the object?
My wife and I have seen these multiple times in the past few years, they have just showed up and seemed to stick around. We noticed them by looking at the stars. We saw something odd that didn't make since.
3. When we first started seeing these things we thought they were just stars but the movement of them seem to have a purpose.
4. The objects and its actions/motions.
Well they look exactly like Stars, they will be stationary but then either speed off or just plug along real slow. Some move light year fast like cover the entire night sky in a matter of seconds not minutes. But there is not a trail like from a falling star. They almost seem to communicate with each other. At first we thought maybe satellites, but no. My wife downloaded a satellite app on her phone and computer. When we see these objects there is not a satellite even near. We see these ever night. We have also noticed them being hooked together with a beam of light as well. Some will flash a gold colored light and the others in the area will zoom off really fast or just stop and stay there. I don't think satellites can do that. This has been going on since 2009. We just wanna know what is going on and what they are. We see at least 30 every night we go out there.
5. Our reactions and feelings during this.
We are not really scared but more amazed than anything. We really need to know what these things are. We have tried our self and cant figure it out. We need someone who knows more about whats out there for help. We also have seen football field sized crafts on several different occasions. They were all black sounded all move like the movie transformers, that machine like sound. Some didn't even make any noises at all but some were lit up and it rattled our windows when it went over head. Some we could look right into the craft they were so low. We didn't see any beings or anything but we could look in side and it was all lit up like a shopping mall in side. If it was only me I would think I was crazy but my wife and others have seen them as well. Everyone at first think were nuts then they come see for them self and are amazed just like us. 
6. How did we loose sight of the object.
Some just stick around while others vanish in mid air or they zoom off over the horizon. We never really loose sight of them because there always there. Some one we need help, come take a look for your self. I promise you will see them. Just let us know what these things are and get our questions answered.
