{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-12-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505594","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3085,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/594/mufon-5505594.json","updb_database_id":5505594}
Multi-coloured bright object sighted close to gorund or on ground in a field at night and witnessed by several other witnesses over long period of time in the vicinity confirmed by local newspaper article.

We were returning home to Williamstown by car late one night from Adelaide Cit,y past Gawler town, on a country road that we knew very well by sight when my mother and I both noticed a stationary blob of bright shining coloured lights/large object about the size of a combine harvester in a wheatfield in a slight depression. We know that field very well as we pass it four times a week or so.
It was very unusual for any Human activity to be occuring in that field at night. We assumed it could have been a farmer with his harvest machinery and their lights on. We arrived home a lot later than we anticipated and were a little confused with the time. I was six years old and not prone to seeing hallucinations.

Only in 2009 when I read a small publication from the Gawler Library about the multiple Gawler UFO sightings did I consider that what we witnessed/saw could have been what was witnessed by many others over the years from 1950s to present day with a particular flap in late 1969. What was described in the local newspaper matched what we saw very convincingly and the location was consistent with other aerial sightings earlier that same evening within five miles radius of Gawler Town Hall. I have never told anyone this story since that evening except since the 2009 publication.
The UFO phenomenon has been seen hovering over the Town Hall and local farmland over many decades. I think that EM static ball energy from a local geological faultline may be an explanation, as many sightings have so often been.

The Edinbugh RAAF base is nearby and they have a radar facility that existed in 1969. They will have reports dating back to that decade/time.

The object was in a place where no objects should have been at that time of night and it was generating enough warm-coloured lights to light up a football field. It was not a ball, but more of a multi-facetted shape. There must have been over six lights illuminating the field. We did not see the actual object obscured by its light display as we drove past at about 40miles per hour on a remote quiet country road devoid of many big trees just at that point somewhere near Sandy Creek backroad, not the main road.
