{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-21 04:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518594","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38498","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/594/mufon-5518594.json","updb_database_id":5518594}
Photogaphs of unknown flying object, glowing, hypervelocity, wake trail, flew over US military base

It was Monday, 21 May 2012 - 0456, about 2.5hrs before the much anticipated solar eclipse. I had just gassed up my car at the base gas station and was about to head out to look for a good spot to photograph the eclipse. The weather forecast for Tokyo was for cloudy conditions. Though the cloud coverage at that time was minimal, I kept my eye of the sky in anticipation of changing weather conditions. 
As I drove along the main road on base, I noticed a fast-moving glowing object in the sky. From where I was it seemed like a bright dot in the sky. My first thought was it my be a hypervelocity spy plane or even a piece of space debris coming down. My first instinct was to slam my car into park and grab my camera. I had several with me that morning. The one I used was fitted with a 500mm Sigma lens. I fired off 22 images in quick succession. The object which had crossed 10s-of-miles in mere seconds disappeared from view. The pictures were captured in raw and jpg files. 
Since the object appeared small in size, I didn't give it too much thought. I do remember saying allowed - "gotcha." I got back in my car and returned to scouting for a good place to photograph the solar eclipse while keeping my eye on the sky for changing weather and cloud formations. 
After the eclipse, I got together with several friends and photographers who photographed the day's event from another part of the city. IWe glanced at my pictures but didn't really scrutinize the images. One person thought I might have photographed an missle flying over Tokyo. Another lady thought it might be a meteor. It wasn't until the following day I decided to take a close look at the photos of the unknown object. After enlarging several pictures and noticing the uniformed structure of this fast-moving glowing object, I realized I had photographed something extraordinary. 
I've since showed the images to several pilots, aircraft engine designers, rocket engineering students , people in charge of airfield management and professional military aircraft photographers. Thought people disagree on what the object could be, everyone agrees - its not and airplane or any aircraft currently available to the US military.
