{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-03 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515594","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42560","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7730,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/594/mufon-5515594.json","updb_database_id":5515594}
(GS) I saw a large bright object in the sky moving incredibly fast and performing impossible manuevers and changing colors silently.

It was on a warm clear August night, the 3rd, of 2012. I was on my bicycle heading back to my house after picking up some late night take out food. It was about 10:14 pm. As i came to the crest of the hill on Commercial street in Weymouth Massachusetts, I was facing west/northwest, and I noticed an obvious airplane jet going northbound toward Logan airport in Boston. Ive always had a large interest in celestial objects, and often observe things like satellites and meteors, so I didn't think anything of the jet in my view. Within 5-10 seconds of viewing this jet, I noticed an extremely bright object coming from behind the tree line and traveling north in the same direction as the plane. This object was in my field of view as I faced the northwesterly direction. What caught my attention as to the strangeness of this object, was its light pattern, and its immediate stop from its flight direction. At no time did this object ever travel in front of the jet aircraft. This object came to an abrupt stop in mid air, about 7 to 12 seconds after I first observed it. When the object stopped, is when I stopped my bicycle and got on my feet while straddling the bike. The whole time I did not take my eyes off of this object, as I was afraid of what I was seeing would disappear. This object was completely silent at all times. I could hear the distinct sound of the jet aircrafts engine, which I am totally familiar with, as many scores of planes fly over my house every day to, from, and going over Logan international airport. When I first saw the object traveling from behind tree line into my field of view, it was glowing very brightly in a bluish whitish color, similar to very bright neon. As the object came to an abrupt dead stop, it quickly but smoothly changed into a greenish whitish color. When I say it changed quick, I mean that it changed colors from bluish to greenish in no longer than one second, but it changed smoothly like one of those fiber optic color changing decorations. This object appeared oval in shape, and it was so bright, I could not make out any other surface features on this object. When the object came to its seemingly impossible dead stop, I was frightened, because I have never seen anything ever anywhere, just come to a complete stop without slowing even a little bit first. This object stopped up in the sky so fast, its only something you would see on a computer screen or television. I knew aircraft cannot stop like that, and that if it did, anything living inside would be dead. When I first saw this object moving, it was not moving that fast, but it was pacing the jet aircraft about a half mile in front of it. After the object stopped and hovered for about 30 seconds, it very quickly and very brightly flashed or pulsed one time. This flash was many times brighter than the already bright light it was emitting before. The flash was so bright, it was as if the sky flashed as well, kind of like when lightening lights up the sky. When this flash occured, it had a redish whitish color to it, and it lasted only a fraction of a second. As it flashed red, it then began to move again traveling northward for about 1/4 mile and then slowing to almost a dead stop, but then it flashed bright whitish red again, and then performed an extremely tight curl and was traveling back to its original position. It appeared that every time this object flashed red, it would perform some kind of directional change, and that is exactly what I was observing. Seeing these unusual maneuvers instilled fear in me, and I had the urge to continue down the hill to my home and away from this object, but I had never ever seen anything even resembling something like this, and my curiosity made me stay and observe. This object was completely silent, very maneuverable, extremely bright, and extremely fast in terms of its excelleration and decelleration. It travelled in very short tangents about 5 or 6 times, no more than a 1/2 mile in any direction. I observed this object for over 3 minutes, as I timed this event with my wristwatch. There was a streetlight to my rear, that illuminated just enough for me to see my watch. This object did also move in tight curves and seemingly irradic movements, similar to how a fly might move. It didn't seem to make any sense to me. One of the strangest things this object did, was come to a complete stop again, then hovered for about 5 seconds, then it flashed red again, and then it just dropped straight down and below the tree line and out of sight. It fell just as if you held a rock out and let it go, only the object that I was observing seemed to drop faster than the speed at which gravity alone would allow, for this reason, I determined that it must have been intentional, and not some failure in mid flight. I stood watching the sky for about 15 seconds, as this object went behind and below the tree line, and within 15 seconds it reappeared from behind the trees traveling straight upward. The object then made a few more irradic maneuvers before coming to a hover again, and then dropping quickly again. After its final drop and following ascent, this object flashed red again and traveled back in the same direction that I had first observed it coming from. This last maneuver that I witnessed, was by far, the fastest it had moved the whole 3 minutes of observing it. This moved extremely fast. Covering several miles in less than half a second. It seemed to travel faster than a meteor going through the atmosphere. Yet this object had absolutely no tail to it. While moving this object appeared bluish whitish. While hovering this object appeared greenish whitish. And as if to signal an upcoming maneuver, it flashed bright redish white. I stood there on the shoulder of the road in aww. I did not know what I had just saw, and I remember audibly saying to myself during my observation, "what the hell is that?". As the last viewing of this object was when it shot away at extremely high speed, I remained standing on the roads shoulder, waiting to see if it would reappear. After about ten minutes, and it did not appear again, I then continued down the hill on my bike, and went home. I have done some research online to see if I could find some video of any ufos that resembled what I saw. I found some video of a ufo over a holy temple in Jerusalem at night time. The video that I saw, almost matches exectly to what I saw, only in regards to some of its motion, and most precisely its hovering motion that then went into a drop or free fall. This video also seemed to show that the craft flashed brightly before each directional change. Never before, or since, have I ever observed something so incredible, and so impressive. I knew that I saw this object, but its movements did not compute in my brain, I can not explain what that was, but I can definately say what it was not. I know that that object was something ive never seen in the sky before, and nothing ive ever seen made by humankind.
