{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-08 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495594","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63840","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/594/mufon-5495594.json","updb_database_id":5495594}
{nd} Saw very clearly and nearby a triangle shaped aircraft with a light on each corner

I began watching a television show with my fiance at 11:00 PM last night (March 8, 2015). Sometime around 11:15-11:30PM I saw something in the air in the corner of my eye so I looked out my window from where I was sitting on my couch. 

I immediately recognized that the aircraft was unique. It was a perfect triangle shape with all three edges straight. I immediately got up, stood on the other couch and looked out the window. The aircraft was traveling relatively slowly and at a low altitude. I was able to see the aircraft itself, not just the lights. I called for my fiance, who was sitting on the other couch and did not see it when it passed by the window. She jumped up onto the couch with me and watched it as it flew off. By the time she saw it, it was father away and hard for her to see anything except for the triangle lights. 

I have been thinking back to what I saw all day and trying to remember more details about it, but i can't remember certain details with absolute certainty so I left them out. I believe that the lights on the aircraft were two of the same color and one a different color, but I cannot remember with certainty what colors they were, so I am not including that information. I cannot remember if they were pulsating or blinking. 

I cannot remember with certainty the color of the craft but it appeared almost greyish. I remember seeing the texture on the bottom of the craft but cannot remember much about it. From the time I saw it to the time it was flying off in the distance was a matter of seconds. The time that I was able to see it low and detailed was perhaps 3 seconds. I was somewhat in awe and wish I had my camera and big zoom lens on hand when this happened. The aircraft seemed to be flying low and appeared to be large, but not huge. If I had to guess, it was somewhat smaller than a commercial airplane, but bigger than a small Cesna airplane. Based on what I perceived its elevation to be, I would estimate the aircraft was between 20-50 feet long, maybe larger as it was difficult to tell just how low it was.

Following the sighting, perhaps ten seconds later I heard two or three banging sounds coming from outside my window in the direction the aircraft was flying. I cannot say if they were related to this at all as I live in a populated town on main avenue so there are always sounds of cars and people outside anyway.
