{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525594","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30146","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/594/mufon-5525594.json","updb_database_id":5525594}
A burning orb floating beneath the cloud cover which glowed at different intensities and then vanished

This event occurred during the early hours of the morning on Monday, July 11, 2011. I was camping at a camp ground near an outdoor festival just outside of Veneta, Oregon. Having watched the firedancing events of the evening up until their very end at approximately 2am, I decided to take a walk through the dark, quiet camp ground before heading to bed. Many other campers were still awake at this time, partying and such, and I wandered for quite some time, mostly in nearly pitch black conditions. As I crossed an open field I spotted a small cluster of people ahead of me in the dark, all of whom appeared to be huddled together and pointing to something in the sky through a gap in the trees. As I came closer I could hear them asking one another, "What is that?" "Is it a meteor?" "Haha, is it a sign of the end times?" One of them beckoned to me, saying "Come see the UFO!" As I approached I was able to see through the same gap in the treeline which they were looking through. The sky was uniformly overcast, with thick grey clouds hanging low and glowing a dim amber colour due to night time light pollution from the nearby city of Eugene. Hanging there beneath the clouds, at least forty-five degrees above the horizon, brighter by far than any of the faint air traffic which I could just barely see near the horizon, was a single brilliant point of amber-coloured light. It made no sound, had none of the external flashing lights required by the FAA, and was most certainly not a star, as no others were visible anywhere in the observable sky at the time. Though it did eventually move, it appeared to be still for the majority of the time. It appeared, at its maximum luminosity, to be about the size of a penny held at arm's length. Having observed meteors, fireballs and other atmospheric events as an amateur astronomer, as well as many different types of aircraft and flares as an avid aviation, maritime and military enthusiast, I could say with certainty at the time that what we saw did not fit within the normal frame of reference concerning what "should" be in the sky. Its brightness was a shocking contrast to the dim, cloudy sky surrounding it. As we stood together observing and contemplating what the strange, floating light source could be, it began to drift very subtly from North to South, first dimming slightly, then glowing even brighter than before. This was vociferously observed by those of us on the ground. About sixty seconds or so later, it dimmed once more, glowed again, and them shrank into a single dim white point which quickly vanished, leaving only a smooth and unblemished cloud cover behind. Shocked, we continued to look for the object for a few more minutes, but it seemed that the light wasn't going to come back, and some of the other observers were quite shaken by the event. Having never seen a UFO before and suddenly being confronted with the idea that extra-terrestrials might be real, several of them revealed through conversation feelings of deep vulnerability and fear. Others seemed intrigued. Having seen unexplainable things in the sky before, I felt excited and somewhat intrigued by the reactions of my newfound companions. The punchline: I had a camera phone in my pocket and plenty of time to use it, but between my excitement and my strong desire to observe and remember every relevant detail I possibly could, I totally forgot it was there, and did not snap a photo/video of the object.
