{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-02 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484594","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75227","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2743,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/594/mufon-5484594.json","updb_database_id":5484594}
at 7 pm I spotted an object in the northern direction like a star but not acting like one. doing impossible maneuvers in all directions . also responded to signs made by me with a long- range flashlight . just disappearing 8 pm

I live in the countryside. next to many farms and a lot of vegetation and forests. where we have already been told stories of UFO sightings and contacts with faceless and hauntings beings. One day in March 2014 was the first apparition 7 pm I saw. I was at home when I was out there. and there was not a star in the sky but to the north, there was a bright light appeared to be a star or a planet, like Mars seen to the naked eye. I went to close the road to examine more closely. I took a flashlight because it was very dark there are not houses or lampposts. I realized then that the supposed star moved and pulsated between red, orange, blue and white. I took the flashlight and pointed to the light she answered blinking more and more and I flashed the flashlight. I know not transmit in morse code. I called my grandfather and he also saw a witness and my aunt also my mother my brother also. it appeared for days about two weeks when the object performed sudden movements and spun in the sky and disappeared exactly 8 pm. the last day of the apparition of light do not know exactly when it was but this day I will never forget. I've never seen anything so weird in my life. It was the night that the light has launched much smaller orbs that the main light (about 10) that circled it and turned around her. simply I ran into the house very scared and frightened. but I decided to return
and see. the orbs were much lower than the light and were now only five. they went down to the ground behind the trees simultaneously 8 pm. then left the main light to leave and she was decreased and down through the trees then never showed up.could not record video or take a picture because the cell was a s3 and the camera did not show up anything because it was too dark. I have photos of the site and the area where the UFO appeared.
