{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-18 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504594","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54293","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/594/mufon-5504594.json","updb_database_id":5504594}
{kt}2 UFO's flying over Las Cruces New Mexico

On Saturday, May 18, 2013 at about 11:00 p.m. my wife and I were standing on our front porch smoking a cigarette, when suddenly my wife pointed and said, "what the F is that"!!!??? I turned around and immediately noticed a huge glowing reddish orange object flying north to south over Las Cruces, N.M. just a couple hundred yards away from us. The object at this time was a couple hundred feet off the ground moving north to south in a slight diagonal downward direction. It came to a stop approximately less than 100 feet off the ground and passed parallel from me and my wife a few hundred yards away from us. It then started moving east going away from us in an upward diagonal direction. Once the object started moving away from us, it no longer had the red and orange glow, but instead it looked like a star moving through the sky with a random bright and dim fluttering light. As I was waiting to lose sight of it, expecting it to fly past and behind the Organ Mountains, it suddenly started to descend somewhere near the Organ Mountains. I eventually lost sight of the object as it had descended lower than my line of view over the houses. My wife was able to capture a few of the bright flutters from the object on her cell phone before we lost view of the object. At this point my wife decided to grab her digital camera in case we saw anything else and in less than 10 minutes my wife pointed out another big reddish orange object directly north of us, coming directly towards us! Again the object was moving from north to south in a downward diagonal direction. The object flew/floated directly over us less than 100 feet. As it was directly over us, there was no longer a huge glow. Neither my wife or I were able to make out any kind of shape to the object, almost as if it was transparent. The only thing I saw was what looked to be little bits of fire flames coming off the object. The object then stopped almost directly above us and changed directions moving in a slight upward diagonal direction moving northeast. Just like the first object, once this one was moving away from us it wasn't glowing red and orange but instead looked like a star with random bright and dim flutters. I eventually lost sight of the object as it flew away northeast of us. Neither objects had any sound as they flew. Completely silent! Both objects also flew from downtown Las Cruces to the Organ Mountains in about 1 minute with no sound. From downtown Las Cruces to the Organ mountains is approximately 15 miles. On top of the cell phone video of the first object, my wife was able to capture 3 digital photos of the 2nd object. In the video you will notice a constant bright light. Look directly to the right of the bright light and you will see the object flutter right before and after a car passes by on the video. I can't honestly tell you what I saw because I truly don't know what it was, but I can say with confidence that this was something special and out of the ordinary!
