{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-03-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493594","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65918","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3181,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/594/mufon-5493594.json","updb_database_id":5493594}
{dr}Red lights that appear in geometric form then disappear and appear elswhere with other red lights or near abbandoned buildings.

I was only 12 to 13 years old during the time of the sightings. The first time I became aware of the red lights was when we were coming home on the activity school bus from a basketball game. Red lights seemed to be following the bus. A group of girls were sitting at the back of the bus watching it. The lights did not actually move with the bus, but would appear stationary, disappear, and appear again about the same distance from the bus as it was when first seen. We thought it was curious but nothing came of it.
I lived 5 miles from town in a rural setting. One night while washing dishes, I looked out the window, which was on the north side of the house and there were red lights in the sky. There were 4 and they formed a perfect geometric square. They didn't shine so much as they just glowed. I immediately recognized them as being like the one following the school bus. So I went to the living room and drug my mother into the kitchen to see them. She was unimpressed and went back to watching TV. I continued to watch them and saw that occasionally one or more would disappear and appear elsewhere always in perfect geometric shape. This happened primarily in the sky. And after this I often saw them in the same place doing the same activity. However, after a time, I observed that one would disappear and appear at the vacant house approximately 1/4 mile up the road near the highway. It did not move around the house, but would appear at a window and stay a while, disappear and appear again on the porch. Then disappear and appear again with the group of lights in the sky. It seemed to me that they were checking out the house...gathering information maybe and then sharing it. That happened often. I thought it was curious that the light so often checked out the house. I always felt a little concern when it was checking out the house because we were so close and maybe they would come to our house too. And after we went to sleep who is to say they didn't. But I never witnessed that.
My bed was also on the north side of the house and often I would go to sleep watching the lights. This went on during a two year time span. I never saw the red lights again after that.
I have not been able to find anyone from that area that remembers seeing the light following the bus and my mother doesn't remember me showing them to her, (which I did more than once).
I really just want to know if ANYONE else has ever reported something like this.
