{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-03 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498052","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5955,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/052/mufon-5498052.json","updb_database_id":5498052}
{nd} Vertical (color varies) light beam. Pulsating red light above beam. Beam seemed to widen up as it absorbed unknown (black object)

It was 11 - 12 at night. My cousin and I were parked by the van cortlandt park woods in front of his house on a dead end street when I noticed a light source coming from deep inside the woods. I took a few steps towards the gate that separated us from the woods and our parking spot. My first thought was that of an image of the eiffel tower (red exterior lights on the pointy top hovering over an orange beam.) We walk these woods all the time and we can tell you that there has never been light illuminating from inside. When you walk inside the woods, its steep downhill, but what we saw was directly at eye level, so we could only assume it was treetop. The orange beam seemed to give off an energy that would not allow my cousin and I to look away. It demanded our attention as it was the most beautiful light show we've ever seen. We were speechless. At that moment my cousin started walking closer to the gate. The closer he got to the gate and stepped on the leaves, lights changed from blue to orange to finally red. At that point we were already leaning on the gate to get a closer look. The harder we looked and tried to focus on the object the more it appeared to move closer. It moved to a point where we can see a red glare giving off from the exterior red light. The exterior red light paused from there on after. We stood there in awe. The lights had a different affect on me than they did my cousin. Whatever it was, it was trying to alter what I was seeing. It was throwing different images at me and I felt like a negative energy was telling me to go away. Then suddenly out of nowhere we heard a humming sound coming from that direction. We knew without a doubt it came from what we were looking at. Nothing else was around and it was one of the quietest nights we've ever had near these woods. What we saw next could only be described as an indent coming from the middle of the beam. It was absorbing something slowly. We couldn't believe what we were looking at. It was like something out of the comic books. And as cliche as that sounds, bear with us, because things start to get even weirder. We start hearing footsteps running. It was approximately 15 to 20 feet away from us and gaining. We were scared to death at this point. It felt like spirits were telling us to go away. As it started to get closer it ran through our peripheral. What we saw can only be described as it appearing to be human wearing a cloaking device. Their might have been more than one as the footsteps could be heard moving from the left and from the right of us. We felt them telling us to go away. Its hard to explain but the shock of it all flustered our feelings and made us feel like WE were invading. At this point we moved closer to our parked car which was not far from the gate. As soon as that happened something ran inside the neighbors' backyard finding an entrance through the woods. The minute the gate closed behind whatever it was, the neighbor's backyard light and inside car lights flickered on for just a second. We heard the neighbors' back door open very quietly gentle and footsteps in the house like sharp tip toeing for maybe about 10 steps as it was all done in one quick motion as if what ever it was was powered by energy and that's what flickered all the lights. It was amazing!!! Like a surge of energy from a higher BEING triggering everything electrical around it. As if it was in the power lines! WE FREAKED OUT! It left the house promptly after the footsteps and closed the door behind it again very gently and closed the gate heading back towards the woods. My cousin ran to wake up my other friend who lived in the same house as him. We needed another eye witness to make sure what we were seeing wasn't at all in our heads. We failed to bring him due to his heavy sleeping, and work in the morning status. My cousin finally came back with the bad news and by that time the footsteps were far but could be heard from a distance. My cousin climbed on the rail to lean on the gate to once again get a closer look at the object, two large stomps approached him very aggressively but yet subtly shaking the gate. He quickly jumped off in fear. We just sat there in disbelief! We couldn't believe that something like this was happening to us. We felt alone in this world even though something out of this world was just a few yards away. If you already don't believe us than you'll believe us even less when we tell you someone star like came out of this craft and started walking around. Its physical form was that of a man but glowing like the sun. No eyes or mouth could be seen but he was just like a bright star! The beam widened up and then it slimmed down again. Like as if it sucked him up. That was the last we saw of whatever that was. I had to pick up my mother from work soon so I had to leave, regrettably. My cousin went to sleep and neither one of us saw the craft fly off. We only we wish would've recorded whatever we saw but it was too dark for my iphone to capture anything inside these woods. We're trusting our eyes, mind and body that what we saw that night of November 3, 2014 was not a hoax but a real event that changed the view of the world for my cousin and I. 

Thank you
