{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-21 05:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504052","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54852","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2722,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/052/mufon-5504052.json","updb_database_id":5504052}
{rjl} ball of light. wasn't completely spherical. rapid and sudden direction change. intelligently operated. Somewhat transparent in center.

I had been cooped up in the room all day doing some work. Sun was starting to go down and decided to go stretch my legs and go down to the water that's near by and sit and relax on a bench as I will tend to do. I was sitting there for about 10 minutes. Looking around, then up into the sky to see the clouds and I spotted this white orb that was brighter than the brightest star at night. It was hovering but also slowly moving. I quickly took my phone out and snapped a photo first just in case and then switched to the video setting and hit record. Shortly after it abruptly went backwards, then paused, then back more behind the trees and clouds for a split second before shooting right toward the north out off screen and out of view. I stopped recording and quickly went back to the apartment to show my roommates. 

When I first saw it I had no idea what it was but I have been a believer for a long time now and know that if I see something unusual and I have the ability to capture it on camera that's what I'm going to do. I have had 2 previous sighting from a few years ago but were quick events and unable to capture on camera. The first being a mass sighting that took place while living in Southern Maryland and two jets out of Andrews Air Force Base were chasing after. Anyways, once I saw it moving then quickly move again I knew it wasn't man made and definitely was not some kind of weather related effect. There was intelligence in the way it moved.

I wasn't sure what to think or say or how to react. Just wanted to watch it. I know there are all kinds of fakes videos out there so I wasn't sure how to react. I was calm in the fact that I am accepting of it but also a bit shaken because I wasn't sure what to do with the proof and how to go about telling people.
