{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-09 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471052","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89429","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4020,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/052/mufon-5471052.json","updb_database_id":5471052}
{cak} UFO with Green windows

On November 9th, 2017 at approximately 6:45 PM a couple of relatives, who wish to remain anonymous, say an UFO or phenomena that cannot explain. Names have been changed from here on as husband, Randy, and wife, Mindy.The couple were just getting home from dinner. As the they were entering the house Randy went in, but Mindy was just behind him when she saw some lights above a tree line. She couldn1t believe what she was seeing so she called him to come out. He obliged. They both observed an object about 20-30 feet long above a tree line. It was night, so they could not see an outline. They can approximate the length because it had approximately 6 green lights, that they described as looking like windows several feet apart. The object had no sound and it was hovering at the same height the whole time.As the object hovered was emanating/sending lights were just amazing. They can hardly describe what they saw. They weren1t lasers because they were not straight. The lights were continuous, but were also like cork screws. Almost like fireworks, except for the fact they were continuous/constant the whole distance. They were going across the street into their neighbor1s yard and going through the trees n all directionsAfter about 3 minutes of observing this and being mesmerized, Randy went into the house. It was freaking him out and didn1t want to have anything to do with it any longer.Mindy, stayed out for another 30 seconds, but while she did she started looking around in all directions. She was trying to see if anyone else was outside and if there was anything else happening in other places. She didn1t want to give up looking for explanations. While doing this she looked up the street the other direction, which is to the North East. She saw a green(same color) glowing ball of light. Very bright and estimating the size of a bowling ball. It was floating at about eye level. She tried to get Randy to come back out to see that, but he chose not to.Then it flashed(like a camera flash) and then just disappeared right in front of her eyes. It didn1t fly away, it just vanished. After this happened, she went to look at the other object and it was gone.Randy and Mindy are still blown away by what they saw. There is no explanation. Drones? no. methane gas from a leach field? No. Laser beam light show? No  There is nothing in their combined 127 years that comes even close. I believe they saw something based on their reaction that night, and continued amazement. I live right behind them. So they called right after it happened to ask me if I saw it, but was not home at the time. I could sense the concern and confusion in their voices.Family relative of witnesses is an artist. The rendering of what they described. They said it this very accurate.
