{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-04 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457052","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/052/mufon-5457052.json","updb_database_id":5457052}
{cak} Sightings of star-like object began in October, still ongoing, multiple craft seen

On October 4th I went outside to let my dog out and noticed a star getting very bright, flashing, and changing colors. I asked my husband to take a look (he's very logically minded man that's a skeptic by nature) and he thought it looked odd. We got out the telescope and he was able to see it. He said, "that's not a star, you have to see this." We were unable to get it to focus properly again and I wasn't able to see it that night. I decided to go back out around the same time the next night just to see if maybe it would be there again and it was. This time I was able to see it through the telescope. It was a sphere with a pink/purple (rectangular) center, every color of the rainbow was swirling around inside, making patterns at times. It would change to just a rich, bright white/silver light and dissappear, it would look like smoke, then go through the cycle again, turning back into the colorful sphere. 
 This thing showed up almost ever night in the same spot for a month. It would appear around 7:15 every night, hovering in a similar spot and moving slowly towards the downtown area. It would be visible each night for about an hour before it was too far across the city to see, lighting up like crazy the whole time. When daylight savings time hit, it began showing up around 5:30. One night I was looking for it and saw something that looked like a craft. It only lasted a few seconds but the most brilliant silver/white light appeared (like it was on the end of a paintbrush) and it turned (on its side?).I saw it was long, both ends were circular with what looked like a bridge between them.
 At that point we'd seen the sphere for several weeks. One night last week while watching it my husband decided he wanted to get a closer look so we jumped in the car ( I stupidly left my purse and phone at home) and drove towards where we thought it would be. We drove towards town, stopping 3 times in parking lots to get out and look around for it. We ended up at the train station, it's a dead end and geographicly situated at very low, Jeff City is extremely hilly, especially that area. We decided to turn around and head back towards the house and as we came over the hill we saw a huge, bright white light that appeared to be sitting over the hospital. This thing was big, hovering, and emitting the purest white/silver light either of us has ever seen. We continued across town towards the house and it started moving fast. The appearance changed at this point and it seemed to have 3 sections with rectangular lights, it appeared tilted in the sky and moved very fast. It was low and flew right over the highway, again seeming to tilt itself when it flew over. I tried to make out the shape but couldn't for some reason. All Besides the lights the features were difficult to make out. My husband asked if we should try to follow but it was already across town and out of sight in a matter of seconds. 
  For the past two nights it's been showing up again closer to the house. The first night I was trying to avoid going outside and had put all of it out of my head. It was around 9:15 and I was in the bathroom before going to bed. Suddenly I could feel something flying over the house, it had to have been low, the vibration from this thing was scary. I've lived far too close to an airport before and am very familiar with what it sounds and feels like when aircraft fly over at lower altitudes, this was nothing like that. There was no noise but the pressure made my ears pop and I began to hear what I assume people with tinitus hear, a very high pitched whine. I flew out the front door to see what passed over and I immediately saw what it was. Across the street, behind the neighbors house, above the treeline was the big, bright white/silver craft we tried chasing. There was a streak of blue light visible within the white light. My husband came to see and we both frantically looked for our phones to record and report it. It was low and close, we were both freaked out, I stopped looking and watched the thing. A helicopter started heading for it; that's when it changed. It went from a brilliant white blue aura to a spinning multi-color circular shape, and it was just gone. I got my phone in case it came back, it did and I got some video and pictures but it was much further away at that point. Last night, I was able to get more video and pics. I thought I was just watching 1 but after the first one flew away, what I thought was a star began to follow it. My phone was out of memory and I wasn't able to record the 2nd one moving but it is visible in the pics/video.
 If anyone is interested in an active nightly occurrence, Jefferson City, Missouri is a sure thing right now. There are lots of military related bases/installations/air bases surrounding the are so maybe that's what we're seeing. I just don't know why you'd be so obvious with technology we haven't seen before.
