{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-14 22:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490178","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3002,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/178/mufon-5490178.json","updb_database_id":5490178}
orange red orbs straight line , white strobe like lights in clouds

I was watching tv with my boyfriend on the couch, actually a ufo show and my boyfriend suddenly blurts out, "hey speaking of ufos, what the hell is that in the sky" referring to something outside the window behind our tv. I stayed on the couch while he went to our porch to get a better look.  He yelled out for me to come see what he was looking at but i ignored him for a few minutes thinking he was seeing a plane or helicopter.  Finally i got up to look when he said he was going outside.  First i looked through the porch window and saw the orange orb. I thought, that must be a helicopter but then i realized it was like a fireball and looked to be pulsating so i went ouside to see better too.  We were both standing in our backyard, rural area so not much light pollution, trying to understand the light.  I noticed that it got bright then dull then bright and going slower than an meteor or comet with no tail, didnt have the standard blinking multi coloured lights of an airplane so suggested helicopter. My boyfriend observed there would be noise at the distance it was and it was silent.  Suddenly it took a sharp turn left towards Quebec so westerly and faded out. We stood there for a minute looking at the sky, i noticed the cloud over where the orb came from was strobing white light. None of the other clouds were doing this and it was faster than a searchlight or airport light would be. We started to head inside again when another orb appeared. Same color same pulsating orange glow same flight path. We went back to our garden to watch. This one never turned but seemed to stop and hover at a point that seemed to line up over out neighbours house then slowly continued on again before fading out and disappearing. About 5 minutes later a third one appeared and followed the same pattern as the second one. Fading out once it hit a certain point on the horizon. We waiting outside still but never saw a fourth but did notice that the strobing cloud was still strobing but in a different location. Neither of us felt scared or upset by this just intrigued and curious. It didn't seem as threatening and the strobing clouds did. Unfortunately i never took any pictures or video, i did think about it at one point but didn't think the pics or video would turn out. Going to be looking again tonight just incase.
