{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-25 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285178","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118233","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2301,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/178/mufon-5285178.json","updb_database_id":5285178}
Looking East, toward Century City, I perceived an object in the distance. It appeared to suddenly reveal itself to me, as if it knew I was aware.

I saw this shiny, twisting, seemingly triangular object, slowly hovering near some clouds today during my trip to Tuscan Son, a restaurant off of Westwood Blvd. Most people wouldn’t have noticed it unless they already were looking in that direction. I happened to be in a particular spot where it was visible. It was pretty faint. I decided to sit outside, at this particular table which called out to me. I liked the way the light was hitting it. Originally I sat down on the side that, had I stayed, would’ve prevented me from experiencing it. There was a bit of a chill breeze which made me feel cold, and some delicate sunlight was reflecting on the other side, so I switched seats. I wouldn’t have noticed the object otherwise. Who knows what it was, but it was still very intriguing. It would fly up a bit, and, at times, light from our sun reflected off of it, but then it would fade away. However, it reappeared. This kept happening a number of times. It is as if whatever this thing was revealed itself to me. Perhaps it was a shiny balloon, but it looked too big to be one of those. And I noticed that it faded in, first, then out, then back in. It gave me a really eerie feeling: at once it looked so familiar, however, I couldn’t really conceive of what it was, not at least without getting a closer view. Perhaps the wind was carrying it, but it was moving somewhat unnaturally. My eyes were locked on it until it faded and didn’t come back. It was at least a couple minutes that I watched it. Must’ve faded in and out about 4-5 times.
