{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-13 04:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484178","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75661","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3007,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/178/mufon-5484178.json","updb_database_id":5484178}
{nd} Unknown

Hi,

This is something that have been intriguing me for years and after watching the video of a big object impacting planet Jupiter about a week ago I thought it was time to share it.

A little more than three years ago, I was taking long exposures photos of the night sky (15 secs) testing my Canon PowerShot ELPH. I took around 4 maybe 5 exposures. Constellations Auriga and parts of Taurus, Orion and Gemini as well as planet Jupiter are in the picture. Looking at the pictures a couple of days later I noticed what seems to be an object on the west side of Jupiter. I'm not sure if it was right next to Jupiter or much closer to Earth or maybe it is from planet Earth but it looks like something that was far away. Unfortunately I wasn't looking at the sky on that moment so I don't know how long it lasted. I compare it to an exposure that I took a minute later and the object isn't there. I checked for reflections or trails left due to camera movement during the exposure but couldn't find anything. I also can't understand how this object didn't leave a trail of itself across the sky considering that the picture is a 15 seconds exposure. That means that it was stationary and also rules out the possibility of being a satellite, meteorite or airplane. It's also way too bright to be one of Jupiters moons. 
I had shown the picture to astrophotographers and friends with basic knowledge of long exposure imaging and they can't understand how the object didn't leave a trail, how is so bright or how was generated. I even made a side by side picture comparison with the exposure I took a minute later (1 minute and 30 seconds apart to be exact). I rotated the pictures so that up is north-east and enhance them to better show the object shape and how many pixel it covered. The only difference between the two is that the camera was moved a little. The object is tiny but some shape can be appreciated.
My intention is to give the picture to a professional so that it can be analyzed and determine if this is really an UFO, terrestrial object or if it was caused by something else. 
I would like to have an answer and take this out of my head.

Thanks for your time.
