{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-09-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511178","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47194","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/178/mufon-5511178.json","updb_database_id":5511178}
{cak} saw lights nd craft..I flashed my headlights and followed for about 300yards till it stopped and hovered over treetopsAA

as a housekeeper, I just finished working and was on my way home. It was dark out, but just getting dark. I was on the top of Yerry hill rd. outside of woodstock ny, going down the hill, and saw the craft above the trees. I always love to think that helicopters and other craft may see me, so I wave or flash my headlights to see if I get a response...sometimes small planes will tip their wings if they see you..its fun. the craft was triangular with a v back or tail. The lights caught my eye in the dark, so I started flashing my headlights, thinking it was a government craft, and hoping theyd see me and maybe get a kick out of a civilian saying hi. Then suddenly, it stopped over the trees. I pulled over and kept flashing my headlights.I was thrilled it probably saw me! I was thinking hey hello! this is cool! It hovered over the tree tops for about ten min. before I decided to head home, since I got no flashing lights back, and nothing much happened. At the time my windows were open, and I had shut my car off. I started my car.. headed home..and thought it was probably a new kind of government craft being test driven...nothing more. Years later, when I told a friend about the incident, he asked what kind of sound the craft made, and I was surprised to recall that there was no sound AT ALL. That is what made me think it was a U F O. I had no fear or any uncomfortable feelings about the craft, which looked to be black with red blue and green lights. I never thought to report it,because I just thought it was one of ours. But when I realized it was silent, I was tickled to think it was an alien craft. I was not aware of M U F O N until just a short time ago. SO, that is my story, about my encounter with a suprising visiting craft!
