{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-14 01:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507178","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51535","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/178/mufon-5507178.json","updb_database_id":5507178}
{nd} Witnessed triangular-shaped object w/round, soft yellow glowing lights at each corner zip silently from east to west skyline as I was facing south looking up at sky.

I was walking outside my condo to throw my crash in the communal bin. As I walked out, one of the first things I noticed was the absence of the eucalyptus tree that had been chopped down 2 days prior from my front neighbors yard and how empty it looked without it, but I had a clearer view of the sky from my perspective. I thought to myself, what a beautiful evening, cool with a very mild breeze, but then it occurred to me how unusually quiet it was. There really was no sound to the breeze, no slight rustling of leaves in the trees. (Then I was upset about the chopping of the several trees in the area...) And although it was late, I noticed there was no traffic in the area whatsoever; and around this area, at this time, there usually at least minimal movement. So I go dump my trash and walk back, looking up at the sky and taking it in. I decided to enjoy the evening a little longer and went to sit on the green electrical box that sits up in front by our sidewalk so I could contemplate a few minutes. Im sitting facing south towards the First Christian Church in front of our condos but looking up at the stars. I am actually saying out loud under my breath what a beautiful but unusually quiet night it is... almost eerie, when out of the corner of my left eye, I noticed something moving. From my left hand side is a large tree and I see from that angle up in the sky an object zipping or more like gliding across the sky from the eastern skyline to west at a slight single and tipping slightly. As I mentioned, I am facing south with my condo behind me. I am looking at a triangular object in the sky that is flying at best mid-altitude, perhaps lower... think close to helicopter height. (We see lots of that here as we are close to the NAF in Seeley, CA and the border between Calexico, CA and Mexicali, Baja CA, Mexico, so were used to occasional choppers in the area.) I think I was so stunned that I quickly look behind me towards my condo in the northern direction of the sky and noticed the faint red blinking light of a plane flying at a very high altitude. This plane see.end go be moving slowly in comparison to this triangular object/vehicle that I am witnessing and for a split second, I simultaneously hear the faint sound of an a/c unit kick. Absolute dead silence. What struck besides the quick quiet zipping flight was the triangular shape. At each corner was a very faint round yellow light glow. The triangular outline was more pronounced against the sky. The middle area was greyish, almost faded or transparent-like against the sky. I cant explain it except to say, that I was somewhat tired when I first walked outside, but I felt an odd kind of awareness in my surroundings and then a slight a burst of energy after seeing this "whatever I saw..." I immediately tried to call the El Centro Police Dept. at exactly 1:58am Pacific time to see if there had been any strange reports... thankfully, I dialed the wrong number. Then I called my parents and scared them to death by calling at this unseemly hour. Needless to say, they were not pleased.. and now my Mom probably thinks Im a freak or that Ive gone mad... Im almost ashamed to report it, because I know what Ive thought of some of these stories. (Not all of them.) But I swear on everything that is holy, I know what I saw. Perhaps it is something experimental out of our local Navy Base. But I can tell you, kind sirs, that my brother, [Item Moved/CMS/nd], worked for many years in different civilian positions, often meeting the diffefent squadrons, such as the Blue Angels and the RAF, before [Name removed/cms/tg] phased out so many of the jobs out there. (He is now employed by a private civilian company in solar energy.) And Im not some quack. Ive medically retired since 1997 for severe injuries to my neck and spine, while employed as a Correctional Clerk at the local Sheriffs Dept. Prior to that, I worked at County Mental Health as a Case Manager for the High-Risk Adult/Repeat Offender/Criminally Insane. Prior to that, I was a Legal Advocate/Counselor at a local Domestic Violence Agency. I am hoping that the Navy base is just testing out some secret aircraft or drone type craft. I will probably check with our local airportcand sith the Navy base to see if they can tell what they know was up in that night sky. 
Please help me figure this out as I will probably be twisting and obsessing with this in my head for answers or explanations.... Thank you.
