{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-14 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500178","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58934","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3057,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/178/mufon-5500178.json","updb_database_id":5500178}
{cak} Extremely large, dark, triangular craft with three corner lights, a light in the center, and randomly located lights along one side.

At approximately 9:00 PM, shortly after I arrived at home and pulled into our driveway, I saw my wife carrying our 16 month old little boy walking out of our house to greet me. Seconds later, before I could even fully get out of the car, I heard the baby say, "what IS that"? as he pointed to the sky. I saw my wife look up where he was pointing, and her expression became very serious when she replied to our son, "I don't know what that is"!

She quickly turned to me and told me to come quickly and look. I thought she was probably seeing a meteorite or something, until I looked up to see a massive triangular craft hovering not that far from the top of the trees by our house. The object was very dark, with bright white lights, one situated on each of the three corners. It also had a large reddish light in the center, with at least two other white lights on one side. It appeared that these lights flashed intermittently, like a strobe light set at a low speed. 

What was most astounding to us was that the craft was completely silent. I was in disbelief that something that large and close would not make any sound. Within a few seconds, the object started moving very slowly away from us towards the Northeast, and eventually disappeared past the trees in the distance.

I attempted to make a video of the craft, and based on what I was seeing on my i-phone, it appeared that I was not able to capture anything. Later, I downloaded the video to our computer, and was amazed to see that the flashing lights were visible! I will include the video with this report.

My wife and I are well educated, and do not use any illegal drugs or alcohol. What we saw was so incredible that we stayed up most of the night talking about it. It was not any kind of plane I know of. I even looked up videos of stealth bombers at night, and there is no comparison to what we saw. My wife is scared because it was such a bizarre thing to see. I felt so exhilarated by the experience that I am awake at 2:00 am submitting this report, and I have to wake up early tomorrow for work. I cannot explain what it is that we witnessed, but I will never forget it. I also plan to research this topic extensively from this point on!
