{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-08-30 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468178","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5990,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/178/mufon-5468178.json","updb_database_id":5468178}
Lost time for almost two and a half hours walking across a field just after 3am

Forty years have passed since this event happened, and although I'm not normally inclined to remember dates and times, I remember the specifics much like people remember the moment they heard JFK was assassinated, only this was around the time Elvis had died. I was ten years old, and devastated. I had a dream of meeting him, listened to his records religiously, and, ironically, heard that he passed away a day before my eleventh birthday.

I grew up on five acres of land well out of town that my parents had sub-divided into two lots. The property line was visible as a shallow ditch across an open field and a cement path joined the two properties together cutting across the field directly from our driveway and the mobile home on the other property. My grandparents lived in the mobile home for a few years before returning to the U.S., at which point it was then purchased by a friend of my father's who had a daughter around my age. We became fast friends and the path between our homes put us at each other's doors within minutes.

The night in question my friend asked me to spend the evening at her home. Her parents were out for the night, she was alone, and we planned on staying up all night to watch the Elvis movie marathon in honor of his memory. We had snacks and the entire living room was well set up as our personal movie theater. I remember looking up at the star shaped clock over the television thinking I was getting tired. It was 3 am exactly, and then, as if on cue, the power went out. 

At first the darkness was an added sleepover thrill..for about thirty seconds. Out in the country when the power goes out it is very very dark, and we both quickly tried to find a candle or a flashlight. Then came knocking. Knocking on the roof. Knocking on the walls outside. My friend and I stopped giggling and started wondering if someone was trying to scare us as a prank. It was working. And then, as quickly as the power went out it came back on. I looked at the battery operated clock and it was now 3:05 am. The knocking stopped and we concluded it must have been the wind. My friend decided she was going to bed and I decided I was going home. I still look back at that moment and ponder my selfishness leaving her alone in the trailer to go to my own home across the field. She was still scared and wanted me to stay in case the power went off again, yet I was determined to leave. I was a silly selfish young girl with my own bed on my mind.

The walk from her house to mine, across the open field, as earlier mentioned should take but a minute or two. It was a clear night with a warm breeze and I always looked up back then to see the multitude of stars we were able to enjoy without the light pollution of the city. This night was no different. A beautiful blanket of stars. As I approached the property line where the path crossed the ditch I noticed something strange. Suddenly everything was crisp and clear as if it were daytime, only, black and white. I stopped for a second to look at some trees to my right and noted that I could see the pine needles clearly as well as the tire swing that should have been hidden in shadows. I felt like I was in a black and white movie and I wondered if I was witnessing some bizarre Northern Lights. I looked up.

My next memory is standing in front of our back porch door at my home. The sun was shining. Birds were singing. The door was locked so I knocked for quite a while until my angry, half asleep mother opened the door. I was confused and silent while she berated me for waking up the household at this ungodly hour. I told her the power went out but it sounded silly given the daylight and my mother was not impressed. She marched me into the kitchen where our white battery powered clock, shaped like a chicken, perched and demanded if I knew what time it was. I stared at the clock for a long time unable to speak. It was clearly 5:25 am. I had left my friends house at 3:15 am. I could not wrap my brain around it. I still can't. Not really. Which I suppose is why after forty years I'm sharing my story and have spent the bulk of my adult life quietly looking for answers.

After that night I suffered from insomnia up until my late teens. I had nightmares, two of which were re-occurring involving a small fleet of flying discs over our house and a small square-headed man with a tiny body approaching me while I'm frozen in fear standing in our field. The grass blowing in the wind. In black and white. Like an old movie. My mother took me to specialists to try to solve the constant ringing in my ears, but no doctors could find a reason for this, or for the things that visited me in the night making sleep impossible.

Ultimately the experience led to other, more meaningful experiences that put me on a spiritual quest and a need to try understand all things that make no sense. I believe in a Higher Power and the unconditional love that silences fear. I believe there are vast levels of understanding and worlds, and our experiences here on this planet are but a fraction of the bigger picture. I believe some things happen for a reason. I believe some things just happen. I'm not sure if what I experienced is the former or the latter, but in the spirit of the former, I decided to share my story.
