{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-13 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526178","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29527","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/178/mufon-5526178.json","updb_database_id":5526178}
Very bright white light low over Saginaw Bay

I was in my living room watching movies when I noticed a light shinning so brightly I could see it through the closed blinds. I went outside to take a look at what was causing the bright light and I took binoculars with me, I live directly on the water of Saginaw Bay. Through the binoculars the object appeared as a large white light with blue light sometimes flashing erratically around the bottom. This made me think it was a Coast Guard or law enforcement ship of some kind, I thought they may be arresting some drunken night boaters perhaps. This light would randomly flash very brightly, and appeared to be directional. It was so bright at times it illuminated the tops of our boats sitting on the beach, and this object seemed to be at least a mile away. Then thought maybe this was a search light and they are looking for a ship that's in trouble. The object faded to a dark orange/amber color and headed out into the bay while still randomly becoming bright white, sometimes only for a moment, sometimes for a few seconds. It appeared as sometimes white sometimes red small dot and began moving back towards land then out into the bay again still flashing brightly occasionally as if on a dimmer switch. At this point it moved back out into the bay again but at a very high speed, much faster than any boat of any kind. This is when I realized it was not any kind of boat or ship that I was aware of and I now thought it may be a helicopter. I went to wake up my Father after I realized it wasn't a seafaring vessel of any kind. As he came outside to look at it I saw if fade until it disappeared through the binoculars as it headed north into the bay. After it faded away and I took my binoculars away from my eyes and saw a helicopter coming from the Bay City area out into the Saginaw Bay and towards where the object had been. When the helicopter neared the general area of where the object seemed to disappear it appeared to begin to search the area for several minutes. The helicopter seemed to be just south of where the object faded away. Then the helicopter flew quickly north, turned around and came back near the first area they searched. The helicopter seemed to search a few more minutes and then headed east. This helicopter was obviously different from the other object. The helicopter had a white light in the front and a red blinking tail light, I could also hear the helicopter as it flew south after it quickly headed north. I heard no sound coming from the UFO or maybe USO. It was very low to the horizon and appeared to be at least a mile away. Someone in the Sebawaing area may have been able to see what it was more closely. It could have been a helicopter with strange lights I've never seen before but it was obviously different from the helicopter that came after it.
