{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492423","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67115","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2563,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/423/mufon-5492423.json","updb_database_id":5492423}
{rjl} Witnessed 13 glowing orbs flying single file low, shot up moving around in sky, 3 made v formation.Also saw plane kind of appear.

It was 4th of July about 10:30 p.m. I was with two of my friends we had finished up setting off fireworks for the night. My one friend and I we're sitting outside under the canopy when her and I both noticed something glowing in the sky moving rapidly at the same moment. I was seeing one orb behind her from where I was sitting and she was seeing one passing on the other side of the canopy. We both jumped up to see what it was and as we did we started counting. We were counting 1 or after another coming from the southern direction single file, flying north Northwest and gaining altitude as they traveled. The very last one came 2-3 minutes after the other 12 we saw.None of them made any sound, and they almost seemed translucent. While they were in single file they were very low I would guess a hundred feet above the treetops moving rapidly, after that they shot very high in the sky. They kind of danced around and then three of them formed a triangle formation then we watch the triangle turn directions but still in the same place in the sky. We observed this for about 15 to 20 minutes before one by one they all just disappeared high in the sky. One thing that was very strange was we saw a plane come out of nowhere it seemed, it was a very large aircraft the size of a commercial airliner and was lower than the line of pine trees at the property line! the lights on the front of it appeared to shine through the trees then the plane ascended into the sky in a s, sw direction where one of the orbs look like it went directly underneath the plane from the front. That same night we saw similar reports on UFO sights in the area, and the next day we called the local airports no pilots have reported seeing anything unusual. One woman we spoke to ended up telling us about her report of orbs in New York in the sixties though.
