{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496423","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62974","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/423/mufon-5496423.json","updb_database_id":5496423}
{cak} Orb appears while talking with friends ejects other orbs drops flames absorbs them and zaps away

One night while at a friends we brought up the issue of ufos, I made a quick joke and my friend insured me that I would see one that night. As he said that another friend which lives about a block away called me to stop by his house and discuss things, pretty much hang out. Right as I get there we find ourselves in his backyard talking about ufos, entities, and the universe with his younger brother. As we are discussing his younger brother switches the subject not even a sentence or two in the conversation his brother stops in awe and we spot a orange orb some what switching colors and moving across the sky we look at eachother trying to deny the fact that it is there at the same time we comfired it to be a ufo it stopped almost like they heard us. It sits there for a minute or two and just spirals out to a triangle in other words this one orb let out two other orbs in a perfect spiral to the point that we can see the spiral trail. While the triangle stood there it started ejecting what seemed like fireballs to the ground and absorbing them from the distance we were at we could hear the fireballs flaring it was strange. At this point I pull out my phone and try to record the sighting. I stood there taking a good five to seven pictures and recorded about three to four videos. It stops exhaling and inhaling fireballs and spirals back to one orb, it hovers about for a few seconds does a small z and zaps out of the sky to what I'm assuming is a portal right when it disappeared we heard a small sonic boom and seen the trail it left behind. This is were I think this sighting was being watched by not just us but by the government. Right after this happened we realized that we were there for more than seven to eight minutes we run inside to inform everyone who was awake and show them the pictures and videos right as I show my friends brother, sister and his mom the pictures they begin to delete and blackout I was left with two videos that were being played with on my phone in front of my eyes. I felt like sharing this story to people that would actually listen and can relate to this phenomena. I feel that you guys have the right equipment to verify the video I have to be real. If you pause at 1-3 seconds you can see a single orb. At 9-10 seconds you can see the triangle spitting fire and an additional maroon orb which the camera caught.
