{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-06-13 23:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482423","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77537","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3356,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/423/mufon-5482423.json","updb_database_id":5482423}
{dr}My mom started the car a large circular flying aircraft flew from the direction where the Mohegan Sun country club is now and then stopped right above our car and just hovered, it seemed like forever.

I was between the age of 8-9yrs old, I still remember it as if it had just happened. When I used to go to my grandma1s farm in Baltic, CT during the summer. My family would help on the farm and stay till late and then my mom would drive my sisters and me home. One night, she parked her car along my grandma1s long driveway about 17 yards away from the house and where there was no lighting, because my aunts and uncles had taken up the parking spaces closer to the house. Just as she started the car a large circular flying aircraft flew from the direction where the Mohegan Sun country club is now and then stopped right above our car and just hovered, it seemed like forever. 
My sisters and I never told anyone for fear they would call us crazy or just wouldn't believe us because of our age at the time, but are mom was the one who noticed it 1st as she seen it flying toward us and told us to get down on the floor so they don't see us, but as I crouched down I couldn't help to look. Remember being scared and amazed at how huge it was and all the lights going around the edge of it. I honestly thought it was cool as I watched it. My mom looked terrified. I don't know how long exactly it lasted but it stayed there for quite some time. 
I am telling my story now, in hopes to see if anyone back then seen anything similar like us. Given my age that would be between 1978-1979 
(telling my age, lol) 
But anyhow back to what happened. I didn't fall asleep but for the life of me I think we lost some time cus the next thing I remember was standing outside the car a little further down the driveway near my grandma1s barn going towards the woods and seeing a glowing whitish person walking towards me and then being back in my mom1s car and watching it fly off very fast in the direction towards downtown Baltic like it was flying in a southeastern direction. I don't recall how I got out the car or getting back in to be honest or the length of time it all was but it felt like hours had gone by. And my family never wanted to talk about it.
I have always wondered about the lost time but shrugged it off. Questioning if what I remembered truly happened? But now I'm a little nervous seeing articles and videos where some people have under gone past life regression and had a similar experience of lost time and found out that they had been abducted. I'm not saying my life been peaches n cream but that would scare the life out of me to find that out. I'm undecided what to do. Hopefully someone will see this post and has had a similar sighting.
