{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-20 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481423","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78592","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/423/mufon-5481423.json","updb_database_id":5481423}
Over 10 white lights in the sky, moving in groups of 3 forming shapes, getting closer and further

I live in southern Spain. 

Last night, me and my family were chilling outside our cottage, when at around 23:45 (local time), we saw a group of approx. 10 white lights (just like stars), blinking, moving and grouping in the sky. They started to form shapes, first a big circle then a vertical line and then a strange symbol like a question mark.

They moved in groups of 3 and were constantly blinking. During this entire exhibition we could see how the lights got closer and further to us at a fast speed, then something similar to a bright red shooting star crossed the area leaving a red trail. Finally, the lights started to fade until they disappeared, all this lasted for 30 minutes or so, we called our friends and were shaking all the time.

10 minutes after they disappeared, some aircrafts started to overfly the area, coming from different angles but all of them going to the same spot, one every couple of minutes, which is completely unusual. 

We are all pretty sceptics with these things but when this happened, we were shaking, it was the most incredible thing we ever saw and we can1t find an explanation. I1ve searched a lot but couldn1t find anything, I found some tweets from people that may have seen the same at the same time, but just a couple and that1s all1

We1ve read about satellite lights and it1s definitely NOT that. 

Our first thought was that it could be some drone exhibition or tests but everything that happened around it was just too weird (the red shooting star, all the aircrafts flying the area after the lights disappeared1).

Tried to record this and take some pictures we didn1t have any proper equipment and our phones wouldn1t show it.
