{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-04-21 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548423","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10462","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/423/mufon-5548423.json","updb_database_id":5548423}
2 sightings approx 5-10 minutes apart.

My friend and I had went out to an empty parking lot for the biking trail next to the extrance for the Suncoast Parkway on US 98 at the Citrus/Hernando County Border with our telescopes. We were looking at Saturn and it's moons, Orion, and several other celestial bodies. The first sighting was when I was looking in the telescope and picked up a bright sphere looking object moving quickly through my field of vision, I grabbed the telescope and tracked the object by hand. The object was not visible to the naked eye. I tracked the object moving from the East to West. When I picked up the object, It was maybe 30 -40 degrees above the East horizon and it moved out of view on the west horizon in approx 30-45 secs. Approx 5-10 minutes later, I saw a similar looking object, a solid lit bright sphere shaped object this time coming from the N/NE sky moving SE at a very rapid speed. There were a few planes in the sky and this was moving significantly faster than the low and high flying planes we could see. This object also did not strobe like planes lights do. This time the object was also visible to the naked eye. My friend and I watched the object for 15-20 secs, then my friend ran to grab his binoculars from his car. As he came back and lifted the binoculars, the object became dark and went out of sight. He was on the phone with his wife at the time also, so once he gets his phone bill, we can check on the exact time that we saw the objects. We both had written it off as satellites or space junk that we saw, but this morning, I read that there were sightings in Florida last night in an area of the state NE of where we were. We were both very excited last night after our sightings. Somewhat nervous though now after reading about the sightings in Arizona and Florida last night. I have had other sightings and have pics of an "object" that seemed to be hovering around for 10-15 minutes a few years ago in the same area as the sighting last night.
