{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-05 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500423","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4078,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/423/mufon-5500423.json","updb_database_id":5500423}
4 sightings in just over an hour

Hello my name is [Name removed/cms/tg]. I live in the small town of South Alton just outside Kentville Nova Scotia. At approximately110:30pmTuesday Augest 5th 2014. I was outside having a smoke when I had looked up and noticed two bright stars. But immediately realized that one of them was moving. It then began to pick up speed, slow down then pick up again and did not fly in a straight line. It seemingly... to describe its flight path the best I can... It looked like a marble rolling through the sky with (parden me) a ever so slightly, humping like motion to it. It flew directly towards a commercial airline. It flew to be about two finger widths from it. The commercial aircraft kept its speed and flight path, blinkin in normal sequence as if it had no clue this ball of light was that close to it.

When the light got to within an inch of it. It nearly stopped as the plane passed then it picked up speed and flew off to where I could not see it anymore over the horizon through the tree's. I at this time I had become mesmerized, grabbed a jacket and came back out to observe the sky more thoroughly. 1I had in about a 15 minute span seen two more bright looking "stars" fly across the sky like rolling (humping) marbles. These three "star" like objects moved through the sky with finesse and never blinked a light. They each stayed one consistent ball of light the entire time visable to me. The first two started at different spots in the sky, but flew to the same direction before losing sight of them. The third had flew in a completely different direction.

This was just the beginning. As I walked further into my pitch black back yard to view a different section of the sky. I was looking up at a (no kidding) fairly high in the sky, a triangular formation. Three stars. But the front "star" (I called it) was twice as bright and had a pale blue tinge to it. As I stared at this formation. I clearly was noticing the brighter one was legit dancing and changing the shape of the triangle. If you were to hold a Sharpie marker up into the sky. That brighter front "star" was moving the width of that Sharpie. Upto a centimeter at times. 1I stared at it for almost a half hour. Then realized that when the front "star" shifted left.. the bottom right "star" or light would slightly tuck up. And then vise versa. Im not sure if you can make much sense of that. But it seemingly appeared as one full triangular object that kept the rear more stationary and the front more mobile.1 Even stranger that what we call "shooting stars." I seen two of them streak for about 3 inches through the sky within a hand with of the triangle.

At first it just looked like the brighter "star" was just hovering and trying to stay in a triangle formation with two parallel stars. I'll agree to a polygraph examination and clearly pass with flying colors. I find it incredible what I had seen. This IS NOT the first "UfO" sighting I have seen, they started when I was about 27. Never seen a craft. Just lights move in peculiar ways at night. I do not abuse drugs and would agree to a blood test even. I was completely sober Tuesday Augest 3rd 2014.1There was something strange going on in the skies over Nova Scotia that has no scientific or natural explanation. If there is... I need it... ASAP. Thank you for your time. I hope to hear back from MUFON someone soon.1111

Thanks.

[Name, Email, and Phone number removed/cms/tg]
