{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-08-20 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283423","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120016","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2292,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/423/mufon-5283423.json","updb_database_id":5283423}
A bright orange dumbbell

I can't remember the exact date, but it was around summer 1977 or 1978 when I was about 14 or 15. At the time I was really interested in astronomy so I was out trying to identify the constellations. It was a very clear starlit night and we were on the promenade in Port Erin looking out over the bay. I was with my younger sister and a friend. I noticed an orange dumbbell shape moving about in the sky. It's difficult to say what size it was, but it was probably at about the height of a light aircraft. It moved in a straight line, then it would stop and a few seconds later would move off in a different direction, so it ended up doing a zigzag around the sky. On many of its stops it would shoot out what I thought was a long silver rod which was a few times longer than the object itself. The rod looked solid. Then the rod would disappear and it would move off in the opposite direction from where the rod had poked out. I now realise many years later that this 'rod' was probably some kind of laser beam.  Its speed was constant when it ws moving - no speeding up or slowing down.

After a few minutes of watching this we saw a about three people come out of a pub further down the prom and watch it too so we weren't imagining it After at least ten minutes it flew inland over the island and disappeared. We rushed inside and told my mum and grandmother that we'd just seen a UFO, and the response was "you can't have done as there's no such thing as UFOs"!

I've searched and searched but never found any other UFO sighting with this particular shape of object - or colour. I'm glad of the opportunity of finally being able to register my sighting somewhere.
