{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-05-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465423","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4416,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/423/mufon-5465423.json","updb_database_id":5465423}
{jpg} Appeared as a light in the distance at first. Passed over our position and we all talked about what we were seeing to each other.It is imprinted in my memory to this day. I went into aircraft because of it.

In 1983 me and two friends were going catfish fishing at Lake Silverwood. We were off road going to the south side of the lake and entered by the north side by the Dam. We were on a switch back and as we came around a curve our view was NE looking out over the valley and saw a bright white light way out in the distance many miles away. When I was finally able to google it , it was coming from Area 51. When we came around the next curve on the switch back it was just about on top of us. My buddy yelled stop and turn off you engine my cousin had a UFO burn out his electrical system on his car. I did and turned off my lights too. We jump out of my 4x4 and the 3 of us stood in front of my truck and were all looking at this thing as it came towards us. We noticed that the light was on the bottom of the object and it was huge. The front of it looked like a wrap around sunglasses. We were able to see into it and counted that it was 4 decks thick. We were all talking to each other what we were seeing. We could see columns from deck to deck on the most upper deck we could see humanoid figures moving about. We were like saying thing like look at the guy looking out is he driving it or what. It look as if someone was shining a light up at it like the one that was seen in China. As it continued to pass directly over us it blacked out a good portion of the sky. Everything around us seemed to be crackling I could feel my insides humming . Thinking of it now I'm glad I turned off my truck. As we were looking at the back of the craft there were four boxes that were louvered and shimmered like a road on a hot summer day. The boxes looked like a tv when there's no channels on, Black and grey from top to bottom of the craft. I had heard of small flying wings being seen on the Hudson in NY around the same time. This came to me later on in life 4 decks thick 4 boxes16 smaller craft would fit in this no problem. I worked in aircraft after this and was in the worlds largest building by volume in Everett Wa. It wouldn't fit in there, the ceiling would collapse with all the structure having to be removed to fit it. That's how large this craft was. Also later on in life the Phoenix lights happened. Yep now we're getting there but what we saw was larger. I'm telling this story now and can still see it in my minds eye. It changed my life in many ways even what I went to as a career, Aircraft Structures Final assembly. Did the B-1-B bomber and all three aircraft that was built at the Everett facility. The direction I figured it was going was towards Norton AFB were I have heard there is a mountain that has hanger doors in it. Maybe that's were it was going who knows. We got back in the truck and continued on our way to go fishing, talking about how weird that was and only the three of us would believe it. I had told people after it had happened . I was working electronics industry at the time with inventors and physicist and it was like I was telling a lie. It hurt because I know what I saw or what I was shown. With the information I have today with the Phoenix light and the picture of the craft that was seen over the airport in China I would like to know what they would think of what I had told them I saw now. It had happened after my Mom had died and that makes me wonder sometimes could it have been her in there showing me something that was life changing for it did put me on the path to the aircraft industry. I've always wanted to tell Mufon this story and hope it helps someone else come forward. I retired from aircraft now and have finally gotten this off my chest.
