{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-16 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526067","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29641","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5261,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/067/mufon-5526067.json","updb_database_id":5526067}
Multiple UFOs, ETs and missing time in SE Missouri mountains

I am the Assistant State Director for Missouri MUFON, and a Start Team Investigator. The person with me was a Star Team investigator for Kansas MUFON. We had a spectacular UFO sighting, missing time, and possible abduction while on the last leg of our trip from Kansas City to Piedmont, MO, located in the SE corner of Missouri in Wayne County. 

The duration of the trip should have been six hours according to my GPS. With stops taken into consideration, we should have arrived at 8:30 p.m., but we arrived at our destination at 10:37 p.m., so we had over an hour of missing time. We cannot account for the missing time. I had mapped out a route using Map Quest, and used GPS, however, the GPS quit working and my passenger, who was a tactical driver for the Army, took over navigation. Somehow he got confused and ended up directing me to drive far to the east side of the state. 

As I was driving South on 67 Highway past Farmington at the very South edge of Francious County, I noticed a bright object in the sky to the East. The object appeared to be three very bright lights in a triangular pattern. It was approximately the size of a large pea held at arms length. The object was much brighter than any planet (5 x brighter than Venus) and was bluish/white in color. It was at approximately 50 degrees off the horizon and ENE of our position. It appeared to get larger and clearer as I watched it. I also had an uneasy feeling, which started before I saw the object. 

I asked my passenger (also a MUFON investigator) to take a look at the object, so he opened the sunroof of my SUV and watched it. He said the object moved to the north, and when I looked it was gone from the east. He watched several shooting objects without tails moving from West to Northeast, but not behaving like shooting stars. He said "Oh No," and I asked "What?" and he said, those are not shooting stars. Then three long white lights appeared, moving very fast from a NE to SW direction. The first triangular object appeared and disappeared three times. These objects moved around the sky for approximately fifteen minutes. The skies clouded over and we lost sight of the objects. We were both very uneasy about the entire sighting, and thought it was coincidental that this occurred while we were on our way to the Piedmont UFO Festival where I was speaking. We arrived at our destination over an hour later than we should have, so we have over an hour of missing time. 

When we finally arrived at the home of the woman who was sponsoring the festival we entered the house and I asked to use her restroom which was located at the end of the hall. While in the bathroom I saw someone looking in the window in the back. I then asked our host if she had any neighbors who might be looking in the window and she said that was impossible since the window was two stories off the ground in the back of the house. I realized at that moment that I had just seen a grey extraterrestrial rather than a person. 

The next day we attended the festival and had a MO MUFON booth set up. State Director Debbie Ziegelmeyer met us there and helped attend the booth. While at the event, my computer, which contained the power point presentation on UFO sightings in Missouri, was stolen from my locked vehicle. It has since reappeared in my house on my dining room table, minus the power point presentation I was going to use and another one on a different UFO case. The laptop was not there last night, but was this morning. I am absolutely positive it was in my vehicle, since we discussed taking it inside on the first day of the event (Friday), but I said no since I didn't need it until Saturday, and moved it to a different spot in the back seat.

Also notable: We had some paranormal events happen at the house we were staying at in Piedmont, which consisted of scratching and banging noises on the outside of the house and a glass breaking sound inside the house, which two of us heard from different rooms, as well as some objects moved to different locations. I had a strange dream about being abducted and restrained on a UFO, but that may be just a dream given the circumstances. 

Attached are Google Earth pictures with the location of the first sighting noted and the location of our destination. Note that East of our first position where the first UFO was spotted is the Mississippi River.
