{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-25 23:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504067","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/067/mufon-5504067.json","updb_database_id":5504067}
Came over my house while out looking at the stars. I saw it in high visible detail. It was beautiful to see but left frightened because its not supposed to be there or in my world kind of a feeling much more but ....

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? 

Went outside at night around 11 pm to have a smoke and look at the stars.

2. What made you first notice the object?

I was looking straight up at the zenith and my eyes were suddenly flooded full of an orange yellow light that freaked me out. If you can imagine one instant I am looking up and all calm enjoying the spectacle of it all and then... WHAT??? ??? CONFUSION ??? I don't know, just a real dumb feeling of inadequacy. The sky went from dark blue to a yellow orange as the object appeared from over the trees coming from the west going east. It flooded my whole vision just a big old fat yellow orange blur because it was right over top of me.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

As I said confused because at first it was all to blurry and that might have been from the shock but it became clear as it moved a little to the east and that was about one and a half seconds and then my mind saw it as clear as a bell and I felt like Hoooolllly cow what the hell is this? Well I knew but it took a couple of weeks to convince myself yup that was nothing from this planet. Yes I was immediately sure but then how can that be... again confusion because hell I never believed this stuff so my brain kind of went into doubt land even though there it was right up there in front of me.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.

I searched the Internet to see if I could find a similar object and I did on YouTube although its blurry on Youtube I have the advantage because I saw it in clear detail but what you see on Youtube is VERY! similar. 
[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

Okay first off I want to say it was one beautiful ship to see at night okay anyways... It looked like a flying disk brake in its general appearance minus all the details and remember I am almost right underneath it and as it was heading east I saw more of its sides and back end. Okay underneath the ship when it was basically almost right over top of me it had many circles and smaller and smaller circles to the center. In between these circled lines where small pyramid shapes mathematically precise again all the way to the center following the circles with no space in between really. This was all lit up in a yellow orange ummm energy type feeling to it. It wasn't all that bright meaning you did not have to shield your eyes or anything but bright none the less. Oh god this is hard to explain... it looked like char briquettes at night in your barbecue and the pyramid shapes and circles were a bit darker and the light shone out between these shapes. I don't remember anything else as it was happening pretty fast but I guess from memory it was all framed with the ship. So lets say a three foot circles in circumference and a six inch frame. 

The sides I didn't pay much attention to except it looked very much like what you see in the movies of ships like in star wars or something... can anyone really explain the sides of the ships you saw in the movies either but we remember they were gray and a bunch of shapes and technical. Thats what I saw but the thing that stood out the most was tubular shapes coming out and back into the ship and they were in different sizes but after that I can't recall because I was mostly focused on the back of the ship after that and thats when it got real beautiful. Okay now its heading east and we are now around 4 or 5 seconds after seeing it so now I see the back and the sides. 

Now I will address the glow and the back as it starts to go more and more away from me. It did not have a glow per-say it had flames of energy around the whole ship but it was not static kind of thing it was random like candle flame hmmm thats still not a good description really. Oh boy I can see it in my mind from memory but hard to explain. It wasn't a glow but more of an energy type thing and would put out all these little flames like the sun does and then disappears and another is generated but all over the ship randomly... ahhh hard to explain but that explains the glow I saw as it got further and further away. It was just a simple orange glowing nite light ilumination disk when it got closer to the horizon. Just an orange simple disk shape and then disappeared as it got to far away to see anylonger and it was gone.

Now for the best part for me, the back end as it went towards the east. There was kind of a square shape at the back of the ship with technical little shapes around the square, can't recall it exactly but here is what was so beautiful. Think of those lava lamps where the oil slowly moves to the top and drops those globs of coloured shapes repeating and repeating this action ah hell you have all seen those lava lamps before. Okay now stick about six of those lamps on the back of the ship onto the square take away the glass and the water and thats what I saw. Now speed up the globs about four times and each globular piece was in different sizes and the globs were in these beautiful neon colours and as they went away from the ship they just disappeared on an endless loop of more and more globs but the dominant colour was neon yellow with a ting of green but that was really something to see. Then as I was watching that come out of the back of the ship it just quickly went towards the horizon and just a glow of a disk and disappeared. But those colours coming out the back were for me was something to see and all I can say is maybe all the energy around the ship pooled thes but not sure.

Anyways it came over and never made a sound and it kept a straight line and headed to the horizon and then disappeared out of sight.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

Well this part is personal but okay if it helps... Well after seeing it I was walking around not saying anything and was just dumbfounded. Ahhh I don't want to say to much but it took me a while to admit to myself I saw it. It was if my brain could not deal with what had happened to me. Yes I went through a lot actually. For Gods sake this changed my view of my existence on this planet, my perspective everything is a little weird but over time I am feeling a bit better... kind of. I am happy I saw it and I curse that I saw it. Well there's a lot but you will probably think I'm weird so will leave it at that. Also my wife looks at me differently now and my kids say they believe me but I can tell they think I am nuts. See to personal.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
It just like I said disappeared like any plane going towards the horizon except this is a glowing disk that got duller and duller very fast and disappeared very fast but kept a straight line.
