{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-14 21:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488067","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71583","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4753,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/067/mufon-5488067.json","updb_database_id":5488067}
{cak} Life Changing.

At 30 Seconds you'll see the 1st of a series of Flashes that are about 3 to 5 miles away from me at the time. Unfortunately the camera didn't pick up what I witnessed before then, which I can only explain as a Massive Flying Object that looked like a Mini Universe Flying through Brooklyn NY Air space right before Sunset on June 14th, 2014 At the time I 1st Noticed it again, after grabbing my phone It was flying from the North to the South over the Verrazano Bridge out towards the Atlantic Ocean. There was a Center White Glowing Orb of light about the size of the Moon but in our Atmosphere say about 40,000 feet with 2 Smaller Orbs of light 1 green and 1 red circling around the larger White Orb, so fast that the appeared to be "twinkling in circles around it" Almost Like ant Atom or Solar system in addition to that there was many (too many to count) of what looked liked tiny sparkling Stars taking up MILES of Air Space and ALL moving in time with the White Orb at the Center While the red and Green Moved around the White Orb. At that point I ran to get my cell to record (maybe 20 seconds had past) by time the video starts at which point it was 3 Miles Away Between Gravesend Bay and Coney Island Seagate Area over the Atlantic. Right after I say dare(there) it is (please excuse the Brooklyn Accent) The Light you see flashing Covers about 3 to 5 Miles or so in about 3 Seconds (Distance of the sky between the 2 Tree's is easily 10 Miles) while flying up into this "Universe like craft" I described and Disappearing. I know this Sounds crazy But it did Happen. The original Video is over 3 Minutes Long, this is Edited Version but only the Time. I think the Camera did pick up some of those twinkling Stars right before the main blinking white light but You Decide. A guess in size between the sparkling stars from one end to the other was SERIOUSLY a good 5 to 10 Miles and Believe the Center White, Green and Red Orbs where Obstructed by the Tree to the Right the light and Distance. I still can't believe Tens of thousands of People didn't see and record this Event considering the Millions it literally flew over Blinking a 4th of July Show at Sunset?!?!?!? And often wondered if the Sunset, time of year (a week before Summer Solstice) Made this Visible to me. Over a year has past and still haven't Seen anyone else out there with Evidence of this Major Event Over NYC?!?!? Are we all really looking down at our phones THAT MUCH!! Also I did notice the Jet you See flying over the Chimney on the center right of video which was West to East and normally Dropping in Altitude to Land at one of NYC's Airports and right over my house, completely change direction so maybe something was picked up on Radar or maybe that Pilot Witnessed It. You can also use that Jet which is moving at a couple of hundred MPH to judge the speed of the flashing light as they were flying at basically the same altitudes or 10k above. In addition for several days after there was Very Large Black Helicopter with Black Windows and a very powerful engine flying in the area of this Event, it hasn't been seen since and I believe they are Somehow linked. Please excuse the lines of my Window Screen as I didn't think to remove it at the time. Honestly Folks my Mind was having a Hard Time Processing what I was seeing, sheer size and speeds defied all Human Logic and am actually proud of myself for breaking away to get the phone as I was Having a hard time moving when it was over me. I'll be the 1st to Admit I believe there is Intelligent Life other then us out there and believed that long before this Sighting (which was my 1st) In 40 years of occasional Star Gazing. I'll even admit that I have a theory: 'where there is LIGHT, there is LIFE", meaning: where there is a Star there IS LIFE and Intelligent Life at that in Most if not all. I NOW KNOW THERE IS AND THEY ARE MUCH MORE ADVANCED THEN US! And if I'm wrong and its Our Government then I'm good with that and Nobody Should **** with us cause this was SICK TECHNOLOGY!!! Truth!
