{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-17 20:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548067","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4857,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/067/mufon-5548067.json","updb_database_id":5548067}
Moved WSW toward star, made quick u-turn, headed ENE, rose high, faded out

8.43 pm wed 09/17/08

Leesburg, GA 

  It lasted about 1.5 minutes. It was a mostly clear sky. We were standing in the back yard in the cool of the night. My wife saw it first and pointed it out to the rest of us. I grabbed the binoculars and camera and stand. I was the first to observe it through the binoculars as it made the quick u-turn from it1s movement toward the west southwest back toward the east northeast that it had come from. I noticed that it seemed to have a cylindrical or cigar shaped part to it in front of the light that seemed to reflect a small amount of the light that it emitted, enough to see that there was more to it than just a light. I then passed the binoculars to my son-in-law while I tried to take a picture of it. I could not get the stand set up fast enough to take a steady picture of it, so I took one picture as steady as I could hold it, as it was moving away fairly fast while my son-in-law Chris watched it through the binoculars. 
  It seemed it was heading west southwest toward the bright star [or planet] that is in the south-central sky [we believe that it is Jupiter]. It was brighter than this bright star [planet], a mostly bright white light, but it gradually lost it1s brightness as it moved away after making the quick u-turn back toward the east northeast and traveling a bit. Through binoculars it had an ember1s reddish tint to it once it began to disappear. 
  At first it headed toward the star/planet [from our point of view], then made a quick u-turn and headed in the opposite direction- east northeast. It appeared to be going upward as it went away, becoming smaller and dimmer. Chris watched it as it disappeared, stating that it had an ember1s glow as it disappeared. It traveled fast enough that I could not get another picture of it before it had faded so much that I could no longer see it in the view-screen of my digital camera. 
  It was exciting, as usual, when you see something such as this, but not scary, as we have seen things like this many times for many years. This is the first time making an actual report on what I or we have seen. I always thought that I would be persecuted too much for it and did not want to put my family through that. 
  This time I felt that I should do something about it instead of letting it go as before, just in case it was something more like a terrorist1s scoping out our homeland. So, I looked up on the internet 1how to report a UFO1 and the site I chose said to call the local authorities first, as they are required to take a report on UFOs. Then they referred me to this sight as well as other reputable sites, as well as giving instructions on how to make a report immediately, so as not to forget anything important.
  I hope this helps in your investigations into these type things. From now on, now that I know what to do, I will report what I see. I have seen things of this sort many times from my youth until now1 some of them closer and easier to see and some of them further away that can only be seen under darker circumstances, many times with other people. If you would like to know of other times, I will be glad to tell you of them. There is a place not too far from here that you can see more amazing things like this on a regular basis, if you would like to know of them so that you can observe them for yourselves.
  I have attached a picture of it in .JPG format in the original size and camera1s 7.2 Mpixel process. I will also send a processed version of it that makes the stars around it, as well as it, more visible, using a simple +100% brightness and +80% contrast. It is the bright light in the middle of the picture. I am also sending a hybrid Yahoo map showing our location and direction of observation and the star/planet mentioned and the 2 directions of the object as we saw it. Use them as you see fit.
