{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-11 10:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470067","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90436","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2598,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/067/mufon-5470067.json","updb_database_id":5470067}
Transparent object hovering then travelled became a star like and disappeared

It was time of a work break in the morning and it was clear out side and sun Shining. we had gone out to the south side of the building . Work partner and me. 
wind was blowing from south about 25 KM hour.

As usual i look to the sky for things. 

suddenly I seen an object that was visible to me eyes and it looked like oscillating and changing shape slightly. it looked smei transparent but I could see it up about 30 feet in air. It was small though maybe 6 to 12 inches. 

I asked my partner look look . He said yes I see it too. What is it . ? 
he said maybe piece of floating garbage.? I said I dont think so . it was there 15 or 20 seconds above us. 

Then it began to move against the wind to the south at a constand speed more or less. it went over the build to the south. Then it started to glow like a star and it became brighter and brighter even like Venus the planet in the evening sky it then got very bright and then made 2 or 3 circles pattern and speed in speed and then disappeared. 

I said to my work partner that no piece of garbage being blown in the wind. He replied "We do not know all things in the world? "

1) object was semi transparent 
2) object warbled and sort of oscillated. 
3) object moved against the wind 
4) traveled above building to the south
5)began to shine like a very bright star
6) rotated 
7) speeded up and disappeared. 
8) during bright morning full clear day. 

I do not know what it was but it seems to me some one was watching me .

I did see something that day and my co worker seen it too. 
regrettably i did not have camera cell phone . it did happen quickly only few minutes. 

this was a genuine event of seeing an object that which was no on our plane of existance far as im concerned. The object seemed to look at me for while. 

I remember this rest of my life as this not seen in my life time before. My witness also verifies what i seen.
