{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-02-01 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290067","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113283","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/067/mufon-5290067.json","updb_database_id":5290067}
Witnessed Triangle shape hovering at tree top level

I have not thought about this night until watching your Netflix series - Hangar 1. Mainly I had no place to report this sighting and no witnesses to corroborate my sighting.

Year: 2003-2005
Time: 1a-2a 
Travel route: Heading west away from Atlanta area towards Powder Springs, GA. Along the East-West Connector hi-way/road.

I had just finished working my work shift around 1am. And I was driving home along the East-West connector. After passing a short stretch of apartment buildings/ shops.. along this route / the road way becomes very dense with foliage and you approach a bank turn to the right. It’s a raised roadway along this stretch of the East-West connector as it passes between two hills with a river below. 

To my left, the hill across the river had been having some construction going on for a few weeks and many of the trees had been cleared away from the top of the hill.

What first caught my eye was the odd triangle shape of this thing that appeared to be at first glance supported. As I continued driving, and the trees have way to open cleared away ground. This triangle object was not supported at all. It was hovering above the few remaining trees on the mostly cleared hill top. On my drive into work earlier that afternoon, there was no structure at all on the hill top that could account for this massive triangle shape object. Having lived and worked in Atlanta for several years I have seen many building crane setups but nothing compared to this object. As at first I thought it was some new type of building crane. It was not until I drove further along the hi-way and my viewing angle passed the few trees and I saw this object floating in the air.

As I was reaching the apex of the turn to the right. I would guess as the bird flies - my closest distance would be about 1/2 mile of clear line of sight. The lights around the object one at each corner, were focused not out away from the object but were instead directed underneath the triangle object. As if it was observing something that caught its attention on the ground directly underneath it. 

It was the positioning of the angle of the objects lights, that allowed me to see, what I can only call as rivet/bolt line of what looked like a seam on large panels. (Much like you would see on older ocean going ships) . It was at that moment, the thought that came to me was this was not an alien UFO but more of a man-made UFO. As to what purpose of this object could be used for? No idea. There was no dome shape. Just a very flat triangle floating object. On my drive back into work the next afternoon- the object was gone and mostly cleared hilltop was all that remained. 

However, as Atlanta does have a military base and nuclear power plant in close proximity to each other. Perhaps Atlanta is/was a hotspot at that time? 

Attached file shows approximate location object was seen. Marked in red. Green arrow shows direction I was driving.
