{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483067","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76872","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10257,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/067/mufon-5483067.json","updb_database_id":5483067}
{nd} Walking at night with friends, clear skies, no obstruction to my overhead view. Saw a green comet/fireball fly at an extremely fast speed across the sky.

I was walking home with 4 friends after a party (I do not, and have never, drink more than one alcoholic beverage. It's just not as appealing to me as it is to others, so no intoxication was involved in this sighting. At most I was hopped up on the entertaining evening I had watching people get foolish at parties). We were walking through a parking lot and I was a few yards behind them texting as we went along when I felt as though there was something closing in behind us. Not a feeling of certainty, but it was as though I sensed something out of the ordinary was nearby and I stopped texting/walking to briefly scan my surroundings to make sure it was just a weird feeling like people say that they have when they just "know"/"feel" that someone is staring at them from behind. I looked behind us and the streaking green comet/fireball shaped UFO was approaching very quickly, faster than I've ever seen an object fly, outside of a possibly a bullet that is. I was not sure if I was seeing something that was there or what so I continued to track the object as it went overhead and then in front of us, figuring that my friends heard me say simply, "Guys...look...what the?". They did not hear my first call to their attention, pay attention and then look where I was pointing fast enough to see it also. The whole sighting lasted 20-30 seconds at the absolute most from the time I first felt like there was something out of the ordinary going on around me to the time at which the object flew so far it was no longer visible behind the skyline/buildings in the distance. I asked a few nearby pedestrians whether or not they caught sight of the object as it streaked past and nobody had seen it, everyone just looked at me like I was crazy. Granted, they were all college aged people who were more than just very likely to be drunk/intoxicated because of all of the Halloween parties going on in the area. So you can assume that their sensory awareness was inhibited to various degrees. I was not very surprised that nobody around me saw it what with everyone being distracted talking with each other and having a good time going to and fro' parties. 

It was an unsettling feeling for two reasons: 1) I had never in my life seen any object move or fly in a manner such as what I was seeing at the time. It was shockingly fast, appeared to be controlled by some form of pilot (the flight path was straight and then made a gentle turn, although at those speeds that is probably an oxymoron, as it was heading out of view), and for seemingly no reason I was able to sense something going on around me when there was no sound from the object at all. 2) I was the only person who saw this fairly large (hard to say just how large due to the brief amount of time, lack of any altitude reference, and the bright green aura/tail which concealed what may or may not have been a flying object), brightly shining (green) object streak right over head. 

At the time of the sighting, I was uncertain what to make of the experience and doubted whether or not it was even a real experience or just an extremely realistic, flat out, unexplained hallucination of the object. So as soon as I arrived home (perhaps 10 or so minutes later) I looked online on a number of different sites to see if anyone in the general area may have seen the object as well. I also made a short post on a Columbus subreddit on reddit.com describing the object and sighting alongside an inquiry as to whether or not I was alone in seeing this. By all the responses (only a few) to the post, I was alone in the sighting. However, the next morning after I continued to periodically check around to see if any new posts about this went up somewhere, I saw one other similar post with a description that left no doubts we had seen the same event, despite our experiences occurring on near opposite sides of the city. It seemed to be only the two of us who saw it and went to the lengths of searching/posting about it on very well known and frequently visited site. I continued to look into it over the next week or so and no new sightings from the area were found anywhere online or in local news stories. 

Because of the strange nature of the experience and the lack of witnesses, I was still unsure of exactly what I had seen and just how real it was. Perhaps someone was simply trolling online and targeted my post, although it seemed rather genuine because he sounded no more enthused or informed than I was (which would undermine the goal of a troll were this to be the case). I contacted an old friend about a week later just to catch up on our lives over the past year or so since we had last seen each other. And in that conversation I mentioned the experience and just how confusing it all was to me still. At first, I had not described the object itself, merely the experience of seeing something strange in the sky above that only one other person seems to have seen or found odd enough to post/search online about, and she did not make the connection. However, after she had agreed it was an extremely odd potentially shared (with the one other person) experience and we were about to change subjects I said something like, "I mean, really...how on Earth did nobody else see a giant green object streak across the sky in such a populated area(s)? How could that happen by mere coincidence...was nobody else paying attention to their surroundings and caught sight of it for even a second out of the corner of their eye or something?!?!" At that moment she paused and asked me to repeat the more specific description of the object itself and a brief silence followed until she told me that she and her roommate at the time also thought they saw the same thing but were indoors at the time and had only a split seconds glance of something streak by their building. They had summed it up to something common flying by that simply appeared to be moving faster than we are used to anything move because of perspective. And the glowing green of the object must have just been a bright green light that their brains singled out on the craft. But after we spoke more in depth on the experience she was near certain she and her roommate had seen the same thing happen nearby where they lived, multiple states away, in upstate New York. Because it was just too odd to be a coincidence, I asked her when exactly it had happened and other basic details being asked for in this very report. She had to confer with her roommate to make sure but it had indeed happened on the same day, same approximate time of day, only it was roughly 30 minutes later than my own sighting. I thought more on the direction the object was headed after making a "gentle" turn and put it all together that the object actually was heading in the general direction that her school was from mine. She confirmed the direction of her split second sighting easily and it was, again, roughly similar to that which I last saw it beginning to head when I lost view. And given that it was moving as fast as it was, 30 minutes difference in time between our sightings is generous. It had to have been closer in time than we initially had approximated it to be, although a more accurate estimate was unable to be determined. I had a specific text that I finished and sent immediately after seeing the object and accepting that I may have had a very disturbing hallucination. Neither she, nor her roommate, had any such reference point for the exact time so we were unable to crunch some numbers to estimate how fast the object may have been traveling at a minimum (were it a straight flight path from me to her, which it definitely was not as I saw it approach from the North, head South, and eventually leave my sight heading approximately Southeast. From there it must have continued its change in heading for the duration of the flight between us if it was in fact the same exact object, which I have little reason to believe otherwise). Regardless, the similarities in experience between the 3 of us were too much to call a coincidence just to put our minds at ease. I was looking for anything to explain why we had this joint experience but there obviously is nothing to explain it whatsoever, especially considering it is likely at least one other person saw the same thing in my area as well.

To sum up: flight path was not straight and did change during the time-frame when I had the object in plain sight (literally no obstructions of view on the flight path for probably 2 more miles at least). It was bright green and extremely fast. Made no sound whatsoever. I felt at the time very confused and unsure of just how secure and sharp my mental faculties were, something which is not often a concern for me. I was the only one to observe the object in my direct vicinity, which is probably not all that strange because of all of the enjoyment I imagine most (if not all...it's Ohio after all and in the student off-campus housing are...it happens), texting, and socializing which was drawing people's attention from their surroundings. I now am firm in the belief I was not hallucinating or imagining the event, as I have determined the same object or at least a near identical object was observed in New York just after I saw it in Ohio. I know exactly which way I was facing when this happened and can determine more exact directional paths if necessary, I just don't want to take the time to do so unless it is of some importance to the issue.
