{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-03 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105106","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3036,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5456484.json","updb_database_id":5456484}
{cak} Three extremely large lights that created a distinct triangle (one object) on a historically preserved farmland in PA.

Driving on [removed address] around August 23rd 2011ish.

A section of this road is straight as an arrow and about a mile long with nothing but cornfields and a few trees on either side given the time of year. Which happens to be historically preserved farmland as well.

Incident:
I was driving while selecting a song via bluetooth (do not do this, I was young) and as I looked down to select a song, I immediately realized what I had just seen when I last looked up at the road. 

What I recall seeing were three "beams" or "bars" of light that clearly formed a triangle, as in this was absolutely one object with extremely bright white lights that ran down each of its three sides, with a clear point, the direction it was traveling although it appeared to be hovering in that moment and the lights seemed to be facing downward. it was the size of a plate on my windshield so I put it at about a football field away from me and about the same or less in height from ground.

I look back up and it vanished.

In about 1 second my brain immediately begins to analyze what I had just seen.
My first thought was had to be a car....looking ahead for a straight mile of flat road and not a single car let alone light in sight. 
My brain then goes oh helicopter...my windows were down hence the bluetooth (listening to music)...and this is when my stomach drops.

I came to a complete stop, all windows down, and there was not a single sound. Nothing, no distant helicopter, no car anywhere in sight, only myself in total darkness and some cornfields. 

Needless to say, I hauled it out of there and as soon as I got home I told my parents about my incident and they laugh it off. 24 hours later, the Doylestown PA Monthly newsletter came out and the cover of that month's edition was about Bucks County, PA being ranked as having the second highest number of reported UFO sightings over the previous 5 years, second to Alaska.

I will leave at with this: I own a drone and I can hear that puppy at 1500ft....To this day I have absolutely zero clue what that triangle could possibly have been. 

I drive this road almost daily now and am always looking up. 

disclaimer: I have literally zero other "ufo" or odd sighting stories. This was a one off thing that to this day baffles my mind.
