{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-23 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38672","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2741,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5518484.json","updb_database_id":5518484}
Large bright object with red, white, and blue lights

I was investigating events from the previous night as reported by a group of Blue Springs Missouri residents and since I witnessed this the previous night with the group wanted to look at this from a different vantage point. I went to a park in Eastern Jackson County where there is less light pollution. At 8:45 PM I went to the Little Blue Park on 78 Highway east of the Independence Power Plant which is a wooded area and clearing and has no lighting so there is less light pollution here. This is only about a mile away from the neighborhood on 30th Terr. S where we were last night. My husband, two daughters, and two grandsons came along. We first observed one object appear at dusk in the ENE at 30 degrees from the horizon. The object was flashing red, green, and white colors very distinctly which were visible to the naked eye, and the object appeared large. A Sheriff came by and asked what we were doing and he said that he noticed the object as well and thought that it was odd. We observed the same characteristics, only clearer, through high-powered binoculars. I took some long exposure photos with a Nikon camera but nothing showed up on the photos. We also noticed several bright white streaks in the sky during the 3 hours we were at this location. 

At 10:30 PM my daughter arrived with a large 121 telescope and we observed the object with the computer attached to the telescope. By that time the object has faded away and was gone. 

1. The object looked large and very bright
2. There were distinct, red, white, and blue colors pulsing in sequence that we timed at 2-second intervals using high-powered binoculars.
3. I saw features including a large black circle, which moved to the left and it appeared that the entire object moved 90 degrees counter-clockwise. 
4. I saw a bright white line move up and down in front of it and a grid pattern over it. 
5. My daughter saw a yellow outer ring and purple colors pulsing inside (possibly due to the red and blue colors mixing). She also saw a bright white line and the black circle moving along with a grid pattern.
