{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-14 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55458","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5503484.json","updb_database_id":5503484}
Strange multicoloured orb with changing colours that stood stationary in sky then flew at very fast speed away.

On the 14th April at around 11.25pm, I noticed a strange light in the sky. I live in a tower block so have a good view of the Mersey estuary in iverpool, England. At first I thought it may be a balloon with lights on it but after looking through binoculars I saw it was unlike anything I have ever seen in the sky. 

The object seemed to have different panels on it with each changing colour from orange, yellow to amber. The onject stood stationary then began to move slowly. After a couple of minutes I got a camera to try and record the event, sadly the photo was taken just as the object few off suddenly. The object was witnessed by someone with me. 

After first spotting the object I had about 5 mins viewing before it flew off quite suddenly and vanished from view in a second or two. Planes do fly over my home area (8 miles from Liverpool John Lennon Airport) but this was not a plane and certainly not a balloon as the wind would have needed to have been hurricane force to move a balloon so fast. 

The object had multi-coloured lights glowing on the surface and I was convinced it was not any aircraft,baloon and certainly not another 'Chinese lantern' which is pretty common and easy to detect. This object seemed quite big, possibly over 100 foot in circumferance. 

I was amazed to see it sit almost stationary, then begin to move very slowly. It was hovering somewhere over the Wirral which is over the other side of the River Mersey. It flew off towards the direction of Wales, which you can see from my flat which takes in the view of Liverpool, Wales, the River Mersey and eastuary. 

I was sober at the time as was my witness. I cannot say that this was alien craft but it seemed to show all the signs of being something that I have no reference point for. I have never seen anything like it and was quite exited as I viewed it.

I drew a small picture of what I saw, if it helps I can submit this and a photo of the area I spotted the craft. I have also looked online to see if anyone else spotted this strange object. It was not a star, certainly not a firework and due to the way the object floated stationary then flew off faster than planes in the vicinity, I wonder was it picked up by radar from the nearby airport. I am sure others spotted the object and would like to know myself just what it was. 

I hope this report helps. This is an honest testimony of what I saw.

Note: the photo is taken on a camera which has not had the time or date set on it. I made a careful note of the time the incident occured so ignore the date stamp on the photo which only shows the area were the object was, not the objecft itself (it was too fast!)

Thanks for reading.
