{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-17 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5282484.json","updb_database_id":5282484}
Cube-shaped Mylar balloon-like straight horizontal path

At first I thought the object was a cube-shaped Mylar helium balloon in the distance that someone must have let go of. It was darkish gray, but not jet black, somewhat reflective, and was clearly visible against the sky at about 9:30 in the morning. It’s also possible it was in the shape of a hexagon, but even with my eyeglasses on, it was too far away to see detail.
It ascended from my left, but then moved in a straight horizontal line across my line of sight from left-to-right. I didn’t think a helium balloon would do that. 
I was looking out the windows (they span the length of the room, about 15 feet) from the building’s fourth floor. The windows face northwest towards Route 15. Now that I look at a map, the object seemed to roughly move along Route 15’s southwest-to-northeast line (my left-to-right). The object did not seem, though, as if it was as distant from the building as Route 15 is. I walked from the left side to the right side of the room in order to keep watching it as it moved.
The object spun on its corners at a regular pace, as if spinning is what propelled it. After moving in a straight line from left-to-right, it moved upward in a curved path while simultaneously receding into the distance until I could no longer see it.

It is possible it was a helium balloon caught in the wind, and it’s movement in a straight horizontal line may have been the current it was caught in. It moved in what seemed like a perfectly straight line, though, over a relatively long distance without being buffeted or moved off course until it eventually did ascend and recede.
