{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61872","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3178,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5497484.json","updb_database_id":5497484}
{nd} Father and I near front porch,sounds like a jet is coming over house,was as if at drag race,it shock our chest.Stopped next to us and stayed,then flew very slow off very low to ground

Had a 1968 bike and my Dad was helping me get it tuned for spring riding.We lived next to a steep rock mountain with a lake bed that filled each spring melt. It first sounded as if a jet was coming over the mountain and then over our home,very load! As we both looked up it stopped and at the same time the sound stopped. It just sat there and watched us,we were both on our knees next to the motorcycle. We talked later and think it was just about 3 seconds,then it started to pulsate a sound as if it were winding up. It was more and more sound as it went away very slowly about 100ft and crossed the main hwy about 4ft off the ground. As it went on it turned as an airplane would. Banking to let us see the shape even better.It went behind some cottonwood trees and we watched it go lower towards the spring high water and out of sight. My Dad said we could never talk about this to anyone,not even my two brothers and Mom in the house,he was upset and I had never seen him like this. When we walked in my little brother ask if I saw the jet? Mom said it must of been just over the house and she didn't like that they could fly that low. She said that the big window shook so bad she yelled for my little brother to get away from it. Dad said yep it was a jet and flew very low. That was the end of that.   One year later again when the spring melt and high water,I came home from school to see my Dad and little brother sitting at the table looking at a drawing. Dad said come over here,as I looked down there was the craft that I and Dad had seen one year earlier.His story was that being home alons he heard the chickens making noise and when he looked out the back window they were running around crazy with a shadow going in circles. He grabbed his 22 rifle to kill the hawk or what he thought was one.When he got out side the chickens had ran off and he didn't see any thing. He walked up on a hill below the rock mountain about 75 ft from the house. As he stood there looking he said the hair on his head and neck felt as if it was eletrifide,he looked up and it was just above him,so close he could of touched it with the rifle. He said he couldn't move from fear and it started to move away toward the same flight path it had taken before,banked behind the same tree and went down towards the pools of water. We never saw it again,but I would like to tell more about what it looked like
