{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-07 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116899","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2789,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5286484.json","updb_database_id":5286484}
Tumbling Metallic disc reflecting sun, pulsating disappearing from view and reappearing.

My wife and I were in the back yard watering the garden at 7:50 pm on July 7th. I heard a plane flying overhead and looked up to see it. Before I looked away from the plane I noticed an odd flash high above the plane. The object looked like a metal disc which was moving relatively slow to the Northwest from the East. I pointed up and told my wife "look at that, what is that". It appeared to be tumbling forward as you could see the setting sun reflecting off the metal of the object. The object would disappear and then reappear every few seconds inconsistently. As it moved to the Northwest the object slowed almost to a hover and changed direction to the North. It started to speed up continuing to pulsate, appearing and disappearing and then changed direction again to the Northwest, more west this time. I grabbed my phone and pointed it in the direction of the object trying to find it on my screen, I hit record and looked past my phone to see where it went. The object disappeared, and did not reappear again. I thought go figure just as I pull my phone out, its gone. After the event we watched the video but did not see anything. I watched it again later that evening and noticed something zip by on the screen around 8 seconds in the original video. I believe the object that zips by from the bottom right of the screen to the top left of the screen is an insect. But I am unsure. Just before the suspected insect fly's into the screen you will see the UFO enter at the top right of the video, moving to the middle of the screen and out to the left. I clipped a couple seconds out and changed the lighting and used my thumb to slow down the video to try and see the object more clear. (This is the second video) It is very fast and hard to see in real time, but slow it down and you can see it appear and disappear. It also appears to have some kind of field around the object.
