{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-08 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5520484.json","updb_database_id":5520484}
Cube like object that aparently oppened and emit 2 or 3 lights that latter get inside again, and hten It closed again. It opened the lower part of it, letting the upper part together, allowing to see that It was like an oppened cube.

I was driving with my 4 years old child to the Settlements supermarket, when he suddenly asked me to tell him what was the object that was flying up in front of us. I looked forward an up, and then I told him that I didn't know, and after watching closely I told him that It was a UFO. He didn't fully understand because his short age, and when I was watching I was trying to explain it to him. Suddenly It changed It's form and then some light balls appeared circling it, I realize then that It really didn't change It's form, but what happened is that It opened Itself then the lights get inside It and then It closed Itself again. We watched It moving a little, like hovering, and then It slowly began going up, then It apparently stopped and then Ir began moving on the same altitude, because we saw It as It begin to shrink, until It disappeared. I make an anonymous post in the local weekly news sheet asking to contact me If someone watch something strange in the sky that day. A very religious lady contact me telling that she saw something "strange" that look like some kind of weird bird, but that she noticed that It was not exactly a bird. She didn't have an idea that maybe was about an UFO what she saw and asked me to keep her informed. This is not the first time I saw an UFO. The first time was a child, together with my parents and 2 of my siblings. The second time was in 1986 over Mexico City, and I saw It together with a taxi driver. The last time was almost 2 years ago, here, in the same settlement that I'm describing this sighting. It's very weird that took me too long to "officially" report about this, and more strange taking on account that I start getting very interested and reading a lot about the UFO's since my first experience watching them.
