{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1947-07-07 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108141","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2344,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5453484.json","updb_database_id":5453484}
UFO McCall Idaho 1947

I am filling in as much as possible so that someone from MUFON will have a Case # and can come speak to my father at his home. He is 90 now.

From my memory he and his father (my grandfather) went to an upper mountain like above McCall Idaho to go fishing. 

I believe the same lake they hiked to was the same area in which a large USAF plane had crashed a long time ago. Remnants of the plane I believe are still there.

Anyhoos, while at the lake I think they heard something that only a great speed would cause. Then they saw a bright object with a trail moving so fast across the sky it was for lack of better words, out of this world fast for that time period. I think there was a wonder if it was the same object or something going in the direction of Rosewell. I do know that he recalls that when they came home from their fishing trip that they found out that the U.S. had dropped a bomb on Japan. He often wondered if there were ties to that event and other unexplained events in that same month.

My father is a retired USAF officer and pilot with thousands of flying hours. Still to this day he can't explain what he saw, but he would like to provide someone with his story. He may have other unexplained experiences, but can't say.

The information that I have entered in the forms, is not all accurate, but I had to fill out the blanks. He will be able to provide someone with that information.

Mr. Shane Hurd and Tara of mufon are aware of this information, but asked that I get another case number so that it can be investigated.  I will be entering one for my sister's experience as a child as well. I have already provided mufon with my own experience but think I left out some things during that interview.
