{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5485484.json","updb_database_id":5485484}
{dr}Orb ejected itself out of the ocean (Marina Del Rey), hovered (low altitude), I yelled at it with only my mind. Orb then flew directly at me covering a distance of 9-10 miles in under 4 seconds and came to a dead hover directly over my head.

At approximately 7:30pm in early October 2013 I let my dogs out in my west facing front yard and I saw a white orb eject itself out of the ocean from a distance of between 9-10 miles to me. Object came to an immediate low altitude hover over the ocean. I immediately knew what I was looking at so I ran inside and told my girlfriend to get out of the house. She ran out and I pointed to the object. She then ran in the house to find a camera. Then I yelled at it (with only my mind as it was still 9-10 miles from me). The orb then came head on at me, in a laser straight line, and coasted to a stop directly over my head. It covered the 9-10 miles, and literally coasted half of those miles, in under 4 seconds. Orb was approximately 500 feet sitting directly over my head for about 20 seconds. I made no further attempt to communicate with it an received no communication back from the object. I was jumping up and down like I just won the lottery with my head back as far as it could go watching the object sitting motionless directly over my head. It was easily the happiest moment of my life. My dogs did not detect object at all. 3 people across the street saw me jumping up and down and waving my hands over my head and walked over to me and asked me if I was ok. Before one of the people from across the street reached me, the orb immediately went in reverse back to its original location over Marina Del Rey. I told him I was fine and he went back across the street. My girlfriend then ran outside with the camera. Orb was too far away at that point and wandered north west, up the coast, out of site. Orb was covered in a thick white plasma. It looked like a perfect Tesla Coil covered in plasma. No structure was seen through the plasma.
