{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3165,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5499484.json","updb_database_id":5499484}
{nd} Orange lights over Downingtown, PA

Its July 4th, 2014 in Downingtown, PA at about 9PM, or whenever it got dark enough for fireworks. I was in Kerr Park waiting for the fireworks to begin. Im bored and playing on my phone when my friend grabs me, points at the sky and says: "wtf is that?". I turned around to see 12 orange/red (more orange than red) orb like objects traveling above and following route 322 westward. They seemed to glow rather than shine light (if that makes sense). Its like the light was contained within itself, not really giving off light. I'm having difficulty describing it. It was just so strange and unnatural. When I saw them they were above the intersection of routes 30 and 322 in Downingtown, PA. The lowest one seemed to be a little over 50ft above the trees. They were all in a formation. It kinda reminded me of the german luftwaffe in old WW2 movies. The first 5 seemed to be flying at different altitudes an equal distance from each other. They were also positioned sort of caddy-corner in a straight line from the highest altitude to the lowest. The sixth one was moving up and down behind the first five never going above the highest altitude or the lowest like an escort. This was followed by 6 more doing the same as the first 6. All 12 moved forward at a speed that was just too slow for airplanes to fly. People around me started getting excited, then a lady next to me said they were wedding lights and just like that nobody cared anymore. What kind of wedding lights can hold perfect formation and a perfect repetitive flight pattern? I even thought maybe they tied strings to them to keep them together but with wind in the sky i don't see them holding position. And, if they were wedding lights, how could two of them move up and down without the other 10 moving out of formation, or even move up and down? Heat travels up. With this being on the 4th of July I dont see anyone taking me seriously. Thats why I waited until September to report it. I didn't try to follow them, even though i should of. What am I gonna do? They're up there and I'm stuck down here. When they flew past us and disappeared beyond the tree line everything went back to normal, like nothing ever happened. My POS boost mobile phone's camera doesn't have the ability to make out objects beyond ~100ft away, so no pictures and no videos. Besides my friend, I don't know any of the other witnesses and have no way to find them. If you visit [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg] and look at #11, it looks identical to one of the orb-lke UFO's I saw.
