{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-04 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488484","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71156","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/484/mufon-5488484.json","updb_database_id":5488484}
{nd} looked like big star, irregular wobble in its path from NW to NE. came to a dead stop.then shot up and out of atmosphere

I live 5 minutes from Lake Erie. I was having a smoke, staring at the sky. I noticed in the Northwest what looked exactly like a star but it was at least twice as big as the brightest start in the sky, and it seemed to be moving towards my direction, it was moving slightly faster then planes appear to move and this object did not fly in a straight line as it had a very prominent wobble (which was the first abnormality that caught my attention in the first place). It had no blinking lights whatsoever. Fascinated, I watched this thing keep moving from NW to NE. It eventually flew right over my house when it came to a complete stop. This object was extremely high up (again it resembled a really really big star). It stayed there way up in the sky for just a couple seconds, and then all the sudden within 3 or 4 seconds this bright star-like light grew dimmer and smaller until it just vanished, from my point of reference it looked like it stopped and then shot up and out of our atmosphere. Whatever it was it had great speed. And then for the next 30 minutes after I saw this thing, i must have seen 30 to 40 planes fill the sky, most of them coming from lake erie. The weird thing is :/ .. half of these planes didnt even make any sounds. And there were planes that were way up there that were still very audible, and yet some planes that appeared to be much lower to the ground had no engine noise whatsoever! not to mention there were like 6 planes that went by one after another, none of them made any sound, and they were like fixed ona perfect straight line, almost like a conveyer belt, they looked.. staged. One of the planes over Lake Erie had a very very bright white orb-like flash that appeared right next to it, it was visible for what seemed to be a very long second. Don't know what it was. There was also very many "shooting stars" present during this whole time as well. Thats about it... I just wanted to document this. It was very weird
