{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459964","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101466","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/964/mufon-5459964.json","updb_database_id":5459964}
7 weeks ago started sighting wath i tought were nighttime stealth black triangle drones no sound ... low .. then on nightvision catching video of orbs

Ok ... started 7 weeks ago in NB ... started seeing at night wath looked like black triangular no sound no lights ... drones i tought ...bunch of em low too ... seeing those every night for awhile then noticed they were following me since i started seeing them in my buddys backyard ... it followed me one night at higher altitude with lights on em to my house ... checked and was seeing them at my place too ...all at night ... after few weeks left for work 4 hours away in bridgewater ns canada ... when i started seeing them there too got curious ... went and bought a cannon digital camera ... a nightvision bushnell monocular that takes piks n videos ... and started catching them on pictures and videos but was weird ... was catching em in orb form ... then caught a video of the black triangle drone over the lake and it came in close ...was seeing one light and when got close seen three lights one red ...in that footage im shaking from fear ... last video i took i got that orb form ufo about 6 feet in front of me for like 5 min on video on the nightvision by this time my fear is diminished somewhats ... 3 rd time i try to report this here and it wont load ... so this time not sending any media files ... but heres a link https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZD7UKu8vGgl0reKtAjNivA to my youtube channel ... i have four videos uploaded there ... and heres the link to the best video ... i think i might have the best orbs ufo video outthere yet ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIeI_nYaqH8&t=86s ... now still seeing these every night right now ... i emailed some other channels i watch that are more recognised and emailed some ppl but no answer yet ... i wish someone would contact me soon while i still see these every night so maybe we can get in contact and i can get someone here with me as i take these videos to show i'm not kidding around ... i have tons of videos and piks on my laptop and recently got new footage and will try to get more ... gasleb79@gmail.com to reach me ... please enjoy ... i'm still lil fearfull cuz some nights i hear something very big very high over my house (rumble like airplane flying by but 10x more bigger rumbling) ... mothership ?? i m speculating here but i think these come down in physical form as those black triangles and might be morphing to those orbs ... even catching glimpse of black triangles during daytime hiding blending in n out of clouds ...they seem shy and to be watching or studying me ... they will hide behind tree lines ... trees ... corner of houses ... and when im inside they try to watch me through windows ... i even seen stationary lights move to where it can see me and act like a star ... i have much more to explain when contacted :) thank you
