{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-23 21:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451964","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/964/mufon-5451964.json","updb_database_id":5451964}
Two MUFON investigators and one witness saw a large stationary object, seven extremely fast-moving objects, and one fast object

I was on site for an investigation along with another MUFON investigator and the witness when we all saw objects that we cannot explain. I was questioning the witness about his first encounter, in which the object he saw was just 135 feet away over a tree. I complained that the dusk-to-dawn light they have on the property was too bright, when it suddenly dimmed to approximately 1/3 its brightness. We were all shocked and the witness said that had never happened before. Then I noticed a very bright object to the south. I pointed it out to the other two people.We looked at it through binoculars and noted that it had a metal grid structure around it and was extremely bright and showing red, white, and green lights. This object was brighter than anything else in the sky and seemed like it was very close. As we were looking at it we all saw six extremely fast-moving white objects zip around the larger object and disappear. A seventh object, which appeared further away and to the SW did the same thing. As we were observing the larger object the witness pointed out a bright high fast moving white object moving quickly right above us. I grabbed my cell phone and took video, then stopped the video because I thought it was a satellite. However, it then zig-zagged three times and disappeared, making it unlikely that it was a satellite. The original large object then inexplicably moved above us at approximately 80 degrees off the horizon and slightly south, but I don't remember seeing it move. I took a screenshot using Google Sky showing the sky and the large stationary object in question.
