{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-03-19 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495964","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63452","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/964/mufon-5495964.json","updb_database_id":5495964}
{cak} a tool w/needle was sent through my vehicles closed window and into my head above my right ear into my sinuses I could not move or speak but could move eyes

I would carpool with my husband each workday for college. He would work in his office and I would grab a bit of sleep as it was still very early and before my classes started. It was 4 AM when I was putting down my seat as usual to take my nap. It was dark in the parking lot, I put my blanket over myself and closed my eyes and felt a presence. I can't say if I heard anything but I just felt something there perhaps the figures cast a slight shadow. I turned onto my back to look out the window and suddenly I could not move or scream. I saw 2 figures that appeared like the grays I have heard of. They were a little taller than the car. They had a light gray and smooth flesh appearance. I could not move my head so I could not look at their bodies much but to see their heads. I was caught by their eyes. Very dark and deep looking and had the almond shape. The shape of their heads was elongated and larger than their bodies. An metal cold cylindrical instrument with a needle on the end of it, was coming through the window at me and it started entering my head. The area at the instrument at the window seemed almost like melted glass if I could find words for it. I wanted to move away from it but couldn't move at all. It hurt like a searing, burning intense pain. I was thinking my thoughts to them, "stop, go away, don't" but they didn't communicate with me in any way that I remember. I was terrified! I just wanted them to stop what they were doing. It felt as if that tool that had a needle with a long handle had gone into my sinuses above my right ear. I couldn't believe it seemed as though it was going through the metal and the glass of the car and into my head! How? I could not move at all but for my eyes and that seemed to be a bit limited? The tool retracted instantly and they were gone as quickly as they appeared. I could move again. I was out of that car so fast and into my husbands office so fast! I was now hysterically telling him what just happened and he thought that I had just had a nightmare but it was very real. I had not had time to go to sleep. I have had sinus issues and have since gone out on permanent disability. I had a sinus surgery and they told me that they found rat cells? I asked how that could be? The doctor changed the subject and never did answer me. I feel that it had to have come from that time in the parking lot. I have had pain in that same area of my head off and on since that attack. I get a searing pain that I can't really even think when it happens. I call them attacks. I don't know what they did but I don't like them at all! They have caused me a lot of continued pain. For me the object was the tool they sent into my head as I did not see any craft.
