{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-03-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502964","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56016","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3060,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/964/mufon-5502964.json","updb_database_id":5502964}
rrrrrrrr

on a regular day i took my camera and start recording the moon surface, that day the sky was very clear oe say that was the best day for sky watch. it took around 2 hours of recording, my camera battery shows the low battery sign, then took that video transfer my laptop and start seeing that recording and suddenly i seen that ufo. i that day i seen the real ufo. The first video image is like a round ufo or say its look like a circle. but the second one i am 100% sure that ufo is look like a ufo seen in Jerusalem 2011. it is my 6th sence say or you can say its a telepathy. i really do believe in this. these two video is shooted by me through my handdy cam. 
this video is captured by my handdy cam , please contact me. i am a regular sky watcher. in the first video dated 11jan14 that image is like a mother ship landed on moon surface. and the second one is also a huge ufo. i am also sending you a rough calculation of the second video image. i am also the member of indian ufo org.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
 as i said i am a regular sky watcher, and record the sky on daily bases. 

2.What made you first notice the object?
 i checked the recording, then i noticed. because to see that object through naked eye was impossible.

3.What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
i was confident that it was an UFO

4.Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
in first video the mother ship was landed on moon surface in a very low speed, because according to me they already decided that they gonna be landed on that surface. and in second video the ufo was take off from the moon creator. it took might be 3 rounds. 

5.Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
i really do believe that ufo does exist. but when i saw, i feel really very happy 7 feel great, with the help of telepotation i got this video. i contact with them. 

6.How did you lose sight of the object?
it appear and went away.
