{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-18 18:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477964","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82179","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4063,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/964/mufon-5477964.json","updb_database_id":5477964}
Sitting outside and looked up and saw the brightest light I have ever seen in the sky

I was sitting on my balcony at my home address having a coffee as I was drawn to go.oitsoee and get some air 

I often watch the planes blinking and can hear them. We are on the Heathrow flight path I think. I am from New Zealand and adore the night sky back home but on London not so much as it is so light polluted. Last night was particularly clear and I could see some tiny stars. I felt like it was very still and something was different. Hard to explain. More of a sense. I looked to my right and saw the brightest lights so I just sat and watched. I realised it wasn't moving at all. Just sitting there. I could see what looked like six lights surrounding the outside and with nothing solid in the middle. I kept thinking it was moving further back and then back to the original position but I wasn't sure. It would look like a brihht ball and then the lights were distinctive. I asked my husband to come outside as I wanted to make sure I wasn't imagining it. I asked him to look and he immediately said oh my god that's so brihht and it looks like a bunch of the brightest stars. He kept asking me if I thought I was changing shape and I was relieved it wasn't just me. The planes were flying past and I realised that where the pkanes were meant the object was much higher than the planes. It made no noise. I decided to try and take some photos with my iPhone. I took a couple and then zoomed in and realised that it might be something different to what I was seeing. My logical brain was telling me it was a weather balloon or a satellite but I couldn't quite believe it was as somehow I just knee it wasn't. The object moved to the right slowly slowly as I had to move along my balcony and lean out whereas when I first saw it I was seated but it didn't move quickly or even look like it was moving - more like it was just quietly sitting and hovering. 

I felt mesmerised and fascinated and for some reason extremely happy yet emotional. I cried like somehow it knew I was watching and I felt good about that. That makes me sound like a total crazy person and I assure you I'm not. I don't have a better camera so only have my iPhone so did the best I could. When it mover further back it became more of a ball of brihht brihht light and then when it came closer i could see all the lights on the outside. 

I watched it until.thr lights just suddenly went out and I watched for another ten or so minutes but it didn't come back. It was like it turned its lights off and just vanished. I have never seen anything like it in my life. I can't compare it to anything.
