{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-14 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494964","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64490","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/964/mufon-5494964.json","updb_database_id":5494964}
{nd} Saw a pulsating, blinking UFO whose undercarriage revealed it to be triangle in shape with window hole in middle

I was driving home from NJ where I was visiting my relatives. My 20th month old son was with me. On the night of March 14 I turned onto Galloway Road from Byberry Street where I saw a pulsating, blinking object from the west which appeared stationary from where we were. Since we live in an area with three airports (Phili, West Trenton and another small prop job airport whose name I am blanking on) I initially assumed it was an aircraft. However, several things dispelled this view. 1) it started to descend whereas a plane from any of the three airports would be ascending in this direction (west to east) 2) it seemed, even from a distance, to be a huge aircraft larger than any of the smaller jets and planes flying in and out of West Trenton and the small prop job airport. 3) no other planes were sighted in this particular area at the time  

I continued to observe the object as I stopped at the red light at Galloway. It definitely remained stationary for about half a minute before moving in a downward descent east. As the light turned green I continued to look at it as I drove and the object descended so low that I could make out three things (in the course of about 10 seconds)

1) a light shining underneath it

2) fan like indentations

3) a window like hole in the middle of the object

The object was definitely triangular in shape. I kept looking for wings, such as an airplane would have, that I never found. At this point there was a mixture of fear and awe over the possibility that this was a UFO.

The object continued to descend east until I lost sight of it among the buildings on Hulmeville Road (which intersects Galloway).

I must admit before I end my report that I am avidly interested in UFOs and Ufology and have been since I was a teenager. I even watched MUFON's special on the History Channel. I am always looking up the stars to see if there is any unusual activity and for the past 25 or so years I have never witnessed any. This is the only time when I have seen an object that I could not identify as aircraft of some kind. Had my son not been in the car with me (whose safety is my first priority) I would have attempted to follow the craft further. After several weeks I am still in awe about the incident.
