{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-10-16 13:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287964","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115408","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2402,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/964/mufon-5287964.json","updb_database_id":5287964}
Large shiny silver UFO over Interstate 80 HWY -1998

I write this because I didn’t realize I could report our sighting anywhere and have never reported what I saw that morning in 1998 until now. We were future fraternity brothers required to drive from Michigan Univ in Ann Arbor to Penn State. Myself and my roommate were the only sober ones so we both took 4 guys into our cars and went on this very long drive. Somewhere in Ohio on i80hwy I see this very large flying saucer 🛸 heading from cloud level all the way to within a mile from my car. I was driving and just kept wondering why it kept coming towards me. Then it stopped dead in its tracks and just silently seemed paused not moving at all. I rolled my window down and of course everyone in my car was sleeping so I had nobody to share it with. Then something happens that I NEVER heard of from any of the UFO shows I’ve seen (and witness accounts). THE 🛸 starts to change from shiny smooth silver to a yellowish light that got brighter and brighter and brighter and then GONE! Just zoomed back up above the skies but didn’t leave a streak or make a noise and it was way too fast for anything man made to replicate it. It literally just moved faster than the speed of light towards space and was gone. I wonder why nobody has ever reported this type of build up of light as if it was picking up energy. Never heard about anything like this and that’s what makes my account so frustrating. The car a mile ahead of me with the other guys saw the same thing. We stopped at Dunkin Donuts to grab coffee and donuts and I couldn’t believe it but I had forgotten about it until my friend driving the other car asked if I had seen anything strange a few miles back. So it wasn’t just me that saw this. Atleast a half mile ahead and they saw it too.
