{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-23 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485053","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74741","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/053/mufon-5485053.json","updb_database_id":5485053}
{rjl} Noticed 3 perfectly spaced bright red lights as I drove home from work. They did not appear to move but maintained their alignment as I watched them. Never noticed these lights before and they were very clear, bright and odd.

I left work at approximately 7:05 pm heading for home. I was traveling west on US-95 at a speed of approx. 65 mph. I've taken this route weekly for 8 years and know it very well. Heading towards Lewiston, ID (which is about a 15 minute drive from Lapwai, the town I work in), I noticed 3 red lights in the sky, located above the Clearwater River near where the mill is. The sky was clear and the moon was full so there was no question what I was looking at - 3 bright red lights. They appeared to be in perfect alignment, widely spaced apart, way high up there which I thought was pretty amazing for "three jets to be able to maintain such a perfectly straight line". That was my first thought because what else could those lights be?

As I kept driving, I kept my eye on the lights due to the fact that they were just too odd. They seemed to be really high up in the sky yet they were bright a clear. No blinking strobes, no green lights either. Then it struck me that they appeared to NOT be moving. I was driving and moving but those lights seemed to hover. Which meant that there was no way the lights were 3 jets. Nor were they 3 helicopters. That made me think they could be drones hovering. Still, the lights maintained their positions and even three drones would have some variations in alignment at some point. So I began to slow down to 45 mph, (there wasn't any traffic around me), and I kept turning my head around as far as I could behind me to continue looking at the lights which were now behind me. 

I passed the mill on my way into north Lewiston, having thought about pulling over to watch the unusual lights because now I'm thinking this could be a UFO. But then I quickly wrote that thought off telling myself it couldn't possibly be a UFO because everything around me seemed normal with light traffic, no blackouts, etc. It finally got to where I could no longer see them as I continued driving forward towards town. A fire engine was heading east and I decided to continue driving since it takes me about another hour from where I was to get to my house. By the time I got home I honestly forgot all about it.

Today, at work, I mentioned to my co-worker about the odd lights and to my surprise she had seen something herself about 30 minutes prior to my sighting but in the opposite direction. I tried finding reports for this in our area but have not had any luck which is why I decided to document it here.

I will add that I was listening to an audio book in my car while driving and didn't think of turning the volume down or opening my windows. So, there wasn't any unusual noise and there was no loss of electrical power. Everything was a pretty typical drive home other than those three widely but perfectly aligned, bright, solid red lights just staying still up above in a clear bright night sky over the river and the mill.
