{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464053","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96855","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2721,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/053/mufon-5464053.json","updb_database_id":5464053}
{jpg} Lights in Outerspace Observed and Filmed through Gen 3 NVGs

I was observing stars though my PVS 7 gen 3 night vision goggles on the nights of December 5th and 6th at approx 2100 in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania.  I observed what I perceived to be fleets of lights flying both nights at high rates of speed in comparison to me observing on the ground. On the night of the 5th the lights were flying in both a chevron formation and in lines and were filmed by my andriod phone through the objective of my night vision. I was able to observe and film a V shaped formation flying within approx 10 minutes of each other in the same direction. The lights appeared to be making orbits of the earth but I am unsure. My wife was also a witness to the event. 

On the night of the 6th I observed from the same vantage point in Chambersburg (but did not film) a line of approx 5 lights flying behind a chevron formation (approx 6 lights).  The line of lights merged with the chevron formation and became a larger chevron formation.  The lights appeared to be the same size and formation as those observed on the night of December 5th 2018 and were traveling the same approximate direction and speed. The line of lights had to overtake the chevron in order to merge with it from a different direction and speed. 

I do not believe that these lights were animals such as geese or other birds. As proof of this, one of the videos of the chevron I took shows the formation flying over top of a jet before fading out of view from my vantage point. 

I have a vast amount of experience observing stars and satellites with night vision goggles. These objects appear to display a similar height and orbit as a satellite, but with the curious behavior of correcting course. 

The first 2 videos are highlights of the 3rd longer source video.
