{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-04 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525053","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30744","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5457,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/053/mufon-5525053.json","updb_database_id":5525053}
ufo sighting kingman az

On the night of august 4 2011 I saw flying lights at around 845 pm in Kingman Arizona. I was driving down the road and I was facing east. I saw 4 strange lights in a weird pattern I decided that something was not right so I knew the road I was on went out into the desert so I went about 5 miles out of town and now there was 8 lights in the sky in different patterns from horizontal lines to rectangles to circles. As soon as I got to the desert there was another car already out there and one soon showed up and then a few minutes later there was 4-5 cars including mine. Having a truck and it being the desert I went out as far as I could and I go to I would say about 2 miles away. I was standing lights of and I knew they were not airplanes because they were just sitting there but being so close I also didn1t hear any helicopter noises I took a bunch of pictures and the last one was when they were in a rectangle and then they started to circle the city it seemed and then they all started going towards the ground and where most of them flew I knew there was departments so I decided to head out that way and I think I saw one on the ground but as soon as I parked my car a cop seemed to appear out of nowhere and he asked me if I had a problem I responded if I was trespassing and he said I wasn1t and so I started to tell him about the lights and showed him the pictures. He then proceeded to tell me that there are new aircraft that hover and don1t make noise but I haven1t heard of anything like that. I said I should go and he goes good Idea and as I was turning my car around he turned left to go where the lights had seemed to land. The whole cop thing seemed rather suspicious and it just didn1t feel right I was out in the middle of nowhere and I didn1t even see him coming but take that for what it is worth. I then went home and looked up the number to call and report I tried calling a couple of times and it was busy and then I started to see the lights again this time they were heading south and they were in a horizontal formation I went had gotten gas and that1s when I tried take more pictures and only one came out and it seems really weird. When I was looking at the lights I was able to get through and the person told me to try and get as many people to look and report. I got in my car and started to head south but they just seemed to disappear rather quickly I saw them and then I didn1t see them I tried waiting around but then I had to be somewhere at midnight that is why I am writing the report so late. I will include pics in the email and try and describe them. The lights every time I saw them where just white and they did blink but only sometimes and I didn1t see any other color. Also no noise at all and moved methodically 

1. I was in my car driving east but the picture is sorta north bad pic 
2. weird s shape I am about 4-8 miles away first sighting facing east
3.after they started circling one was left faceing east
4. the red thing is what I saw on ground only pic I was able to take before cop showed up and I had my phone zoomed all the way in.
5. one of 2 pics of second sighting.

6. Second sighting facing south I am in the ditch and I took this and I was looking at it closer this looked really weird So I pinch zoomed in on my phone and the zoom is photo 7 I am about 10 miles away maybe 7 at closest
7. zoom it speaks for it self I gives me the chils looking at it.
8. first sighting faceing east I am about 5-9 miles away and I saw a circle.
9 first sighting facing east starting to form into a rectangle about 2 miles away
10. closest one to formations facing east Im speechless.

my name is micheal baca my phone is 928 377 2883

On the night of August 4th at 845pm in kingman AZ I caputured these pictures
http://kdminer.com/main.asp?SectionID=1&SubSectionID=1&ArticleID=46095

my name is micheal baca my phone is 928 377 2883

I have been making calls and doing research and you are going to want to talk about this or do more research. I called kingman airports fleet commander and he said that there were NO aircraft from kingman in the sky that night. So I decided to call the 3 closest millitary bases and the marine air base and nellis said that they had NO aircraft over kingman that night. I then called Luke Air force base and the person told me that they were probably just flares set off by a 10 warthogs which is the same reason they gave for the 1997 phoenix lights case. I am trying to make this go viral but these circumstances and getting weird.
