{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-05 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527053","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28593","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2288,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/053/mufon-5527053.json","updb_database_id":5527053}
Mysterious Silver Hovering Object

I was driving on Fry Rd, turning right onto Heampstead HWY in Cypress, Texas. I looked above US-290, only 1000 feet or so in front of me, and saw this white/silver, thin object just there. It seemed to be moving to moving parallel to the highway, and as I turned left onto Spring Cypress Rd. The object stopped, then hovered over the freeway, sort of in the upper horizon behind it. As I pulled up to the light to go under the freeway, I lost site of it and decided to pull out my phone and went I went under it. I was going to snap a picture, but by the time I went under the freeway, it was gone and no where to be found.
I thought it was plane at first, because this area is under a landing path for both Houston airports, but it was too small to be a plane and when it stopped moving, I thought there is no way it was. The real deal breaker was, there is no way it would have vanished like that if it was an airplane. Then I thought it might have been some reflection from the sun in my windshield, but I after I did my errand, I went back and was not able to recreate it. 
I don't really know what it was that made me first notice it, and as far feelings, I was curious and puzzled but other that, can't think of anything.
Also, since that happened: Three times, I have seen this little speck of blue light for about half a second, about a foot off the ground. I don't know if that anything to do with this or not, but I still feel like I should share that.
This isn't the first time I have seen an object like this, its happened twice before, once near Reliant Stadium and the other in Pearland (that sighting was seen by both my aunt and cousin as well as me)
