{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-06-15 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520053","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36558","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3906,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/053/mufon-5520053.json","updb_database_id":5520053}
Small looking bright Sphere spotted travels down, we park on side road, to see it, it stops for 30 or more seconds and then gradually accelerates away to the southwest to very fast.

This account is taken from notes I took, after the fact, and with additional modifications as details resurface in my memory of it. I know this area well, because when I was a kid, I used to hike all over the hills around here. The site where we parked are pickup truck, now has two houses there, and the field around the road is now much smaller and with some small trees in it. This sighting occurred approximately three and one-fourth miles west-southwest of Syracuse, NY. I am about 90 percent date certain as it being Wednesday 8:35 pm or so, June 15, 1996. 
  I picked my wife up from work, at around 8:30 pm, or so, in the evening (still light out, blue sky, not hot or humid out and no sun or sun glare). While, driving home, on Fay Road, heading toward the Taunton area, my wife sees a small bright light in the sky. I look up and see it also. It was traveling from the Northwest (Fairmount Area). I quickly turned off on a side road called Henderson Place, where I could park, avoiding parking in front of someone1s house, next to an old overgrown field, that was maybe ten feet lower in elevation than we were. This object was traveling slowly, as well as coming down altitude. I jumped out of the car and it was still slowing down and then stops in mid-air maybe 1500 feet up in the air and maybe one-quarter mile west-northwest of us. It seemed to be directly over a wooded Drumlin, just across Terry Road. It was a small Spherical-shaped object, exceedingly bright. It was now motionless and silent. If I had to guess it1s size, and it was a small object, I would say that it was less than 15 feet in diameter. I became so excited, I had to get it1s attention. I started to shout up waving my hand, down and pointed to the field saying, come on down, a couple of times. I knew that they would probably not do something like that. My wife became terrified and told me to stop waving my hands. I got the impression that I did get it1s attention. There could probably be only one or two 1persons1 in it. I did not think that it was unmanned. I just had this feeling I was looking at them and they were looking at me. I could not understand what kind of energy it was using to be able to just sit there in mid-air like that. Then, after what seemed about 30 seconds or more in this position, it began to slowly, toward the southwest, at like a 20 degree angle, begin to accelerate upward increasing in speed. It flew at such a precise straight line-ness, while remaining silent, all the while, that this stunned me. Then it started going really fast, like nothing I had ever seen. I got scared and my hands started to shake, and my stomach got out of sorts, alittle. Just when it seemed to be up at in the high ionsphere, now looking like a pin prick, almost- it stops and then sped up so fast, it looks like a streak and then it just disappears. Like the warp speed stuff on the science fiction television shows.
  That night, we were watching the local Channel 5 news, and the weather woman at that time, Kathy Orr, told people that their station was receiving reports on the telephone about lights in the western suburbs.
