{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-18 06:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500053","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3599,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/053/mufon-5500053.json","updb_database_id":5500053}
{rjl} Blue orb moving at high rate of speed at thirty feet above ground

Shortly after 6 AM (approximately 6:10) on the morning of August 18th, 2014, I was traveling west on W Bertrand Road in Niles, MI. I had just gone through the intersection where Bertrand intersects Portage Road. On this section of Bertrand, there are large soybean fields on either side of the road. The fields are level and there are no trees at all for the length of the fields. The soybean fields start approximately two-tenths of a mile after the Portage Road intersection and extend for approximately eight-tenths of a mile. The soybean fields end at Mayflower Road (south off of Bertrand, just before the bridge that carries Bertrand over the U.S. 31 Bypass).

When I was approximately one-half mile from Mayflower Road, I saw a pulsing blue light that appeared to be situated at road level on Mayflower. My first thought was that the light was a police car that had pulled someone over on Mayflower. The light was a very deep blue, but was very bright. It was flashing on and off about once per second. The trees on the west side of Mayflower were being illuminated by the flashing light. A couple of seconds after first seeing the light, the light suddenly started to move within a small area. It moved upwards slightly (still lower than the height of the trees next to Mayflower) and then it moved to the left a bit. It suddenly took off at a high rate of speed, traveling east along Bertrand (towards me). The light was traveling over the soybean field on the south side of Bertrand. The light was approximately thirty to forty feet above the field and was roughly the same distance from the edge of Bertrand Road. As it passed my car, I was amazed at how fast it was moving. It zipped east along the south side of Bertrand and came to rest near a stand of trees at the east end of the soybean field on the north side of Bertrand. The light traveled the entire distance of the soybean fields (eight-tenths of a mile) in approximately three seconds. (I1ve calculated the speed of the moving light and, even using a conservative estimate of five seconds, the speed of the blue light was over 580 miles per hour).

All the windows on my car were closed and I was listening to a talk program on the radio. I heard no sound whatsoever from the light as it passed me.

As I said, it was very dark outside, but the light did not appear to be mounted on any type of vehicle. It was simply a globe of blue light. Although I didn1t have much information to judge the size of the light, it gave the impression of being roughly the size of a basketball.

My biggest regret is that I then chose to continue on to work (so I wouldn1t be late for a 7 o1clock meeting) instead of turning around to investigate the light which was still pulsing and illuminating the trees at the east end of the field. I assumed that it would be gone by the time I got to it and I didn1t want to be late. Wrong choice - next time, I1ll choose to be late!
