{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1988-02-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182393","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1s3dx20","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182393,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Cat fearful as disc at treetop level emitted beamGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
Irwin, PA Case

February 22, 1988

Animal Reaction Feature:
A cat appeared fearful and wanted to get into the house as the witness observed
a silent, low altitude, oblong disc with a 1rainbow1 aura that was estimated
to be at least 500 feet away.
Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
An adult female, who owns her own bus, was driving home from work in a suburban
area of Irwin at 9:45 pm on a clear night. She saw an object about a
block ahead of her. She arrived home and called a neighbor, and they watched
an oblong, disc-shaped object surrounded by a 1rainbow1 aura or mist that
obscured its edges. It had steady red and white exterior lights, and
two beams coming from the underside. At one point, the object dimmed
and the two beams criss-crossed above object but did not appear to be attached
to it. The witness noted that the cat seemed fearful and 1fussed1 to
get inside the house.
The object was first seen to the west, and was last seen in the northwest,
elevation estimated to be 15 degrees when nearest to the witness. It
moved to the north, then south, then back to the north again, where it hovered
for 5-10 minutes, before vanishing. Its altitude was estimated as treetop
level and its horizontal distance at least 500 feet away.
No sound, no EM effect, and no physiological effects were reported, although
the witness did report a recurring dream of observing the object from a closer
perspective than in the actual sighting.
Investigation determined that there were no ad aircraft, Life flights,
or Angel helicopters in the area at the time.
Source: MUFON UFO DATABASE, Portion of Reports from the Files at MUFON
Headquarters, July 1999, Sequin TX, CD-ROM, Case Log #880302, by Stan Gordan.
