{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-09-01 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548326","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11080","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/326/mufon-5548326.json","updb_database_id":5548326}
Entered atmosphere and stopped.....moved at same altitude in a flash to stop again...then moved straight up until star size.

I may have the exact date on a calendar and wish I knew about this reporting system, tho I wasn't on-line back then. I know it was late summer and time of night I'm exact about! I was floating in my swimming pool when a brightness made me think I was seeing a huge shooting star, for it illuminated the night for a brief moment. Then, it stopped. Stopped! What first appeared to me to be two white triangles very close to one another, but with a space between them, then moved faster than anything on this earth is possible to a position at the same altitude as before (3-? miles up) and covered one-fourth of the sky and stopped again. At this altitude the size of the UFO is about one-fourth the size of a full moon. The color of white was similar to the moon also! It paused again for just about two seconds, and then ascended to the size of a star. It then traversed southernly and looked like a satellite until I lost sight behind a cloud. The entire event lasted only 10 seconds or so, and being Saturday night at 9:20 I expected people to report this! I called a TV station and the Air Force to see if they had any reports or knew how I could report my sighting! I looked in phone directory and only found a place to leave a recorded message which wasn't to my liking. I found you after watching a UFO show on the History channel. Oh yeah, the next day I drew the size of the object on paper and realized it probably was one object, not two, for it showed as a diamond object that was longer than it was high...........like a disc. It would have to be pretty darn big, but I cannot determine the true altitude tho it was higher than the wispy clouds that spotted the sky that night. I knew immediately that I was viewing something special. Some anxiety followed as some friends totally accepted and some laughed about what I must've been smoking!! I'm really looking for confirmation, that maybe, someone else has made a similar report. Thanks.
