{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-08-01 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479326","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80777","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3713,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/326/mufon-5479326.json","updb_database_id":5479326}
{jpg} Myself and 5 others observed a glowing UFO hovering above us on Highway 22/322 in Perry Co. Pa in the year 1992.

I believe it was approx. late August, early September 1992. My family and a friend were on our way home from spending the day at the amusement park (Hersey Park, PA). We were driving home in two separate cars, I and my girlfriend (wife now) were following my Dad, Mom, Sister and her friend. We were West bound on Hywy 22/322 beside the Juniata River. Approx. 10:00pm as I was driving I noticed low on the horizon, above the river, a bright light in the night sky far ahead of us. I just thought it was bright star. A minute or so later I noticed that the light seemed closer. I grabbed my sleeping girlfriend's leg so hard that I woke her up and hurt her leg in the process. She said she thought it was a blimp, because it was still kinda far away. We began to watch the light as I was driving and kept getting closer and closer and brighter and glowing. When I realized it was a UFO, I remember saying "Oh my God! Oh my God!" By now it was right beside us, over the river. I started flashing my headlights on and off to get my Dad's attention ahead of us. We both pulled off to the side of the highway at the Watts Exit. Dad opens his door and exits his car leaving the door open. He begins to walk back to my car, not taking notice to the UFO. I rolled my window down and pointed to the UFO and said "Look Dad! Look! A UFO!" When Dad looked, he did a 'double-take' and stuttered stepped. He turned and ran to his vehicle and hunkered down behind the door. (This was the first time in my life that I actually saw fear in my Dad.) Dad was pointing at the object so the others would see it. 
 The object could not have been much more that 100 to 200 feet above the highway. This object was very large, saucer-shaped, not thin but rather thick with a dome on top. It had a luminous glow to it, kinda like the moon. It had some darker areas, or some kind of markings on the thick rim. No sound. 
 We watched it for a few minutes. My girlfriend and I could hear my Mom say "Get in the car, Dad! Get in the car, Dad!" We then sped away. The object just stayed there as we drove out of sight. On the way home I dropped my girlfriend off at her Grandparent's house. We went inside and while we telling them what we saw, Channel-27 News/Harrisburg reported that they received over 100 reports of a UFO sightings. They said it was a Navy blimp. What we saw was NO blimp. 
 My girlfriend went to work the next day at Weis Market in Mifflintown. One of her co-workers had said that they saw a UFO the night before, where she lived. Which was in Juniata County, in the East Waterford/Honey Grove area. 
 I never officially reported the sighting before, because I didn't know to whom to report it to. I was watching a tv program the other day on Dish Network about the MUFON. So I decided to report my UFO sighting.
 Please contact me about this report. I'm very interested in what you find out. I would gladly sit down with a sketch-artist and one of your investigators.

Thank you.
