{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-14 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497326","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":18245,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/326/mufon-5497326.json","updb_database_id":5497326}
{cak} Witnessed many firey objects following an aerial path. One broke path and came towards me. Passing directly overhead @ 200 ft above me. Then continued onward smoothly, gliding to previous altitude.

On Sunday night around 7 pm, after sun went down, I was inside my home. My boyfriend came up fast and said to get outside quick. So I followed him out to the front of our house and we ran out to middle of street, and he was pointing up, saying look! What I saw looked like fire balls gliding smoothly from the north. They were on a from N to a NNE approximate path. As I watched they appeared out of nowhere, just gliding along. Never saw any rapid acceleration. One would appear then couple seconds later another is following, same speed and altitude, a couple of seconds then another. This continued for a few minutes. At this time about 4 of them clustered up on the same path. They were moving around each other. Moving around one and back up and moving around in front of one of them. I wanted to run inside before they quit coming, but when I see the clustering I wanted to see if they were moving like a helicopter or those balloons, but the movement was deliberate and moving around much too quick. I wanted to see what movements would occur. My boyfriend and I were listening carefully to see if there was any sound. Nothing. I wanted too see if it would make a drone sound, but nothing. It was completely quite and not a cloud in the sky. My boyfriend noted to me that previously more than 4 had congregated. Right before he came to get me. Our neighbor is the one that alerted my boyfriend to look up. They said they hD been watching for a little while. Our neighbor on the other side said he saw them too. We asked him the next day. He described exactly what we saw. He said it looked like a gliding, cruising ball of orange fire going across the sky one after another. No sound. . When I see the cluster start to break apart and continue the aerial path they all seem to be following, I decide to run get my ipad so I could film it. When I get back out with it, i see they are still coming, so I set it up so my boyfriend could film. I wanted to run to the end of our street where the view was wide open and no trees. It ends at the water in the ocean. Also our street was dark w/ only a couple of night glowing dim lights. At the end where I wanted to go was brightly lit. I wanted to see if Anything would happen if they could see me clearly. Before I take off, the ipad with touch screen got touched incorrectly, in the dark, so i tried to get.back to the camera screen but ended up shutting it down. So as we start getting aggrevated waiting for it to power back up and hoping they wouldn't stop coming. It seemed like forever, but finally we had it back up. Now I hand it to.boyfriend and ask him to film them best he could. Now I take off for the end of the street. I stand there in the bright light alone with nothing around me. So my boyfriend is down the street about 4 or 5 houses filming. In about 3 minutes as I'm watching them cross the sky one after another, I start to notice one of them on the flight path starts heading in my direction and lowering itself in altitude. It doesn't zoom over me fast, it seems to maintaOn Sunday night around 7 pm, after sun went down, I was inside my home. My boyfriend came up fast and said to get outside quick. So I followed him out to the front of our house and we ran out to middle of street, and he was pointing up, saying look! What I saw looked like fire balls gliding smoothly from the north. They were on a from N to a NNE approximate path. As I watched they appeared out of nowhere, just gliding along. Never saw any rapid acceleration. One would appear then couple seconds later another is following, same speed and altitude, a couple of seconds then another. This continued for a few minutes. At this time about 4 of them clustered up on the same path. They were moving around each other. Moving around one and back up and moving around in front of one of them. I wanted to run inside before they quit coming, but when I see the clustering I wanted to see if they were moving like a helicopter or those balloons, but the movement was deliberate and moving around much too quick. I wanted to see what movements would occur. My boyfriend and I were listening carefully to see if there was any sound. Nothing. I wanted too see if it would make a drone sound, but nothing. It was completely quite and not a cloud in the sky. My boyfriend noted to me that previously more than 4 had congregated. Right before he came to get me. Our neighbor is the one that alerted my boyfriend to look up. They said they hD been watching for a little while. Our neighbor on the other side said he saw them too. We asked him the next day. He described exactly what we saw. He said it looked like a gliding, cruising ball of orange fire going across the sky one after another. No sound. . When I see the cluster start to break apart and continue the aerial path they all seem to be following, I decide to run get my ipad so I could film it. When I get back out with it, i see they are still coming, so I set it up so my boyfriend could film. I wanted to run to the end of our street where the view was wide open and no trees. It ends at the water in the ocean. Also our street was dark w/ only a couple of night glowing dim lights. At the end where I wanted to go was brightly lit. I wanted to see if Anything would happen if they could see me clearly. Before I take off, the ipad with touch screen got touched incorrectly, in the dark, so i tried to get.back to the camera screen but ended up shutting it down. So as we start getting aggrevated waiting for it to power back up and hoping they wouldn't stop coming. It seemed like forever, but finally we had it back up. Now I hand it to.boyfriend and ask him to film them best he could. Now I take off for the end of the street. I stand there in the bright light alone with nothing around me. So my boyfriend is down the street about 4 or 5 houses filming. In about 3 minutes as I'm watching them cross the sky one after another, I start to notice one of them on the flight path starts heading in my direction and lowering itself in altitude. It doesn't zoom over me fast, it seems to maintain same speed but just lowering itself as it gets to me. At this moment I'm frozen, staring up at it. in same speed but just lowering itself as it gets to me. At this moment I'm frozen, staring up at it. I'm in total disbelief that one is actually approaching me. All kinds of things are in my mind, what it stops over me and shoots down bright lights on me. As it gets really close, its about 100- 200 ft. directly overhead I wanted to soak in as much info about it as I could. I saw it perfectly. It was so strange how it crossed over me so slow.On Sunday night around 7 pm, after sun went down, I was inside my home. My boyfriend came up fast and said to get outside quick. So I followed him out to the front of our house and we ran out to middle of street, and he was pointing up, saying look! What I saw looked like fire balls gliding smoothly from the north. They were on a from N to a NNE approximate path. As I watched they appeared out of nowhere, just gliding along. Never saw any rapid acceleration. One would appear then couple seconds later another is following, same speed and altitude, a couple of seconds then another. This continued for a few minutes. At this time about 4 of them clustered up on the same path. They were moving around each other. Moving around one and back up and moving around in front of one of them. I wanted to run inside before they quit coming, but when I see the clustering I wanted to see if they were moving like a helicopter or those balloons, but the movement was deliberate and moving around much too quick. I wanted to see what movements would occur. My boyfriend and I were listening carefully to see if there was any sound. Nothing. I wanted too see if it would make a drone sound, but nothing. It was completely quite and not a cloud in the sky. My boyfriend noted to me that previously more than 4 had congregated. Right before he came to get me. Our neighbor is the one that alerted my boyfriend to look up. They said they hD been watching for a little while. Our neighbor on the other side said he saw them too. We asked him the next day. He described exactly what we saw. He said it looked like a gliding, cruising ball of orange fire going across the sky one after another. No sound. . When I see the cluster start to break apart and continue the aerial path they all seem to be following, I decide to run get my ipad so I could film it. When I get back out with it, i see they are still coming, so I set it up so my boyfriend could film. I wanted to run to the end of our street where the view was wide open and no trees. It ends at the water in the ocean. Also our street was dark w/ only a couple of night glowing dim lights. At the end where I wanted to go was brightly lit. I wanted to see if Anything would happen if they could see me clearly. Before I take off, the ipad with touch screen got touched incorrectly, in the dark, so i tried to get.back to the camera screen but ended up shutting it down. So as we start getting aggrevated waiting for it to power back up and hoping they wouldn't stop coming. It seemed like forever, but finally we had it back up. Now I hand it to.boyfriend and ask him to film them best he could. Now I take off for the end of the street. I stand there in the bright light alone with nothing around me. So my boyfriend is down the street about 4 or 5 houses filming. In about 3 minutes as I'm watching them cross the sky one after another, I start to notice one of them on the flight path starts heading in my direction and lowering itself in altitude. It doesn't zoom over me fast, it seems to maintaOn Sunday night around 7 pm, after sun went down, I was inside my home. My boyfriend came up fast and said to get outside quick. So I followed him out to the front of our house and we ran out to middle of street, and he was pointing up, saying look! What I saw looked like fire balls gliding smoothly from the north. They were on a from N to a NNE approximate path. As I watched they appeared out of nowhere, just gliding along. Never saw any rapid acceleration. One would appear then couple seconds later another is following, same speed and altitude, a couple of seconds then another. This continued for a few minutes. At this time about 4 of them clustered up on the same path. They were moving around each other. Moving around one and back up and moving around in front of one of them. I wanted to run inside before they quit coming, but when I see the clustering I wanted to see if they were moving like a helicopter or those balloons, but the movement was deliberate and moving around much too quick. I wanted to see what movements would occur. My boyfriend and I were listening carefully to see if there was any sound. Nothing. I wanted too see if it would make a drone sound, but nothing. It was completely quite and not a cloud in the sky. My boyfriend noted to me that previously more than 4 had congregated. Right before he came to get me. Our neighbor is the one that alerted my boyfriend to look up. They said they hD been watching for a little while. Our neighbor on the other side said he saw them too. We asked him the next day. He described exactly what we saw. He said it looked like a gliding, cruising ball of orange fire going across the sky one after another. No sound. . When I see the cluster start to break apart and continue the aerial path they all seem to be following, I decide to run get my ipad so I could film it. When I get back out with it, i see they are still coming, so I set it up so my boyfriend could film. I wanted to run to the end of our street where the view was wide open and no trees. It ends at the water in the ocean. Also our street was dark w/ only a couple of night glowing dim lights. At the end where I wanted to go was brightly lit. I wanted to see if Anything would happen if they could see me clearly. Before I take off, the ipad with touch screen got touched incorrectly, in the dark, so i tried to get.back to the camera screen but ended up shutting it down. So as we start getting aggrevated waiting for it to power back up and hoping they wouldn't stop coming. It seemed like forever, but finally we had it back up. Now I hand it to.boyfriend and ask him to film them best he could. Now I take off for the end of the street. I stand there in the bright light alone with nothing around me. So my boyfriend is down the street about 4 or 5 houses filming. In about 3 minutes as I'm watching them cross the sky one after another, I start to notice one of them on the flight path starts heading in my direction and lowering itself in altitude. It doesn't zoom over me fast, it seems to maintain same speed but just lowering itself as it gets to me. At this moment I'm frozen, staring up at it. in same speed but just lowering itself as it gets to me. At this moment I'm frozen, staring up at it. I'm in total disbelief that one is actually approaching me. All kinds of things are in my mind, what it stops over me and shoots down bright lights on me. As it gets really close, its about 100- 200 ft. directly overhead I wanted to soak in as much info about it as I could. I saw it perfectly. It was so strange how it crossed over me so slow. What I saw was a circular bottom of it, with small ovals that circled around the inside of the ircular bottom. They looked like the little windows, only except you couldn't see in them. All the bottom was a dull silver colo including the color inside the ovals. They basically looked like oval outlines, same color inside as out. Now inside the circle inside the center is where the fire was. The fire looked just like the fire from a rocket as it ascends from launch. Only thing was the fire was trailing behind. It was a short bright white and orange contained blasting fire. It didn't make a sound at all. I craned my head as it passed to try to see what was above the flames, but it was so dark I couldn't make it out. I saw some vague outline of the rest of the object above the flame. I didn't see a full outline, just a quick snip of some dark mass. It almost looked like it was the size as one of those drones. It wasn't huge at all. It seemed to look about 1 1/2 ft across the bottom at the widest circumference across the center of circle. After it passes over my head it just starts climbing heading up to its previous altitude. It meets up with one that was behind this one on the regular path and they just keep heading in same direction. I watch them until the disappear from my sight. I watch a couple more to see if anything else will happen, but nothing. They just kept coming, so I figured this would be a great time to make sure it was all filmed. I yell out to my boyfriend did he see that and film that! No answer. He wasn't even outside so he missed it all. What I saw was a circular bottom of it, with small ovals that circled around the inside of the ircular bottom. They looked like the little windows, only except you couldn't see in them. All the bottom was a dull silver color including the color inside the ovals. They basically looked like oval outlines, same inside as out. Now inside the circle inside the center is where the fire was. The fire looked just like the fire from a rocket as it ascends from launch. Only thing was the fire was trailing behind. It was a short bright white and orange contained blasting fire. It didn't make a sound at all. I craned my head as it passed to try to see what was above the flames, but it was so dark I couldn't make it out. I saw some vague outline of the rest of the object above the flame. I didn't see a full outline, just a quick snip of some dark mass. It almost looked like it was the size as one of those drones. It wasn't huge at all. It seemed to look about 1 1/2 ft across the bottom at the widest circumference across the center of circle. After it passes over my head it just starts climbing heading up to its previous altitude. It meets up with one that was behind this one on the regular path and they just keep heading in same direction. I watch them until the disappear from my sight. I watch a couple more to see if anything else will happen, but nothing. They just kept coming, so I figured this would be a great time to make sure it was all filmed. I yell out to my boyfriend did he see that and film that! No answer. He wasn't even outside so he missed it all. I ran inside to see what happened and he said he tried but it kept jumping to another screen and he couldn't get it right. He said he was over the ipad and he just we t inside. I pick up the ipad to see if he got anything, but there was hardly any and what is there is so short that you just wish it had of continued. So I decide to forget it because I wanted to watch them at the very least. So I go back out and they were still doing the same thing. Now it appeared it was slowing down because there was a lot more time lapsed before a other shows up. I watched for another 15 min. until no more came.. Then look around to see if any aircraft come around or anything that might be involved. There was nothing so I went inside. Thats the whole story,
