{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529326","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26204","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4977,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/326/mufon-5529326.json","updb_database_id":5529326}
Close encounter of the third kind - they use to visit this place once per month

My english is good, but I have problems to be exactly and drescbribe some specify situations; so I'll write on your lenguage but onfly a part of the experience I have to say. If you think this is something that requires your attention let me know by mail and we could we talk by phone (in this case I'll give you my phone number), only thry to get someone who speaks spanish (preferently).

Introduction:
We (my father and I) know some person on "El Golfo de Santa Clara" he's an old friend of us. He's always searching "inusual things" on the desert close to Santa Clara. He's a very poor man, whith no knoweledge or education (no school) but he have been found some interesting things on his place like anciend bones, maybe dinosaurs, histories and some of them: UFO's Hirtories. By the way my father It's very respected on our comunity as a good local History teacher and as a "Chronicler of City" as well, as a life charge on the City Council.

Our history:
For this specify case I'll tell you the expirience of this friend of us he lived few years ago. Not one of the histories he found, but the lived experice.
He told us he was the guide of some group sometime, and they were in a expedition close to "El Pinacate". They found some forestal guard there and made friendship with him, so he ivited them to pass the night at his cabin. They were talking arround the fire when the guard told them about some UFO contacts he had been having for months. The guard told them next date to see the alien visitor, would be the day. So if they wnated to check them, they could be stay there with him until late of the next day.

They did it whitout believe him so much but they wait that night and almost all other day.

When they were about to lieve that place the guard said the visitor were about to come, cause something were hapening with the sky and clouds, something stange. Few minutes later the saw the object coming from sky and landing close to the cabin. 3 srtange beings came out from the ship (2 of htem like 3 and a half feet tall, very small persons and the other one very tall, like 6 or 7 feet tall). They could believe that was happening. No matter they started som mental comunication with them and then they knew the tall one was some kind of robot (or not living being or controled robod created by the small people).

Well they ask some stupid and good questions, but are the answers of the good question taht made us think (my father and me) that this encounter could be real. Because like I said, uor friend is not a very knoweled man so many of answer were about informations he couldn't be know. Like posible trayectories from some galaxies to our planet, the reason they use to visit the earth (once per month at the same date), the way the small people talked about they have a God called "Dionisio" (or something) wich they didn't know, but they were assure of his existence and no matter the thousands of years ahead in relation to us, they talk about his God as we talk of us, like some invisible, powerful, peacefull, loving and constructor being.

Our own experience:
We have much more specify details of this close encounter they had. Acctually we tried to go that place once at the date he told us and he was our guide, but we couldn't go not even to the place. So far as we made was to place were we was able to see "El Pinacate" as a small mountain in the horizon. And in some moment of the night we could see 2 lights over there like helichopters because they uses to saty for minutes on one place over the mountain and they used to go down behind the same mountain at very fast speed. I mean like the tipical UFO's movements. Going fast to the right, left, up, down over the same place. You know, "El Pinacate" it's very high mountain, and they made their moves twice the geight of the mountain as we could see from our position.

In resume:
We have much more and specify information about the questions and ansewrs and the experience they had at that place, as the exactly place,and date they use to come. So if you are interested to know all the history please let me know (like I said) by mail. Other way I don't think it's a good idea to leave more information on a webpage, for security reasons.

Thanks very much.

*(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
