{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515326","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7989,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/326/mufon-5515326.json","updb_database_id":5515326}
[flg] Dull brown silhouetted craft, outline only, no other discernable features, moving from W to E across the course of a boat on Lake Michigan 2.5 miles W of downtown Chicago.

Conditions: September 25, 2012. Around 5 pm, clear, unlimited visibility, wind out of the WSW at 17 mph steady with gusts to 21 mph and lulls to 11 mph, 1-2 foot waves, scattered cirrus clouds to the Southeast, water temperature 67F, air temperature 76F, water depth at viewing location between 32-40 feet, barometer (somewhere around) 29MB.

Viewing Platform: 32 foot Beneteau sailboat, under sail heading S-SE at 3.7-4.3 knots, 2 crew on board.

Location: Approximately 2+ miles East off shore of the Lake Michigan Western Shore by South Downtown Chicago on a N-S course in between the Harrison Dever Crib and the 4 Mile Crib, to the North of the 4 Mile Crib. 

Viewers: Two Chicagoans with collective 30 years of experience sailing in and around Chicago. One viewer experienced in the aerospace industry, including commercial, military and experimental aircraft industry. 

While both viewers had an unobstructed view dead ahead of their vessel which was underway and on a Starboard tack with its head sail and main sail off to Port side, both witnesses saw a dull brownish object moving through the air at an undeterminable rate of speed, at an undeterminable height, but which appeared to be low enough, seeming just above the water, to cause both viewers to call out in panic to the other. The object came into view about 10 degrees to starboard of the course of the boat and quickly moving from West to East crossed the boats T, dead ahead of the boat and its course, disappearing from the viewers view behind the large Genoa foresail that was fully extended. 

Both viewers later told one another that they thought they were seeing a small aircraft, due to the objects shape and speed, at an extremely low altitude and were very concerned that the aircraft was either in trouble itself or posed a possible danger to the vessel because of its low altitude.

The crewman manning the helm immediately leaned over to Port to look under the bottom edge of the Genoa in order to pick up the expected flight path of the suspected aircraft. When the aircraft failed to appear (approx 3-4 seconds from time of last viewing) where it should have appeared based upon its approximated trajectory prior to being obscured by the foresail, the helmsman executed an abrupt starboard turn, about 10-15 degrees, in order to move the foresail out of the viewing area.

Both crewman then stood and visually scanned the airspace to Port of the boat but could not find any objects or aircraft aloft. The view was unobstructed all the way to the Indiana coast line. The crew then scanned the water for debris or disturbance and found nothing out of the ordinary. The vessel was returned to its original course, putting the boat on course to intercept the estimated flight path of the object and a visual search of the water was conducted for the next 10 minutes. The crew was looking for any floating debris from a downed aircraft. Binoculars were made ready and the VHF was turned on and tuned to Channel 16 in order to make an emergency broadcast for assistance to first responders in the event debris was found. No debris was in fact found. The boat was returned to its normal operating condition and continued on its course. No further objects similar to the first were sited. 

In discussion, the two viewers agreed that they had seen an object for approximately 3-4 seconds, that it disappeared for good once its view was blocked by the foresail, that it was unlikely any aircraft, including recently viewed F-18s such as those used by the Navy Blue Angels recently observed by the viewers that were observed from the same boat during the Chicago Airshow that year, could have moved out of visual range in the time it took to turn the boat to Starboard to clear the Genoa from the viewing area. The object that both viewers saw was aircraft like in overall outline, but could not be verified as being in fact an aircraft. It looked to be a dull brownish color. It had a non-reflective surface devoid of perceivable distinguishing features other than the outline or silhouetted shape which looked to be, a profile view of the object, and if described in the most basic terms, then as being roughly egg shaped with an extended armature to the "rear" of the object (or on the right side of the object as seen from the viewers perspective) that terminated in some sort of vertical surface or "tail". Both viewers at first mistook the object as a light aircraft, such as a Cessna 172 since that would be the most likely aircraft to "fit" with the objects apparent size, shape and speed. However, both witnesses agreed that given the apparent size of the craft, it it were in fact a Cessna 172, then distinguishing features such as propeller, wings, cockpit windows, paint coloration, struts and elevators would or should have been clearly visible, perhaps even the aircrafts ID numbering. However, none of those details were in fact seen by either witness. Suggesting that the object either was not a Cessna 172 or that it was a larger aircraft much further away. The shape of the object was also reminiscent of the port side profile of the Blackhawk transport helicopter. However, again, given the size of the object as witnessed, both viewers agreed that the distinguishing features of the Blackhawk aircraft would certainly have been visible along with auditory telltales such as engine noise and rotor wash over the water.

However, the viewed object displayed no other features, other than shape and color. The shape was clear and well defined and did not alter while the color remained completely uniform in consistency devoid of sun glare or shadowing of flight surfaces (if any). Both witnesses agreed that it looked like a large, brown, 2 dimensional cardboard cut out that was "aircraft like" in shape. 

No sounds were heard that could be attributed to the object. The viewers also sought to compare what they saw with local water fowl on the very unlikely chance that what they had seen was a local fowl viewed at an odd angle. The viewers looked for and soon located Cormorant, Seagulls and Ducks both near and at great distances and had no trouble immediately and clearly identifying them for what they were.

Since the viewers had no point of reference to use to determine either size or speed of the object those elements can not be reported factually. However, if asked to speculate, both viewers guessed that what they saw was likely something between the size of Cessna 172 and a B-24 Mitchell medium bomber, that its range was at least 100 yards from the viewers location and that it was moving level at a speed equal to or greater than 100 mph. Its height from the water was less than 100 feet. Given this, it remains entirely possible the viewed object was actually much larger, moving much more quickly and was much further away and was higher up - it is impossible to say - even so, the viewers still should have been able to pick it up visually after turning their boat to Starboard.
