{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-15 17:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516326","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41797","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3511,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/326/mufon-5516326.json","updb_database_id":5516326}
{cak} Silent, white object traveling over hwy22 appeared and disappeared

I had followed my husband down to our tin building(garage)about 5:20 in the evening of 8-15-2012 while talking about putting up our small pool for the hot weather. He open the door on the SW side and stepped into the garage and I stayed outside about 15ft away to the side to avoid the heat pouring out.

A movement caught my eye at the far eve line of the building. I called my husband to come out and see it. It was solid white and slightly dull, not reflecting the lowering sun, but had a glow only around the bottom. Initially I thought it to be a troubled plane trying to crash land when I realized there were no wing projections and no rear tail, no vapor trail or smoke, no color identifying paint or airline logo, flashing lights or windows. It was large enough and seemed close enough that I should have been able to see windows on a commercial airliner as that is what I initially thought it was. I tracked the object from the eve of the building going behind the uppermost branches of the tree at the edge of the property and lost sight of it in the leaves of the next tree (from where I was standing, the tree was about 70 feet away, and I was looking through the top most part of the tree - about 60-70 ft off the ground). My husband hurried out to the rural street and I to the other end of the 50ft garage and we couldnt locate it in the sky. There were no close hills for it to disappear behind as it was well close to our vantage point with nowhere to go to be blocked from our view at the speed it seemed to be going. It remained level in my view - not descending - but was just not there.

Our 60lb poodle/terrier mix dog came down the sidewalk almost staggering and shaking her head a few seconds later. I heard nothing - nor did my husband - but we both had a severe headache come on nearly instantly and advil didn't help for nearly 3 hours. Our 20 year old son came from the house a few minutes later with our other dog and neither had ill effects. The air was very still and hot, there were no bird or insect noises, but who feels like making noise in 90 degree heat? I noticed no smell of fuel or burning. Our daughter who had been in the house 80 feet away on the internet during this time said the power had blipped off for just a second or two, but only half the electrical items needed to have time reset. Being in a rural area, power blips happen and I can not say it was part of this event.

My husband never saw the object, but we did check news reports for airplane crashes or emergency landings and found none. There are no close private landing strips or municipal airports and it was far larger than any private plane or experimental craft Ive ever seen. Our farm butts up against OR. hwy 22, and glancing at the road, some cars did seem to be traveling slowly but I cant say they were looking at the same thing.
