{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-20 19:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455326","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2466,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/326/mufon-5455326.json","updb_database_id":5455326}
{cak} Triangular craft, two white lights on rear, one blinking red light on bottom.

I was sitting in my back yard, looking at the stars. Perfectly clear night, no wind, temp 75 deg F. I observed two aircraft overhead, flying NW to SE. The first was obviously a conventional aircraft; white strobe light, red anti-collision light, red and green navigation lights. The second craft was following the first one, far too close to it to have been under ATC control, less than a half-mile by my estimate. It appeared to be twice the size of the aircraft it was tailing. I could hear jet engine noise from only one aircraft. No other aircraft were near at the time. Both craft appeared to be at the same altitude and airspeed. The second craft appeared to be triangular in shape, with no visible navigation lights. It had two steady white lights on the rear, close together and not particularly bright, and a single, blinking red light on the bottom (not a strobe). The altitude and direction of both craft indicated (in my experience) that the first aircraft was probably inbound to Miami. After about 30 seconds, the second craft made a turn to the east and then to the north, where I lost sight of it behind some trees. The first aircraft continued on to the SE. I was watching both through binoculars, but could seen nothing about either craft that I could not see without them. The turns and airspeed of the second craft were both commensurate with those of a normal jet aircraft. As a retired USAF officer and a pilot, I am familiar with many types of aircraft under many conditions of weather and lighting. I have never seen anything that resembled this craft, except perhaps the B-2 Spirit or the F-117 Nighthawk, both of which I have observed in flight, but both of those aircraft display navigation lights and anti-collision strobes when not under combat conditions.
