{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 03:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504699","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54187","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2620,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/699/mufon-5504699.json","updb_database_id":5504699}
{rjl} Two intense orange orbs of light, moving uniformly with each other, then noticed us and interacted intelligently around each other

At around 3:!0 am new years day myself and 3 others got out of a cab a few houses down from where we live. I immediately spotted what I thought were 2 Thai/Chinese wishing lanterns floating in the sky. I made this snap judgement before I cast my direct gaze upon them. As soon as I looked directly at them (a fraction of a second later) I immediately knew they were not lanterns. I've seen millions of lanterns in my life (I've been in many parts of Asia for their respective new years), and these two lights were moving so steadily and uniformly with each other that I initially thought they were two lights on one craft. There were no clouds, but I assume they were in very low airspace. If it were a plane, or craft from our planet, it would've been low enough to be very loud. However, they were much higher than the tree tops. In the initial moments of trying to figure out what they were, I noticed that in between the two lights I could see stars, so it was not one craft, but rather two separate orbs, moving in unison together. The light they were emitting was unwavering and steady- dissimilar to a lantern. The light was contained within their shape, unlike a streetlight's light that radiates out. In the first moments of realizing we were seeing something spectacular, we started to get excited and pointed, one friend got cell phone footage. As we walked further into the streetlight they stopped moving toward us (in a NE direction). They hovered for about a half a second, and started moving around and interacting closely with each other at ease. About a minute later one of the orbs shot upward towards to stars very quickly. Because there was a streetlight in our vision it was difficult to perceive it's departure. The second light hung around for a few minutes, then slowly and steadily moved upward until it blended in with the stars. That departure took a few minutes.
