{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-17 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494699","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/699/mufon-5494699.json","updb_database_id":5494699}
{cak} unusual light display in south western sky

As my husband and I were taking out some trash and letting our UFO tracking dog for a run in early evening. When I looked out into the south western sky large sheets of lights similar to thunder storm lightning but there was no thunder to accompany the light show. There was no sound at all in fact. My dog is scared silly by lightning storms was totally unbothered by the light show. There was no visable source to the light and it came from just off the horizon in the southwestern sky. Suprisingly the display ended just above my head. I looked north east and the lights did not go past my position on the ground. The smaller of our local lights the ones I have named the lapsa opso of the UFO universe because of their small size. They come in 7 colors including red, yellow, blue, green, orange, and white. The light display reflected a selection of these colors.
I wonder if they were putting on the show just for me, they did so once before, the small colored lights streaked through high thin clouds in a night sky. It was quite beautiful. I enjoyed the display, and I doubt that they were doing nothing but playing around on a boring night. They have been fighting the bad guys quite frequently here lately and I guess they drove off the opposition and was celebrating there conquest over the bad guys. When I first started working at a local chicken processing plant, one of my fellow co-workers was a cave explorer and had been spending a lot of time exploring the local network of caverns and tunnels under our local area. He told me of finding yellow cake or what is commonly known as Urainium 238. I have seen shows on some of the television channels that carry shows about UFO's, and that they had great interest in U-238 and their use of it for propulsion. I think our local lights are put here to protect these deposits. They fight any other groups of UFO's from getting to the U-238. From what my friend said it is impossible to mine this ore by normal means and my friends have drilled tunnels one of which I have seen up the street from where I live or I would have skeptical about them myself. This tunnel was dug up while the city utilities was putting a new water line on our street and dug though the tunnel while excavating for the water line. They receive orders to put a concrete culvert the size of the tunnel before filling in the trench. No one said where the orders came for that but I would supect the U.S. Government. These tunnels date back in local history to before the Civil War. The local historian said that the Union Army used the tunnels for storage of guns and ammo. So they have existed for quiet some time. To think these objects have been around for at least 150 years or more astounds me to no end.
