{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-05 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546699","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"21172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3753,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/699/mufon-5546699.json","updb_database_id":5546699}
TILTED HAT SHAPE

My son and I came home from shopping for pet supplies at walmart, we got out of my Jeep Cherokee that I had parked in our driveway in front of our single car garage, my son opened the back hatch of the Jeep, he and I then grabbed the supplies from the back of the Jeep, leaving the hatch open, because I had to come back and get the last of the supplies. We took off heading towards the house, my son was about 5 feet ahead of me. He was walking along side of the house's garage's side walk, looking up in a western direction, at that point he stated to me, "what the heck is that?", do you see it? What is it?" i heard him and glanced up to where he was pointing but did not see anything, leaving him still looking up,I was really in a rush to get in the house and get settled in and relax ,not really caring so much at that moment as to what he seen. Once I unlocked the door of the house I asked him what was it that he seen? He told me it looked like a hat, I was sceptical as to what he actually thought it was he had seen. I dropped off my supplies and headed back to the car. The car was facing a west to northwest direction in the driveway, as I was grabbing the pet supplies by the handles in the back of the vehicle. the hatch at this time was still in an upright open position.  I began staring upwards through the glass of the vehicles back hatch. The glass is factory smoked and inhanced the night sky, I saw a dark shadow, its size was about 1 and 1/2 inches in width, it was in the upper left hand corner of the hatches glass, i noted this because it was darker than the glass and sky's color, I thought it was a dirty spot on the glass and it looked like an upside down hat, then, remembering what my son seen I slowly looked around the hatch,while keeping a constant visual on the object, now, looking at this object straight on in the western sky, it was a dark mass, darker then the night's sky. I stared at the dark silloutte in the sky for about 45 seconds, then, it started to move in an eastern direction where it looked like it flew over the house and behind the tree, where, in reality, it was around 1 and 1/2 to 2 miles west from my garages roof top where I at that time lost sight of the unknown object when it flew behind the tree. At this point, I went in the house after I locked up the car and grabbed the supplies I had earlier purchased. I then asked my son to draw what he seen, he told me that hes "not a great artist" I then told him to try and draw it as best he can. I had drawn mine prior to this, and when I saw his drawing it looked exactly like mine,only difference being mine was in an upside down position opposite of the position of his. At this point I became stunned realizing that we had, in fact witnessed the exact same thing! My son is 13 years old, in the 7th grade in school a A and B student and very mature for his age. Both of us are sure that we definitely witnessed something that night that is inexplicable and not anything that is of our skies that is a normal phenomenam.
