{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-19 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475699","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4060,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/699/mufon-5475699.json","updb_database_id":5475699}
Fish/boat like, as if it had a sail, aircraft slowly moving across sky turning like a fish and off into the distance unobservable

Sat on the roof of our studios in south London, three friends and myself enjoying the hot summer evening.There were very few clouds in the sky , if any but the evening was very hazey, I remarked it looking like a foggy day. We were very relaxed and calm chatting over a drink about the mundane when I spotted the object over the shoulder of one of my friends stood in front of me. Strangely I felt as though I blurted out and pointed "what's that? " before even having seen/registered the UFO properly. I was facing south south west and my friends facing me turned and looked and seemed quite non plus by the object. I said "get your phones out" (I had run out of storage on my phone and thought of multiple footage) so my oldest friend took a photo, just one and a short video ( I later found out) The other two didn't bother which was frustrating and put me I'll at ease to be honest. The object at this point turned and almost looked as though it vanished but a thin line of its colour and slight bulbousness of both the top and bottom sections of the vessel were still visible. The vessel itself looked a lot like two fish on top of one another, with a slight gap between them. More so however, it looked as if it was a boat with a sail, the same size as each other. The bottom section seemed to be rounded but strong points at either end where the sail section could have had three points to it but aerodynamic. Very much like a short/wide sail. The object having turned direction turned again for us to see the side once more and we all now thought it bizarre and were trying to explain what it could be. It made no noise , it was very small in our vision but distinguishable. I had a notebook with me so drew many pictures. The vessel then did a turn again like before, still heading in a westerly direction then turned again for us to see it's side once more. I demanded my friends give me their phone as I didn't feel they might have got enough evidence, so I filmed the object as it headed off into the distance. The whole time it kept an even altitude and speed. The turns it made were so very much like a fish in water, very fluid and in a distinct path. The object carried on in what I would consider a controlled direction west until it was out of view. During the sighting my friends were varying in disposition, one chatting and unfazed , the person he was directing his conversation to I could tell was keen to observe and discuss the object but felt as though rude to not carry on his conversation. The friend who took the photo after I'd asked him to was more interested in my excitement and didn't seemed bothered by the object much itself either. The video I took is poor as it doesn't show the full side and by the time of filming, was much further from us than first sight.
