{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284685","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118733","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/685/mufon-5284685.json","updb_database_id":5284685}
Translucent and pulsating/vibrating. Hovering and moving slowly

It began with a humming sound and a feeling of electricity moving through my body. I heard it before i saw anything and I knew right where to look as it appeared. It was a super cloudy, but lights appeared in the clouds. They were very sharp and distinct lights just lightly within the clouds. I watched it move through the clouds over my house. It would stop and continue. I could make out the form of a pyramid although it was translucent. I could make out the shape within the clouds as well as in clear sky. It was completely translucent, yet the form was unmistakable. Its volume was distinct in its space. It seemed to be powerful energy. I could feel electricity fill me so much that it seemed to be shooting out of my fingertips. I could see the clouds affected by the movement, but it was subtle. When hovering above me, it displayed 3 red lights, in a triangle shape, on the bottom of the form. As it moved away, I would notice different colored lights in different places about the form. It would move away toward the front of my house and then come back to where i was in the back yard. Then it would move in circles or straight lines while keeping right above my backyard. It would hover and move again. I watched it for at least 20 minutes. I was transfixed. It made a humming sound. It was sort of like a soft, whispering engine. After some time, I could feel the noise more than I could hear it. It was low, like humming electricity. (This is the craft I described in response to the above questions). Later in the night, I was outside with my husband describing what happend when a light appeared from the east. My husband said it was a plane, but I knew it wasnt moving like a plane. It continued straight toward us so slowly that my husband could no longer say "plane." Then he said it was a helicopter. He said he could hear the sound of a helicopter. I could only hear the same low humming, like before. Also, it was dark out and it didnt have a spot light. Instead it seemed to glow. Light did not shoot out like in a helicopter search light, but seemed to just radiate in a glow. It did flash a red light, which my husband still says means its a helicopter. I watched it while it moved across the sky. He refused to even look at it when it came overhead because he thought it couldnt be real. Even at its closest, I couldnt make out a form, nor could I hear any sound like a helicopter. Please note that my area inn upstate NY receives very, very little air traffic. We are in the sticks. I do believe this second sighting was different from what I experienced earlier in the night, yet I think the two are related somehow. I did not have the same wild, gripping feeling of electricity that I had earlier. I did get pics of the second sighting, however. Id like to know if my experience was real like I believe it to be. Even if the second sighting was a helicopter, I will still believe in what I saw and felt the first time. If you could please let me know what you see in the pics and what you think of my experience, I would greatly appreciate you. I do apologize if I have wasted your time, but I thank you for that time none the less.
