{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-03-06 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459685","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101803","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2782,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/685/mufon-5459685.json","updb_database_id":5459685}
{rjl} Saw a light in the sky and it seemed to follow along with us.

It was around 8pm, March 6, 2009. I was in the backseat of a car with my father(now deceased), my brother-in-law and sister(now deceased) traveling North on highway 77 from Lyons Nebraska to Walthill Nebraska. It was a clear night. I was sitting in the back seat looking out of the side window looking west. This is a very rural area, mostly fields with a few farms here and there. I noticed a bright light off in the distance in the sky but not too high. At first I 
thought it was a plane. I noticed that it wasn’t blinking and I asked what they thought that might be. We continued on for about 10 miles, my brother-in-law then pulled over and rolled down his window to see if we could hear it. There was no sound from it. We continued on and it was still traveling along with us to the west. It wasn’t too high in the sky as I could look straight out the side window in the back and see it. We finally got to the turn to go down into Walthill, which is on Highway 94 about a mile off of 77. As we went down the hill, I could no longer see the light because of trees and the hill to the west. We went to our father’s home to drop him off. We were there about 45 minutes or so and left to go to my home in Homer, Nebraska. As we got back on Highway 77, I looked to the west and jokingly said, “I wonder where the UFO went?” As soon as I said that, the light rose up from behind the hill!!! We all gasped and my brother-in-law pulled over and we watched it start moving to the North. This time it was just ahead of us to the NW. I was in the back and could see it out of the front window on the driver’s side. We traveled about 5 miles and was almost to Winnebago Nebraska, when it moved In front of us, but still in the distance,so we could see it directly out of the front window. It started blinking different colors (before it was like a car light without the beam) it blinked for maybe 30 seconds or so then just vanished before our eyes!!! We didn’t know what to do or who to tell...none of us had a cell phone with a camera or video back then. It is something that I will never forget!
