{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505685","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53159","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/685/mufon-5505685.json","updb_database_id":5505685}
About 10 bright red lights flew faster than jet planes.

I live in South Eastern Poland (about 70 miles from the border with Ukraine). On Jan 1 2014, a few minutes after midnight my 14 year old son and I went outside our house to see and hear fireworks (New Year celebration). As we were looking at the sky, I noticed a red light, brighter than the brightest star, moving across the sky in the direction of north. I showed it to my son and noted that it seemed to be moving much faster than jet planes. We heard no sounds but the night was quite noisy due to the fireworks our neighbors and others in the area were playing with. After the light passed us and we were looking at it facing north, it disappeared about 45 degrees above the horizon.

I was surprised mostly by the speed of the object and the first explanation that came to my mind was a rocket launched from Ukraine.

As soon as the light disappeared we noticed another, identical red light over the south-western horizon moving north north-west. It was also fast. It was coming from the same direction.

Our attention switched from fireworks to the strange, red lights. We kept seeing more and more of the lights going either north or north-west, all moving faster than jet-planes and all coming from the same point south-east. They appeared pretty regularly, but at one point we saw 3 of them at the same time in the sky.

Around 00:30 we went back home and I asked my wife to come out to see the light. It was the last of the red lights that I saw that night (I waited awhile after that but didn't see any more of the lights). Between about 00:10 and 00:30 we saw probably 10 or 12 of those objects.

Even though we didn't see the shape of the objects and they were moving evenly across the sky, the brightness and the speed were very unusual. It made such an impression on me that for the next few hours I kept watching the news channel, expecting to hear about mysterious explosions in western Europe or in America. Obviously I am relieved no such events were reported, but I am still very curious what it was.

I should probably add that I don't drink alcohol (religion) and I don't believe that aliens can reach our planet (I guess I should say I don't believe in UFOs).
