{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-07-17 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460685","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100510","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5267,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/685/mufon-5460685.json","updb_database_id":5460685}
{rjl} Between 9-12 disc shaped glowing objects came into view outside window one at a time forming a circle, then each ship dropped below circle at a delibe

It was late summer in 1973 or 1974. My brother, David and I were home alone for the evening. Our parents had gone out to dinner and our sister, Davina, had a date with her boyfriend, leaving us home for the evening. David was in his bedroom and I in the living room watching TV. It was 9 pm when something caught my eye outside the window next to me. I saw a bright light coming down from the sky. It then hovered over the lake in our pasture. I turned off the TV and continued watching when another light came down hovering about fifty feet above the first UFO for just a second or two and dropping down next to the first about ten or fifteen from it. 
I yelled for David to come quickly. He and I watched as another UFO came down, repeating the approach of the first two hovering over the lake. Now there were three UFO’s over the lake in our pasture. David was as fascinated as I. He suggested we go upstairs for a better view. We ran up the stairs and went to a window. These lights were less than 100 feet from us. They continued coming down one by one first stopping at the same point of entrance to the circle now being formed. Now, these silent, disc shaped lighted machines were hovering merely feet from us. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing, and neither could David. We were speechless. I was trying my best to make sense of what these machines could possibly be. There was no sound coming from them. Not even a hum. It was Total silence while we watched multiple flying saucers come out of nowhere and form a huge circle just above the lake in our pasture. I tried to identify their approximate size by estimating how many humans could fit in one of them. It looked like only one person could fit in each machine while sitting only with no standing room whatsoever. They were all the same size and by the time the circle was complete, there were between nine and twelve silent, hovering disc shaped bright lights just outside our window. They sat perfectly still, hovering in place for about five minutes, maybe more, when suddenly I realized my brother and I were alone and being responsible for him, it occurred to me that maybe I should be afraid. Who were they, what did they want and what is going to happen now? Until that moment it was simply a matter of curiosity, amazement and time stood still without any sense of a threat or concern. It appears the very moment I felt fear, the last ship to arrive lifted from the circle about fifty feet, to the same place each one had hovered before entering the circle and shot off into the sky at a speed that was incomprehensible. 
It was the beginning of the retreat. There was something fascinating not only with the way the first UFO arrived forming their circle, but also about the way they left. As each ship reversed it’s circular position to place the next ship retreating directly below that point where one by one each had stopped for a few seconds hovering over the circle before entering and now exiting from. Each ship moved back to that point of entry where the last one lifted from the circle and did the same thing. Each ship uncircled as if in formation exactly the way they entered the circle. The very last ship to leave and being right next to the point of exit did not simply shift over a few feet to the left to get to that point it made the entire now invisible circle to get to that point below where it lifted and hovered for a few seconds before shooting out of sight as had all the others. The silence and their extreme flying capability of these ships was unbelievable. The whole event lasted about fifteen minutes. When it was over, David and I stood there looking at each other, our mouths wide open wondering if we actually saw what we just saw. We decided not to tell anyone, who would believe us? This was our special sighting that was just between us. 
Fours years later my brother, David died in an automobile accident. Until that moment, neither of us spoke of this, as agreed. After his death it occurred to me that now it was only my word of the events that took place that night. I now regretted agreeing to being silent. The loss of my beautiful brother was the single worst thing that had ever happened to me. This very special sighting remains just that, ours only. Which is ok, because it was for our eyes only anyway. Some things are best left alone. I know what we witnessed, I just don’t know why nor the meaning of this encounter. Yet, there certainly was one in my opinion. I hope David knows now.
