{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-05 03:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456685","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104900","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3991,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/685/mufon-5456685.json","updb_database_id":5456685}
{rjl} I had a dream that I was standing under a ufo space craft and a moving in slow motion then an orb appeared and when I woke up it was in my bed room

I went to sleep and had a dream that I was in the back yard with my girl friend. And I looked up and it was a ufo space craft cloaking in and out above us. We where moving in slow motion and I was screaming at the top of my lungs Trish look up it's write there a space ship and she responded I don't see anything. We were talking in slow motion also I turned my head to the left in slow motion and an beautiful orb floated up from the ground inches from me and crossed to the right above my girl friend head and landed on the top of her hair. It had a tornado of leaves twirling under it and it was like the wind was blowing really hard it was the most vivid dream and the most beautiful colors I've ever seen. A leaf fail from the tornado turning leaves and touched the left side of my cheek and fail into my shirt and I said that's not a leaf it's touching me. As if it ran it's finger down my face. I came fighting out my sleep on the right side of the bed mid range from the head board and something to me to look to my left I looked over my girl friend who was sleeping next to me and my daughter was also on that side of the room asleep. The same beautiful orb rose up with the tornado of leaves turning underneath it slowly raised higher over the bed crossing over to my side of the room and I literally grabbed myself to make sure I was awake. Something told me to calm down and I laid back in the bed and relaxed as if something made me calm. I never took my eyes off the orb as it pulsated like it had a heart beat the color would dim and then get very bright and it rose above my window about a foot from the ceiling with tornado turning leaves beneath it I laid there watching it as it seem to be staring at me pulsating dim to a beautiful blue over and over till it disappeared. I immediately set up and rush to the bathroom and couldn't believe what I had just seen. I thought that if I told my girlfriend what I had just seen in the room she would think that I was losing my mind. I feel very violated and I had a tingling sensation running down my cheek into my chest exactly where the leaf fell on my face it tingle for like real 4 hours after this event. As I walked back into the bedroom I figured I had to tell her I turned the light on and I was rushed with so much emotion and tears just fell from my eyes I felt like something literally had just been in our home and violated our space I woke her up and I told her my dream is I've replayed this over and over in my head a million times I told her exactly what happened if something was just in this house and she started to cry we both were crying filled with so much emotion and every since then. as I walked back into the bedroom I figured I had to tell her. I turned the light on and I was rushed with so much emotion and Tears just fell from my eyes. I felt like something literally had just been in our home and violated our space. I woke up and I told her my dream and exactly what just occurred. I told her something was just in this house and she started to cry we both were crying filled with so much emotion and ever since then some of the craziest things have been happening around our home it feels like something literally comes and visit when it feels like it.
