{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-08 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282685","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2880,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/685/mufon-5282685.json","updb_database_id":5282685}
Sighting from third-floor apartment

It was roughly 4:30 PM on Tuesday, February 8.
I noticed the sky had cleared, and the sun was coming out, so I was thinking about flying my drone. 
I frequently launch from my third-floor balcony.
So I checked the weather radar, checked the aircraft radar, and then stepped up to my very large window to look out at the sky.
I noticed what appeared to be a flock of birds flying in the distance.
Then I noticed they were way too high for birds of this area to be flying… And they look kind of white and reflective.
Upon further observation, I noticed the distance using the buildings to estimate the distance. I also noticed that they would’ve been way too big to be birds.
They were flying towards me at an angle getting closer, I was mesmerized trying to figure out what the heck they were.
Then suddenly out of the corner of my eye, another one comes dashing in from above and behind, and joins in with the flock/squadron whatever you want to call it.
They continued in a straight line, at what I guess to be between 500 and 600 feet at roughly 100 to 125 miles an hour.
When I saw the stray join the group, that’s when I began thinking UAP.
They continue their flight path behind my building, where I lost visual.

However I could notice my neighbor walking his dog looking behind the house at something in the sky, looking confused… So I imagine he was looking at what I had just seen.

I then grabbed my cell phone, in hopes to get some type of a picture or video… I did not see the full flock/squadron again… But I did see two similar objects appear directly in front of me after about 10 minutes… They were much further away, and I did get a video.

The quality isn’t great, when you zoom in they do not look like what I saw up close… They look like orbs in the video… The things I seen was certainly not orbs.
They almost look like two diamonds attached to each other side-by-side moving in opposite motion up and down to one another… however it was difficult to see… Is everything was kind of reflective, very difficult to describe… Almost like a ghost, but more solid.
