{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-03-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508685","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49771","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/685/mufon-5508685.json","updb_database_id":5508685}
{kt}What we thought was a plane flew into a flourescent green diamond-shaped window & then disappeared.

First, I am writing this narrative to find out if anyone else has ever had a similar experience. I read a lot on-line... I listen to Coast to Coast... I have never heard anyone at anytime describe what my girlfriend and I saw/witnessed. I would really appreciate an answer. Thank you.

My girlfriend/future wife/now ex and I were sitting on a patch of grass outside her place of employment one night while she was taking a break... it was an office complex on Cole Road in Boise, Idaho (nearest major intersection was Cole and Franklin). It was, to the best of my recollection mid to late March, it may have been early April. We were smoking cigarettes and sitting side by side. We were facing East which in Boise means we were looking toward the ridge of mountains that run roughly North and South along the East edge of the city. The top of the ridge is approximately 3,500 feet above the city. It was a beautiful, clear night, and fairly warm for that time of year.

As we were sitting there chatting we were both looking East, not facing each other, which means we both had the same field of view. There was an obvious airliner flying South over (parallel with) the ridge overlooking Boise. I say it was an airliner because that was what it appeared to be... the right altitude, the right speed, it wasnt zigging or zagging, it was flashing an airliners anti-collision lights... etc. Neither of us commented on it because it was just an airliner but we were both watching it because it was the only thing moving in the sky and I suppose that was what drew our attention to it. 

Suddenly, a flourescent green "diamond" shaped opening appeared directly in front of the "aircraft" (I would estimate that the distance between the aircraft and the window was about the width of my thumb at arms-length). The "plane" flew into this "window" and disappeared. It did not fly through it... it flew into it and disappeared and as soon as the "plane" disappeared the "window" did as well.

My girlfriend and I looked at each other and at the same time said, "Did you see that!" It was the weirdest thing that either of us had ever seen... 

To this day I know what we saw... I just don't have any idea what it was or could have been. And I would love to know if anyone, anywhere, has ever seen anything like it or reported seeing anything like it. 

Now... having finished my narrative you can see how your above checklists don't exactly allow me to "check the boxes". Let me again thank you for letting me put this out there for your review and I would very much like a response if time permits.
