{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-13 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289685","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113669","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3488,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/685/mufon-5289685.json","updb_database_id":5289685}
Black triangle with 3 lights

FEB 13TH gmt+12 2021 9:51 as of typing. Sighting ocurred 5 minutes ago.

Just as I got home from the gym I went inside to use the toilet but it was in use so I went to the backyard to relieve myself at the usual spot I normally use. As I was finished and looking up I seen three dull lights in a triangle formation moving horizontally behind my neighbours house. Within a few split seconds I recognized this as maybe a kite but kites don't travel horiztonally like this and there was no wind. It looked like it was being propelled from its own accord. the next split second I could see that it had a black triangular border and instantly I was in shock because this looked exactly like a ufo. I said something audible like "what the fuck" as I honed my senses and made sure I wasn't seeing things. My focus was on the black triangle border and I confirmed it wasn't a trick of the light or my mind playing tricks on me, it was infact distinct from the background and it had three dim circular lights on each corner. My eyes were not fully adjusted to the darkness but I thought I could see a trial of something, like smoke? Just a small one behind it but it was hard to see and it wasnt visible during the whole observation. the smoke trial happend half way between my observation time and lasted a second at best. 

It seemed like it was banking initially (or rotating), only slightly at the start(unsure) but near the end of my observation, after the mild smoke effect dissipated the lights seemed to deform from my perspective, like it was righting itself or going upside down? At this point I could barely see it anymore so I looked down to reach from my cellphone as a last ditch effort to capture it but as soon as I looked up I couldn't see it anymore.

As I was standing there in amazement I looked around, made doubly sure that I was of sound mind (which I was), I wasn't hallucinating, I was as alert as ever. I looked around the sky to see if anything was amiss, nothing. I seen a seagull fly by overhead. After another minute I seen two more seagulls fly by overhead in formation and at that time I thought maybe I just seen three seagulls but as I replayed the event in my mind, it wasn't seagulls because the object I seen was a triangle and I'm 100% certain of it. The lights were also circular and there was no flapping of wings.

extra stuff:

I had my headphones in listening to music the whole time. Just before or during the time I couldn't see it anymore I took out my earphones to try and hear an engine but it was dead silent.

The next door neighbours dog started barking 15 seconds after the event and continues to bark as I'm writing this. 

The sighting only lasted 10 seconds or so.

The UFO I guess was the size of a car.

I assume it was around 40 meters away from me, just a bit further from the roof top of my neighbours house.
