{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-04-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467685","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92967","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/685/mufon-5467685.json","updb_database_id":5467685}
{td} My mom, my step dad and i were coming home from the hospital after my seizure. Saw the light approaching and it descended right in front of us above the channel light less than 50 feet.

we were on our way home from the hospital. I was about 13 at the time and had a seizure that evening. 
It was about 4 A.M. when we were leaving South Bend heading to Nemah Washington.
We saw what we thought must have been a airplane but was going extremely fast.
It was over us in no time. It hovered above the channel light next to the highway where we were at.
The lights were large rectangular in shape and bright and lit up simultaniously and then quit blinking. They at first appeared to go circularly around the craft but then they quit blinking and were just lit up and we couldnt really see into the craft. Then the lights went out.
The craft was a gunmetal grey. not shiny.. kind of dull. the craft hovered above the water not very far up. We were no more than 50 feet from the craft itself and it was no more than 10 feet above the water.
No ripples on the water and not a sound from the craft.
It just hovered there. we got out and stood there and observed it for I don't even know how long.
My mom got scared and wanted to go.. But we stood there and watched until it left.. it went slowly straight up into the air and just as fast as we could blink it was gone and going over the hills.My step dad was friends with someone who worked at the airport at the time and he told him what we had seen. They had no reports of any kind of aircraft in the area at all at that time.
This was the first of many sightings that I was to have.
(Years later, about 4/5 years... I saw a ball of fire.. flying low across the same river over the field on the other side of Willapa Bay. It looked like it was "dripping fire" but no grass caught on fire. I reported to the local police dept. and they investigated and found nothing of what I was talking about.)The object or ball..wasnt' very large.. I have no way to compare it to anything.. but it "flew" in a straight path.. a little wobbly but the path was none the less the same. it was following the river.. I remember nothing else of where it went or how it went up and over the buildings nearby that it was headed towards.. the next thing I remember was running towards home and seeing the officer telling him what i saw and following up with him sometime later.
