{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-04 05:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494408","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65070","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4110,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/408/mufon-5494408.json","updb_database_id":5494408}
White glowing, looked mechanical, looked solid but also had the effect that it wasn't solid...hard to explain.

I haven't really told anyone this story but I feel like maybe someone here might be interested in the information... in 2007 when I was 17, I was driving from my sisters house in West Cork to my friends about 8 miles outside of town in the countryside.. It was about 5am the sky was that early morning blue and there where no clouds in the sky.. as I reached the brow of a hill my lights moved across the sky as the car leveled out onto flat road, a white light turned on. It was as though my lights hit it and it turned on it was weird. I immediately stopped the car and just stared at it, it could have only been 20-30m in front of my car and 20-30m high off the ground. it glowed white and was solid.. After a second or two (this gets very very weird) a mans voice that felt like it was coming from my chest area said ''we are all light'' but the words where kind of different in meaning (which i understood) ''we'' didn't just mean those on board, it included myself and other people on earth aswell, and ''light'' meant love.. (i know it's very weird)..

Then it moved in a straight line and stopped near/over my friends house, and turned itself off/vanished....now I have to explain, i was on top of a hill where you could see for many miles across the countryside, so although the house was another 6 miles away I could still see the general area..(if it was daytime I could have seen her roof). Also it moved that distance so fast, that I said to myself, if it had moved even a fraction faster my eyes wouldn't have kept up..out of the whole experience, which only lasted 10-15 seconds, the speed that it traveled was what shocked me, it was so hard for me to accept that something could move that fast...i still cant, its been 8 years and now that I'm writing this my mind is blowing all over again as I'm picturing it move.

...a few months later, I had regular dreams where I was met by two 6.5-7FT tall blueish people(fairly stereotypical looking guys actually), their eyes where big ovals, except weren't black like tv says, they were just bigger versions of a humans eyes..white with big blue iris's, they where amazing to look at actually.. the first time this happened, they asked me where I was from and I said I don't know to which they both started laughing, a really gentle laugh. One said that they knew I was going to say that.. Then I asked where they were from and they said two planets which I wont mention because I probably sound crazy enough already..They lead me somewhere and said I must remember what they where about to show me...it was a plaque on the wall with four 3D shapes sticking out of it, which I knew were letters, even though they where more like sentences(I never said this made sense)..I said ill just go get something to write them down with, and woke myself up trying to get a pen ....

I managed to write down two of them....which I can explain, one was like two squares diagonally and the other was a weird ''A'' I spent a while trying to figure out what they meant and I managed to find one online...Its called Lambda(lowercase)''λ'', its a greek letter... it has a few interesting meanings if you want to Wikipedia it..

There have been more visits over the years but they stopped when i was about 22 but I can only remember them for a few minutes after they happen..
