{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1955-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493408","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66108","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2548,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/408/mufon-5493408.json","updb_database_id":5493408}
{jpg} Lit-up parking lot glowing orange-red. Radiated circles when spotted with sports lantern.

Mom and dad owned a fishing lodge about 80 miles north of Ottawa at Blue Sea Lake, Quebec Province. One night a friend and I went to lock-up the chicken coup about 500 ft. from the lodge. On the way back I found that I didn't need my spotlight any longer (11 pm) so I turned it off. The entire parking lot was glowing red-orange. Suddenly we looked up and saw a bright red-orange orb. This was in the middle of the forest away from town. We watched it for a few minutes saying 'what is it?', then I spotted it with my lantern and rings eminated from it like throwing a stone in a pond. That scared us and we ran into the lodge. Inside (the kitchen) was my mother and the bartender. My mother looked out the window (she was glowing red-orange at that point) and said something like don't worry its probably nothing! Then the bartender stepped outside the door to have a look. He was dressed in a white shirt and black pants. His shirt was bright red-orange. My friend and I don't remember what happened after that, it's a blank. My parents sold the lodge about a year later and we moved away. Lost touch with the bartender and not sure if he is still alive. I will be 70 years old in November and my friend about the same. Just saw a page on Facebook about red orbs, I was impressed about the sightings described all over the world (I thought we were alone). Sure curious about that lost time and my friend does not remember either. I don't think my friend wants to talk about his experience. I thought it was because he was in government but he is retired now. I didn't talk about my experience (not too many people) because I was in the diplomatic corps and didn't want to lose my security rating but I am retired now. P.S. my story is written-up in a book (out of print?) UFO Encounters in Canada by Vickie Cameron. The story is entitled Long Lake Light.
