{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501408","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57643","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3495,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/408/mufon-5501408.json","updb_database_id":5501408}
{dr}Multiple lights moving against the wind approx. 100 mph without sound, that did not display any flashing beacons

My family and I were returning from an Independence Day celebration at our church. I was driving west along Hwy 99, and was almost at the town limits of Rockvale, when out of my driver's side window I observed three orange/yellow lights at the 11o'clock position at a distance of approximately a half a mile. The lights were arranged in an echelon pattern with the lowest of the three to the southeast. My first thought was that they were aircraft warning beacons atop communication towers, but then I realized that they were the wrong color and too bright, and to add to it I live less than two miles from the area, and had never witnessed them there before. I said to my wife, who was in the passenger seat, "Hey, those are new". She replied that they were what I had thought, tower lights, but after she spoke, we entered the town limits, and turned slightly westward, and behind the Dollar General store, it then became very obvious that they were not tower lights. The original three were now joined by at least four more behind them in what I would describe as a wedge formation. The first three were maintaining an echelon formation. My thoughts now moved towards military helicopters on night maneuvers, as we do see them here frequently. Their size and movement was similar to a Hughes 500, but there were no flashing arial beacons visible. I nearly ran off the road straining to see them, so I pulled off onto the shoulder and rolled my window down to see if I could hear anything. There was absolutely no sound. The car behind us also saw them, as he slowed to a near stop and was looking up as he drove by. The objects never displayed a solid form, but seemed to produce a red/orange/yellow light from within that seemed to flicker. Were it not for their speed and direction, I may have thought that they were lanterns that had been released in honor of the country's birthday. I estimate that their speed was between 60 to 100 mph, and they turned westward to parallel the highway just to its south. The wind was coming in from the southwest. Any illusion that these objects were being carried by the wind was further dissolved when one made a 180 degree turn to the south and disappeared. I was not in a very safe spot on the side of the road, so I drove about a quarter mile to the entrance of the local elementary school, and we all observed them there moving to the west still, but then abruptly disappearing one by one in the same point in the sky, with the exception of the trail object that faded to near extinction, the re-emerged to its original intensity twice before finally disappearing. I have a strong military background, and have seen virtually every type of aircraft in service today operate at night, and I have absolutely no idea what these objects were.
