{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-07 09:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283408","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120031","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2660,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/408/mufon-5283408.json","updb_database_id":5283408}
Black Smoke appeared in sky with no sign of aircraft.

Once I realized that an aircraft wasn't on fire I immediately thought it could be a UAP.
I told a school security guard that something was making smoke in the sky. He was surprised and didn't know what it was. 
This is not the 1st time Ive witnessed a UAP in this part of the sky(north/northwest of Deer Park) So I immediately decided to drive north on(county road) rt 231 toward where this smoke was coming from. When on 231 I noticed the smoke zig zagged as if an aircraft was on fire. But the erratic pattern of the smoke zig zagging I knew it was not an aircraft. I have 15/20 uncorrected vision and I couldn't see where this smoke was emanating from. At approx 1 mile south of the Long Island Expressway(RT495) I saw the black smoke almost completely gone. It was in the sky for approx 6-8 min from the time I noticed it to the time I got in car and proceeded to film object. I did not recognize what it was and decided to film just in-case I was able to catch it on cam. Im a Aviation professional and know my aircraft both civilian and military. Was not a bird, Bug, or drone(I own 2). 
Well, sure enough after I reviewed my footage I was able to capture this UAP. 
I cut the video short because I thought it was out of frame and stopped the recording. 

Toward the end of the video you can see the UAP stop and descend almost straight down.
I wish I captured more but again I couldn't see it anymore because it was out of my view. 

My cell phone was recording from my dash looking directly up where I couldn't see in a phone holder.

Im sorry about the grammar and spelling. I just wanted this reported, my time to do this is very limited. 

I will upload the edited video zoomed in as well as the original vid. The 2 objects come into view at the top left of screen around 6 seconds in.
