{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-10 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499408","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3261,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/408/mufon-5499408.json","updb_database_id":5499408}
{nd} unfamilar aircraft lights that flew in straight line,stopped and reversed

around 7:50PM wife and I came home from having dinner out. Pulled motorcycle up to garage and open the garage door. When turning around to get back to the motorcycle I glanced upwards and noticed an unfamiliar light pattern on something moving easterly in our skies above. I figured it was just a plane or helicopter, but what caught my attention about it was that the position of lights and the way they were flashing was different than any aircraft I'd ever seen in our night skies before. I could not determine an aircraft shape but the lights were patterned in a set of 3 pairs of 2 lights like this : : : with the last pair being green, the middle being red, and the first pair being white. The way they flashed pretty much was like this 2 flashes of the green pair followed by 2 flashes of the red pair, then back to the same with the green pair, then red etc. The white pair flashed only one time while I was watching. These lights were coming towards us (my wife was there also and witnessed all this), at first very, very slowly, but were increasing in speed, then suddenly they came to a complete halt, and did not move in the sky again for around 10-15 seconds. It was at the time that it came to a stop in the sky that the pair of white lights flashed twice I think. Then the green pair of lights flashed again and the pattern of green, red lights started again. They began moving easterly again but very, very slowly, then suddenly without seemingly turning at all, they just started heading west. slowly at first then quickly speeding very, very quickly. It was moving quickly enough that it was getting out of my viewing range. I ran to my front gate to try and get out in my front yard to follow what it was dong, but by the time I got to my gate and opened it, the lights were gone. I almost didn't want to report this to you as I really didn't feel that this event was all in all very spectacular, but the lights were patterned so differently (not like wing tip lights at all, and the fact that no aircraft I've ever heard of can just stop in the air and go in reverse, caused me to describe to you what we saw. I would guess that this took place at about 800-2000 feet up. we had cloud cover at this time and whatever we were seeing was below that. I would guess that at the fastest speed I saw it moving, and comparing the distance it covered at this speed was above 500 mph, and we didn't hear a sound coming from it. Estimate of distance west from where we were standing would be at 1 mile +. This could very possibly be something of ours I am just not informed of???
