{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-07-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478408","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3362,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/408/mufon-5478408.json","updb_database_id":5478408}
{jpg} Three separate alien encounters

My first encounter was late night or early morning. As my wife and I slept, I was awakened by a very bright light and whirring sound. The light came through the bedroom window next to me. I heard this low pitch whirring sound, unlike anything I was familiar with. There was no other noise which seemed strange, because I had dogs in the yard. As I tried to get up and look out the window, I realized I was paralyzed. The sound and light lasted approximately 15 minutes. I went back to sleep and explained to my wife what had happened the next day.

 The second encounter was also late night or early morning and again my wife and I were in bed. I awoke levitated approximately two feet above my mattress. On my wife's side of the bed I observed two small figures. There was also a third figure at the foot of the bed. All three were wearing hooded cloaks and appeared to be approximately four to five feet tall. As I levitated above my bed, I could feel my body being examined. There was no pain and the figures remained motionless. After approximately thirty minutes, my body abruptly dropped to the bed. I was awake and had regained my ability to move. Breathing heavily and wet with sweat, I awoke my wife. I explained what I had just encountered and she seemed unconcerned.

Encounter three was a little less eventful. At the time of my encounters, I was employed as a sheriffs deputy. This event occurred while I was on duty and in my patrol vehicle. It was winter and I was on a well lit, well traveled road, approaching a railroad crossing. The crossing had no lights or mechanical arms. As I approached the crossing, I noticed a bright light to my right. The light was a great distance away and was not moving. It was a clear night with no moon or stars. The time was approximately 7pm. I kept my eye on the light, looking for movement or something to help me identify it. It never moved and it was definitely not a earthbound light. Getting to the railroad crossing, my vehicle stopped and I was still trying to figure out the light source. The next thing I remember was being at the railroad crossing and looking at the clock on my dash. It was approximately 9pm. Had I been sitting on a well traveled road, at a railroad crossing for two hours? The light was gone and I continued my work. I have no memory of what happened those two hours and can only speculate on a possible abduction.

 I have had no other encounters and have shared these with many people. The encounters were interesting, but not alarming. Do I believe in aliens? I can only tell you my experiences and let you decide. Something happened and I have relayed the information. Maybe I'll have another encounter, that will prove they exist.
