{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-11-17 18:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26677","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6350,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5528871.json","updb_database_id":5528871}
What I initially assumed was a balloon turned out to be more of a shape shiftingish aircraft.

Ok well it was mid November in 2007, and I was driving my motor scooter home from work, of which I got off at 6. For a small aerial view, if you wish to look at a map to understand, I was going south on Industrial Blvd from arlington (76011) to Euless (76039) and this event took place at the intersection of Trinity Blvd and Industrial. 
  Among my approach to the given intersection I noticed a darkish gray/silver looking balloon floating about in the wind as balloons do at about my 2 o clock and 100 feet or so in the air..maybe 75 degree angle from the ground. Assuming it was a balloon, I looked away from the object and towards the oncoming intersection until I passed under a train bridge and looked back in that direction. It started wayy up there in the sky and was traveling closer towards me with awkward trajectory until it reached that 100ft height mark. At this point I still thought it was balloon, but the movements were so rapid, like it was either spinning REALLY really fast and I could only see it at moments (like when you turn a fan on in the living room and stare up, you see the blades in still flashes rather than a big circular blur) BTW I apologize if I write funny..just how its coming out. Egg shaped as it was at the time, it also looked as if it could have been shaking as dice would inside your hand before you roll them. My eyes are fixated on the object when I reach the intersection at Industrial and Trinity, for I have a prolonged history in ufo attraction and am beginning to believe this specific event is out of the ordinary. I stop as the 3rd vehicle back at the red light, and the object is now at my 9 oclock and almost right above me. It is here that gets me. The object switches on 2 separate rows of red lights on the bottom. Each light is rectangular in shape, and the rows are parallel to eachother and consist of 4 lights each. NO LONGER is this object looking as a well-rounded silver egg, but a triangle. The corners on the triangle were still slightly rounded out as not to make points out of them. The light is still red, and I am looking straight up with my jaw open as the object starts to move again. This time without confusing movements. It travels in the same direction of its flashing lights..back to front and moving the same direction I would be moving once the intersection light switches green. BUT before my light turns green, this object..now maybe 20+ feet in diameter TURNS ITS TRAJECTORY AROUND, and so I am free to see the full shape of the object, as light from the ground is barely reflecting off of its edges. It looks dark, and quite frankly like a boomerang. Without the lights consistently moving on the bottom, I would definitely be saying that it was a boomerang shape. It turns around as any real aircraft would.. by following the 'nose' of the craft. Or it was just slowly spinning like a top. but my light turns green and this object is still flashing its lights, turning around and remaining completely silent. I was on a vehicle which does not enclose me to sounds of the road, and I can DEFINITELY tell you there was zero sound coming from above me..definitely not a helicopter and definitely not a plane. At this point I am in complete awe and in full awareness of what I'm looking at. I take off going straight, which is now the opposite direction of the moving craft, but the craft takes a sharp right as Im looking back at it while moving with traffic. It literally travels west almost directly above Trinity Blvd, moving shiftily up, and down..up and down while still traveling down the road. Before I couldnt watch anymore because of traffic and an approaching highway area, it turns a spotlight on facing straight down. Mind you, this thing was easily a mile or so away now. The spotlight was not exactly a laser looking spotlight like in Independence Day, But like a narrow cone and literally cut off at a specific point before it hit the ground. Maybe less than 2 seconds after turning the spotlight on, the spotlight turned off and the up and down bounce-like movements began again and it kept flying away.

What is really REALLY weird to mee..is I LOVE ufos, aliens..to talk with another planets race would be absolutely AWESOME to me..but for some reason this event has really kinda freaked me out. I think it might be because what I saw exhibited extraordinary technology of which I would not have guessed?? The egg shape with a light color bouncing in the wind, left and right and up and down very very fast like a gust of wind had full control of it. To it changing shape, color and size. I don't know..but now, when I see a balloon in the sky my literal first reaction is that of fright. And along those same lines, when I am driving on the highway at night and there is a highway light out, the shape and color of that dead light fixture is so eerily similar to the initial view I had of my encounter that I also feel fear immediately upon making eye contact with it. I guess that is why I have taken so long to speak up to you guys. 

But there you go, I hope you get back to me because I would probably feel a lot better if somebody has seen the same thing lol. Btw I hear China is about to be the first to publicly break news of communication with another species. That could be years from now, but its apparently in the works. Pretty cool being they already publicly announced they have ufo technology. yeah, hope you enjoyed, get back to be if possible!

I'm sorry I couldn't make this sketch photo big enough
*(Wit's first name deleted--CMS/sg).
