{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-30 23:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88582","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3169,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5471871.json","updb_database_id":5471871}
{dr}saw this while videoing full moon. Filmed it for 37 seconds. Object flew erratically and pulsed different colors

I was out videoing the full moon as I have documented several unidentified objects over the last 2 years while videoing. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw an unusual flashing light pulsing different colors. It was very small in the night sky so no idea how big it was but could see it change colors with my naked eye. After about a minute of watching it, I decided to stop recording the moon and see if I could use the zoom to see what it was. I filmed it for 37 seconds before it disappeared. When zoomed in, the object looks like a flying jellyfish that pulses and can change shape and color. It was moving erratically around in the sky and I didn't understand why. When I increased the brightness, contrast and saturation of the video, I learned why it was moving erratically. Only with the video pushed to enhance it could I see what was happening which was a number of beams that looked like lasers shooting from the object and shooting at the object from beneath. 

When I saw my first unidentified object while viewing the moon about 2 years ago, I was motivated to capture them on video. I purchased an 8" celestron nexstar telescope along with digital camera gear and have been recording the moon for many months. I even started a youtube channel to post up my pictures and videos. Nobody really knows about it since I want to stay anonymous and it doesn't really get viewed by many people. 

I decided to finally come forward with this because I feel people have a right to know the truth about UFOs. The video I shot is undisputable evidence of some type of alien technology that could not possibly be anything our government can make. I have the raw footage of the video and once seen, it is very clear that it could not be a created video as the object changes color and shape continuously. I posted about a 5 second clip of the video on my youtube page. It was shot in full 1080p and can clearly be seen. Here is the link to the youtube video [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

Again, I would like to remain anonymous with this but want people to know we are not alone in the universe. If you look at the videos and pics on my youtube page, you will see many more videos of UFOs which further prove we are clearly not alone in the universe.
