{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-12 03:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5281871.json","updb_database_id":5281871}
Dull orange-red light pattern moving silently over Kimball, SD

In the early morning hours of April 12th, 2018, (03:11), I was staying at a campground near Kimball, South Dakota. I had just walked to the restrooms in the middle of the park and was standing in a shadowed area next to the pavilion. I am an amateur astronomer, so clear skies are a treat. I was watching for meteors or satellites when I noticed what at first appeared to be three "satellites" moving in "formation" (one in the lead followed by the other two in an evenly-spaced triangular pattern) slowly from the southwest and slightly south of where I was standing. To my eyes, all three lights were very dimly glowing a reddish-orange light. I knew right away this wasn't right and as I continued to stare at the lights I could barely see a very dim glow in front of the three lights. It appeared to be a "leading edge". As I continued to watch, the only sounds I heard were from the traffic on the I-90 overpass less than a half mile south of my position. If these lights were attached to an object, the usual laws of aerodynamics were not involved in keeping it in the air. It moved at about 5 mph in a straight line over the city of Kimball, giving me an approximation of the height over the street lights of less than 50 feet AGL. As the formation/object continued over the city, I could see what appeared to be two "nacelles" or "ports" glowing dimly in the rear. If I had not been actively scanning the skies for very dim objects to begin with, I'm sure I would not have noticed this phenomenon as there was no discernible sound coming from it (my hearing, at least when I enlisted in 1977, was determined to be above average ...so much so that the Technician asked if he could test my hearing a second time). I was also deemed to have been "colorblind" at that time, but subsequent eye exams have shown this to be more of a "tone-blind" state. I see colors, just apparently don't see the full effect of the spectrum.
