{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-02-15 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113481","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2662,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5289871.json","updb_database_id":5289871}
Star became a Saucer

Early in 2004 in New Orleans Louisiana around three in the morning my boyfriend and I went to the lake front . As we wer talking and looking at the the water we noticed a super bright star . I couldn't take my eyes off of it . It looked as if it started from outer space . It kept getting larger and closer and brighter streight to us. I looked at my boyfriend he looked at me and we both said at the same time " are you seeing this ? " . We both shook our heads yes. It literally stopped right above us. Had to be 500 ft above us maybe from what I can remember was 50 to 100 feet long . I couldn't take my eyes off of it . I was completely memorized. My boyfriend at the time walked closer towards it . It bounced to the left and to the right as it was hovering over us . The saucer shaped craft was rounded on the bottom and the top of it was flat . it was like a deck above that The best I can describe it from memory was it looked really similar to a helmet on top of the saucer like rounded but the front like a helmet pice where it lifted like a garage . It was truly amazing . It also had haloaround the top . It lit up went around in a circle and the lit up brighter and then went back and dis the same thingvthis light / orb/ halo .The noise was so small like air , soft air . Then it split in two pieces did this light show all over the place . Then it went back into one piece and zoomed off the same way it came in . After it left there were clouds where it had done the light show and there was white lettering or a language in the clouds and among the things I could not quite figure out what they were ... There was an SOS. When I tell you I was amazed it was crazy . I thought I was there for only 20 minutes . But when it was over we left and the sun was already up .It must have been 2 hours that have passed while we were there . When we drove off we kept seeing sos in the clouds .It was absolutely crazy ! Unfortunately we didn't get any evidence . I had not heard or seen any one that has had the same experience as we did . I
