{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-27 15:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5468871.json","updb_database_id":5468871}
{jpg} Appeared large flat disc with some depth at distant, in decent or nose dive came closer was oval disc.

It was 3:36pm on Friday 4/27/18. I was sitting on my front porch smoking. Looking at the dark clouds above me, when I looked NE from my porch right at treetop level so too my right when facing my street. I was looking at the white clouds in contrast to the dark clouds above me, at the moment I saw a large dark grey object at about a mile away. I thought that's an odd looking plane. Odd because it had no tail fin, no wings and was super dark grey in contrast to the white clouds it was against. Then as I'm watching it before my view was obstructed by it passing behind the a tree in my view. This object stopped mid air, hovered then went in reverse UFO and took a curvature nose dive that came closer to my area. When it did this I was able to see its actual shape which was an oval disc. This object made no sound, no flashing lights, no windows but had appeared to have indented rings going around the edges like you would see on a jar so you can screw on the lid. When I saw this object going in reverse then dive the way it did I felt from part of amazement and confusion as what did I just witness. I had ringing in both of my ears that lasted for about 5 or 6 seconds then followed by anxiety like anxiety from anticipation of something this feeling lasted rest of the day and all that night. About 10 minutes maybe a little less after the descent of this disc a regular commercial plane passed near the direction I first saw the object and almost right over were I saw this disc no dive. Also to add, during that night I was afraid to sleep or turn off the lights in my home or go outside alone. At about 4am on 4/28/18, I went to the restroom and had the window open with blinds down when I heard little footsteps from the window directly behind me like little quick footsteps on the exterior brick wall outside the bathroom window where I was. When this happened I jumped up screamed and ran out of the bathroom for my fiance to check outside. He opened the back door looked in the direction at the bathroom window from the outside he said he didn't see anything at all no animals birds etc.
