{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5523871.json","updb_database_id":5523871}
Stepped out my porch to for a quick smoke break. Saw red ball that looked like a star. Do not know what I saw as it disappeared.

At around 11:50pm to 12:00 AM beginning the 24th of September, I stepped out on my back porch to have a smoke break while watching t.v. I live in Collinsville, OK which is not too far from the Tulsa International Airport. I am used to seeing planes fly in and take off regularly around here as the airport is only 10-15 minutes away. Tonight was a very clear sky, I live in Tulsa county, outside city limits in the country, I am able to see the whole sky, stars and all very clearly. But when I stepped out tonight, I'm not sure what I saw. I'm used to seeing planes plinking their white lights and security lights or what have you, when they are in the sky, and pretty much it's a given when you see those blinking lights accompanied some times with the sound of an aircraft.

BUT tonight was different.

I stepped out on my back porch looking West. I saw what I thought was a bright star blinking or what have you, as I can see several of those out here in the country at night.

As I looked at this thing, I believed this Blinking thing was just an aircraft from the North West going to land at the Tulsa International Airport as it was traveling in the South to South east Direction.

Couple seconds later passed and it looked like it had no intentions of slowing down.

In a few minutes, it was gone.. But the weird thing is... I'm accustomed to the arrangement of the stars on a clear night, as I have lived here for 23 years now. The two stars that it passed, i'll describe as 2/3 of a triangle. The bottom left point had always been there, and so had the top point, and now all of a sudden I saw the bottom right point pure red and pulsating/blinking white. It looked like a perfect formation for a couple of minutes. Then it was all gone, and then I saw a shooting star right behind it coming sharply from the East.

But as this "thing" went from the NW to West and then South so quickly.. I do not know was it was. It was too quick for any aircraft traveling that quick, especially as it was only as bright as the brightest star, or brighter that you can see at night.

Description: Tulsa County.

Date: Sept.23 2011
Where: Tulsa County, Oklahoma.

What: Red bright ball that had the size of a bright star, but did not move like it was a star. It moved quickly from my view(Collinsville, OK) from the NW to S in a matter of minutes then out of sight, Pulsating white every other second. Saw the completion of a triangle which pulsated red to white as I saw this "object" move over it, completing this triangle of stars which i have only seen in these many years to just be 2 stars.

I am sorry, I have no witnesses, As no one else was awake. But this was a first for me as I can not explain what I have just seen an hour ago. It is one thing to see an aircraft in the sky blinking it's security lights and you automatically know it is an aircraft, But a pure red ball, that blinks white and moved that fast across the sky.. I have no explanation.
