{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-12 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83326","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2444,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5476871.json","updb_database_id":5476871}
{jpg} It was traveling through the clouds with out disturbing the clouds

I had, 5 min. before, just witnessed someone for see the future and it had come true. We had sat down for diner. My intuission asked me if I wanted to see something that was stainger than for seeing the future. If I did quit staring through the glass table and look at the reflextions on the glass. The mini blinds were shut but I could still see through the gaps between the slats. I noticed something white cross one of the openings in the slats. I got up and went out the garage door and looked up. I had left the door open to the house and asked my wife not to say anything and come to me. Because I had asked her to come to me she said ok real loud and my granddaughter followed her, just what I didn't want to happen. It was white and had a shape like an oragomy, nothing aerodinamic. It was traveling through the clouds and not disturbing them. It wasn't traveling very fast, like a helocopter. With out a sound we were all looking at it when my grenddaughter said see was scared. I told her it was all right that it was an angel. We all went inside to get her away from what we were seeing.

I left the date blank (it made me put a date, it was the end of last years baseball season) but I can tell you what happened that day nationally so you can get the date. It was a Wenusday. I had told my wife the previos Saterday that Teboe had hit a home run, his first at bat and at the first pitch. I had also gone to work that Monday and told 3 people at work the same thing. It didn't happen until the following Wenusday.

My feelings just another strange thing in my life.
My wife she didn't know what to think. I did however just talked to her about it yesterday and she asked how I knew it was there. I told her my intuision had made me look.
My Granddaughter she was scared
