{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116511","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9018,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5286871.json","updb_database_id":5286871}
The night my life changed

Please ignore the time and date this occured. It happened so long ago I don't remember the exact day it happened. This was when I was younger, at about the age 10-12, I'm 18 now. The story will go a lot smoother with a general idea of the layout of my room. My bed is against the wall with one window to the left of me as I lay in bed looking out onto the backyard. I was awoken from my sleep to what at first sounded like a group of police officers commanding a suspect sounding like it's coming directly from my backyard, a lot of indistinguishable screaming. Accompanying the "screams" was a bright white light flooding my windows. I didn't find this too odd as I live within a 2 minute walk to an air force base and police helicopters would often flash their spotlights briefly down the street or in backyards. So at this point I come to the conclusion somebody ran from the police and got caught in my backyard, that's why there's screaming and this bright light (helicopter spotlight). However as soon as I come to that conclusion the "commanding screaming" soon turned into visceral, blood curdling screams of what I can only imagine a human can make only when being torn from limb to limb. So at this point I'm terrified, I decide to look out the window to see what's going on, as I lean up from lying down and near the curtain the noises grow louder, but with the curtain in hand I have a thought, "With the noises out there do I really wanna find out what is making the awful sounds? No, I don't." So I do what any terrified child would do when terrified in bed, get back under the covers but I don't put my head under the covers because I figured I'd pretend to be asleep. But as soon as my head touches the pillow the noises stop and the light already fully illuminating my room begins to increase in brightness until it finally remains a certain level of brightness. And then things go into left field. (Some may say this whole story is left field). I witness the roof torn off, not disappeared but literally torn off and lifted up into this light. Before I can even let out a scream my vision is flooded with what looks like tv static, except it it included all the colors of the visible spectrum. However their was more brown than any other color in this "psychedelic looking alien tv static". After the "static" I remember finding myself in a strange room. I will never forget the room after the static, it was a circular room with a bench lining the walls, the bench had handles on each side of where a person would sit. The handles looked like what they put on benches at bus stops to stop homeless people from sleeping on them. However I was not alone in this room, it was full of other humans equally as terrified, I recall there being three of us in this room. We are retrieved from this room by these entities that in retrospect can be discribed as the stereotypical grey alien except these guys were brown. Dressed in clothing hard to describe, covered "neck to toe" in black garb held closed by a gem with each having a different color signifying their rank. Their garb was like if you wrapped a blanket around you when it was cold and pinned it closed around you. They were three entities and each entity took a person for a tour of their facilities, I would acasionally see the other people being toured around but I was too fixated on what I was being shown to be even thinking about them. I soon became what I would like to think of as friends with this entity. I don't remember any details of the tour, only that I was given it. You might see why later in the story. I begun a new life up their, even went to school there. I will never forget upon graduation there was a great big celebration, and then the mood changed. It was time for me to go. I didn't want to go, I had come to see these entities as my family. I was utterly destroyed by this. I begun crying immensely, my entity who had gave me the tour in the beginning had brought me into this room to have a deep discussion about why I must go home. In the end of the discussion he finally says "do not tell anybody I told you this, but you're not going to remember any of this anyways." I then went absolutely lunatic with what I still see as a very good point. "Why bring us upon your facility, give us a tour and teach us all these wonderful things only to make us forget it and send us back down?!" Then as I'm about to "blow steam from my ears" in anger, he gives me a look I've never seen from him before and I feel as though he's gone in my brain and placed a "cap" on the emotional levels I am feeling. It's such a hard thing to describe. If you were to put anger on a scale of 1 to 10 I would say I was at a 10 at that point, it's as if he placed a cap to where I would stay at a 6 no matter how much I wanted to be at 10. Then my anger transferred into sadness. I subscribe to the idea that he was telepathic because I could feel how he felt and it seemed as though he could feel how I feel, and I assume he became sympathetic for me because of that. He confided in me that he wished it wasn't like this, he wished he could let us remember everything and that Earth deserves to know these things. He says to me, "I will let you remember us and you're entry and exit here but I cannot let you remember anything you have learned here, on one condition, you must not tell the others that they will not be able to remember this when they get back." This reminded me of the others as I had not seen them since the tour and had forgotten about them. I agreed to the conditions. So me and my friendly entity walk back to where it all started, the circular room with the bench. There sitting in the room where the other two I had came here with sitting joyful and jovial as one can be. Standing at the doorframe were the other two entities and immediately upon looking at my bawling face knew exactly what happened, I was told something I shouldn't have, I was told I wasn't allowed to remember any of this. Or so they assumed. As if they changed telepathic channels I was no longer able to communicate with them, it was clear they were scolding my friend but as they got the story from they realized he made the right decision. As I stand just inside the doorway looking out of it at the three entities through teary eyes, wanting to get a final look at them they say to me, "You will always be apart of our family, we shall return for you as soon as your work is done." And I say nothing in return, I sit down on the bench surrounded by two other people oblivious to the fact that they won't remember any of this, I assume it's protocol not to tell people and I see why. The people that I assume we're abducted with me as they were in the room in the beginning are saying things along the likes of, "I can't wait to get home and change the world with this information!" And, "This will be a new age for humanity!" They are all wondering why I am sad, from their perspective there is nothing to be sad about, so I am just there looking out of the first window I've seen the whole time looking down upon Earth as we hurdle toward it at immense speeds. The whole time ignoring their attempts to cheer me up with their talk of changing the world with this knowledge. Then I am met once again by the same "static" that I experienced when I was brought there. I open my eyes after the static and find myself back in bed, and the light at my windows slowly fades away. Sure I was happy and grateful to have been allowed to remember such kind beings, it was sadly outweighed by the overwhelming sadness of so much information lost, and thinking about those other two people. I swore that day that I was given an unusual opportunity to remember such an awesome experience that it would be terrible to lose it to natural forgetfulness, so I've recited the events in my mind everyday since as an attempt to not forget, I've surely forgotten a lot of details but I'd say I remember a lot for a 6-8 year old memory. Thank you for this platform to share my experience. This is the first time I've ever told anybody this out of fear of having such a deeply personal experience insulted by ridicule. Side note, I read the recent study about the link between perceived alien abductions and sleep paralysis but I don't feel as though I qualify for sleep paralysis because at no point was I paralysed in bed.
