{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-15 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66653","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2487,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5492871.json","updb_database_id":5492871}
{cak} Unidentified bright orb hovering above neighbors' house later observed northwest of pervious position

I live in a cul de sac of a small development. I had been invited over to a friend's house that night at about 10:00pm. Leaving my house about 10:30pm, I had looked up at the sky once I had gotten to the door on driver's side of my car like I normally do. After seeing an Unidentified object in my development with my father and brother it has become a habit to look up at the Night's sky. I had looked over my neighbor across the street's house and had this time seen a glowing light. I had noticed the object in the sky since it was much brighter and larger than the stars in the sky, it also had a yellow tint to it. I shrugged it off, assuming it was a planet, considering ever since I was a child my dad would point out the lights in the sky and show me which were planets, so I assumed it was Venus. I'd got in my car and drove for about two minutes. I started to feel uneasy and had started to get a stomach ache so I decided to turn around and go home. When I had gotten back to my house, I stood outside the driver's door again, the same spot as before, and looked back up at the sky. The light was NOT in the same spot that it was when I left. It had moved up and more to the right, it was now over one of my other neighbor's houses. I was terrified and ran inside, feeling full of nothing but utter fear. I regret not staying outside and taking pictures. The day after the sighting I had seen two black unmarked chinook helicopters, one over my development and the other over the other side of my city. I had also heard a helicopter fly VERY closely over my house on June 18th, though I was unable to get a look at it. I am aware that there are medical helicopters in my area but never has one flown directly over my house as it had the night of June 18th. It was very low and loud.
