{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-08 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105733","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5455871.json","updb_database_id":5455871}
{rjl} this happened 2014 it came out of what to me looked like a hole in the sky at a slow spin in tell it hit our atmispher

Im sure its is monitoring our bases for war and thats why it has not made contact and it hides in the sky i do beleive it cant get back to where it comes from . I do not care if you believe me i was watching a t.v. show and thought you might need this to help you understand there is nothing we as people can do . in less we as people can understand what we can do and beleive is so much more then we beleive . we have never looked out side the box cause all we know is a man teaching and never look beyone that laws . when we should . because we are lucky to have been hear this long cause of what i just learned is they are flying by all the bases from watching your show so why would they be doing that so we need to look at it like this our planet is over loaded with people . and if they been around much longer they are looking for a planet this is the idea that is more truth then not it is writen all over the piramids it has happen before why would it not happen now and how would the army know if they are coming here through black holes thats what i seen . then they can hide there ship from being seen by the military do you think and that mean we would be seen them not them. and why would they traval so many light years away just to hide dont seem like they are friendly but a new planet . in less there are other ones helping us that work with the being that we call god .this is what i think only my sighting i seen is real and what ever we send they inter sept just they probably can dee code our speach . so they could be waiting for more ships so we better get it right soon . please dont contact me . at all i do not care what they are doing . i know if there is an attaic the only chance we have is if we stop fighting eachother and come to gether to save humanity thanks hope im wrong cause there are others that help us . and they will when we need it , they can only do so much .
