{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-03 16:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44383","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3563,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5513871.json","updb_database_id":5513871}
{cak} going south on hwy1 from jonesboro saw very bright reflection way up moving EtoW faster than jets. 10mins later got 2pictures when closer..

Ok... me, my girlfriend, and 2 boys were on our way to harrisburg from jonesboro on hwy 1 when i noticed way up on front of us up just a little bit lower than the jets headed towards memphis was a really bright spot moving east to west (opposite the jets). It was going about twice as fast as the jets and seemingly about the same size. It was a bright clear day with scattered mid level white clouds. It was not leaving a jet trail or anything. Wind was out of the south and clouds were moving more to the northeast so i ruled outit being a balloon or anything. Pointed it out to gf and youngest boy (the teen was sleepy and didn't care lol). We observed it for about 20a sec then it disappeared for a few sec, came back for about 10 sec, dissapeared for a few and then just flashed really bright one more time then it was gone. Gf tried to take picture but couldnt get it. Its bluish silver shiny like maybe a chrome shine.   Well... about ten min later after going through town out by lake poinsett headed south my gf took about 8 random pics towards the west of the trees and hills from the top of the ridge. Usually i slow down for her but a county sheriff was behind me lol. Later that evening after telling some family about it and looking at the pic she tried to take she noticed in the first random pic she took that there was a really silver blue spot above a cloud we thought was strange.. i started looking closer at the others and third one she took that was maybe 15seca after the first had a spot in it in open sky that was lower and right of the same cloud so it had decended and was now moving east cuz it was alot closer.. in wasnt so shiny in this pic. It was a tan/gold color with a little bit a bluish tint to it. Definitly a different color than the clouds in the sky. When i started to zoom in (it was taken on smartphone) i was astonished by what i saw! The detail and texture in the shape of it are quite amazing! Light tan in color it kinda looks like a thick rounded coffee cup without a handle and on a tilt.. or maybe a tilted saucer type shape or circle ascending up really fast..even zoomed all the way on it u can see all the left side edges fading to the right edges. Dark on the right sides.with the change of location in such a short amount of time and moving west when we saw it then east and down (and possibly up) in the pics... i am quite positive that i actually have pictures of an unexplainable craft from out of this world. Everyone ive shown it to is blown away! Keep in mind we didn't see it when she was taking the random pics ... idk lol crazy!
