{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-07 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27738","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3460,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5527871.json","updb_database_id":5527871}
2 fast blinking red lights set apart on an aray effect. straight line like a giant airplane wing span with 1 red light at each tip of a wing. low flying in my area.

I witnesses an extraordinary event Monday evening after arriving home from the store. Apprx time parked in front of house per car time, 7:36pm. After getting out of the car I looked up at the sky as I normally do, it was a very clear night sky with stars and normal air traffic. However, what caught my eye was this...I parked the car on the northside of the street directly in front of our home, car facing West. We have a completely large field of view of the sky full 360 with almost no obstruction from tall trees during the winter. Anyway, I reached the sidewalk and looked up facing West and noticed just past a tall street tree, 2 red lights (not flashing) but 1 one each end of a straight invisible line, appear, move and turn slightly toward my direction but then as if banking a u turn, shift its angle and hovered for a moment then at a very slow and steady speed, begin to move forward going South (heading toward the Queen Mary area, dwntwn Long Beach) down the path of the 710 S fwy. Cross frwys 91/710 main streets Long Beach Blvd/ArtesiaBlvd.

I have to say this. It has been known that the military has increased their activities in the area off the coast and flight patterns from Long Beach/ San Pedro Areas straight towards or past Burbank/Pasadena with military battle copters to Jets F15s etc. Tonight, this object made no sound. It was low flying less than 1000 feet just like the.police/military helicopters have been flying over our homes...It's wingspan equaled to that of a football/track field but the length/distance of the two lights expanded further away from each other at a point 3 blocks from me, then just barely missing a small plane just leaving the Long Beach Airport due NW, changed its altitude just in time to fly over the plane. I remember seeing atleast 3 planes flying around just after this object appeared. Then the air traffic picked up with a helicopter coming. I did try to videotape with my android epic phone. The object would not pickup on camera except for the small plane. I called for my eldest son, 19, to come out to see this. He did...but by this time, apprx 7min passed the object had picked up speed and the two lights had shifted and moved around and came closure together in tbe distance mimicking that of a vehicles two red brake lights with the exception that they were blinking red at a much faster rate. I was hesitant to post this info. I hope that some one else saw this too. I have witnessed other UFO sightings since I was a kid. This was amazing as it had just appeared to show itself to me. Example. I though I was viewing 2 large stars that were very far apart from each other in the sky, near Orion's Belt. That's when it moved.
