{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-08-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505871","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2233,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/871/mufon-5505871.json","updb_database_id":5505871}
bright light ball coming straight to us, enlarging, than standing high in the sky above us few minutes, than back changing direction

It was a wonderful starring night, the sky was very full of stars; the place quite, in deep silence, no light pollution in that country and around the house. Me and my family (5 persons more) were looking the sky above us searching falling stars, so frequent in august, sitting on the floor of a landing. Suddenly from a point just in front of us, but many kilometers far, appeared out from the mountain profile a shining and brighting ball, like a big star, come to us enlarging its dimension and increasing its brilliance and covering the distance very very quickly but in silence. Suddenly the big star stopped just on the vertical line above a walnut tree little meters from us and there stood fixed as watching us. The light was very brighting, it looked pulsing, as a breath, no noise earing. At that sight we speedly stood up and went inside, with a lot of mess and just fearing, going to watch the light behind the windows. The light stood there few seconds more, than, changing its direction, with the same speed and in deep silence, flow away back to the mountains profile. Some minutes after, the sound of elicopters followed its track.
My personal thought: the light seemed alive, intelligent and "good". It could have burned down us in a nanosecond, we felt like ants before it. It was like we examined one each other. I wonder if we were been there without escaping, what could happen? That was the most extraordinary experience of my life and I am conscious, after that, that we are not alone in space.
Paola
