{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-10-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490041","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69564","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/041/mufon-5490041.json","updb_database_id":5490041}
{rjl} I was not aware of any events until my film was developed and it was pointed out to me and my spouse that there was something unusual captured on the negative/film

I did not witness this event as I am about to relay here. But I feel that what I captured on my 35mm camera that day may have been.

My husband and I were visiting family members in Western Kansas sometime ago in the Fall of 2004. We had gone to an area called Castle Rock approx south southeast of Quinter Kansas. This area is open range with pasture, chalk rock formations.

As we were leaving the area I noticed some cottonwood trees and horses that I wanted to take some pictures of. I pulled over and getting out I took my 35 mm camera and color film over to the fence where the horses were. I recall taking a few photos of the turning colors of the cottonwood trees and of the horses. I noted that I still had a few blank shots left and decided to just take some random pot shots not really aiming at anything so I could "finish" the roll and put in a fresh roll.

I started to walk in front of our vehicle clicking away with the camera. I don't remember getting into the vehicle itself. I remember that I was sitting in the drivers seat next,changing out the roll and talking to my husband. I started the car and left. Several days later we were back home in New Hampshire.

I took my film to our local camera store( which has since gone out of business and the owner has died) and picked it up several days later. The owner wanted me to open the envelope and take a look at my shots. Near the end of the roll was a "black and white" shot with a "squashed purple" object suspended in air in the middle of the shot. The owner had no clue nor did the other employees there as to what this was.

We made some wild guesses. But the owner stated that it was showing up on the negative and they could not detect any manipulation of the film. My husband and I were and still are friends with a former MUFON investigator. We sent a copy of the photo to him. He was unable to detect anything that would indicate manipulation or damage to the photo. 

I had carefully stored the negative in a safe place, our home. But over the years I have tried to locate that negative and have not been able to find it. We have shown this photo to several experienced people and they do not have a clue. It concerns me that maybe my husband and I had an event that we have suppressed so deeply we can't recall. All we have is this photo. Please keep in mind that I nor my spouse saw anything during that event, as far as we know. 

I submitted this story to the MUFON editor and he asked me to download it to this website. I give permission to any staffer(s) that would like to look into this and maybe finally give us an answer.
