{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-09-03 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528041","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2496,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/041/mufon-5528041.json","updb_database_id":5528041}
Two crafts overhead playing

UFO sighting

Date of sighting: a sunny, clear day in the fall of 1980(approx.). My kids, wife and I were visiting my mom and dad. I went to my dad1s shop in the back yard and as I was walking back to the house I looked up and saw the described crafts almost directly overhead playing a game of 1tag1. I watched for a few minutes and then went into the house before the crafts left. With the kind of motion I was observing, these were not crafts that I had seen before and they moved unlike any othere aircraft I had ever observed.

Description of vehicles

No identifiable structures attached to either craft so I could only guess at the altitude and the size of the vehicles. My parent's house was about 5 miles west of the Fresno Air Terminal (now Fresno Yosemite International Airport, which includes an Air National Guard base (144th Fighter Squadron) and a commercial airline terminal). I1m guessing at the sizes of the crafts and the altitude: as long and as wide as a 747 airliner but there were no wings and the body was not tapered; at an altitude of approx. 30,000 feet. They were nearly overhead so I have no idea of the their height. They seemed to be playing a kind of 1tag1 where one craft would dart forward of the other by about 3 lengths and then stop whereupon the other craft would dart forward to catch up to the first craft and then stop next to the other craft. Acceleration and deceleration of each craft was instantaneous. On one side of each craft there appeared to be a 1cargo1-type of door at the middle of the craft (see drawing). No other doors or windows were evident; neither was a form of propulsion evident (no contrail or other exhaust gases). During my observation, the two crafts may have changed altitude (but I don't believe they did)and they travelled in a straight line path north to south (no right angle turns, in fact, no turns).
