{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-11-01 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485041","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/041/mufon-5485041.json","updb_database_id":5485041}
saw object came overhead appeared to go north I ran east then south looked to see if there at it was directly overhead

Location of Sighting: Bearsted nr Maidstone Kent England
Date of Sighting: winter 1968
Time: 7.15pm
My age at the time 17 years
I was walking alone from my then home in Birling avenue to the bus stop on the main Ashford road when an unusual noise attracted my attention- it sounded like the noise you get if you suck air in through clenched teeth 1 I glanced in the direction it came from and coming towards me very slowly( from the south) at a height lower than house top level I saw a cylindrically shaped craft slightly pointed at each end and illuminated but not really giving off any light. The light was similar to a flourescent light-solid white and bright. No markings or any other sort of embellishment on it at all. It moved slowly and as I stood still looking up at it it just cruised slowly over me at a height of I would guess maybe 15-20ft. I watched it slowly continuing on its way over the tree tops and the garages and heading away from me in the direction of Detling (North) 
(I looked on a map years later and wondered if it might have been heading towards Coldblow Lane in Detling where at the time there was an Early Warning Station- Coldblow ACE HIGH Relay station) which would have had monitoring equipment but is now no longer there). 
At that point I had been watching utterly transfixed and astonished to see something like that-I suddenly felt rather afraid and started to run up Fauchons lane (East) then into The Landway (headed South)hurrying to the busier Ashford road where the bus stop was. As I neared the end of the road I wondered if anything would still be seen of the craft behind me in the distance- as I looked over my right shoulder to take a look I was horrified to find it literally directly above me no more than 15-20ft high - but this time it was totally silent.I was shocked- I guess it must have followed me as I ran down the road. I was so afraid that I just ran out into the main road- where thankfully there was not a single car in sight which in itself was amazing as this is usually a really busy trunk road but it was strangely empty until after this event.. I ran into the bus shelter and continued watching this craft as it just remained still over the road junction- There was a pub opposite but I was afraid to come out of the bus shelter to go there for help. Then 2 young men came out and went into the car park. They tried to start up their motorbike but it wouldnt start( I dont know if this was connected) I looked at them and then back at the object, then as I was watching it it just seemed to 1switch off1 like a light- If it flew away it was too fast for my eyes to follow it.Some minutes later my bus arrived and I was so shaky I couldn't open my purse to get out my fare and the conductress had to help me. I was so shaken by it that for a long time I didnt tell anyone about it except for my father-although shocked by this event however, I somehow felt as though I had been 'allowed' to see this- I'm sorry I cant explain it any clearer than that- looking back I dont feel that any harm was intended and that it was more curiosity on the part of the object watching and observing me. I cannot say if there were any physical effects afterwards as I would not have been knowledgable enough to have associated anything with this sighting but I dont recall any.
That was my first experience but in subsequent years I have seen and also heard what I believe to be things connected with the UFO phemomena including a possible time loss. In almost every house I have lived in since there has been some sort of UFO episode which has also included my son, daughter and Husband. I will submit details of further experiences should you require any
