{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501041","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58034","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/041/mufon-5501041.json","updb_database_id":5501041}
I saw these two strange-looking extraterrestrials a few feet from me and got really scared.

I was in Brasilia, the capital of Brazil, in a hotel balcony, smoking a cigarrete and looking at the stars. Then I realized that there was a light that was flying erraticly, strangely, going up and down, to the right and to the left, at high speed. I found it curious and kept watching. Then a light came from the first light in the sky; it was a yellow or orange light, and it flew in my direction, as if flying to me; it then went up to the top of the building. Then came a second one, identically. I could realize these were actually beings of light, resembling a human, but also looking like a monkey and like a bird (that was my impression at the time and I had never heard of repitilians). Both went up. Then I looked to the building next door to mine, and there were two extraterrestrials, now in matter (or matter-like) but glowing, with a blueish aura. I was impressed and wave at them; one of them waved back; the other one pointed at me (I dont know if it was only the hand but I got afraid it could be a gun and entered the hotel room, afraid, because they were really big and I had never had such a strange vision, of so strange beings. I had never imagined anything like that. They were scary and unlike anything I had ever imagined. So a light appeared on the outside of my window, it went up and down, it stood there for several minutes; I thought they were coming in, but they didnt. Suddenly something appeared in my room, below the window. It was a cat or a rat-like animal, or a hologram of an animal; it looked at me carefully, as if studying me. I waved at it and made a sign for it to come to me; but it then turned away and disappeared thru the wall. I was really scared and couldnt sleep or leave my hotel room all night long. I was terrified. I had never thought of seeing such a thing before: I believed extraterrestrials existed but didnt think much about it. I didnt have any preconception, I wasnt suggested at all. It was a sight and it was fast because I got afraid. Now, after reading and watching videos on youtube a lot, I think it could be some reptilian; I'm sure they were not greys or human-like (they only had a resemblance to humans). I told some persons but they didnt believe me, so I decided to share it here. I have been reading and watching videos from Richard Dolan, Stephen Bassett, Jim Marrs, Alan Foster, Staton Friedman, Steven Greer and I am really studying the subject. I thought they would come back, that they could want to talk to me again, and I was really scared of this. Now that some time has passed and they havent come back I am a bit more relaxed and less traumatized. Thank you for the opportunity to share this.
