{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-14 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476041","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84223","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/041/mufon-5476041.json","updb_database_id":5476041}
very long ribbon shaped snake type object

Friend and I were walking our dogs at approx 6pm,we live in/ on the west end of a small town called Crewe Cheshire (uk) walking on our local field The George playing field, my Friend was taking pictures of the sky and cloud, due to there being lots of interesting types of clouds, when he spotted what appeared to be a contrail from a crazy pilot. However when we zoomed in on a picture he took I realised that it could not, in any way be a contrail. there were many planes in the sky, and their contrails were totally different to this, and dissipated with the wind at a fast rate. Not only this, but where ever there was a contrail a plane was clearly visible at the front of it. This ribbon shaped worm thing stayed in the sky un-changed for over ten minutes before it dissapeard completely! I have sent the original un touched pictures to you. All i have done is zoomed in and cropped. When i returned home, i typed "sky snake" into google, and imidietly found identical annomalise, however no explanation as to what it may be. I have asked pilots that i know through model plane groups on facebook, they have said they have never seen anything of the sort before and agree that it isnt a contrail. Each end of the (snake) has the same shape. there was no craft , helicopter, drone, plane or any other type of terrestrial craft near this thing. Also there are areas of the thing which appear to be flattend compared to others, almost like a twisted ribbon, reminds me of a tape worm. the size of this thing must have been several miles long, as you can see by the pictures. This is not an image artefact, this thing really was in the sky.
any help identifying this would be greatly appreciated
