{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-09 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503597","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55333","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/597/mufon-5503597.json","updb_database_id":5503597}
{nd} Multiple unexplained sightings, Destin, FL 04-09-2014 between 7:45PM - 8:45PM CST

I am on vacation in Destin Florida this week and I witnessed multiple UFOs tonight that I would like to share while it is fresh in my mind. I was sitting on an open balcony of the condo I am staying in a little before 8PM CST. I was watching the sky above the beach because the stars were just starting to show up. There is a good bit of light pollution from the adjacent condo buildings and also the tennis courts that are right between me and the ocean. But, as I sat there enjoying the view I saw 2 lights that burned bright just above the horizon that were totally out of place. The two lights were brighter than any star in the sky at the time. They appeared to be totally stationary and suspended in the sky for a few seconds. Long enough for me to get a good look, but yet after a few seconds they were gone. When they appears there didn't seem to actually move. Meaning, they just sort of appeared and then they disappeared.

This happened 3 more times for a total of 4 sightings that were very similar. 2 lights would appear for a number of seconds then just sort of extinguish. Of the 4 times that the 2 lights appears, the location was different. It was 2 lights but in different places in the horizon.
After the first 4 sightings, I called my father-in-law that was in the condo next to me to come over in the hope that he may actually see the same thing and provide a second set of eyes in the sky. While here was here, we both witnessed 2 more sightings that were even more significant than the original 4 that I saw alone.

Here is what we saw: This time there were a total of maybe 6-8 lights. We saw one and then it was almost like the one light created 3 more lights of equal brightness behind it. Almost as if it was leaving lights behind as it moved horizontally. My immediate reaction to seeing this was that it looked sort of like the Phoenix lights. They were bright and mostly stationary and spread out horizontally.

This horizontal light formation happened twice while we were watching together. After around 8:45 PM CST I didn't see anything else. I did witness 2 or 3 other normal aircraft that seemed to be flying around the area after the sightings. It seemed like one of the aircraft I saw flew in a pattern back and forth around the area I was watching. It is really hard to tell for sure.

Other thoughts:
I understand there are a few military bases in the area. Since I have been down here I have seen several military aircraft flying around. I recognized a number of F-18s as well as a few Osprey (which are really cool.)
The color of the lights I saw were a bright yellow-orange. Every sighting was the same color.

After the first 2 sightings, I used the Star Walk app to validate that I wasn't looking at something documented in the sky. I could find no logical reason for what i was seeing based on Star Walk.

The lights I saw didn't move. They seem to be completely stationary in night sky. The only exception was the last 2 sightings tonight when it seemed like one light almost created 3 others behind it. I don't know if I could say I saw movement, but it seemed like 4 lights just sort of appeared in a sequential order from left to right. I don't know if this makes sense or not.

Like many of you that frequent this sub, I watch the sky on a regular basis. What I saw tonight was something that I have never seen before and was totally out of the ordinary from my perspective.
I did try to take a picture after the first few lights I saw. It was very hard to capture what I saw but here is the only picture I was able to take that shows something.

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

This is the raw picture from my camera with no editing at all (for what it is worth.) I can't make much out of this picture other than the general color and maybe brightness of what I saw. If you consider just how dark it was and compare the light brightness to the brightness of the building that is also in the frame, you could get a sense for just how bright the object was.

Anyway, I wanted to get this down while it was fresh. It would be awesome if there was anyone else in the area that saw something similar that could help corroborate.
