{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-24 19:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514597","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43611","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3524,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/597/mufon-5514597.json","updb_database_id":5514597}
{dr}Second viewing of egg to triangle shaped craft near bell helicopter in 3 years

I TOLD YOU GUYS ABOUT THIS THING BEFORE, AND YOU STRAIGHT-UP-IGNORED ME. NOW OTHER PEOPLE SEE IT 3 YEARS LATER!!     Go back in time in your searchable documents from november of 2009 when I first reported an egg fluttering as if it was a balloon in the wind about 45 degrees up and to my right as I was riding my motor scooter south on Industrial BLVd, approaching Trinity Blvd. I first thought it was a balloon maybe a hundred-300 feet up just going crazy like a strong gust of wind was attempting to have its way...but when I looked again (after assuming it would just fly off) the craft was more of a V shape (from what I could see with the light SLIGHTLY reflecting from the ground) and it had 2 parallel rows of 4 red lights each....those red lights would flash in syncronicity in comparison to the lights next to it..it hovered and TURNED WHILE STATIONARY, then made its way WEST down Trinity BLVD to the direction of Bell Helicopter in Hurst elevating uuuppp, then doowwwnn, theen back uuup..all while traveling West.  And as if I wasnt already freaked out and dumbfounded, the craft sent down a spotlight STRAIGHT DOWN..and the light never visibly touched the ground but appeared to have stopped almost half way down to where the visible light was shaped light an upside down cone, starting onthe bottom of the craft. thats why i think it was a spotlight

That was 2009.   Last week I saw what I believe is the SAME craft..and I was going to be QUIET about it because the last time I contacted you guys you told me well you saw what you saw and blah blah blah and never contacted me again. I was diappointed in your approach to such a F**KED UP event....IT SCARED THE S**T OUT OF ME. I cant even see an out street light without thinking Im seeing that UFO again..my heart drops in fright and I freeze for a moment before realizing Im being irrational being afraid of a street light.

But last week not long after I got home and while the sun was nearing its decent, I saw it again. Except I didn't see the RED lights this time, all I saw was a BLUE or TURQOISE light hovering...at first I thought it was the tail end of a helicopter but I didn't hear a thing, and it was seemingly close enough for me to be able to hear propellers. But this time, again over trinity, it hovered for a moment and as I stared from the 3rd story window it decended slowly towards the ground and a little northward, getting hidden behind some trees between the craft and me.   Now, I was NOT going to report this, but I had some friends come to me explaining what they saw in Hurst. THEY saw it above Norwood and Harwood and described almost EVERYTHING I saw on the 24th EXCEPT they claimed to see Red lights...like in the first time I saw the craft in 2009. Im telling you..whatever this is is VERRY VERY HIGH TECH and scares the living s**t out of me.
