{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504597","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54289","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3151,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/597/mufon-5504597.json","updb_database_id":5504597}
{kt}Triangular,60ft sides, hover then take-off, 60ft from ground, very close (80yds?)

I thought from a guess that they state or county was working on a main road after dark with very bright lights, the strength of which I'd not seen before. I and my friend driving happened to be going in that direction and I was ready to be disappointed that we would soon see barricades and a detour sign.

The lights seemed stationary. In fact at first notice they were so low that the origin (actual lamps) of the light were not visible and just the glow of the (construction work area? - not!) We were at that first notice, about two miles from the lights.

As we got within' a mile it was easy to count three lights. Very soon after that I knew somehow that it was at least one UFO - based on the fact that the lights were too high off the ground to be street lights, let alone construction lights. There were no tall buildings in that area. My gut feeling was to try and get past the area as smoothly and quick as possible. The closer we got, the more discomfort I felt. 

My friend who was driving had a different feeling though. He wanted to stop - right beneath the object - which he did and parked the car on the side of the roand. Other cars (2) pulled off the road as well. My friend got out of the car and stared up at the large hovering craft. I turned and looked out the back window and saw that a lady had also gotten out of her car too, so after a few seconds I exited the car too. But I stood close to my open passenger door not moving any closer to the craft. It was only about 60 ft. off the ground. "Let's get out of here man!"

I was almost relieved when the craft finally took off after a short time. (I dont know how long that times was.) The craft took of with very little or no sound at all and as the night sky was very clear we could see it's path for probably 50 miles or so. It cleared that distance on a even smooth curved path out over Lake Michigan in less than three or four seconds.

Ever since than I have always been interested in any explanation of what I (and my friend and other witnesses) saw that night. I have seen and heard a lot of information about triangular shaped UFO's, and some of the drawings and artist renditions reflect very closely what I saw. I could add only a few small details.

One big point I have now is that of all I have heard or read about, the triangular UFO sightings are not all that uncommon, but this event happened in 1974, and all others seemed to have been witnessed in the 80s or later.
