{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-02 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283597","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119839","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3971,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/597/mufon-5283597.json","updb_database_id":5283597}
3 different observations over 3-hour period. Bouncing red/orange lights above swamp / falling yellow light / floating-hovering yellow light

On Dec 2, 2021, I noticed some red/amber lights bouncing through the woods above the swamp behind our house around 6:00 pm. Then a bit later, I saw what looked like a very, VERY slow meteor, a yellow light with a tail that headed down at a 45 degree angle and then disappeared. I decided to drive to see if I could get a better look at the bouncing lights that were changing colors. I went in to get my coat, binoculars, and keys. I couldn't find the red bouncing lights again, but I then noticed a very large yellow glowing light in the SW sky moving very slowly. It was larger than the bright planets that were visible in the sky that night.

I decided to follow the large yellow light to get a better look. It seemed to float over the SW horizon of our small town in eastern rural Indiana, maybe heading WSW.  I drove west down Main St., and stopped at the park on the west side of town about 1/2 a mile away from the light to look at it with binoculars and saw a "fluffy" looking yellow light that seemed to change shapes. It seemed to stop also, hovering over a house on a rural road. I could hear no sound from the light.  

I called 911 and told them it was NOT an emergency but wondered if anyone else had reported strange lights over our town. They said no one else had reported anything and that it was probably an aircraft. I told them about the large yellow light hovering over the house, and they were unimpressed. 😕 They said they would send an officer out to the particular road, but I don't know if that happened or not. 

The yellow light was hovering just above the treeline over the house for a long time, maybe 15-20 minutes, but it disappeared while I decided to try to drive a bit closer. I did not actually see it disappear, as I was getting in my car. I was a little bit scared, since I heard no sound, and I'd never seen a drone with lights like that. When I looked at the photos I took when I got home, it appears that the light did indeed change shape. 

   In the pictures I'm uploading, the large yellow light I observed in the last part of my experience is in the upper left-hand portion of the images. The other lights in the images are from the home it hovered above. I did not get pictures of the red bouncing lights or the yellow light with a tail that fell very slowly at a 45 degree angle that I had seen a bit earlier that evening (those were viewed from my home, facing east, NE, towards the swamp.) I later think that maybe the bouncing red/amber lights could have been stars I saw through the woods that appeared to be bouncing and moving strangely because of an optical illusion (my husband who is a scientist suggested this), but they certainly caught my attention and caused me to be looking up at the sky where I noticed the other, even stranger yellow lights.
