{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-09 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502597","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3266,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/597/mufon-5502597.json","updb_database_id":5502597}
I saw a very large saucer get struck by lightning twice in the same place in the sky.

I was at my apartment in downtown Ottawa on may 9th 2014 and at around 9:30 the city had a fire works display at Dow1s Lake for the national day of Honor for Afghanistan veterans. At first my roommates and I didn't know what the sound was (it was probably echoing off the tall apartment buildings) but we were scared at first, because it sounded as if there was a fire fight in the streets. The sound was so loud it was shaking our window frames all around the apartment. Our two cats hid for the majority (which personally scared me as they don't usually freak at the sound of fireworks, seeing as we live downtown and there are frequent loud noises..cars, trucks and fireworks for festivals. Not to mention that I live close to blues fest and can usually hear the entire three day event clearly and they have never freaked out as they did then.)So I decided to shut off all the lights in the apartment for fear of the building being shelled (it was that scary/loud)I then proceeded to go see what the sound was from my porch around 9:45, and as I was standing there listening to the sound I could see the entire block starting to wake up. A ton of people started turning their lights on and I started watching how other people were reacting to the sound. As I was doing that I looked at the far away buildings as a very large number of people were turning on their lights to the sounds, then a bolt of lightning lite up the sky and right above the apartment building in front of my porch I saw the lightning strike something VERY large hovering over one of the buildings. At first I couldn't believe what I just saw, but I didn't really get a good look at it. This object was MASSIVE in comparison to ANYTHING I have seen in the sky before. It also seemed to be extremely close to one of the radio towers that was on top of one of the apartment buildings. As the light from the lightning dimmed I was hit with a wave of shock as I couldn't see it against the dark cloudy sky. I started to panic as I couldn't believe what I just saw. During this the sound of the fire works was still going on and rumbling my chest as if I was in a IMAX theatre. I waited about ten minutes; frantically searching the sky for what I saw...then another bolt of lightning stuck the SAME object in the SAME place, but this time I got a very good look at it and saw that it was saucer shaped and spinning. I just stood there staring at the sky as the light dimmed, and then I never saw it again. I then went inside when the fireworks ended at 10:30, and sat in my living room look at the sky for most of the night.
