{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-02-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547597","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15586","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2697,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/597/mufon-5547597.json","updb_database_id":5547597}
Racecourse ET encounter.

Last night i went on my usual walk with the dog around the race course and noticed a small man standing about 200 meters away from me. I didn't take notice at first , but then as i got closer he started to wave. I walked up to the 5foot man and started talking about the weather , he then asked me if i had seen any shooting stars in the night sky tonight. I looked at him puzzlingly and he started laughing as though it was an inside joke. I told him that i regularly see them on my nightly walks. As i threw the ball for my dog to fetch i noticed a shiny blue/silver object over the other side of the lake , possible a craft?
Shortly after noticing the craft , the small 5 foot man , who looked just as human as you and me , threw the ball for my dog. I kid you not the ball went about 500 meters and my dog bolted off after it. I looked at this small man with shock and said to him "Dam , you've got a good arm mate" . He laughed and said thanks. We talked a little about dogs and then the strangest thing happened. A thick layer of fog started to engulfed us making it impossible to see where my dog was (specially because hes dark black) and the craft like object was covered by fog aswell. At the thought of losing my dog i ran in to the fog looking for him yelling his name. "MAX! MAX!". After a few minutes he came wagging his tale and i was relieved. I turned to walk in the direction of the 5 foot man but couldn't find him. I searched around for about 5 minutes wondering where he could of went , because he could not have gone far. I walked over to where the craft like object had been and noticed it was gone , but where it had been was folded/crushed grass. It dawned on me that this guy and his craft might have been Extraterrestrial ...

I didn't think much of it at the time , but thinking back now i cant believe how stupid i was not to put the pieces together.

What was he doing by himself in the middle of a racecourse? What was this silvery object sitting on the other side of the lake.. 

It was as if this man created this fog to lose me or something .. :/
