{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-31 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489597","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70015","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2385,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/597/mufon-5489597.json","updb_database_id":5489597}
{dr}Lights and erratic movements in southern sky.

I live east of Batesville MS. My husband and I just observed in the southern sky an object of which the lights changed colors from orange to white to yellow to blue, with another light that occasionally blinked on around it. The object moved in tight circles, then up, down, half circle, left, right. It was there when we came in. I took my camera out but the lens is not strong enough to pick the object up well. Quite an experience!! I was originally out to just observe the constellations because I am trying to learn them. The object caught my eye because at first I thought it was an airplane, until I noticed the erratic movements and the changing colors. Funny thing is, my husband observed it with me, and he is a huge UFO skeptic!!
When I first noticed the object, I thought it was an airplane, until the movements were inconsistent with any craft I've ever witnessed. There was an airplane crossing the sky from SW to NE, it's path was below the object I was seeing. At first I thought it was a star, and I was out trying to spot any constellations, because I am trying to learn them when I see them.
As I said, my husband is a big skeptic, and he kept trying to explain it, but watching its erratic movements, and changing lights, he ran out of explanations. He finally decided he had no idea what it could be, and stopped watching. I stood and watched for another 10 minutes before I came in the house seeing I couldn't video it anyway. I am about to go back out and see if it is still there.
Yes, but it has changed its location, it is now more west but still moving, now from east to west about 5 foot taking into account the distance I am viewing. Lights still changing.
I have duties inside, I will check back on it later.
