{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-04 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490597","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68988","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3668,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/597/mufon-5490597.json","updb_database_id":5490597}
{nd} Black spot in the sky

I was driving northbound on the Garden State Parkway. As we crossed over the Mullica River, I looked out over the river to the far left to see some of the sunset scenery. I often take pictures of sunsets from bridges while I'm in my car. I live on an island so I observe sunsets from a bridge quite often. The setting sun was partially behind a cloud. I noticed that directly to the north of this cloud, was another pretty cloud. As I turned to marvel at that cloud I immediately noticed a black spot in front of the 2nd cloud. The spot was very dark and did not appear to be obscured by the cloud. I asked my passenger if they could see it too, and they could. We both stared at the spot and tried to figure out what we were looking at, the shape was not any known shape that either of us have ever seen. It did not resemble a plane, helicopter, kite, Balloon, or any animal. It looked round on the left side and like 2 unequal rounded steps on the right side. At no time did the object make any movement, it looked like it was just part of the sky but blacker than anything we've ever seen in the sky. It wasn't reflecting any sunlight & did not have any lights, which I specifically checked for when I was trying to decipher whether it was an aerial vehicle. It did not appear to be anchored to the ground by any ropes and did not move in any direction nor have any movement itself. The object looked to be pretty far away but I can't imagine anything that would be big enough to see, yet appear to be that far away. If the object was closer, then it should have been close enough to identify. We both assumed that the object had to be pretty large in order for us to be able to see it that far away while not being able to see enough detail to figure out what it was. We were both shocked and we were asking each other what the heck it was that we were looking at. We did a quick rundown of what it might be, plane, helicopter,kite, Balloon, weather, and we both said it didn't resemble anything we could think of. It did not move at all. We both agreed that we were looking at something we haven't seen before and we both questioned whether we were being affected by the distance of the object and maybe couldn't see it right but the size, distance, color & movement of the object just did not add up to being anything man-made or animal that we know of. We did not notice the object or anything else in the sky an hour earlier, when we were heading southbound on the parkway through the same area where we saw the object. We also didn't notice anything unusual or the object in the sky before we reached the area where we saw the object. It was as though nothing was in the sky and then the object appeared. As we finished going over the bridge, we were coming up on the New Gretna toll, we could no longer see the object due to trees being in the way and because we were lower than we were on the bridge. Unfortunately, by the time we figured out that we were looking at something worth photographing, it was too late to still see the object.
