{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-04-06 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459597","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101909","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6241,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/597/mufon-5459597.json","updb_database_id":5459597}
observed silver disc shaped object fly ove house and backyard

I was 17 yrs old at the time. It was April 6th 1993. I know the date because I have always remembered it was the Tuesday night before Easter that year. I was sitting in the front lounge room of my parents house watching TV, my parents were sitting in the living room at the back of the house watching TV in that room. It was actually a little bizarre, and even though it was a long time ago I remember it well as it was the most extraordinary thing I've ever seen and have thought about it often in the years since. I say a little bizarre because I recall I was sitting there watching TV wide awake and then all of a sudden I felt this overwhelming feeling of tiredness come over me all of a sudden, like I couldn't keep my eyes opened any more and I felt like I needed to go to bed. This was at approx. 21:00hrs (perhaps a little earlier, perhaps 20:55 or there about). Anyway this deep tiredness came over me from one minute to the next so I went to bed. I was laying in bed (my bed was situated below my bedroom window) and I was laying facing away from the window. Even though I had felt an overwhelming sensation of being tired before going to bed I recall I was laying in bed but not actually asleep. Then about 10 to 15 minutes later, so at approx. 21:10 to 21:15hr, for some reason I turned around and looked out the window. Why I did that I do not know . As I did this I saw a sliver/metallic disc shaped object literally just moving from over the house to over the backyard (my window opened to the backyard side of the house). The craft was completely soundless which is why I say I don't know why I turned around and looked out the window and also because I recall I did it without thinking. So it was moving into my line of sight just as I looked out the window from over the house to backyard. I recall at first I couldn't believe what I was seeing and remember even thinking perhaps I'm seeing things or even dreaming although I felt like I was wide awake (the sensation of tiredness that drove me to bed had completely disappeared). I even recall looking away and then looking back out the window to make sure I wasn't just seeing things, by this stage the craft (and I'll call it a U.F.O from here on in because an unidentified flying object is what it was, definitely any conventional aircraft I had ever seen) had moved completely over the backyard from the house and was directly in my line of sight out the window and I definitely was awake. I then went running out to my parents shouting stuff like 'look out the window there's a UFO' I was in the kitchen at this point which also had a window looking out to the yard. My parents both came to the kitchen and saw it as well. I recall telling my mother to get the camera, but this being 1993 the only camera we had required film and there was no film in the camera and my mother couldn't find any rolls of film (we didn't have a video camera). I then decided to go out to the backyard as I knew this was an extraordinary event and something I would likely never get to see again. This part is a little funny because as I was heading out I recall saying something like "I'm going out for a closer look" and my mother said "don't go out there you might get abducted". She might deny that part because I don't think she'd remember that part, but I specifically remember her saying it because I remember laughing at her when she said it. This was the most exciting thing my 17 year old self had ever seen so the adrenaline by this point was probably pumping because I recall having no fear, just excitement at what we were witnessing. Anyway, I went out to the yard and there it was still over the yard but just slowly starting to move off. I would estimate from memory it was no more than 20 metres off the ground. Disc shaped, silver/metallic in colour with a red rectangle light at the back of it in it's centre with 2 square clear lights on either side of the rectangular red light. The craft itself I would estimate was probably between 10-15 metres in diameter and looked to be between 2-3 metres in height (from bottom to top of the craft.) As i went out to the yard it had begun to move off slowly over the back paddock at the back of my parents place but continued to move at a slow pace, completely soundless the entire time. As it continued to move off into the distance it slowly began to appear to start going slightly faster and began to rise in altitude until it got to the approximate height of what you would see a plane flying at as it got to a height and distance where I could only see it as a light. First it traveled directly east and then when it was somewhat in the distance I recall it moved more in a north east direction. As it went higher up and got further away eventually the light was out of sight. I would estimate that the whole thing from the moment I saw it out the window until it was just a tiny light fading off into the distance lasted approx. 15 minutes. It would have been over the yard for approx. 2 minutes. Apart from my parents and myself there weren't any other witnesses that I'm aware of. Finally, I'd just like to add that I'm a born skeptic a. And if there wern't any other witnesses I definitely would never of reported it. As it is it's taken me over 26 years to finally decide to do so. But all three of us to this day recall seeing it, and my memory of it, well it could have been yesterday. I know memory changes over time, but this is something I'll never forget as I think about it fairly often and I'm pretty confidant that as a result my memory of it serves me well.
