{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1950-01-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486637","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/637/mufon-5486637.json","updb_database_id":5486637}
{nd} In the early 50's, Beings visited me every night, for many years when I was a child an took me to teach me.

Kansas City, Missouri

Every night, from the time I was 2-4 years old, (About 1950-52) I was "visited" nightly by several "Beings". They always "appeared" in my bedroom at night. Always, from across the room, they would wake me up.  I would feel their presence and would hear them call my name. After I woke up, they would always take me somewhere and bring or send me back before sunrise.  They always spoke to me without moving their lips.   

The most memorable one was one that I called "The Little Guy", because he was a tiny bit taller than me. He always talked to me without moving his lips. As a child, I didn't understand how I could hear him so clear without him "talking".  

At that time in my life, we lived in an apartment, on the second floor. We had a Multi-Frequency, long ranged radio that sat cater-corner in the dining room. I think it was a Philips or Philco. (Which I still have in my possession).  Every night I would go to the bathroom, somewhere about 2-5 AM-ish. He would always step from behind the radio. Then we would always exit by going down, like it was a hole in the floor or like the floor wasn't even there. I have fleeting memories of sitting while he talked to me. (Without moving his lips) :-)  He taught me and "showed" me "How our quadrant of the "Uni-Verse" was Formed", Logic, Mind Over Matter, how "EVERYTHING" was alive or had "LIFE" and so much more. 
As a child, I didn't fully understand the full meaning of "everything" having LIFE !!!  So, I took it literally,
and would talk to everything, dolls, pencils, plates, furniture, etc.  (I now "over-stand" the concept. "Everything " is made of Atoms and atoms are the core of ALL things..... therefore everything has "LIFE").  
 
At four years old, I was telling the adults in my family about how my older sister could use "Logic and "Mind Over Matter" to get rid of her headache that had her screaming from the pain.  His "Visits" continued for years, until I was about 9 or 10 years old. 

He was my height and looked humanoid, but he had a cone-shaped, hairless head. His skin color was light brownish.  

It was the last "Visit" from a Being that I called "The Lady", that caused me to ask them all to stop coming to me. ( I thought "The Lady" was my Aunt, who was still living).  Late one night, as usual, 
"The Lady" appeared across my bedroom, like she always did. This time she asked me to follow her down the hallway, to the Living room. (She, too, always talked to me without moving her lips). When I got to the living room, she told me to straighten the rug that we kept in the center of the room. This was significant because this rug was soft and very flexible. Therefore was a major chore for us little children to keep it straight and it usually took myself, my older sister and my younger brother to accomplish this task.  Soooooo, with her urging and encouragement, I walked to the center of the rug, straightened all four corners. I walked back to the edge, off the rug, turned around, thinking I would be in trouble for messing up the rug.  When I looked at the rug, it was smooth as glass and I was in shock. Then she told me to place a newspaper in the center and to put a framed picture on top. Once again, the rug was smooth as glass..... not a wrinkle in sight.  I was amazed!!!  AND confused!!!  I turn around to ask her "why", but she had just vanished!!!  She was wearing a beautiful light pink full length formal gown, like she aways wore, and had brownish skin tone. 

I went through the house looking for her and saw my mother, who was sitting at the dining room table.
She questioned me and I told her I was looking for Aunt Nette. (My mothers younger sister). Mom said that Aunt Nette wasn't there.  But I insisted that she had just been in the living room with me. Mom looked in the living room and there was the perfectly straight rug with the newspaper and the framed picture in the center.  That didn't make her believe me though.  The next day Mom took me to the doctor, who told my Mother that I was hallucinating and that I had a fever.  :-(

For years I was teased by siblings and cousins to the point that I would go hide somewhere and cry.
I felt unhappy, confused, "Different", like a freak and ashamed. I couldn't understand how they could be "NOT REAL" when I had spent so many years being "Taken" by them every night, learning from them and coming back just before the family awakened in the mornings. Even though I couldn't wrap my brain around the "Hallucination" thing, I was then confused about the reality of my "visiting friends".
So, I asked them to stop coming to me.  

Sooooooo, needless to say, I never told my family or any one else about "The Little Guy" or any of the "other" Beings that visited me at nights!!!! 

I now believe that there was a portal in that apartment that led them to me.  I'm still searching for the purpose. I never saw a space ship. Only those Beings, standing in my room. Sometimes there was 3 -5 Beings. Other times it was just "The Lady".  

Maybe the purpose was for me to share with others like others have shared thru MUFON. I feel like it's time for me to tell my story. I've been hiding waaaaay to long.  

I'm convinced that these Beings were from another planet or planetary system, somewhere in the
"UNI-Verse" and they wanted me to know that they are REAL so I could help others!!!
