{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-18 18:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546637","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"21544","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2816,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/637/mufon-5546637.json","updb_database_id":5546637}
3 bright white lights (like landing lights) in a upside down triangle formation moving away from my location. Unknown is object(s) were solid or individual.

I just walked out of my parents house (Blairstown, NJ)into their driveway and notice the Pleiades (seven sisters) star cluster and the Orion Constelation were clear in the night sky. When I got into my vehicle and departed for home I continued to look out my D/S window up at the stars every few seconds. When I was on Gaisler Road approaching Millbrook Road in Hardwick Twsp. I noticed three very bright white lights at my 12 O'clock high possition. These lights had the appearance of the landing lights on a commercial aircraft. They were in a upside down triangle formation. I could not tell whether or not they were connected, however they moved together. There were no visible possition lights or anti-collision lights. At first, my 19 year Aviation background told me it was a commercial aircraft headed in my direction with its landing lights on. When I realized it seemed to be moving away from my directon I pulled my van over to the right shoulder and rolled down my D/S window to get both a better look and listen. The object was to my amazement moving away from my possition, like as if it was a commercial aircraft flying backwards!!! There were several other private/ commercial aircraft in the sky at the same time. Some of these aircraft had landing lights on and all of them had possition lights and anti-collision lights visible. The object I saw made no sound that I could hear from my location. In my opinion, this object was in violation of FAA regulations. 
  I was not an ultralight, helicopter or blimp due to its higher rate of speed and lack of sound (Aircraft can be very difficult to ID from the ground, particularly at night). The object was only in view to me for a few seconds. It was traveling in what appeared to be a line from Hardwick Twsp. to Stillwater Twsp. I do not know how fast or at what altitude the object was. I wanted to follow/chase the object but that was impossible to do. I can not be sure what this object/ aircraft was and this may be a misidentfication on my part. I am a Private Pilot. 
  No further action taken.
