{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-17 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490637","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2662,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/637/mufon-5490637.json","updb_database_id":5490637}
UFO with royal blue color and small white colore was videotaped

You can see the Youtube video with title :

(17 seconds later) UFO flash with royal blue color  

First 7 seconds you will see a static image,then after 17 seconds, the blue flash appears in the top-left area in the sky. You can also see a small white light beside the blue light (It seems like a reflection of the blue light on the ship body). It does not look like natural phenomenon. There was no cloud around that area in the sky. It flashed only one time in the middle of almost two mintute's recording. 

It was not airplane's lights because they are red,white and green.
It was not drone's LED light because drones cannot fly that high and that they keep shining or flashing at night.( Even if the interval of flashings was very long, you must have seen at least several flashings because the drone moves very slowly in the high place at the sky).

It is not a still meteor. Still Meteors do not show this kind of elliptical shape with white rectangle light in the middle. And the way two lighs (blue and white) flashing at the same time cannot be explained by the meteor phenomenon.

The sound in the video is from the outdoor unit of neighbour's air conditioner. 

Although you may not believe this, for the past several weeks before this video was taken, I had been seriously investigating if there is UFO with royal blue color (because one lady said that she witnessed the UFO with that color).My conclusion was that the UFO with blue color would not exist, but somehow I felt very sorry and I looked up the night sky and tried to send my "telepathy" asking " If there is UFO with royal blue color, please let me videotape that craft" . Then I started to videotape the night sky hoping that something might happen, then the blue flash appeared in the sky.

Camera: Sony HDR-CX390
