{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-12-07 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526637","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2733,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/637/mufon-5526637.json","updb_database_id":5526637}
Caught sight of object in sky while driving. Appeared as very bright star at first, then turned orange, flashed two times, then disappeared.

I was driving along our country road on the way to work, when I caught sight of this strange, bright object in the sky ahead of me. I knew that it was not a star, it was too large, and in the wrong position for a star. It was a bright, sunny day, not a cloud in the sky, with lots of daylight left in the horizon. I watched this thing very intently, and observed its behaviour closely. It first appeared as a very large, bright obect, but, as I watched it further, I saw it suddenly change to an orange colour, similar to a incandescent light bulb being turned off, and seeing the filament glowing orange.

When it changed to orange, it revealed its shape as a large, cylinder-shaped object (ship), with flat ends, and it was hanging motionless in the sky at a 45 degree angle, with its right end pointing downward, and slightly rotated towards me, so that I could see that the end was flat, and elliptical, indicating that the main body of the ship was a round cylinder. 

I marvelled at this thing, realizing that indeed it must be a UFO, and I was just so amazed at this possibility! Then I saw it flash, in rapid succession, twice, and as I rounded a corner in the road, I lost sight of the thing behind the trees. But, it only took around 2 minutes to get past the corner, and on to another straight stretch of the road, and into a clearing where I could once more get a clear and a panoramic view of the sky. I knew exactly where to look up to find the object once again, but to my surprise, it was completely gone! I looked everywhere that I could, but there was no trace of it to be seen!   

I could hardly believe what I had just seen-a real UFO! I later asked around town, to see if anyone else had seen anything unusual in the sky, but to no avail, so I kept it to myself, except for telling family and close friends. However, I recorded the details of my sighting for my own experience, and sat on the information until finally deciding to report it to a legitimate UFO tracking agency.
