{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-11-02 18:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464637","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96198","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2846,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/637/mufon-5464637.json","updb_database_id":5464637}
{jpg} Assumed it was an object but saw no object just a soft blueish hue light flying on a path

I was driving home on a highway up a mountain pass with the beginning being 541 elevation and the top at 3578 elevation at sunset. In between those two elevations something caught my eye that was slightly NE in front and almost straight above my car. At first I thought it was a star that I usually see every night on the way home that is very bright. When I focused on it, I realized right away that it wasn't the star but a soft light with a blue tinge in an oval shape. It made no noise and appeared to be on a path. I knew immediately this was unusual. I was driving 65 mph and was looking for a place to turn off to take a photo and was afraid that it would fly to fast before I could stop. I found a right turn off and immediately swung around to stop. I was keeping an eye on it and noticed that it flew under this cloud and then began circling under the cloud, when I stopped I snapped three photos as it was finishing circling and began its path again. My first thought was that it was heading for the dam which was in that direction, NW. I watched it fly to some point in that direction and then went straight down, I got back into my car and looked back and saw it go straight up move to the left and go down again where then by that time I was getting back on the highway and thought I saw it go back up again and then sort of blinked out. I was beginning to think my mind was playing a trick on me because where it was headed there were other lights from things around there. Not a lot but enough to make it seem confusing since I had looked away and looked back. I am on the road a lot driving anywhere from 500 to 1000 miles a week in Nevada and Arizona, during the day and evening. I see lots of planes and helicopters. It looked nothing like them to me and made no noise. The closest thing I thought was maybe a drone?
