{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-09-12 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490651","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2783,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/651/mufon-5490651.json","updb_database_id":5490651}
Answers from Aliens

My Dad and I suddenly had a thought (at the same time) to walk to the back spring and check the water - approximately 1000 feet from the farmhouse.
Walking to the back spring I noticed yellow green lights forming lines across the ground in a non-distinct pattern. My Dad did not want to pay attention to lines - he was focused on getting to the spring. It was coming on dusk now and lights seemed to grow brighter.
The field had recently been cut but I could not figure out the lines - they looked like laser beams laying on the ground.
We both arrived at the spring and I tried to get some water; when I looked up, Dad was starring at the edge of the bush and there about 60 feet away were two sets of eyes that lite up from Dad's flashlight. They stepped forward - I told Dad that were aliens - for what ever reason he thought they were bears. They zapped us with a small wand that froze our muscles completely. I can remember saying to myself, "concentrate, move your foot", and I did - at which point I was zapped again.
On board their ship I awoke beside an alien who was surprised that I was not distressed at her appearance. I call this being a "her" - I do not know why - she was more grasshopper looking then then creatures on the ground - who looked more like the "greys". I had many questions for her and she was willing to answer all except one which to explain their propulsion system as she said I could not understand. I asked to stay onboard and travel with them - she was impressed (I think) by my lack of distress and my many questions - she took me to see another large grasshopper type and poised the same question about me staying on board. This is where they set me up in a test ( I did not know at the time) where they left me in a room, like a control room and I was told not to touch anything. I could not help myself - I tried to figure out the controls and started moving some of them - the large grasshopper came back in and was very upset - The her took back to another area where I passed my Dad being operated on - I think this was another test because I lost it - I have more
to tell, like why they are here, why they need us etc.
