{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-12 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529651","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2892,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/651/mufon-5529651.json","updb_database_id":5529651}
sighted an unidentified object standing still in the air about 100 ft away from me

I live in Newport News/VA.
12th night October -2010 (Tuesday). I was driving back from Hampton roads after having my usual hair cut at supercuts.
Was driving on the highway at about 45miles/hr.I see this object the size of a sesna , still in the air , across the highway , in the wooded area.
I see it from some distance so I slow my vehicle to take a look and might be at a speed of 20miles/hr.
My vehicle don't have tinted glasses. So I was observing the features of the object in great detail. It did not occur to me that it may be a UFO .
But I looked at the object in great detail. It was not a chopper.
Then I thought it may be a fighter jet standing still in air..But as I drove past it, I find the shape to be amusing. It has features extending below its body like a stand ,several of them.and there were lights around them.
I am certain that it was not a fighter jet due to its peculiar shape.
After I passed this object, I immediately realized it may be a UFO.
i took a U turn at the next signal. 15 seconds might have elapsed .
I took U turn and am back on the highway, but this object was not to be seen. I even had my cell ph camera turned on to capture any unusual sightings. 
Then i turned back at next signal to get back home and passed this section of the road . there was nothing significant. But could see some sparks like flashes , very faint ones. just like electric sparks. but that was it
After I got home I spoke with my friend and sister about this.
I tried to convince myself that it is not a UFO.
But having seen this object in such great detail, makes me feel it is not a usual flying object . 
the area behind the highway is some what wooded. and there is no way a human operated vehicle could fly or stay still in air at such a low elevation
The elevation being 80% the height of a street light.

you may contact me on my email provided. But I don't think there is any traceable evidence.
But I would be curious to see if anybody has reported such sighting on same night. and btw this area is adjacent to few homes so it is very possible that someone living in those houses might have seen something and just ignored the fact

thanks
*(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
