{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-16 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520651","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35883","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3397,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/651/mufon-5520651.json","updb_database_id":5520651}
I saw multiple orb type glowing lights and got photos

Yesterday 2/16/12 My roommate and myself were outside around 7pm looking at the sky and stars as we normally due since last summer when we witnessed another sighting and was interviewed by the local new 10 crew.
  We have been noticing blinking star like things showing up sometimes in the sky where there was nothing in that location the night before and sometimes we would see more than one making a triangular type shape, blinking, shooting up into the air, or just all the lights would just turn off at the same time and disappear. We bought a amateur telescope and got interested in the Stellarium space software so that if we did see something we could check the location and see if it was something that was supposed to be there or not.
 We saw a circle of light and a faint sound and we looked up and my roommate took out his cheap metro pcs samsung phone so he could try to get a better look at what it was and told me it looked like some kind of helicopter. We do get the Life Flight Helicopters and the Police Dept Helicopters overhead quite a bit...but this was one I had never seen before and as I said there were lights that made a circle on the helicopter...which I have NEVER seen before.
 Right about that time my roommate panned to the left and called me over to look at his screen, and on the screen I could see 1 light come on and then turn off...then another one turned on and they 1 by 1 turned on and off, then another one turned on and it made kind of a V shape and they stayed on...at that point another light came on but not as bright...after that other ones showed up darting side to side around the others and then would shoot straight up into the air and disappear.
 He was able to get some good pics and we have those avail to send to you...I am a Paranormal Investigator myself and am very aware that there are many things that happen in our skys at night which causes me to pay attention and over the years i have witnessed many different UFOs but this is actually the 2nd time in this location that I have witnessed one. The last one I found out later that other people had also witnessed the other one and had reported it as well. I know the importance of evidence in the Paranormal World which is why we tried to get whatever pics we could (even though it is not a high grade cell phone camera) in order to be able to show proof of what we saw.
 Please feel free to contact me if you need any additional information.
