{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-04 20:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486651","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73045","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3219,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/651/mufon-5486651.json","updb_database_id":5486651}
{nd} light hovering in the clear night sky changing colors

8:50 p.m. 12/4/15 a very clear sky on friday night. heard a couple teenagers outside my apartment being loud, decided to go see since i have a new car outside and i live in a pretty busy city..went outside, on my porch on the third floor and watched the teens stand on the side of my car when realizing they weren't doing anything i decided to listen to them as they got louder in excitement and confusion. i looked up into the night sky and noticed a very big light in the distance that was brighter than any star or any aviation craft i have seen in my life. the object was still as if it were scanning the area. the object was out to the west and eventually started to move very slowly north after a few minutes. during this few minutes it did change from a white color from first being seen to a very distinctive purple color, during this few minutes it changed multiple colors from green to what appeared to be a light show of multiple colors of red, blue, green and purple, all with in a second. once it started going north, i videoed as much as i could until i couldn't see it no more(due to a roof of a neighboring house). at that time i stopped for a second and just thought what it could be. i then thought wait i may be able too see this from the back of my house. i went to the the other side of my house(which was on the other side of the neighboring house) and the object was there where it went west briefly and came back east toward me video.. now in the video on the back side of the house there was a tree outside my window where it appears in and out and almost blinking, it wasn't it was the branches of the tree making it appear that way. the object then started to go south again and rite before it did it turned to a big bright red in which it stayed that color the rest of the time. once it went south again i had to go back to the front of my house to continue to film. the last video is just over 30 seconds long when a plane out in the distance came into picture. and thats when the object kicked into gear and left the sky. after the object left there was a lot of activity in the air (planes flying) where all this took place. you can my reactions and emotions in the video as i tried my best to describe what was going on.
