{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-30 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487651","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72007","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4661,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/651/mufon-5487651.json","updb_database_id":5487651}
{jpg} Awakened on a table flanked by two beings

Oct 29 2015,had come to the end of my day and pulled into truck stop to begin my rest period, bunked down around 9pm, vividly remember waking on a table, the room was pitch black except for the area right around the table, as for the table itself it was red, not the material itself, the color seemed to come from within, i was lying on my back, rolled my head to the left and two being standing side by side stared down at me, i distictly remember thinking to myself that i felt nothing from them, almost like looking at a piece of furniture, not like the feeling you get from a flesh and blood being, it was at this moment i panicked and grabbed a...tool that was on a table next to my head, the tool was cylindrical and shown white hot on one end no cord on the other, i grabbed the entity closest by what i percieve to be its wrist and jammed the tool into the entities are causing it distress, that is when the second entity standing near the first reached out and touched me on my shoulder causing me to jump up in the bunk of my truck, seeming to be awakened, one moment im fighting next im sitting up in my bunk terrified, no inbetween, one to the other, terror, sadness and an acute knowledge of what just happened not at all muddled by sleep.

The beings description.

Tall,wearing burgandy skin tight unitards, shoulders went up and to a point,arms were long, had the been at their side the hands would touch the floor,the hands had no fingers but were like rubber pincers and moved very mechanically, skin color was flesh toned, eyes were covered by large black lenses giving them the appearance of greys eyes but i could faintly see a pair of smaller eyes underneath,small nose and small mouth with slight lips, when i grabbed being one by the arm my hand fit completely around and felt mechanical underneath.

November 10, 2015
Phone interview with Nathan Nickaboine

On October 29, 2015 around 9 pm he was in his semi-tractor trailer getting ready to go to sleep. The very next thing he remembers is what he has written in his narrative. The next time he remembers is around 2:30 am, October 30.
He reports no unusual circumstances immediately prior to this event: no unusual activity around his rig, no lights, no aura. Upon return his clothes were not in disarray. He can find no unexplainable marks on his skin or bioluminescence. He does not believe this was a dream based on the subsequent terror he felt and its vividness.
He could not tell the height of the creatures. One was slightly taller. There was no communication. Their heads were pumpkin shaped with large almond eyes that were not slated. No ears, thin mouth, grayish white skin that looked like latex. When he grabbed one of the creature1s wrist he stated that it felt mechanical beneath the skin. They wore one piece uniforms with padding in the shoulders. The hands had a thumb appendage and the remainder looked like 4 fingers fused without individual digits.
The object he grabbed was about the size of a cigarette and one end appeared to be white hot.
The room was completely dark except the immediate area.
Nathan is a 10 year combat veteran who has seen active conflict. He currently drives a semi. He has had other events of an unusual nature.
When was a child he remembers seeing little men looking in his bedroom window. When has was around 16 he and his uncle saw a small man behind a stump in the yard.
Around 2009 he saw a triangular craft overhead being refueled by KC 130 tankers.
He also reports some other strange occurrences such as new lake appearing on his route and changes in the road and bridges along the route.
Nathan is a very reliable historian. There was no attempt to magnify or marginalize any of the events he reported.
I forwarded to him the information for one of our vetted hypnotherapists in Katy, Texas since he indicated he might be interested in pursuing these events in more depth .He will try to construct a picture of the creatures and forward it to me.

George F Medich MD
MUFON ERT
