{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-17 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512651","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45659","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/651/mufon-5512651.json","updb_database_id":5512651}
{dr}Discovered possible anomalous lights on photograph. Did not notice anything unusual when the pic was taken.

I was leaving the public library when I noticed that the crepe myrtle bushes looked interesting under the parking lot lights. Photography is one of my hobbies. I have a habit of carrying my camera with me all the time. It was a very cold night. The temp was hovering around freezing. There was a possibility of sleet in the area, but this passed by. 
I got in my car and turned the heater on to warm up. I rolled down the drivers side window and pulled closer to the bushes. Im still a novice with photography. It takes me a bit to experiment with manual camera settings to get the look that I want, especially with night time photography.
I took about five shots of two different crepe myrtle bushes. I noticed nothing unusual. It was a very quiet night with very little traffic. I think most people were staying in because of the threat of ice. I heard no noise from airplanes. There was scattered cloud cover and stars visible through the clouds. I toyed with the idea of setting up my tripod to get some shots of the night sky, but it was just too cold. 
A couple of days later I opened the photographs on my PC to edit them. I noticed the three lights immediately. The mist and orbs in the right side of the pic are probably due to my cars engine. The three lights do seem to be up in the sky and not an odd reflection on the lens. The lights seem to illuminate the hazy cloud around them. Only one of the five pictures have the lights. I would be inclined to think that this was an airplane except for the low altitude and the lack of engine noise. 
Explanations are most welcome.
The first attached photo is the original shot converted to jpeg format. In the second photo I have increased the contrast and the brightness.
