{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526651","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29031","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3048,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/651/mufon-5526651.json","updb_database_id":5526651}
Disquised as before but BIGGER. Like 'dots' or a huge hoard of insects. Yet makes you 'think' what you see. Took photos of the first one. MUFON has them.

...because it has no brain. The 5 photos I took was a different shape. Yet in each shot on the film it was one same object. Dr. B. Macabee analyzed them and authenticated them to be a moving object, not a hoax. I knew they were not yet understood since people do these things. In the photos they are saucer in shape with a field around it. Though it has been many years past I did not report the second sighting of the SAME type ship. (Seen others in different ships)
This one quite larger in size. Did not have a camera but did have my Dad with me who jokingly called me a nut. But not after this!
It was a MOFON F.I. that came to my house. Asked lots of questions. He could see I was being honest. Though at least 3 times he asked me if I was sure I'd not read about UFOs and had not.
Then he gave me a book to read saying 'If at any time you start to feel upset, stop reading. It was upsetting yet found a relief because I now had an understanding of many things. To this day, though I can not proove it, the worse is having (seemingly) a child taken from me while only a few weeks pregant. Is female. Called it me 'Wise baby dream' until..
Then saw her again when she was around 6/7 yrs old in Earth years. I call her my Star-Child yet wonder still... and always will.
Do not know for sure but a few years ago woke up and by blue eyes had turned green as grass litteraly overnight. Not sure if it was them or not. Not once have I asked MUFON or did any type research. So now I am ready to know, if you would kindly tell me IF this has happened to others.
When I last contacted MUFON I needed time to integrate all I had learned. By rhe way my last name was Revis at the time. 
No one ever contacted me once the photos I kindly gave permission to use at a MUFON gathering. Am still at the same address.
Thats basically it. To let tou know me and my Dad saw one again...if there is such a thing as a Mother Ship it would be one. And curious if anyone else woke up with their eyes a different AND intense color. (Later turned back to my normal color. My Mom was aghast! How could anyone know how *I* feel? They are my eyes, after all!)
Thank you for letting me share and vent a bit and update too. Please, I need help to know about what happened to my eyes.
Sincerely,
Linda Seay-Skaggs (Revis)
