{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-28 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495778","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2680,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/778/mufon-5495778.json","updb_database_id":5495778}
{rjl} Bright, white, pulsating object similar to sighting witnessed in same location two days ago.

Two days ago, I witnessed a light event of some kind on top of a hill near the home where I am living. The road where that was witnessed is Plain Hill Rd. in Baltic. Tonight, I had ordered take out and just before I placed my order over the phone, I was staring out my kitchen window towards the hill where I first saw something and noticed THE EXACT SAME EVENT WAS OCCURRING AGAIN! There was that ball of light, that pulsating, bright, white, low circle! I couldn't believe that this was happening again and as soon as I had placed my order and got off the phone, I took out my iPod and captured two pictures. One had my neighbor's garage in it to kind of give some scale of the event I was seeing and the other was a zoom in picture to maybe make out a source of the light. Both came out TERRIBLE but they've been attached anyway. AGAIN, I immediately thought it HAD to be a helicopter or a star or a planet or something but then it MOVED away from the hill and began to head away from where I was. I jumped in my car, grabbed my food, and tried to get it from a vantage point. I sped over to the top of the hill where I had last saw it going and I pulled over to the side of the road. I grabbed my iPod again, got out of my car, and tried to take a picture of it but it was darting away from the hill. I was looking at the light moving around when it split into two orbs (one big, one small) and the small orb REJOINED the big orb to form ONE light circle. Then it left into the distance. I got one photo on top of the hill showing the big and small orb after it split in two. Unfortunately, the quality of the photos is grainy at best, but I just wanted to document what I've seen as best I could.
