{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494778","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3669,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/778/mufon-5494778.json","updb_database_id":5494778}
Lights changing color and course

Summer 1997 - evening about 22 pm . I was watching a movie in a Summer Theater under the night sky .The Pallas Movie Theater was on top of the tallest building in the area, with clear view of the sky over the wall surrounding the top of the building . Screen oriented towards N - NW . Was after half of the movie's duration . Four lights appeared in the starry sky in two rows and steady formation - distance from each other. Bright orange yellow moving from West to North East in the horizon and appearing to be in quite some distance . Everyone in the theater noticed the strange light formation. The speed was too fast for a commercial airplane or even military - that never fly over our Island -and Corfou Town anyway - and the long distance made them visible for a few seconds . It appeared obviously, as a very strange phenomenon to everyone, as most of the audience in the theater, were pointing out towards the lights.
Suddenly and while they were over -and towards the end- of the large theater screen, - and with out reducing speed, or apparently turning, or changing direction- the lights change to very bright white and then blue and shoot upwards at very sharp angle. Everyone observed them till they were lost in the distance, in an unbelievable speed. From the second the color and direction of the lights was changed and till they were lost, lasted no more than three or four seconds but the change of color brightness course and level ( the angle of about 30 degrees they shot in the sky ) - nothing we know could have been . No sounds were heard , no motors, but the speed and bluish flame - like lights, left an idea of a trace but this could be our perception of speed and light . I can't , to this day, think of nothing changing direction and from traveling horizontal -with out turning or reducing speed - shoot itself upwards, like those lights we witnessed . If there were not another two hundred people or more, that witnessed the same phenomenon, I would question my sighting but we all saw the same thing . 
I am not a "believer" of any kind and have never bothered to report this, till a friend reminded me of the incident a few days ago.. I still can't think of anything capable of changing direction and course this way .Planes , or even rockets and missiles ( hardly flying over our Town) , just respond according to flight's rules and certainly do not fly like this ! 
From the noise that went on among the audience, the cabin personnel attending the projecting cameras, stopped the movie and turned the lights on . In the few moments it took for people to calm down after this sighting, I had the chance to discuss it with a few people I know, ( small town) and realized they saw exactly the same thing 
Discussing incident with more of the audience after the end of the movie, I understand that everyone apparently was stunned at this uncommon change of direction and the tremendous speed the bluish lights were lost in the sky . I was told they all observed the same exactly phenomenon and no one heard sounds .
