{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-12 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285778","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117623","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/778/mufon-5285778.json","updb_database_id":5285778}
Star like crafts in randomized flight pattern.

It was in the late evening hours of a cold night in February. There were very few cirrus clouds in sky and the crisp air made the atmosphere very clear (no humidity or haze). There was also very little to no breeze. I went out into my South Philadelphia backyard to have a cigarette. My backyard is very large and open for this area with only one large tree to the NE. I was observing the sky and from the north in the direction of center city I observed what appeared to be 12-15 diamond or triangular shaped objects flying in a random formation heading south. As the objects moved across the sky in front of me around a 50° angle they proceeded to alter their positions with one another in very unnatural ways. The best way I can describe it is like the white flakes in a snow globe. They swirled around each other but the individual objects did not tumble around and it was absolutely silent. The objects seemed unnaturally reflective, almost a dull glow but with no aura. Then after about 10 or 15 seconds they all just vanished in the sky to the south west. The part that really disturbed and confused me was the fact that they did not fade into a backdrop of clouds like a plane or ballon would and slowly fade out. For example, it was like if you look at a light bulb and then suddenly turn the switch off and you see that quick fade of the light as your eyes adjust to the blackness that is how they all disappeared at the exact same time. Then there was nothing. I literally went inside, told my girlfriend that I had just witnessed something really strange and grabbed a folding chair and another layer and sat out back for another hour just staring at the sky and wondering what I had just seen. I decided to report this sighting after seeing the recent video of the objects above the Ben Franklin parkway. The objects appeared to switch positions in such similar ways that I realized people around this city are seeing similar things in the sky. I have absolutely no explanation for what I saw and perhaps my testimony can corroborate some other sightings in this area.
