{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-10 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504778","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54108","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3028,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/778/mufon-5504778.json","updb_database_id":5504778}
{rjl} glowing ufo near 5 fwy, near dodger stadium.

I was driving home from work, around 5:45 pm, on Monday, Feb 10th. I was on the 5 FWY heading north near LA County/USC Hospital when I first noticed the object. I thought it was an airplane. 

As I kept driving north towards Glendale on the 5 FWY, I noticed how the object was completely lit. Like a light bulb glowing against the dusk sky. The object was completely lit, like a glow in the dark sticker, but not green, instead it was white. But it did NOT radiate light, like a flash light. By now it was around 6 pm and I was driving near Dodger stadium. By then the object was traveling my way and it seemed to glide in the sky. Perfectly gliding. As I drove towards it, I noticed it looked a little bit like a football shape, and like I said, the whole object was glowing like a glow in the dark, white color sticker. By then I could definitely tell it was NOT an airplane, nor helicopter and not a blimp or a Chinese lantern or a kite or a remote control toy. 

As I drove, the object was on the other side of the 5 fwy near I would say the Atwater Village area. Then, the object stopped and hovered over a building. There are lots of factories around there, near the LA River area. The object was hovering I would say no higher than a 40 story building. Then, it appeared to freeze in the air. It was PERFECTLY still. It was amazing. I rolled down the window and I could not hear a sound. NOTE: I was on the freeway but it was congested. I was traveling no more than 5-10 m/p/h and that's why i was able to see it for so long. Another thing, this was the closest I got to it and I would say that the object now resembled a Saturn shape. But the edges were kind of fuzzy. Also, I noticed a small red light on the bottom of it, that pulsated every few seconds. So maybe it was a drone? I am pretty sure the object was the size of a mid sized car.

I've lived in the Burbank/Glendale area all my life, I've seen lots and lots of airplanes, helicopters, blimps, toy airplanes. But this was not one of those. It turns your life upside down when you see stuff like this. I am surprised more people didn't see it. I wanted to film it but I was afraid I might crash if I tried to film it with my smart phone. Like I said, the glow of it and the way it seemed to literally freeze in the air was amazing. I feel very lucky to have seen one if it turns out to be a UFO.
