{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-09-24 12:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291778","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7514,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/778/mufon-5291778.json","updb_database_id":5291778}
A star-like light and two dark red cylinders each with a light at one end moved in triangular formation from overhead to the horizon.

Objective report:

It was September 24, 2003, at roughly 12:40 p.m. I was sitting on the front steps of my house, facing NWW, having just eaten lunch outside. It was a sunny day with clear blue skies overhead. Nearly directly above me (perhaps very slightly ahead of me) and very high in the sky, I saw a vivid, crisp point of white light which I mistook for a bright star. Noting that it was peculiar to be seeing a star at that time of day, I figured it might be a super nova which I would hear about later on the news. I considered myself lucky to have seen it first for myself before hearing about it, and thought nothing more of it.

Then, slightly to the left of the star, and slightly closer toward me, but at the same high altitude, I noticed a dark red cylinder, the length of which was aiming more or less down the length of our road (NNE). This dark red cylinder had a bright white light at the left end of it, which looked like the star-like point of light that I first saw. It was a very crisp, vivid white light. Not blinding, at that distance, but very intense. This object looked vaguely like a rocket, but with no wings or fins of any kind that I could see from below, and so I assumed that I was seeing a rocket being tested by the Canadian military. But I thought it strange that a test was happening in civilian airspace; that’s the sort of thing that remote military test sites are for. Still, I thought nothing more of it and kept watching with interest, wondering if perhaps this was something I should later report to the police, incase it was not a Canadian rocket.

It occurred to me though after a few seconds that although the cylinder object was moving toward the right as I would expect it to, had it been a rocket, it had strangely not moved past the star which was still slightly to the right of it. I looked back to directly overhead to be sure the star was not there, and it was indeed not overhead. It had moved. So I quickly looked back to where the point of light and the cylinder object were, at which point I noticed there was a second cylinder object, which had not been there when I looked away moments before. It looked just like the first cylinder object, but oriented perpendicular to it, pointing in the direction that I was facing (NWW). It too was slightly to the left of the first point of light, but further away than the first cylinder object.

Together these three objects were in a triangular formation, and continued moving in unison in a NNW direction, roughly toward where the road I lived on was leading. When I realized that the perpendicular cylinder object was moving sideways in a way that no rocked could, it became apparent that what I was seeing was likely not man-made (unless there was very exotic technology being kept secret from the public). I did not realize in that moment that I was in shock, but by the end of my sighting I noted that my hands were shaking.

At one point a young woman walked past me on the sidewalk. She was facing in the direction that the objects were moving toward, and I wanted to tell her to look and see what I was seeing, but by that time the objects were already so far away that I was struggling to track them myself; when I looked back I had to search and scrutinize the sky, but I did find them again, still moving in the same direction. I tested my eyes once or twice more like this, looking slightly away and then relocating the objects in the sky, to be sure I wasn’t hallucinating. But eventually, just as the objects became nearly too small to see, they disappeared into a far distant hazy cloud formation over the horizon. (My eyesight had been tested a few years prior while obtaining my driver’s license, and one eye was 19/20, and the other was 20/20.)

The entire sighting probably did not last more than a minute, or perhaps 2 minutes at most, but it’s hard to say with precision given that it happened 17 years ago. The speed at which the objects were moving was comparable to the speed of a commercial airliner at cruising altitude, if not slightly faster. And if I had to guess, I would say the dark red cylinder objects were roughly the size of the fuselage of a large commercial airliner. But at that high altitude, it was hard to say for certain.

Subjective report:

I hesitate to include this part of my experience because it exposes a slightly shameful episode from my youth, and because it will likely call my judgement into question. I hope the reader will understand that young people sometimes lack perspective, and view what follows as a stark example of that. But, none the less, I think this is relevant to my sighting, and so I will share it.

During my last years of high school, and for a few years afterward, I followed a website run by a woman who claimed to be receiving messages from aliens. Among other things, she made dire predictions about a cataclysm in Spring of 2003 which did not come to pass. I was naturally glad the prediction failed, but also disillusioned at having delayed life plans for a year or two, out of caution.

On the day of my sighting, Sept 24, 2003, after having eaten lunch on the front steps of my house, I reflected on the bizarreness of the past few years. I was disappointed in myself for having given weight to a strange and unlikely story, without any evidence to support it. And I specifically reflected on the importance of evidence before believing extravagant claims. For a while that website had stoked in me some belief in the possibility that aliens might be visiting earth, but with its collapse I had to acknowledge that I was back to square one - with little reason to hold onto belief. I committed myself in that moment to a more rational life, only believing what can be supported by good evidence - that seeing was believing and that the claims of other people could not be taken as evidence, unfortunately.

The reason I include this in my report is because it will never lose significance for me that this was the moment when my sighting took place. Having been curious my whole life about the stories I heard of alien encounters, and having wanted some proof that they really were here, for my sighting to take place at this very moment in my life seems beyond coincidence. Moreover, for it to happen in such a gentle way, slowly easing me into the realization of what I was seeing, strikes me as considerate and good natured. I don’t know who or what orchestrated this sighting, but I’m left with the impression that it was very intimately meant for me to see, and that whoever was behind it understood what was happening in my life, and in my thoughts.
