{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-05 18:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497625","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5617,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/625/mufon-5497625.json","updb_database_id":5497625}
{dr}it can't be told in 25 words .to much information . /events .

I'm going to tell the story .I'm not going to reveal the exact location. I haven't been able to return to look for evidence .  I was out looking for traces of Indian s in the mountains you will see that In the PIC i had set my phone down on the ground. It took the picture by accident. I didn't know I had it until I got home . so obviously I was in the mountains about a two he four wheel drive. Their was a massive thunderstorm. Like I've never heard before it shook the ground . it was after that. that the ffirst PIC was taken . so at the end of the day I was headed back .I stopped at one last place a mountain that had a spine of rock in the shape of a saddle .I was hiking around just as it was getting dark heading back to the truck .I saw across the clearing to the trees that edged a canyon a bright light passing behind the trees inside the canyon .I watched go a ways down.turned to go get my phone to take a picture and as I did another one flew over my head and down over the trees into the canyon and down to the other one then they both went further down the canyon and stopped. I got the phone out to take a PIC .but the battery was completely dead of course. And I was thinking great now nobody will believe any of this . so I thought I'll drive the truck as far as I can go . to get closer so I tried to start it it woul d not start . the lights and dash had power but somehow no power to starter .it doesn't make any sense .besides its a Toyota it always starts on the first turn of the key . so I got out. And as I was looking up to see if I could see anything else .I heard a lot of noise and noticed this thing that looked like a slice of pie shape not a triangle but more like a wedge with a light on both sides toward the front and what looked like two light at he back but could have also been motors ? It sounded like it was having major problems . as I watched it it flewcloser I could see that it had a thickness or structure. As soon as it flew past the spine it turned to the same light as the other two and was silent it also flew down into the canyon and joined them and they just sat there .I pulled out my spotting scope but all I could see was the light from them so I started looking to the sky for more I noticed what looked like a question mark of lights or stars but I realised that it was below the cloud cover .Their were many points or kinds of lights around it.when it was between the spine of the mountain it seemed very close. And I had this overwhelming thought or feeling that it or whatever I can't explain it but I feel it said to me .THEIR ARE ONLY 19 OF US LEFT! Meaning them or it . whatever it is I don't know and I don't understand .at this point I'm very frustrated with the whole experience. I have tried to prove it and I have a lot of evidence to the good. I have tried to debunk it and keep coming to the same conclusion. Its real its a machine of some kind and it huge . I also have many other pics since then of many other craft . in other places. Also I will say this on my way out of the mountains their were probably 20 other crafts or lights from craft? Parked on the sides or tops also down in the the valleys .and theirs much more to tell. Also my ex wife who was a complete skeptic . now understands .because she also has an incredible set of pics from around the same area probably 30 miles or so from mine. But the same kind of crafts . bottom line now she believe s . the blue PIC is the fist one the others are enhanced in trying to get past the cloud . check the edges of the cloud note the S shape or questionmark and how its attached to the rest of the machine also note the way this thing came through the Atmosphere .at least that's how it looks to me .I've worked on getting as close as I can to the final keep in mind I'm not a computer person .so it took a lot to get there .the last photos are of my computer screen because I couldn't figure out how to save the image once I had it zoomed to this size I know how I did it taking away seemed to be the best instead of adding so the last are all from the same picture . I zoomed and only changed pixel rate as focus changed I can do it with the same result with this photo always. It never turns out the same in trials with no picture .just zooming and pixelation so I believe I've got it right .that's why I'm sending in so someone can help with it .? Thank you for the consideration. And know this they are will here as close as the 25 of Nov.
