{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-23 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546625","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"21616","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/625/mufon-5546625.json","updb_database_id":5546625}
dusky orangehalf-visible orb or sphere in northern sky, very large, 1/4 inch at arm's length

Coming out of a gathering of folks, at approximately 9:20-9:30 P.M. (non-alcohol music venue),I saw in the northern sky, a large glow of muted orange light. It was behind the treetops, and looked to be a few miles away. only the "bottom half" was showing, as a setting sun does when it sinks below a cloud, but it seemed perfectly stationary. The bottom edge was well delineated,perfectly round, but the top(if, indeed it was a sphere or disk), seemed shrouded in cloud. I walked along the walkway out front, finding a better place to see it between the trees, saying,"what the HECK is that? My boyfriend said,"that's the moon", whereupon I pointed to the actual half-moon, high, bright white, and to the left of us. I ran into the building to tell our host. He came out and said "Maybe it's the moon", as did nearly everyone else who looked at it. My boyfriend said "it's a planet". I said. "if that's a planet, we're in deep #%&*. It could have been mistaken for the moon, as it was just a bit smaller than the moon from our perspective. But like I said, The moon was already there. I was rather excited to be seeing such a mysterious thing, but nobody else seemed to be. One or two people sang the theme to "Twilight Zone" as they got in their cars and left, but that was about it. They all saw it when I pointed it out, though. 
 We got in the car and drove around to find a place we could see it better, but we didn't see it from anywhere else. We came back to the building (it sits on a slight hill just barely away from the orange streetlights so prevalent here. In fact, I thought it could be one of those lights at first, but too high, much too large at the distance it seemed to be, and the wrong shape and not quite the right color). On the approach to the driveway, I could see the "object", and once we got up to where I had first seen it, I could tell it was in the same place as before. 
 I wanted to stay and see if this thing would move, or "do something", but it was late, so we left. I looked out the window the whole way home, and didn't see it again. 
  Could it have been an atmospheric reflection of the moon? (the positions/angles of the two objects wouldn't have matched in a reflection, in my opinion). Could it even have been a large solid sphere reflecting the streetlights at the bottom and not the top?
 Oddly enough, I saw another sky phenomenon from the same place, in November or December 2009, a meteor, but not like any I've ever seen before, close and slow moving with twin tails, a bright spot in front and the trails were a golden color. I was the only witness to it that I know of. The reason I noticed the orange glow is that now I'm in the habit of looking at the sky from there after seeing the "meteor" back then. 
 By the way, my boyfriend is a real skeptic and even he thought the orange glow was bizarre. 
 I have had a few other odd experiences, dreams or sightings over the years, all different.
