{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-13 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484625","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75194","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3644,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/625/mufon-5484625.json","updb_database_id":5484625}
{cak } Circular or ball-like. Bright orange/red. Outer edge ring somewhat transparent. Edges not smooth.

Note: the attached pic makes object appear smooth-edged. That's only because of the distance away from the object when I was able to take the photo. 
I was taking the trash out to the curb at about 8:30. Walking back to the house a bright orangish moving object caught my eye at about my 2 o'clock. I was initially very surprised because I couldn't figure out what it may have been and my location in the next couple of seconds (at the west side of my house) prevented any further view. I went in the house and told my wife that I had seen something very unusual then decided to go into the backyard to see if may have been a helicopter. But instinctively I new better. Almost as soon as I went into the backyard another identical object entered my vision off to my left (west)! I admit that I was completely stupefied and found myself unable to make any sense out of what I was seeing. The object continued in a straight line overhead and off to my right (east). Note: the night sky was partly cloudy (low patches of white) to the west but in many places beautifully clear with stars visible. This was both to the west and overhead and to some extent eastward. Further east, the clouds appeared both thicker and lower. The object coming out of the west was well below the few clouds that existed there and, overhead, it passed thru clear sky. As it continued eastward it actually disappeared in the lower elevation of the cloud cover. I keep saying "it"; however, I saw a total of four of these objects. They were identical in appearance, at the same elevation, of the same color and other characteristics and, mostly notably: made no sound whatsoever. I'm guessing here but I would put their elevation at about 1500-2000 feet. Pure guess! WA h object would pass out of sight in the east for perhaps a 30 secs to 1min before the next one would come out of the west. It my pic is of the fourth one as I simply didn't think to take my phone with me when I went in the backyard and was so mesmerized that I didn't think to get until the fourth object was on its was. I managed to get 3 pics of that one object but already to my east! I was so dumbfounded when the next one came along that, having selected video on my phone, I forgot to hit the record button. There are a few characteristics about the objects I haven't been able to get into here because it would be too difficult to describe with the written word. Once again, the pics are of the same object as it is already moving away from me. What I would really like to know is if this is a new military aircraft. The silence of the objects as the flew across the sky was very troubling!
