{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-03 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490625","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/625/mufon-5490625.json","updb_database_id":5490625}
{nd} 8.3.15 - Brewer, ME: 5 Orbs seen in Eastern sky.

Before I recount this first, let me preface this by saying I see these orbs all the time, a minimum of once a month, to up to several times per month. I'm a smoker and have dogs, so I go outside every night with. The reason I'm taking the time to report this instance is the how many there were in such short period of time and their flight paths. 

At 11:20 PM (it is 12:13 AM, right now), I went out onto the deck to have a smoke and let the dogs outside. The house faces directly Southwest with the stairs leading to it set 45 degrees off the corner, facing directly West. 
At night, I always take my binoculars out with me to look at the moon, Jupiter, Venus, etc...which are 10x50 magnification with 5 degrees field-of-view. 

Sitting on my steps, facing West, I saw an orb moving across the sky from the Southwest, 20 degrees above the horizon. I tracked it with my binoculars up to the Northwest and then lost in above the cloud cover. 

Immediately after losing visual contact, I set the binoculars back to where it had come from and within approximately 1 minute saw another orb. This followed the EXACT SAME path through the sky, in the same amount of time.
Again, I lost this in the clouds, and again resumed looking Southwest. 

Again, to my amazement (which I exclaimed audibly), a 3rd orb appeared traveling the exact same flight path. However, moments after seeing this object I saw a forth object directly behind the 3rd in very close distance. As close (if not closer) as the center star and one peripheral star of Orion's belt. They both continued off to the Northwest and again I lost them in the clouds.

The 4th and final object appeared, again in the same 20 degree Southwest azimuth, but this object flew nearly directly over me. 
Just before it would have been directly overhead (Southwest > Northeast track) it made a turn to the North and continued for a few seconds.
It then turned to the EAST and continued that way for a few seconds, and lastly turned to the Northwest and disappeared in the same section of sky as the previous 4 orbs. 

They likened the apparent size and shape as a bright star but moved much more quickly than either a satellite or commercial aircraft. I actually made a comment internally, seeing a commercial aircraft bifurcate the first 4's flight paths from the East, that they should be able to see these things! I was also able to estimate that these spheres move at minimum, twice as fast as a commercial aircraft at cruise altitude and speed. 

I'll also note, although it may likely have zero correlation with these objects, there were flashes in the sky from a thunderstorm that had been moving this way from the Southwest (it has since begun raining); this was the same part of the sky these objects appeared. 

Just wanted it documented as I've never seen these things in this such an obviously coordinated manner.
