{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-11-05 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468625","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3441,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/625/mufon-5468625.json","updb_database_id":5468625}
{td} 200 ft dia titanium disc hovered 500 ft over Woburn industrial park at Rte 93 & Montvale

I was driving south on Rte 93 from Wilmington toward Boston. Evening was dark at 6:00 in November, Heavy traffic both directions with everybody's headlights on. With clear skies, I casually watched the lights on airplanes taking off from Logan ahead of me flying above the horizon from left to right at my eleven o'clock. One set of lights seemed to curve around to my left. Turned out to be 5 lights on one edge (leading?)of a large stationary flat-bottom disc. The disc appeared to be 200 ft diameter titanium hovering at an altitude of 500 ft, and as I drove under it, the edge lights were then facing north behind me. Could not discern any superstructure as I could only view the bottom. In addition of the edge lights, there were 6 pie-shaped dull orange pebble-grained lights on the bottom embedded in the metal structure, similar to flush kitchen ceiling lights. Each evenly spaced pie slice covered a 10-15 degree arc, extending from center to edge. I had my car windows closed and heard no sound. The object never moved during my surveillance. It sat stationary over the industrial park located on my left at Montvale Avenue. Funny thing is - although the visibility was excellent, there was a small cloud nearby at the same altitude, and it looked as if it could have been shielding the disc for a bit and had drifted away. I was driving in the fast lane and when I realized what I was seeing, my first response was "Holy cow, I'm actually witnessing a UFO." I was anxious to take the next exit at Winchester and reenter on the northbound side to stop and have a better look. I regret that I didn't do this - I kept going and in retrospect figured that perhaps an unseen force suggested I not go back. My next thought was "Doesn't everyone else see this? Why is nobody stopping to look?"

The next day I scanned the newspapers and listened for TV news covering this event, with no luck. At my lunch break, I went back to the industrial park to look over the site. I noticed tall light towers with 6 lights at the top of each to illuminate the buildings and parking lot below. Came back that night and saw that the lights on the tower nearest the disc were not working, almost as if it had pretended to be a replacement for them while hiding in the little cloud. Kind of far-fetched. I told a couple of people my story and just got blank stares. I didn't report this to any military official since I didn't want this attention at the time. Our company had just begun our new Peacekeeper missile contract and the USAF had just put me in for a clearance upgrade from Secret to Top Secret and I didn't want to give the FBI anything more to work with. 

I've been holding this memory for 37 years.

Sincerely,
[Item moved to FI report {td}]
