{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-15 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486625","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73073","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9585,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/625/mufon-5486625.json","updb_database_id":5486625}
strange fluttering lights, cellphone anomaly and weird occurrences following

For the sake of the story and the privacy of the people involved, we will refer to my two friends who co-witnessed the experience by the aliases of Kelly (female- roommate/friend) and Huin (male-roomate/Vietnamese student). 

The sighting around 10:30 pm mid-late May 2015

It was a peaceful night; clear May sky, the busy suburb was quiet and the weather temperate. Kelly, Huin and myself were all standing in the backyard talking while Kelly and I had a cigarette. We had been standing up against the wall underneath the roofs 2ft overhang talking for about 10 minutes when I began to admire the clear sky and radiant starlight. As I leaned on my left foot the sky beyond the roof overhang became revealed to me. I immediately noticed an anomaly with what at first appeared to be a single star but inevitably could only be classified as a ufo. I asked Kelly if she saw what I saw and she was immediately in awe and agreement that what I was seeing was actually happening. Excited and amazed we both asked Huin if he saw what we were seeing. In broken English he said, "what is that? Why's that star moving?" I said do you see that, that's not a star. He replied, "yes it is, it's a star but why is it moving like that?" Kelly and I tried to explain to him that stars didn't move like that which meant it was something else, he agreed with the fact that stars didnt move like that but he could not fathom it being anything but a star that was moving unnaturally. The one thing we all could agree on was that it wasn't normal and that we had never seen anything like it. We stared and watched together for about 45 minutes.

The light was fluttering in the sky almost as if it were a stationary bumble bee, sporadically moving in different directions and at different velocities with no visible or consistent rate of acceleration. This movement would take place from anywhere between 5 and 20 seconds before the object would become idle and appear completely still just like a star. 

After 45 minutes of viewing this event Huin pointed out that there were other lights in the sky acting the same. At first i didnt believe it but then i looked around and there were around 5-6 of them in the sky all spread out at a distance almost evenly throughout a 360 degree perimeter. Its kind of like we were surrounded. To an unobservant eye the lights looked like stars and therefore the distances I are unclear but it could have been our area of the city that was surrounded or it could have been the city itself. The light appeared steady bright white but when you focused your sight intently you could randomly see a quick blue light flicker but not constantly, it was really hard to tell from the distance we were at but Kathy and I both saw it. At one point and only once the sky lit up really quickly, it was almost like a quick flash and it was the sky above us, it did not effect the area around us and you could only see it if you were staring upwards at that exact millisecond.

After viewing for around an hour and with no sign of the ufos leaving or changing pattern, Huin decided to go inside and get some sleep for work. Kathy and I remained outside for another half hour to an hour and everything that followed has challenged my intelligence, psyche, reality and everything I know and understand.

Everything that I'm about to say from here on out may sound unbelievable but I assure you of my sanity, I promise that I am in no way making any of this up. This is in no way a fabrication, it happened! I have performed hours of research and tried to reason with myself and make excuses for what was experienced. I've tried to credit certain occurrences to coincidence and the possibility of my subconscious playing around with me but it's all way to coincidental and when you put it all together as a sequence of events it does in fact seem very strange.

The evening gets weirder
I pulled my cellphone out of my pocket to try and take a video, when I pulled it out the screen was on, the phone wasnt locked with my password, the screen was in the text message app. The weirdest thing about it was the fact that it had recorded parts of our conversation by way of the talk to text option however the microphone wasn't even visible on screen like when that option is normally in use. Kathy and I began to talk to the phone as if we were talking to someone, it continued recording selectively what I said, Kathy tried interrupting but this time it did not record her participation in the conversation. After 45 seconds I stopped talking. Kathy then began talking and like the first part of the conversation that was recorded in my pocket, it was now recording her again. She talked for 20 seconds and then the strangest part of this story happened. She asked the phone, "what are you doing here? Are you...are you" It recorded every word just like that and then I interrupted, "listening?" I said. It did not record me. Kathy stared for a couple seconds and then said, "here?" It did not record her but instead the word that immediately popped up was the last word I said, "listening". It was like the phone was talking to us and just told us that it was listening. This has never happened again, my screen was password locked, the voice recode icon in the text message wasn't even visible, it was just a screen with no keyboard or microphone bit selective words being recorded with an eerie message that whoever was there in the sky that night was listening. I've tried to tell my self it was coincidence but it was just too weird and I will never forget it.

While we were occupied with the text message screen we had gone into the house but Kathy and I are both adventurous and strong minded people so we went back outside to see if the lights were still there. It is now about 12am-1am and the lights were still in the sky, fluttering sporadically. It was silent out, pure silence. Suddenly Kathy and I heard a rustling in the tall cedar hedges. First too the right then too the left, then in front of us. The rustling continued randomly in all directions. I told Kathy that it must be raccoon or squirrels. I looked in the bushes but I couldn't see anything I made noises to try and scare the potential critter(s) but we heard nothing run off and the noises persisted but then stopped. This was about 1-2 minutes. We both then began to hear what sounded like footprints in the grass. Kathy said, "do you hear that?" I stared at her and for the first time all night had a weird and creepy feeling take over my body. I looked at her and said, "lets go inside now" We both agreed immediately and went back in the house. We went upstairs to my room and looked out the window, you could still hear rustling and movement through the grass and bushes. After about 30 seconds we heard a dog. It was a loud yelp of a dog in pain. For anyone who's ever heard this before, you know that it's usually a constant and the dog persists until the owner intervenes however this was one excruciatingly loud scream that stopped abruptly after about 3 seconds a lost as if the dog was dead. Directly following the yelp was a symphony of howling and barking dogs all around the the entire area. I've never heard anything like it, it was the far range and qty of dogs barking that was especially memerable. The barking went on for around a minute and then calmed instantly.

The last time I looked out the window it was around 1:30am and the lights were still there. The next 3 nights I looked for them but the sky was always overcast. I've witnessed that light again but only one was there, not all of them; it had the same distinct random flutter. 

After much research and time to think about things I have concluded only that those lights were ufos and that a series of strange coincidences followed. I also believe that there were strange incidents that may be involved leading up to this event including the day before and other stuff going back as far as a couple weeks. Following the day of the event there were other strange occurrences that took place and still continue to take place including a heightened sense of intuition and psychic phenomena, sleep paralysis and a 45 minute time loss experienced during l by myself and another person on December 4th 2015 while driving a set time and distance from Midland, Ontario to Courtice, Ontario. Something weird happened and strange things continue to happen and not just to me but to others around me. I've contemplated the possibility of this being insanity, coincidence, ive looked at logical solutions and thought about subconscious reasoning but other people have experienced these things with me. I've thought about the power of suggestion but I didn't even think about some of this stuff until the other person pointed it out to me. Weird stuff has been happening and whatever it is that's happened, I believe In it. Whatever it is.
