{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493625","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65887","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/625/mufon-5493625.json","updb_database_id":5493625}
{dr}Saucer Shapped,Glowing no sound ,10 to 20 ft. in diameter, probably5 to 9ft tall, we approached object rose straight up hovered around us for a few moments then just flew up into the sky

I was on a farm in Mattapoisett, Massachusetts, on a former Dairy farm that had no livestock. I was about 7 or 8 years old playing outside with one of the kids who lived on the farm. All of a sudden the mother of the child I was playing with comes pulling in the Driveway and her oldest son jumps out of the car shouting Look it's a Flying Saucer! I looked to my left up in the sky and he wasn't kidding. I'd have to say no more than 100 feet in the air and landing in the field right in front of were I was playing descends this glowing saucer shaped light or orb. Myself and four or five of the kids just stand there in amazement for a few moments. Then I remember us trying to approach it taking no more than 3 or four steps before it began to rise off the ground , silently. We all paused as it lifted off the ground. It then hovered above us, circled around probably only 25 to 30 feet above our heads then lifted off into the sky. I was excited and very disappointed that it vanished. I thought it was awesome and ever since that day when I have had really trying experiences I always think back on that day to help me through my own personal ordeals. I was never afraid of what ever it was, the same however couldn't be said for the mother and at least one of her children who tried to call Otis Air Force Base. He didn't get the number right or something and then his mother wouldn't let him call. Years later I ran into the mother and she still doesn't want to talk about it. I'm not sure about her children. This isn't my only UFO Experience I have had two others which were decades later which I will go on to explain and file a report with MUFON Right after I Finish this one. God Bless MUFON and everyone else who has had an encounter of some kind!
