{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-30 07:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290625","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2826,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/625/mufon-5290625.json","updb_database_id":5290625}
Silver orb with unconventional flight pattern.

I witnessed a strange metallic orb while on my way to work. It was bright enough in the morning to see a reflection coming off the object. It was metallic in color and somewhat round from what I could tell. The object first caught my attention when I noticed a bright reflection in the sky. The reflection was a typical bright metallic reflection almost chrome in color. Although the object seemed to be rotating on an axis since the reflection dimmed and grew as the object spun slowly. As I was driving down the road waiting at the first stop light I was witnessing it’s flight pattern and initially I thought it was either a jet or even a balloon at first. However, at the next stop light I got to take a better look without buildings or trees covering the view. I did not see any insignia or even any pulsing lights from the object characteristic of a standard plane. Also I watched the flight pattern as it was unusual. Since the object must have been roughly a mile or so away and more than 1000ft in the air it seemed to be hovering at first then took a flight path to the right at a slow speed then stopped. It then hovered and hovered straight up at a 90° angle slightly and vanished from view as if it vanished into nothing. From my recollection I remember the car next to me (to the right) noticing it as well since they seemed to be looking in the same direction I was. This was after it vanished. They appeared to have the same stunned look I had. Before I could roll down the window to ask them if they saw anything too the light turned green so I then proceeded down the road and did not see any indication of the object anymore. While some objects like balloons or airplanes may be mistaken and considered a ufo the object I saw defies plausible explanation of an everyday aerial object or craft. The most bizarre part was the object seemingly vanish into thin air as if it blinked out of existence. The sketch I made is crude but roughly what I witnessed that morning. It also seemed to rotate left to right on it’s axis as seen in the sketch.
