{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-17 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26004","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3666,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5529516.json","updb_database_id":5529516}
3 different kinds of UFO's that night from 2 am til dawn. The most memorable were the dozen or so bright green objects

My friend and I were visiting with my mother and my uncle near Mena, Arkansas the weekend of October 16, 2010. We were staying in a small camper on my uncles land, the door was facing the west where we had a good view of the treeline and the mountains in the beyond. At about 2 a.m. we were watching through the camper window (looking out to the west) and noticed a small cluster of red, blue, and green lights. The object seemed to be just above the mountains in the distance. flying in a circlular motion. After a few seconds it would seem to "jump" and begin flying in circles again. My friend had gone to bed but i stayed up to watch the strange object. I pulled the curtain back on another window in the camper, and looked toward the mountains in the northwest and noticed several green lights flying a darting around above the treeline in different directions. Jumping up i opened up the door to the cool night in order to get a better look at them. Then i woke my friend Mike and told him what i had seen off in the northwestern sky. He got up and came to the camper door and we watched as the numerous green lights flew around and at time hovered above the in the night sky above the mountains. A couple times the hovering lights would seem to almost "drip" what seemed like a green light. Mike was exhausted and after watching the display for 5 or 10 minutes he went back to bed. I was fascinated too excited to think about anything but watching the lights in the sky. I went into my uncle's house where i woke my mother and got my uncle's binoculars. My mother and myself walked out toward the camper and using the binoculars i got a better look at the green lights/objects. They were elongated hexagons and i could see lines that looked as if they formed some sort of panelling. My mother was sleepy, cold, and didn't have her glasses with her. After a few minutes she went back inside the house, back to bed. I stood outside watching them through the binoculars until i got cold, then i went back inside the camper and kept watching them through the westward facing window for about another 2 hours. Just before dawn i noticed yet another object in the sky that looked at first like a star, except that it was moving and was far too big to be a star. Looking at this third object through my uncle's field glasses i saw a white rounded octagonal object. I woke Mike again. He looked at it through the binoculars, at first telling me it looked like a star he acknowledged at last that it was no star, handed the field glasses back and went back to sleep. In the predawn twilight I studied the white object until it disappeared off to the west into the sky. By this time the green lights had also disappeared and the first rays of the sun had begun to appear in the east. With my head filled with thoughts of the things i saw that night i went to bed. I tried to sleep but instead lay there thinking until finally drifting off to sleep around 10 a.m.
