{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-09-11 15:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55420","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6912,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5503516.json","updb_database_id":5503516}
{cak} (cfi); ball of light crossing road, many psychological events

I have an unusual story which I attribute to God. Others might do so also, but I always think its a good idea to welcome sceptism and let God guide people He desires to expose to the truth. I'm always open to different interpretations of my events. This is my personal story also. My 1st son was born on 9/11/94. I was pregnant at 15, which is illegal in the state of Michigan. It was never prosecuted. I was baptized on Mother's Day when I was 12 into the Reformed Church. My 2nd son was born on Mother's Day 9 years after my baptism when I was 21 on 5/9/99. Holiday and unusual birthdays are the norm in my family. I have one brother with a holiday birthday and my father was born on Halloween. I was born on 2/22 which is Washington's birthday and my uncle who was a Vietnam vet was buried on that day. It's kind of pretty, I think. I left my 1st husband because of his issues with child pornography and moved back into my parents' home. One night I was coming home with my children late at night after work and as I approached the house down the street in my car, I saw a ball of light cross the road slowly and approach my parents home. There is a small dune across the street and it appeared to move at an even level above the ground like it had come from the dune. It was about the size of a basketball or maybe a bit larger. We werent that close so it is hard for me to say. It was somewhat transparent like a bubble and it glowed a soft white light. My son saw it also. He was sitting in the passenger seat. I believe he was ten years old. He immediately got scared. He said what was that? I told him I didn't know and pulled into the driveway. I got out of the car to grab my youngest son out of the back seat. Because there are a lot of trees, I would have no way of knowing where this light went after it crossed the road. In the house? Over the house? Turned? No idea. While I was grabbing my youngest son, his brother ran into the house because he was really scared. I hollered after him. "It went that way! Stay with me!" He hid under the covers in his bed. I will always remember him running off to his bed. That was kind of funny. Nothing seemed unusual in the house and we were safe. It was odd. The only unusual thing I have had happen is sleep paralysis which can be attributed to my cerebral palsy (it is a very mild case). My mom says when I was a little girl I witnessed a UFO which she reported but I don't remember much. There have been UFO sightings published in the local papers and this town is historically a very religious town. In 2008, I decided to move out of state with my 2nd husband and he left me while I was looking for work in Salt Lake City. I came back to Michigan where I was granted supervised visitation with my youngest son. He went to live with his father who had admitted to child pornography to law enforcement and was never prosecuted. I have fought diligently for the return of my parental rights and have been granted them, for the most part. I don't know if aliens exist but this place is alien to me. My rape baby and the acceptance of child porn is all I need to see sinister. I decided that I liked the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints enough to join them after investigating the church. I was baptized in September of 2008 and the day of my baptism my boys' birthdays came up he local lottery numbers. I don't play the lottery really. Since then I have played some and haven't won. I wasn't trying to watch the lottery numbers the night of my baptism. I fell asleep helping my brother with his business. He has a car service in Denver. He started it after he was a supervisor of one of the Columbine shooters and this company seems best for him. I was answering the phone from home and I was so poor after my husband left all I had was analog television. The television was on and I fell asleep. I had a strange dream. There was this loud noise and bright light. It was so loud it hurt. There was someone with me in the light. Someone grabbed my arm and I said, I can't. It felt like burning. I promised something. I said I promise. I don't know what I promised. I woke up as the woman was pulling the little balls with the numbers. 9911. Those are cool numbers for a baptismal day, not forgetting those are my boys' birthdays.. I had missed some phone calls I think. Since I have lived in this apartment I have had no sleep paralysis. Just that one event. One night a while later i was watching Glenn Beck. Not my favorite show but he was talking about Obama and peace. I had on my glass slider door in the kitchen drawings of different things I had done with my son. I had drawn a peace sign and did some play on words things, like pieces and peace. My son had drawn a little alien. As Glenn Beck said the word peace the glass shattered in the door. It stayed in place in the door but it was in a thousand pieces. I have no way of explaining why it did that. I don't know what my story is. Is it ghosts? Or aliens? To me it is Jesus Christ because when I express my loves for Him is when these occurances happened. In 2012, my birthday fell on Ash Wednesday so I decided to fast with the Catholics for lent. I thought that was beautiful poetry because 2012 was the year of the Mayan rebirth also. A few months after a man came into my life that raped me. He told me he wanted to give me another baby. I hadn't told him my Mother's Day story. I didn't tell anyone at that time, really. I tell everyone now. Maybe it will be a deterrent. I love my life seems like divine poetry but not everyone can see it. Not everyone understands it and some misinterpret but to me, it is very poetic. Not everyone has most their family with special birthdays. It gives me special comfort to know that God is with me when all these bad things have happened around me and to me that have never been punished. I'm glad God is with me. Today is Sunday and I am going to church this morning and try really hard not to e so hateful of people around me with so many bad things. I'm going to ask for a blessing today. I hoped you liked my story any ways. A lot of what I've said is verifiable if you can see what it is I am saying. Thanks for letting me post. If I see any more weird, I will let you know.
