{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-17 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49960","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6307,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5508516.json","updb_database_id":5508516}
Driving west on Walton, observed blue-white strobing light toward southern horizon. Stopped to observe. Was now seeing bigger glowing red-orange orb. Vanished.

I have seen UFOs on four occasions, all recent and in the same general county. After this most recent sighting I searched more online and found this site. I now Have decided to document all my sightings, starting with the one from tonight

First, a little information about my area and what kind of events were going on today, Saturday 08-17-2013. I live in Oakland County Michigan and it is the day of the "Woodward Dream Cruse" (which is kind of a weekend long event, but today was the main day). This is a very large event in this part of the state and about 1.5 million people gather up and down Woodward ave (which stretches through Lapeer, Livingston, Macomb, Oakland, St. Clair, Wayne Counties) to watch tons classic cars from around the world cruse the strip. So as you could imagine, there was quite a bit of commotion on the streets along Woodward.

Now, to begin my story, at about 8:45 PM I had to run to work to drop off some files for a co-worker. While driving South on I-75 I first see something odd in the sky (will have separate report for this). Was amazed and kept looking for it, or anything weird in the sky. I turned onto M-59 South, continuing towards work. By about 9:15 PM I had arrived at work having only noticing airplanes and the first few stars, planets and/or satellites that begging to appear as the sun was setting lower on the western horizon.

I left work fairly quickly getting back to my car by about 9:25-9:30 PM. My car had not been sounding (or feeling) the best while driving high speeds on the highway so I had decided to skip I-75 and follow M-59 to Pontiac and try to stick to the lower speed streets on my way back home.

It was darker now, and I could see a searchlight (the kind used at an event to attract people from a distance) flashing into the sky from the Pontiac direction to the west of me in the distance. I reach Pontiac after not too long, and see Police cars with their lights on directing traffic for the Woodward Dream Cruse. I was planning on taking Dixie Highway from Pontiac to get back home, but traffic down that way did not seem like something I wanted to be stuck in. I worked my way down backstreet detours until I reach Walton Blvd.

I was heading west on Walton when I noticed an object in the distance just above my visible southern horizon. I was an object that just looked like a line that was sequentially flashing blue and white lights. (appeared as a blue light that started to the left of the object and sequentially moved step-by-step to the right of the object, with the previous blue sections slowly turning white as the blue light moved to the right, until it reset and started back from the left (meaning, the blue didn't sway back and forth, but went from one end *left* to the other *right* and once it reached the end *right* it almost immediately started again from the left.)

While driving down Walton, I tried to see if the object was moving in any way. with the occasional group of trees or buildings blocking my view, I was getting my best views of it while I was passing the lakes to my south (first Creger Lake, then Upper Silver Lake, followed by Silver Lake then finally School House Lake). At first I thought it was motionless and was just hovering there, but then it began to look as though it was moving slightly higher on the horizon, and possibly slightly west. Then again, it was hard to tell.

I kept wanting to stop and get a good look when passing by a lake that gave me a good view, but I didn't want to just stop in the middle of the road. Finally I found the perfect place to park and get a good look. A Genesis Credit Union parking lot directly across the street from School House Lake. Wide open view of the Southern night sky. I get out of my car to see better while grabbing for my cell phone (old with horrible picture quality and doubted it would pick up what I had been seeing, but was worth the try.

As I stepped out of my car facing south I was astonished to no longer see what I was before, but something much different, something that was even more awe inspiring. A large red-orange glowing orb of light slowly hovering higher on the horizon and to the west (same direction I thought the blue-white object might be moving). From my point of view it was just below and to the right of the moon, moving to the up and right direction.

This object was either considerably bigger, closer to my location, or both. It was large enough that I would say it appeared to be about 1/3 the size of that nights moon, but almost appeared to give off an aura that made it change in slightly larger and smaller. I don't know if this was a different object all together or if what I had seen earlier turned into this.

I now have my cell phone camera out, centered on the object (which is in the middle of my perfect line of sight, with no obstructions anywhere near) and I am trying to see it on the screen of my phone, with no luck (crappy resolution camera). I quickly try going into the settings of my phone to make sure it is set for night time pictures, and had the highest resolution (which it was already on) This took no longer than 10-15 seconds to do, but as soon as I look back up the object had completely vanished. With how slow this object was moving, I should have been able to look away for a very long time and it still be in sight. As a rough estimate I will say it should have stayed in sight for 15 mins or so, maybe more.

With so many people at the Woodward Dream Cruse, someone else had to have seen this.
