{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-03-30 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36038","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2936,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5520516.json","updb_database_id":5520516}
N/A

In reference to [Name redacted/cms/tg] in Fayetteville NC. 

I was inside my house, lived in the country in Procterville NC around spring of 1999, went outside, its very dark so I can see the lights of Fairmont in the distance mabey 10 miles. There was a large farmers field next to my backyard so there was alot of dark and then a treeline on the otherside. It looked as if these lights flying were mabey past Fairmont, and mabey the height of a blimp would be, mabey a little higher. They were round looked like stars, but larger, glowing like red yellow orange and not solid but pulsating/fading in and out dim/bright like stars do. There were mabey 20 or so and they were flying around one centeral point, but they were in groups of like three or so and they flew in and out from a centeral point in rotation as a whole together in a pattern that would resemble a pinwheel spinning, relatively slowly. but what struck me was they flew in a way like flies or bees. It was organic, there was nothing that looked mechanical or symetrical about there flight path or the rotation of the glowing balls as a group moving, other than how they flew in groups of three in out of this central point of rotation. They were parallel to the ground so I saw a perspective of the lights coming closer to me and away from me.I looked for light from the ground like spotlight beams, couldnt see nothing like that. I went across the street and got my neighbor and watch for a while this went on so long he left and I went inside. In the fall we had hurricane I cant remember which one but it was around the same time in 9-10 pm and we where getting the broken up clouds you see on the edges of the storm very low and stringy and Fairmont illuminated them well. I saw those same light flying with the same patterns and movements and this time they where obviously not not ground lights, cause you could see them in and above the fast moving clouds. If i had to estimate the pattern of orb lights movement had to cover at least a mile overall. but it was strange how the flew in out out from the center at at least four or five times as the made a complete travel around and I could a group from closest to me to the far side of the rotation. again I just went back inside after watching it. I cant comprehend anything logical about it and I still cant
