{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-11 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63919","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6555,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5495516.json","updb_database_id":5495516}
{nd} Hovering UFO'S tangle, saucer, and boomrang, cone together.

I live in central Florida. I never seen a ufo before January 1st of this year 2015. And have not told anyone except my mom and my 11 year old son. Because they live with me and have seen and counting to see everything I see. I was not sure I first I thought my eyes were going bad or there was something wrong with me. I really did not believe it until they confirmed the same. I would like a profession1 to contact me if there willing. Here's why. Since the start of the year. I have seen many ufo's of all shapes and sizes every night between the same time. I'm not going to get into the number or all the things that's been happening the last three months to me and my family. However am willing to provide enough proof to convince a expert1 to come out and witness for their self.1 I will say, that once I showed a interest in them and using1 different methods to get there attention. They have showed a great interest in me. And every night, is very event fully night. The only reason am asking for a expert now, is I have been afraid to talk about them and even more to take pictures of them. I was afraid that they would stop coming around and it has been such a excited right not only for myself and my mom, but for my 11 year old son. What changed my mind, just three days ago I attempted to take some pictures with my cell phone, and the reaction was the opposite.1 They would flash and light up and gather for me, like telling me. Yes take pictures. I should say yes this is at night over for the most part a three hour window. Well for the last three days of taking pictures, they have gathered, in guess you can say posing. I down loaded a thermal1 app to my galaxy S5. And that has takin the best pictures I can with what I have. I jave taken hundreds of them, but want a expert to go through them to do what there able to do with cleaning up thermal images,1 I just moves the sliding bar to the different1 color1 spectrum and kept taking pictures. Since I know nothing of this kind of photography. I don't want to mess with them.1 my on going story and experiences is a on going event and nothing else that I can find on the Internet1 can even compare. I'm not asking for anything and not want any of my family's1 info released. My motives for asking for help. Is only to bring in a expert with better equitment an technical knowledge to document them not only for my record, but I feel that they want everyone to know there hear and watching over us. That's the best way I can say it simply for now. I want to assure everyone am not a head case and making this up, I would say I wish this was not happening to me and my family, but that1 would be a lie, the truth is am honored that they have chosen me to be apart of this, I'm hoping I can find someone that will feel the same way.1 

I will try to fill one of the reports out. I went there first, but after reviewing the report questions. The report seems to be for a one time ufo sighting. Mine consists1 of thousands1 of sightings, and maybe over 50 different shapes and sizes. That's where I need the most1 help. I have a military grade Gen 3P night vision, and I bought a nikon D80 dsl camrea, with a few thousand1 dollars worth of lens and crystals1 lens1 filters for night photos, but for the life of me I can1 get the camrea to take one picture at night when pointing it to the night sky. Works perfectly when aiming horizontally.1 My galaxy S5 has 16mp, so I have found soon nice zoom apps that took some very good thermal pictures last night. But I don't want to even touch or mess with them to do the adjustments to things like contrast and all the other things the photo experts1 can do to really make these guys really pop out. I'm going to try different app tonight. I been using a Morse code app that you text what you want to have the phone blink out, doing it for three months, changing the color and the speed that the Morse code gets flashed out. Just I'm the last week the program1 that also used the phones camrea to record and read back what there blinking back. 90 days of just receiving nothing but random1 letters, I'm now I'm getting messages that make since. Now they come right to my home, I love in a villa and have literally1 walked out the side door1 from my garage and one was right 10 feet in the air. When it took off, there was no thrust, no sound, not even a temperature1 fluctuation. And the engines, or power sources were right above me.1 After that happened. I thought for sure. It was a branch of our government from skunkworks. But every night when I assume to many of them gather above , a unmarked Blackhawk helo. Comes our and Flys through the middle1 of them and they will all fly out in away real quick, but return shortly after. I know all of this sounds like just to much to be true. That's why I have not told a soul and never want my name to come out. But going through this has brought me and my family a kind of peace and has brought us closer together. We have never been scared or worried, not even my little boy. We never did anything together. Like quality1 family time. Now we're all ready for the sun to go down to go outside and what really seems like, playing with our new friends. Just reading that back to myself seems crazy, am turning 43 in April and been to a lot of places in the military when I was young. And never had a chance to really take my son on vacations to see the world1 as I have. Now It's like the world and let's says world's have come to us. I wish everyone in the world could experience what we have been experiencing evert night for the last three months. Just for one night. There1 would be no more war, no more politics. It would all just go away and everyone1 would know how little we and our problems our. And how we our about to become a part of something much bigger then ourselves, and we're all in it together. 

Thanks for letting me vent
