{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116867","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5286516.json","updb_database_id":5286516}
3 friends witness a Golden Orb emit 3 smaller orbs that left sparkling trails and identical loops in the air

I am working on an animation for this sighting, anyone who is interested in this sighting can reach me at [Removed email link]
I will be communicative 

During the month of October, we believe it was the 16th I had currently been requested to paint a mural on one of the older buildings in downtown Phoenix located at 1418 W Polk st Phoenix, AZ 85007
It was about 12 midnight and I had just climbed to the top of my one and a half story ladder fully extended and about to spray out a few lines onto the mural when I felt the need to look over my right shoulder and there to the south East at about 9th street and Vanburen possibly closer was a bright golden light headed on a nonstop cruising speed slow and low that at first I thought to be a helicopter light but something made me turn my head back around to inspect the silent helicopter going by. It seemed too smooth of a ride and too silent as it glided along. I thought to myself “Is it a UFO?” I wasn’t certain and just then Suddenly it emitted another smaller sparkling golden faerie dust orb that zoomed out at a 45 degree angle and made one loop in the air and then disappeared leaving a short tail of beautiful golden pixie particles sparking in the air disappearing directly behind it as the larger mother orb moved forward along its perfectly smooth path to the north just above the rooftops of 9th Ave -10th Ave and grand very close to 7 Ave and grand and Vanburen a 3way intersection with tons of traffic. 
I shouted down to my friends to “look you guys!”👀 and they said “ The mural looks awesome!”….  I said “NO! LOOK IN THE SKY!” And I pointed at the object, just then it shot out an identical small orb to the first that also made the same loop in the air. I shouted with glee and said “ Hello up there!” I waved and then it shot a third identical golden sparkling ✨ faerie dust trail orb that also disappeared after making an identical loop in the air, it then disappeared out of our current positions view from the ground and went over the buildings out of view to the north of downtown Phoenix towards McDowell rd.

I turned and looked down from atop the ladder at my two friends and asked them “ Did you see that??!!!” And one of my friends said “ WTF WAS THAAAAAT???!!!” 
I laughed hard and asked them “ WHAT DID YOU SEE TELL ME??!!”

They then went on to exactly describe what I had just witnessed, It was great It was AMAZING, I felt very happy and positive before during and after the event.

I felt that yes it was possibly communication and maybe I should not downplay that at all. I believe it to be likely a type of communication. From a child of the Light, perhaps an Angel, definitely God knows what We saw and allowed it.
Perhaps a being made of light like I’ve heard about.
