{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-06 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2871,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5461516.json","updb_database_id":5461516}
{jpg} Strange Sedona activity and possible photo

On August 6th 2016, my family and I took an overnight trip to Oak Creek Canyon to cool off at Slide Rock a day of swimming and cliff jumping. After the recreation we retired to our hotel in the heart of Sedona. After a quick dinner my 2 sons and I stepped out to the balcony for some night air. There were a few scattered clouds, the winds were calm, as we looked around we noticed 3 glowing bright lights, they were high but 20x brighter than any star. At first for a couple seconds, they were in a formation like a triangle, one remained stationary as the other two seemed to circle and commit directional change instantly and stop on a dime. They moved abnormally fast and precise, in fact the object doing the most maneuvering was first to fly off, I can't even start to explain the speed that it left but will tell you it looked the same as the scene when Star Trek Enterprise jumps into warp. Exactly like that and left a tail of light as if the light of the craft had to catch up. The second one headed East slowly but had a bobbing and wave like motion as it left over the horizon. The motionless one was the last to go, and it just went straight up slow as we watched it go higher and higher until our eyes couldn't pin point the object anymore. It was a very intense few moments, never saw anything like it and probably never will. Whatever or whomever they were intelligent, and handled speeds and precise sharp turns that would have had G Force that would have destroyed and modern pilot.There is no current craft, plane on this planet that could perform or come close to what we saw. When you see something like that you just know. I was looking through images from earlier that day and had to question this image, it's not the greatest, but just left and near the top of this butte/mountain outside of our hotel there seems to be an object in front of the cloud line. It seems large curved/slight disk like edge and what looks like 3 dark areas or windows, portals. Take a look, maybe it's nothing but this image was only 4 or 5 hours before the event. I just thought it looked to be behind any kind of image noise.
