{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-07-01 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64953","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3577,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5494516.json","updb_database_id":5494516}
{rjl} A baffling and very vivid childhood memory

When I was apx. 8 years old, I lived in an old farm house in upstate NY. Where I lived was fairly rural and a lot of farm land (including my family's 7 acre property). My bedroom was on the 2nd story of the house and I remember I was tucked into bed around 8:30p which was my bedtime every night. I recall not being able to sleep and laying in bed. The wall adjacent to my bed had 2 avg size windows with sheer curtains which faced the back yard, the pasture beyond the yard and the woodline of a forested area. Parellel to the woods was a wide path mowed by a tractor that led to neighboring pastures. Quite some time after being tucked into bed, I very clearly remember seeing a very bright light slowly pulsating outside my windows. I laid there for a moment and I very faintly felt a static like thump inside my entire body every time the light pulsated, maybe once every second and I heard the sound inside me like a very faint static pulse. I got up from my bed after a short time and looked out of my window. Beyond the patch of woods and more so in the direction of the wide path I saw what I can only explain as the shape of the sun setting on the horizon with dramatic "rays" pulsating off the object. It wasn't flying, just a dome shape on the horizon with sharp sun like rays is the best I've ever been able to describe it. The light was a white-ish silver, but not like any lightbulb color I've ever seen. It was extremely bright and a crisp color. If I had to compare it to any color or level of brightness I've seen it would be when an eye doctor shines a light and uses a lens with the light to look deep inside one's eyes. I stood there watching the pulses (between pulses it was dark) as if a light was being switched on and off every second. After a short time, I yelled for my mom and dad who were downstairs watching TV. After yelling and not getting a response, I ran to the stairs and yelled for them to, "come see this"! I yelled for them to hurry several times as they were walking upstairs and when we looked out of my window, NOTHING. Whatever it was had stopped and it did not happen again. I remember crying out of frustration as I told my parents what I saw. I've always carried this memory with me as it was such a strange experience that I've never been able to explain away. There is no way it was lights from a vehicle, another house miles away, etc. It was too bright, the shape too odd and I felt and heard the pulse inside me. 
I've attached a map to show the location of my home and the vicinity I observed the lights as well as a general sketch of what I saw.
