{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-10 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5506516.json","updb_database_id":5506516}
{kt}Observed small red orb traverse the sky from the north horizon to the south horizon in a matter of a few seconds.

While traveling on the Ohio Turnpike, eastbound, on Sunday, Nov. 10, 2013, 6:40 P.M., approximately 10 miles from the exit for Interstate 80, I saw a small, red orb directly in front of my car, flying at an altitude of approximately 200 ft., traverse the night sky from the northern horizon to the southern horizon in a matter of 2 1 3 seconds. My field of vision was entirely free of any obstructions or conditions which could reduce clarity. Also, the topography where the sighting took place is quite flat, providing clear vision of the sky from horizon to horizon.

As a former military pilot who has flown and observed, on many occasions, supersonic jet aircraft, equipped with afterburners, the speed of this orb, literally, took my breath away. It was such an extraordinary speed that, despite my flying experience, I found it somewhat frightening. I cannot gauge its actual speed but it far exceeded anything I have ever seen in the sky and was totally silent. I am quite sure, also, that it was not of Earthly origins. I keep up with aircraft developments and can state that there is nothing in development, to my knowledge, that can travel, anywhere near, the speed, in total silence, as did this orb.
This was my second orb sighting 1 the first being in August of this year in Ocean City MD, involving a series of 8 very large orange orbs appearing at 10 minute intervals over the Atlantic Ocean, all executing the same, precise, flight pattern.

As a Field Investigator for MUFON, I filed a report on the website for this MD sighting. Thereafter, I began a comprehensive study of the orb phenomenon, looking and mapping, in particular, flight patterns within the U.S. In regard to this recent Ohio sighting, the orb was coming from the direction of Lake Erie, at a location which would put its point of origin at Lake Erie where, according to the flight patterns in that area, I have concluded, there is likely an underwater base from which these orbs emanate. Also, to bolster this conclusion, there was a fairly recent sighting on Lake Erie, from Presque Isle, where the witness observed an orange orb hover over a location on the Lake, not far from the shoreline, then descend into the water.
