{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-08 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3945,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5481516.json","updb_database_id":5481516}
{cak} I live near airport, but these were faster, brighter than any I've ever seen.

Each time, 5 different occasions, sitting on my front porch, one time with my gal friend. I am very familiar with many, many air craft, being in the USAF, living near airports most my life. And during the summer I am outside just about any and every chance I get, but of course, mainly taking my dog out and I also just like to sit and watch the sky. 

The first one I saw, I only noticed it because of the extremely bright light, which flashed maybe one, possibly 2 second, about a 45 degree down and forward, (fantastic brightness). Then still moving from north to south, dead center of a wide open spot in front of my house it flashed the exact same way, then once more the exact same way and then it was out of view. But the distance it traveled in such a short period of time was just incredible. At the altitude it traveled at and taking maybe 3 to 4 seconds, it would take a standard air liner anywhere from 3 minutes to around 5 minutes. But every plane I have ever seen, you could always HEAR them. These others, well not one single sound, vibration, no sonic, just totally quiet and amazingly fast. To tell the truth, I have never seen any thing move that fast, in a straight, level path fly at such an extreme speed.

And as for the other four. Same light or lights flashing out. The only difference was the directions they traveled. All straight, level, varied altitudes, some moving East to West, South to North, West to East. All on different nights, but fairly close to same times, within around a 2 hour variation. But all as fast, silent and just so, so fast.

The last part may be or may not be related, but I had my phone outside one evening taking photo's of the red moon, (Blood Moon). When I looked in my lens I could only seen the moon. But when the photo's were saved, there was another very large object on the bottom left and on every photo. I cannot explain this one at all. I still have the photo's on my phone, plus I downloaded them onto my computer in order to enlarge them, but I am not a photo expert of any sort. Still, it just seemed very strange to me. If you would like I can upload those to you if you like.

Well that is all I have for now. I sure hope to see more real soon. But they are few and far between. Or so it seems. And I have no night vision equipment of any type. And sure nothing to take photo's of such fast flying objects like those others at night time. Sure wish I did. But, such is my luck.

Thank you.

Very Sincere,

One who does believe...

PS. The photo's of the Moon and What ever that is along with it were taken with my same old style flip phone. If any one can figure out what the object is next to the moon, please let me know also. I would greatly appreciate it very much.
