{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-21 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33538","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4200,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5522516.json","updb_database_id":5522516}
small ufo with 2 circle-moving lights came dangerously close to my car while I was driving on interstate

1. I was driving about 75 mph eastbound on Interstate 40 at approx. 7:15 pm Monday, Nov. 21, 2011. I was about 15-20 miles to the west of Albuquerque, NM. I was driving home after work (from McKinley county to the Albuquerque area).

2. I saw two very bright red-orange small lights getting larger and larger coming almost straight for my car (lights were coming down out of the dark sky). 

3. They grew larger within seconds, and the two lights appeared to be connected and both lights were twirling around like two oblong shaped rings. They appeared to be coming down straight for my windshield at a 45 degree angle from the sky. I thought the lights were something that was going to crash down into my car...I even gasped, cursed and started to brake, but the object(s) veered off sharply to the north and away from the interstate. When the change in direction occurred, the object(s) seemed to be between 15 and 30 feet off the ground (my guess was about the height of a semi-truck--since there were many semi-trucks on the interstate for me to use as a measure).

4. It appeared to be two oblongish light rings that were somehow synched. I could not detect a structure connecting them, but they moved in a sort of gyrating synchronized manner. They did not circle around each other; they were like two light rings (pulsating or spinning) that were connected by an invisible jointed pole. Combined, they were smaller than a traffic helicopter, and larger than a tandem bicycle (these objects come to mind because they both have two moving ring images when in action). There were no other lights with/on the object(s). Only the two red-orange ring things. I was heading east on the interstate; the object(s) were apparently heading west directly towards my windshield (so it seemed), but veered off sharply and moved off to the north (away from the interstate)and over a small hill. 

I know the object(s) were close to me, because at one point the object(s) blocked part of my view of a semi-truck that was about 10 - 15 car lengths in front of me.

5. It happened very quickly. As the object(s) came heading seemingly straight for my windshield, I cursed and gasped, and braced for what I thought was going to be a serious, possibly deadly collision. The object veered sharply away when it was about 30-50 feet in front of me about 15-30 feet above the pavement. I tried to see where it went, but I was on the interstate driving east, and the object(s) veered off to the north, so I could not risk taking my eyes off of the road any longer than a few seconds. I had slowed down from about 75 mph to about 60 mph in the few seconds that I froze (bracing for the impact that I thought was about to happen). My pulse was racing. I have never seen a UFO in my life. Before the object(s) got really close, I thought it was space debris or something like that --that was going to crash into my car and cause me to wreck at 75 mph. When it was close enough for me to see the ring-light things, I still thought it was going to cause me to wreck. The feeling the event left with me was this: the feeling you have after a crazy driver runs a red-light at an intersection at high-speed and misses crashing directly into you by a couple of inches.

6. I lost sight of the object(s)within a few seconds of it veering off to the north, while I continued driving east on the interstate.

What was this thing???? I felt light-headed and exhilarated at first, but now I feel exhausted.
