{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1952-11-01 18:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105073","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4431,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5456516.json","updb_database_id":5456516}
{cak} my brother and I were playing tag when we saw 7 iredescent green oval/ saucers

FILLED OUT AND FILED BY FIELD INVESTIGATOR 18809 AT MUFON HQ FROM A LETTER AND DRAWING SENT TO MUFON HQ ON DECEMBER 18, 2019. A COPY OF THE LETTER AND DRAWING WAS SCANNED AND IS ATTACHED..
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Enclosed you will see an illustration of a multiple sighting of UFO's drawn by my brother, (name withheld), and witness by both of us when we were young in Anson Texas. in either the fall of 1952 or the spring of 1953. it was a clear evening around twilight with a red sky sunset. There were no leaves on the trees, and we were playing hide and seek tag with our water guns. My brother had climbed up in a tree, and I had just come from around the house and spotted him up in the tree. As I was (facing West) getting ready to shoot him with my water gun, there were approximately 7 oval/disc shaped iridescent green objects traveling with incredible speed from the North heading South in a straight line in the horizon behind him. The made a soft hum noise like the light swords in Star Wars, and all I had time was to say was (removed), Look!" As he turned around in the tree to look, we could see they were meeting another group or pod of approximately 7 other iridescent green oval/disc shaped objects just like them. The other pod or approximately 7 other iridescent green oval/disc shaped objects just like them. The other pod was stationary pod, and the ones traveling in the straight line stopped and got into an identical formation and then both pods shot off at "warp" speed and disappeared towards the Southwest. the whole incident happened in less than 45 seconds. My brother, (age 16) was a sophomore in Anson high School, and I (age 11) was in the 5th grade. My father was the (removed) and my mother was an (removed).
Our parent were sitting on our recessed front porch, but did not witness the event since it happened so quickly.. We cried out to them, and they believed us, but they would have had to be looking at the right spot in the sky at the exact time the object were there to observe them. We did not hear about anyone else seeing the objects, and I believe our father hesitated to say anything since he was (removed)
I have recently viewed the famous sighting of the UFO's over the White house and the Capitol in 1952, and they looked very similar and were viewed on approximately the same angle we observed except that the ones we saw were iridescent green color and made the light sward "hum" sound.
My brother and I have never witness anything like what we saw before or since the above described event. We do think that there was nothing invented at that time that could have traveled at the speed the objects were traveling, and have the ability to stop in mid air and get into formation in a split second, and join the other pod to take off at warp speed. We think they were UFO's.
My brother (now 82) and I (now 77) both graduated from the (removed )
We decided that the event should be reported, and regret not reporting it long ago. i wish my parents had written down the exact date. We can only narrow the time down to sometime between late November 1952 to late February 1953. The trees do not lose all their leaves until November, and they began to bud and leaf out in March in Texas. So, a four-month window of time is as close as we can come. Thank you so much for all you and your organization do to document all UFO sightings.
(removed)
