{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67021","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3864,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5492516.json","updb_database_id":5492516}
{rjl} 2 amber triangular shaped craft flying in unison making an arching turn

UFO Sighting on June 22, 2015 in Sedona, Arizona at approx. 10:00 p.m.
Filed by [name removed/cms/rjl], Director of UFO Sighting Tours, Sedona, Arizona

At approximately 10:00 p.m., or just before, my 6 clients and I (7 people total) were out on a UFO Sighting Tour with Military Night Vision Goggles when we all saw 2 large amber colored triangle shape, hard edge, structured objects with our naked eyes. These traveled from the northwest area of the sky beyond Airport Mesa in a southward direction toward Cathedral Rock. The 7 witnesses were standing together on Chavez Ranch Road turnout area. The 2 triangle objects then made an arching turn as they headed easterly toward the Chapel of the Holy Cross area and then disappeared to the North over Munds Mountain.  All witnesses were absolutely astonished and continued to discuss the sighting event for the duration of the tour.

4 of the witnesses clearly saw that these were 2 distinct structured, hard edged, dark triangle shaped craft each with 3 amber or orange colored lights on the bottom, one light at each corner.  Both craft were seen by the 4 witnesses with their naked eyes, without the use of the Night Vision goggles. 2 other witnesses saw them at close range but initially thru the goggles and could not make out the shape, only that they were huge bright lights. One of these witnesses is a retired airline pilot with over 40 years of professional experience. He stated emphatically that these 2 objects were remarkably faster than any plane he1d ever seen and that they were very low, much lower than commercial aircraft. When these 2 witnesses lowered their goggles during the sighting, they and I together saw that these were 2 very large amber colored lights, but unfortunately we did not see the distinct triangle shapes, each with 3 lights in their corners, as did my other 4 clients. All 7 of us did see the 2 objects make an arched turn while banking and continued to watch them as they disappeared over Munds Mountain in the distance. Please see the diagram below.

Additionally, when these 2 craft were on initial approach, at the same time, a military jet at very high altitude passed over us and then another one did again as these 2 objects headed northeast. All 7 witnesses commented that the 2 UFOs were considerably lower than either of the 2 jets. While we had no way of knowing if the 2 military jets were in pursuit of the UFOs, their flight path was towards the approach of the 2 unknown objects. It is difficult to judge the distance of the unknown objects from us, but all the witnesses expressed that the UFOs were at most a few thousand feet, or less above us. All 6 clients expressed that they are willing to be interviewed and contact information can be provided.

Unfortunately we were all caught up in the sighting and no photos or videos were achieved. Darn it! Better luck next time. I have a computer diagram of the event, but I am unable to place diagram of sighting with this text. I would like to provide diagram with my report. If able to attach later, please see attached.
