{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-22 21:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108107","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5453516.json","updb_database_id":5453516}
{rjl} UFO spotted over north shore of Long Island, NY

At approximately 9:55PM Eastern on Wildwood State Park Beach located at the end of Hulse Landing Road in Riverhead, NY myself and my friend (the third person present did not see the UFO) saw a tall, metallic, slender, cigar shaped object move from NW due east for approximately 8-10 seconds.

We arrived at the beach around 8:45pm to meet with a man who is interested in Dr. Steven Greer's meditation session for contacting ETs. 

This why my first time doing this and I was skeptical. It was very cold, no moon, no major light pollution except for the distant lights and red blinking airplane hazard towers across Long Island Sound in Connecticut. 

There was the occasional distant airplane, traveling to and from LGA or JFK. There were no other known people on the beach except us.

We used the app, meditated along with it....and nothing happened....and we were cold. Around 9:50 we decided to stop.

My friend Brian began packing his backpack. I began wrapping up my beach blanket, when he loud exclaimed to look at something. I thought he was pranking us. I immediately looked to where he was pointing and saw the object with no lights or sound, move slowly from left to right, larger than any plane in the sky I saw on occasion that night.

It then "dissolved" into the sky. It was a solid object, metallic, reflecting some of the light from the water and homes or structures on Long Island or Connecticut. 

This was over in a matter of seconds and was not a "stereotypical" UFO sighting I would expect to see from Hollywood. I am shocked two people saw it. The third man, unfortunately was fidgeting packing his beach chair and didn't look over in time. 

Only one person in my family has ever claimed to seeing a UFO. I called them the next morning to share my experience. I can safely say: I believe.
