{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-04 18:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472516","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87897","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3238,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/516/mufon-5472516.json","updb_database_id":5472516}
{jpg} Not a UFO but some sort of strange entity that glowed and moved around infront of my security cameras on my house

I routinely check my surveillance cameras at my other home when I go there at least once a month. I do this to see if anyone was around my house when I'm not there. 

The motion sensor lights are activated when something walks by and usually it's coyotes or raccoons. 

So when I went down to my home in Buras on November 6th and was playing back the videos recorded by my surveillance cameras I noticed a strange image in one of the videos for camera 3 on the night of November 4th.

I checked the videos that were recorded earlier that night and found the one where the entity appeared.

It seemed to fly into the area just in front of camera 3 and attach some how to the overhang of the roof (Soffit area)
The thing was glowing and moving from time to time. 
It was visible from a little after 6 PM on the 4th of Nov till the next morning just at daylight. It was to the side of the camera so I could not see a better picture of it.

I checked the videos for the night of the 5th of November and the entity came back but was in front of camera 4. It appeared a little after 7 PM.It was glowing real bright and moving around. It stayed in that area from what I could tell on the video till about 9:30 PM

I checked all the videos going back till the middle of October and did not see it in any of those.

In the videos you can see Gecko's crawling about on the soffit behind the thing. 

I have no idea of what it was but sure was not an animal since it had the ability to glow brightly. It looked like something not of this earth and is the reason I am reporting it. 

FYI: Buras is located about 60 miles south of New Orleans close to the mouth of the Mississippi River.
