{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-29 20:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473359","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87033","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2238,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/359/mufon-5473359.json","updb_database_id":5473359}
Orb of light passing over again this time appears to be aware of my presence

I watch the skies all the time as I am well aware of things in the sky and have witnessed them on many occasions from my rural home. This at 8:00 pm I sat down to watch the new episode of ancient aliens. During the first commercial break I got up to look out the window as I often do. I had removed the screen from this window for this purpose already. The lights inside where off and only the light from the tv was present in the house. When I looked out to the west there was an especially bright light that isn't normally there,as soon as I noticed it,it began to move in a straight line heading east. I watched with little interest as I've seen these pass over many times before but just as I went to pull my head inside it stopped. So I looked again and it started moving again so I went to my next window to c it carry on east and it didn't appear so I went back to the other window and stuck my head out again and it was right above the house and again soon as my head popped out the window it started to move again  At this point I had a pang of fear run through me so I closed the windows came inside and turned on the lights. It took me a few minutes to remind myself that these things have been around my whole life and haven't bothered me yet. But I thought I would send in a sighting report because there is almost constant activity in my area in the last cpl of years ever since the new gold mine opened. Apparently there was a daytime sighting of a disc like craft at the mine sight earlier in the summer as well but many individuals. Anyway thanks for being there
