{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522359","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33709","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2344,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/359/mufon-5522359.json","updb_database_id":5522359}
Visiting ETs witnessed by 3 brothers 30 feet away.

I was 4 years old and my two brothers were 12 and 14. We were moving some dirt around in the backyard of our home. My brothers remember hearing a screaching sound, which sent them running to the front yard to hopefully see a cool car speeding away. After their disappointment they returned to the back where we noticed, near the same time, a disk shaped ship hovering over the back of our next door neighbors house. I saw the door slide open and a short (3 foot tall) ape-like being walk out onto a narrow catwalk that appeared to encircle the ship. He walked a few steps to my right and kneeled down and opened a small door on the side of the craft. He used a small tool to make some type of adjustment, and closed the small door before returning inside. While he was out, a second being walked to the door and watched him. The second guy was taller, maybe 5 feet. They were both covered in thick brown hair, but well groomed. Both were wearing a coverall but not anything resembeling a space suit like our NASA guys wear. After the door slid back down, the ship started ascending at a slow speed. When it reached about 100 Feet, it ascended almost straight up and out of sight in 1 or 2 seconds. The beings made no audible communication between each other, and didn't pay any attention to the 3 boys silently staring at undoubtable proof of life on other planets. My brothers knew they were looking at alliens, I didn't. I knew I had never seen anything like this before, but I wasnt old enough to know what an allien was. My oldest brother and I remember almost all the details the same, but our middle brother is now schitzofrenic. His recollection is light years away from what really happened.
