{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-07 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489359","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2629,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/359/mufon-5489359.json","updb_database_id":5489359}
{nd} An unnaturally light appeared, growing brighter. It started to moved to the right slowly and started to fade, then gained speed as it disappeared.

It was around 9:00 pm eastern time when my boyfriend and I decided to go outside and look at the stars since it was a pretty clear night out. We live in a pretty residential area, but it was nice and dark outside that night. We took a truck out in the field next to our house and positioned it so it was facing west, and then layed down on the hood of his truck with our backs to the windshield, so we could clearly see the sky. We noticed airplanes at first and saw a couple shooting stars as well, and what we also believed to be a satellite, so we were pretty excited at the activity we were seeing. Probably 40 minutes had passed and the sky had been dark for a while without any planes flying across when all of a sudden an abnormally bright light appeared very high in the sky so that we were almost looking straight up. It was star-like; however, I am 22 and have never ever seen a star that bright. My boyfriend and I both exclaimed and asked one another if we were seeing the same thing without taking our eyes off of the light. The light continued to get brighter and then started to slowly move to the left. As it was moving to the left, the light started to diminish. My boyfriend looked at me bewildered but I kept my eyes on it, and by the time he looked back he couldn't see it anymore. But I still had my eyes on it and it was so faint I almost couldn't see it anymore, when all of a sudden with acceleration I've never seen an almost stationary object have, it zoomed off to the left and disappeared. I had goosebumps all over my body (writing this out I have goosebumps as well). My boyfriend had goosebumps also and we were both pretty shaken up over what we had just seen, because neither or us had ever seen anything like it. I had an eerie feeling watching it and an even more eerie feeling after watching it disappear. It didnt feel like a natural occurrence of something...
