{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-08 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546359","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23272","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3505,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/359/mufon-5546359.json","updb_database_id":5546359}
A Cluster/ Group of Unusual Flying Objects.

This sighting had 3 witness total. 

It was a strange event. My friend and I were outside on the landing of my second story stairs. We were both outside. It was night time and there were a few clouds scattered. It was dark in our location. You could see the silhouette of the Barn/ Garage outside and the tree line adjescent to the local Main Strip, which was located just beyond the trees and out of view. You could see some stars in the sky while looking out over the yard from our height. We were outside having a cigarette, to keep the smoke away from the kids inside the house. My friend was facing me with their back not facing the barn/ garage. Not facing the tree line. I was taking a drag of my cigarette and because of the distance my friend was from me, I exhaled the smoke up toward the sky. While doing so, I sighted a cluster/ group of UFO's (Approximately 6-8) gather above the garage/ barn. In my bewilderment I asked my friend "What are those?" "What isss that?" She turned around and "I don't know, what is it?" We both excitedly looked on as the cluster hovered above the Barn for a few seconds. They were obviously not that far overhead. They were doing a "dance" of sort. Very controlled. They moved on ahead in the sky, which took them to above the tree line. (silhouetted) AT this point the cluster of UFO's again paused their traveling and did that funky dance again. The dance looked as if they were exchanging spots. Each individual craft was approximately the size of one of the small box cars people drive around. There was no noise at all. They were internally illuminated at the bottom of each craft, not bright at all, no light coming down or outward from the craft. Just a slight illumination, a self illumination of a melted silver/ off white color. I myself, personally noticed a shadowing of the tops of each craft, to me it looked as if it were colored a dark Bronze black mix. Barely noticable. Anyhow, as they paused the second time, I called for my kid inside and rushed them to come out to experience this before the crafts may disappear. My kid did witness the last few seconds of the sighting. We all seen the same thing. The experience amazed the lot of us. We all drew pictures of the sighting and all came out with the same dipiction of the sighting. We had no other explaination for the sighting. We thought, balloons, but balloons don't act controlled or stop in mid air. We all thought maybe aircraft, but no noise at all. The motions that the UFO's made a conventional plane could not do. Ball lightning, but they did not flash or boom. Whatever it was, it was definately an odd experience, exciting, exhilerating (to me) and I wish I could see them again. I have had other sightings before. As well as the witness's. Thank you for listening and look up, you would be suprized at what you might see from time to time.
