{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-09 22:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292359","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110963","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3506,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/359/mufon-5292359.json","updb_database_id":5292359}
{Huge} Silent triangle moved {slowly} from north east to north west. - {djs}

I was standing in a friend’s backyard smoking a cigarette and saw a huge, silent triangle slowly moving from right to left (north east to north west). 

It was late (past 10 pm) and quite dark but the shape could be discerned from the lights at each corner as well as the stars becoming blacked out as it moved (and then becoming visible again). The lights were static, of an orange-white color, and did not flash or blink. 

The speed of the object was very slow. I was listening to music and happened to first notice it as it was about halfway across the sky. I took my headphones out and noted the total absence of sound associated with the object. This lack of noise, taken together with the apparent size and speed, were somewhat unnerving to me. 

I am not good at estimating distances and if you were to have asked me at the time of the sighting, I would’ve told you that I wouldn’t be comfortable giving an estimate. But the apparent size of the object was very large. 

I took a photo on my phone (I no longer have the phone in question but the photo was saved when I replaced the phone). I knew that almost nothing would be discernible, but it would be a record of the day and time. I’d love to know if anyone can detect the object from the blackness of the photo. 

On at least one occasion, a plane (which I presume to have been a commercial airliner) flew very close to and underneath the object. The plane appeared to be much smaller than the object (I would estimate the object to be about twice the size of the plane). The plane did not seem to exhibit any awareness of the object (it appeared to be on an opposite course of flight to the object: northwest to northeast). I base this on the flashing lights of the plane being visible and clearly closer to me than the lights of the object. Additionally, the normal sounds of a plane were obvious and unmistakable. I noted another plane pass from the north east after the object was out of sight. Both were much closer to the ground, had the expected lights, moved much faster than the object, and exhibited the expected engine noise. 

After the first plane passed by the object, I went inside and got my friend to observe the object. He also saw it. 

The incident ended when the object passed out of my line of sight to the north west. I estimate the entire affair took about 20 minutes. 

Several days later I saw a local news report about a UFO seen over southeast Michigan and Indiana (can be seen here [removed online link] . My object wasn’t the same as the ones seen in those videos, but looked most similar to the object seen at 2:12. I would probably never tell anyone about this if this news story didn’t exist.
