{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501359","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5002,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/359/mufon-5501359.json","updb_database_id":5501359}
{dr}very bright orange and yellow. There where 6 all together and 3 where not solid they where shape's and the other 2 where solid round in formation

This is not the first time I have seen object's since I have lived here in Orange city. This happened at around 10:00pm and I was just out having a smoke when I saw these and I thought to myself I need to tell someone beside's my mother who did not get to see them . I saw at first these orange object's that had a triangle shape at first and they where orange in color and then they would go in and out ( the color) . They where bright orange then they where faded to not even being there and then they would come back but they did it slow and I have never seen anything like this before it bothered me a lot and I had to tell you about it because it kept me up all night and it is today still bothering me and I just can not explain it. I saw 3 other objects in formatation flying low and making no noice at all they where heading from the west to the east I ran into the house to get my camera and to get my mother to show them to her I was only in the house for 10 to 12 seconds and when I came back out they where no where to be found and I had a very good view of the sky so I don't know where they went to. They made no sound and so that is something else that made no sence. I when bac k out to see if there where anymore to be seen and after about 35 to 40 minute's I saw another one of the shaped objects coming at me from the south I had my camera with me and as soon as I took a few picture's it started to fade in and out and then while I was watching it it just disappeared it went no where it just was not there anymore and the funny thing is that I looked at my pictures and there was nothing on them so how is this possible ? I have seen some very weird things since I have been living here about 2 weeks ago I was out having a smoke as always I always look up to see what might be there and I normally see how many plane's pass over and on this night at about 10:30 OR 11:00 pm I saw a light that just appeared out of no where it was just there a light very bright white it slowly came on and I mean it was bright white about 5 to 10 thousand feet and it slowly came on and then it slowly went out and then about 10 to 15 seconda later it came on very slowly again about looking at the sky from my point of view about 40 to 50 miles down range futher then the first time and it did the same thing . I went to take a better look at it from a better place a more clear place and it just was not there never again it just was gone and I was in the military I built helicopters and planes mostly helicopters but I know what I am looking at and this was nothing I have ever seen before or since and it was and still is bothering me a lot and so that is why I am telling this too you because I have to let someone know what is going on around here. I see these type's of thiongs every once in awhile I am not looking for them like I told you I am out having a smoke and I look up to see how many planes are in the sky just to see how things are going in the airline industry to see if people can even afford to fly anymore and that is when I see these objects and believe me I did not believe in this stuff before but now after seeing these things I am starting to change my mind I mean what could these objects be because as far as I know we do not have things flying that can do things like these objects can do well not as far as I know anyway. I would like to know what these objects could be or are and thought you could help me out . Can you? There may be other things I forgot to tell you but that is only because I was so confused up after seeing these objects that I might have forgotten somethings but this is the closest I can remember about what I saw but if I remember anything else I will let you know and if I see anymore of these objects again I will let you know that also if you need me too. I never thought that I would be telling you or anyone else about seeing these objects but it has been bothering me a lot for the last few years so I just had to say something. I started watching your show about ufo's after seeing these objects and to be honest I thought yea right but now I just don't know what to think anymore. I hope you can help me out with this and I hope I have helped mufon out by letting you know about what I saw.
