{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-27 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497284","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62082","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3036,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/284/mufon-5497284.json","updb_database_id":5497284}
{cak} Invisible Black Craft with Circles Underneath

Just after my first UFO sighting 3 months ago in September, my UFO hunting partner "Lynx" started talking about seeing not just the lights, but an actual physical craft on several different occasions. I thought that perhaps his imagination had gotten the best of him. I certainly did not want to believe that these crafts were in fact flying over my house after hearing that he'd spotted one once doing just so. Ha. The following is a description of two different UFO sightings that appeared to be nearly invisible.

Invisible Craft # 1
On Oct. 27, 2014, "Lynx" and I decided to go UFO "hunting" after previously spotting strange unidentified flying objects on several occasions. We live in a small town where you have to sort of get creative in finding entertainment. I'm an avid star gazer and photographer, so naturally "UFO hunting" provides an excuse to get out under the night sky and maybe capture a few photos of some constellations. That night at around 8:30 pm we arrived to our UFO scouting spot for the evening where our town's boardwalk enters the wildlife refuge. While literally staring off into space looking for the strange orbs of orangish/red lights that I had witnessed before, I noticed something moving across the sky. I looked closer and this nearly invisible, black UFO flew across the Milky Way, directly overhead. I should mention that the Milky Way is very visible here in Columbia due to the little light pollution and if it weren't for just how bright the stars and Milky Way are here, I wouldn't have noticed it. The craft was shaped like two "perfect triangles" (geometry term) put together at one of the corners of each. (Like in the diagram above, however this craft was a bit more elongated than depicted.) The craft was completely silent and in no way appeared to be aerodynamic. As you can see in the diagram, both the front and back of the craft were completely flat. There were grayish/white circles underneath the black craft and was in view long enough, to be able to count the number of circles. Perhaps they were lights that were not illuminated. The craft was in view for about 15 seconds until it disappeared passed the trees next to us.

This was the first of two of these types of crafts I have seen. I am reporting the other one as well.
