{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-31 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456284","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105315","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2992,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/284/mufon-5456284.json","updb_database_id":5456284}
{tjd} Stationary object with changing light patterns for extended time.

I first spotted a strange looking light just after dropping my granddaughter off at a skating rink in Yukon. The light was to the SW of Yukon. What caught my attention was it had a very bright white light and a smaller white light about half as bright slghtly above it. As I drove from the skate rink west heading to Wal Mart, I continued to watch the light. It did not move from it's position but would change the light pattern. I kept thinking it was maybe an aircraft but it's position did not change. After I parked in Wal Mart, I watched it about 10 minutes. I kept seeing the light pattern change from the 2 verticle lights to a triangle shaped with a bright red light in the middle. Then it would change to another pattern. The timing was about 20 to 30 second intervals. Then sometimes it would go to a dimmer single white light. Then the the brightness would increase and other lights became visible.  I compared it's position in the sky with light poles in the parking lot to watch for movement. It did not change. I attempted a picture with my phone but it was just a blurred speck.  i finally convinced myself this was not anything normal to our sky here. I called my oldest son, Gary who was in the OKC area and asked if he was anywhere he could look to the west. He did see it and also noted it was not moving and could somewhat see the light changes.
 I then called my wife at my house which is in between Yukon and El Reno. Both Lisa and Kyle went outside and could see the lights and Kyle said he could see the 3 white lights with the red in the middle.
 I then drove home continuing to watch them as they changed patterns.  After arriving home, the lights were to the west, southwest of El Reno. I retrieved a rifle with a 12 power scope and looked at the object. It was very obvious this was not a star or light on any towers or any known aircraft.  It is noted while observing this a helicopter passed over flying east over our house.
 While watching through the rifle scope, I could see the light patterns much clearer and the direction they were shining. I continued to watch the object for some time before going into the house. A little after 8 pm, I went back to check. The object was gone.
