{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-07 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493284","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2419,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/284/mufon-5493284.json","updb_database_id":5493284}
it was outside my bedroom window. I am terrified

I woke up around 1:15am. I woke up suddenly and felt a lot of pressure in my head. I heard a sound like a house or car alarm. I looked over at my window and there was a flashing red strobe like light in my window. I'm on the upper level of the house high off the ground. After about 20-30 seconds the light and sound turned off at the same time. I was frozen with fear but when they turned off I jumped up to see what it was. There was nothing. I got back in my bed so scared. After a couple of minutes I heard a smooth loud humming sound. It was right above the house. It didn't fade in the distance or anything, it just stopped. I looked out again and there as nothing. I got in bed and a few minutes later the hum can back for about 10 seconds or so I'm not sure how long. It stopped again and I looked out. Nothing again.... It was not a plane or anything. Not the same noise. My head was pounding. 

A couple minutes later my daughter ran in my room and said her toe hurt really bad. I checked it and saw nothing. Within 10 minutes of the noise leaving, everyone in my house was awake. Not for any reason. It's like we all just got up at the same time. My son was eating in the kitchen, daughter awake upset, cat ran up the stairs and I could hear the ferret awake. Very odd for all of us to wake up in the middle of the night at the same time. I am terrified to sleep. I always believed in ghosts and spirits but not aliens. I feel stupid for even thinking it. I am really questioning my beliefs now and I'm scared to sleep. I have had weird unknown illnesses for about 2 years now and doctors don't know what's happening to me. I also keep waking up with bruise. Could this all be connected? I'm really wondering now. I need someone to help me figure out what this was. Thanks
