{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-02-28 03:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527284","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28346","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2438,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/284/mufon-5527284.json","updb_database_id":5527284}
Saw 4 saucers glide slowly and then take off in a flash.

It was either early winter or late winter (no snow on the ground) in late 1965-early 1966. I was 10. The weather was very overcast, sometime mid to late afternoon. One of those days that was just really dark all day, but not at or near sundown. 
I had just entered my bedroom when I had a strong feeling to look out my window to the south. I saw four glowing saucers lined up at an angle seeming to glide to a stop and then took off in a split second in an "S" curve to the east. They were bright as car headlights look like on a rainy day, and the s shape burned into my vision for several minutes. I could see that the center of the classic saucer shapes was glowing with a slight golden tint, could see the contours of the rest of the shape on either side of the lighted part. It all took place in 1-2 seconds. They were located a little under a mile directly south of my house, probably over Alverno College, near Morgan Avenue in Milwaukee WI.
After I came to my senses (no missing time that I remember) I went downstairs to tell my dad "I think I just saw a ufo." He looked at me a little frightened, either because he'd seen something too, or maybe he thought I was crazy. I was into ufos and paranormal phenomena from a very young age, loved science fiction and ghost stories, and I realized as I told him about what I saw that he thought I was seeing things. His response was "You're just imagining things." But he had this weird look on his face.
I have made several reports in the last few years, yet this is my first sighting; maybe I finally was able to condense the information to write it in a few paragraphs. This sighting was pretty damn close, I was wondering if anyone else saw this? 
Am trying to recreate the incident using Photoshop. Will send when completed.
