{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505284","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3151,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/284/mufon-5505284.json","updb_database_id":5505284}
Noted object with unusual aura, obseved it passing directly overhead, shrouded in what lloked like boiling air and moved slowly and silently

I was travelling north up a small hill in my city and noticed what I first thought was a small helicopter to the west of me. It was roughly 300 feet above the Bow River and was moving slowly from west to east following the river. I dismissed the idea of it being a helicopter because it appeared like there was air turbulence around it. I then thought it might be a large black garbage bag that had been caught up in a wind vortex. However, because it appeared to change shape I stopped my car and walked over to the river bank which was roughly 100 feet above the river and observed a craft moving slowly towards me. It came right overhead, between 100 - 150 above me moving slowly and moved to to the SE of my position gradually gaining altitude and finally stopped in the air and remained in that same position all the while that I observed it. I estimate it stopped at roughly 1500 feet. I had the feeling that it was waiting for me to leave which I finally did about 20 minutes later. It remained stationary in that position during the whole time I was observing it. If I had to estimate the distance from me at that time I would say about 1000 feet. 

I managed to take a picture on my cell phone. As stated it was dead quiet but, the air around it seemed to be boiling and slowly circulating around the craft. It was this movement of air that seemed to make the craft change shape when it was further away from me but, as it came closer I could clearly see it was a flying object. 

Our city had a major flood a few weeks earlier and from what I observed, plus the appendages attached to this craft, it appeared the craft was mapping the river and the river valley. It seemed to know that I had spotted it and moved away until I left. 

It was clear to me that whatever was powering this craft, was not a jet or prop driven vehicle and was employing some kind of magnetic or anti-gravity device. 

I transferred the picture to my Asus tablet and was able to do some minor editing to zoom in and get a bigger picture to see the shape of the craft. I noticed on one of the editing tools that I think produced a negative effect that there was a light halo around the vehicle which was what I observed. The best way to describe this aura was that it looked like the heat waves coming off a highway in the summer.
