{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1994-03-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182482","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"11wg646","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182482,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
a major Flying Triangle incident occurred with the possible crash of a RAFTornado fighter jet during a chase of a Flying TriangleDate: Mon, 15 May 2006 01:25:39 +0100
(BST)
From: daniel wilson
<daniejon2000@yahoo.co.uk>
Subject: FT's over Derby:
The Nuclear
Connection
To: NCP

During the middle 1990's many Flying Triangles were seen
near the city of Derby in the United Kingdom, some 110
miles NNW of London. This was well
documented by Omar Fowler of the Phenomena Researh Association
in his Flying Triangle Mystery.

Approximately 30 miles to the north of Derby is the city
of Sheffield. It was near here on March 24, 1997 that a major Flying
Triangle incident occurred with the possible crash of a RAF Tornado
fighter jet during a chase of a Flying Triangle. This was well
researched by Max Burns and documented in The Sheffield Incident
Parts 1,2,and 3, A Flying Triangle Incident.

My concern here is the many reports of Flying Triangles
(FT's) at and near the city of Derby. Over the last several years
there have been many reports of FT's near Nuclear Power Stations such
as Sizewell and Bradwell east of London. I just had a hunch that there
was a major nuclear facility at Derby and hench the many sightings of
FT"s. I did a little research on the internet and did find a major one
time secret nuclear facility in the city of Derby. It is
the Rolls-Royce Raynesway plant that processes
radioactive material for the Trident Submarine.

What happens at Rolls-Royce Raynesway (RRR)?

Source: http://www.derby.peacepages.co.uk/rr.html

The RRR designs, supplies and supports all the
Pressurised Water Reactor (PWR) systems and equipment which power the
Royal Navy’s submarines, including Trident. They have supplied all the
Royal Navy’s nuclear submarine reactors for 50 years.
There are 2 licensed nuclear sites at RRR – the
manufacturing plant and also the Neptune test reactor.
Elements are made at the manufacturing site with enriched
uranium and zircaloy. These are assembled into core modules with other
elements manufactured from burnable poisons.
Control rods used to control the reactor reactivity and
to shut the reactor down are also manufactured here.
The plant also manufactures steel components for control
rod mechanisms, valves and other specialist components.
The Neptune low power test reactor is used to check that
the fuel reactivity is as intended in the design

Regulation and Waste Disposal

Regulation is done by the NII (Nuclear Installations
Inspectorate). Inspections are quarterly and there is an annual
demonstration exercise to test the emergency arrangements – the most
recent test exercises showed what they call “learning points” although
they were satisfied that RRR would have coped had the incidents been
real.
Liquid and gaseous discharges from the plant are authorised by
the Environment Agency, and RRR admits that they cannot entirely
prevent radioactive emissions to air and water.
Nuclear waste is allowed to be
disposed of

In gas to the atmosphere

In water to the sewer

By incineration at Hythe and
Leeds
In solid and liquid form to
Drigg

Solid waste used to go to the Rolls Royce licensed disposal site
at Crich, but no longer does, its final destination is now Drigg, which
is close to being full
One of the biggest areas of high level waste production by RRR is
the radioactive nuclear reactors themselves when they reach the end of
their life, and as with civil nuclear reactors, there is no effective
disposal mechanism in existence.
The venting of irradiated Tritium and Carbon 14 from the Trident
submarines into Plymouth Sound, and a nuclear accident in a waste site
at Dounreay some years ago are both associated with RR.

REPORTS OF FLYING TRIANGLES AT DERBY

SEE BELOW:
http://freespace.virgin.net/roy.hale/sheffiel.htm

THE
SHEFFIELD INCIDENT PART2:
A Flying Triangle
Incident
Date of Incident March 24th
1997 Time of incident. 21. 45 – 22.15 Location of incident:
The Peak District just out side of the city of Sheffield. Investigated By Max
Burn
--------------------------------------------------------------

Information by kind permission of:
Omar Fowler, Phenomena Research Association
from the Flying Triangle Mystery
Please note FT denotes Flying Triangle.

During the period December 1994 to May 1995, 52 'Flying
Triangle' incidents were reported in the Derby and surrounding area.
There follows a selection of these encounters: -3/12/94 17.00

Amateur astronomer Mr Andrew Emmerson was driving home from work when
he noticed a bright light source in the sky. He drove to a nearby hill
where he observed a FT with white lights, two pulsating red lights and
a green light. The FT hovered and then shone a white beam of light to
the ground. The witness watched the FT for approximately half an hour
before it moved away. Long Eaton, Nottinghamshire 4-2-97

As Mr Raymond Spybey walked down Oxford Street in his hometown of Long
Eaton in Nottinghamshire he noticed what appeared to be "lights in the
distance". The time was 18.55 on the night of February 4th. He took no
notice of the lights at first until he realised they were stationary.

"When I stopped walking they came towards me, then when I started
walking again 'it' stopped. The next thing I knew was that the lights
were above me and I could make out that the shape was triangular, with
yellowish lights at each angle and one in the centre; there was a
little red light on one of the sides. Then I lost sight of it over some
factories and although I made for a nearby bridge, to get a better
view, when I got there, it had vanished." "I remember that I
heard a faint humming sound as it was moving, but when it stopped it
was silent. I could clearly see that it was a black triangle craft and
it was about 400ft up. It appeared from the North and disappeared
heading in a NW direction."

Littleover, Derby 2-3 97 On the night of March 2 1997, a
Mr B.M. of Littleover, Derby decided to
go outside to his car and switch on his car alarm system. The time was
19.55. He continues with his story: "It was a clear night and I noticed
how bright the stars were, I noticed the flashing lights of two
aircraft in the distance, over towards Castle Donnington." (East
Midlands Airport).

"Then I looked around and as I looked straight above me, I saw a
triangular shaped object come from above me and travel quickly towards
the SE. I looked at this triangle several times, before my mind
registered what I was seeing. The FT seemed to be heading towards the
aircraft, as if to go under and between them. Then I lost sight of the
object, as it disappeared in the night sky."

"There was no noise whatsoever from the FT and it carried no lights. It
travelled in a straight line with the point of the triangle going
first." That same evening, a Mr Steve Gamble had been travelling
towards Long Eaton, (just a few miles to the south east of Derby), when
he saw a lightening flash in the sky. Then he saw something like "a
golf ball of light flash across the sky!"
Also that evening Pauline Cooper of Derby, reported seeing a bright
light moving across the sky at about 19.30.

7/3/95 20.25
Witness Mr Keith Thompson reported that he had been watching two FT's
through his binoculars from his home in Repton (near Derby). He had
been able to make out a number of red, green and white flashing lights.
Shortly afterwards a FT flew over his house causing his TV picture to
distort (seen by his wife) and he noticed that his map compass had
fluctuated. He also commented that the FT had moved with a "jerky,
stop-go motion."

16/3/95 05.30
Mr Peter Hickie and his brother were driving along the A52 near
Willington south of Derby. The pair were returning from a holiday in
Eire and had landed at Holyhead a few hours previously.
Peter, who is retired, continues the story:

"We were on our way from Willington to Swarkstone and we had just
negotiated a right hand bend in the road, when we saw a very large
triangular object coming directly towards us. I said to my brother,
what on earth is that?"
"I noticed that it had approximately nine, large, three dimensional
light panels, like blocks of white light, underneath the aircraft. They
were very bright and made it difficult to distinguish the exact
outline, once it was overhead, but then it appeared to be a type of
delta wing.

We stopped the car and got out for several minutes. We heard a sound
like jet engines and we could only think that it was a type of aircraft
used for night surveying of some sort. However, it was so cold, we got
back into the car and watched it until it went out of sight behind some
trees, heading for Swarkstone. We couldn't understand why, if it was a
military aircraft, it had such a large block of lights underneath."

16/3/95 19.15
Mr Keith Thompson (an ex-military person and keen observer), reported
that he had seen unusual lights over the Littleover area (near Sinfin),
Derby. Mr Thompson had spent many hours searching the sky with
binoculars since the FT 'flap' began in December 1994. He also managed
to capture the lights with his video camera.

16/3/95 21.10
A witness Mr S.H. was driving home from work through Derby on the A5111
ring road. The traffic slowed down at the busy 'spider bridge'
roundabout, Allerton. When the witness reached the junction, he stopped
to let traffic pass and while he was stationary, he happened to glance
upwards. There hovering high over the bridge was 'the triangle'. (The
local media had made many people aware that FT's were visiting the
Derby area.)

Mr S.H. continued: -
"I looked, I really looked! I know in my mind that I saw it. There
were cars behind me and one vehicle to the right of me, I couldn't
possibly be the only person to have seen it."

19/12/94 06.30
Three witnesses at Ilkeston, Derbyshire watched a FT stationary in the
sky, covered in 'stars' with a red light adjacent to the white 'nose'
light. It was observed for over half an hour. A witness described it as
follows: -
"The object was roughly triangular, with many projections, as though
three stars had been pressed together. It was less than a mile away and
about 500ft high, my estimate is based on known comparisons. It was far
brighter than any star and in the top left hand corner there was a
small red light."

21/1/95 10.55
A female witness, together with her twin daughter's (10) observed a
large grey FT while driving home in Derby. The FT was seen hovering
over the Derwent Housing Estate. It appeared to have 'rounded' corners
(see Belgian FT) and had a series of bright red lights around the edges
of the craft.

22/2/95 20.00
A witness, Mr R.C. had just returned to his home in Mackworth, Derby,
when he observed two FT's with numerous lights. They were stationary at
first, but then began to move towards the witness. He heard a 'humming
noise' as they passed slowly overhead. He noticed that his dogs were
nervous. A second person at Mackworth also witnessed this incident
(there were three independent witnesses). A Mr Mark Purvis saw two
bright lights approaching his house. He was able to make out the shape
of two FT's as they passed overhead. He also heard a 'humming' noise
and commented on that his dogs snapped at each other nervously.

26/2/95 21.40
Mark Cheetham / Tracey
While travelling from Matlock, on the Moorwood road near Southingfield,
Derbyshire, Mark Cheetham and his girlfriend (Tracey), noticed a light
in the sky that they at first took to be an aircraft. They were driving
in the direction of the light that they estimated to be about a mile
away. They were becoming increasingly curious and were soon close
enough to establish that the light was not moving, but hovering quite
low. It was at a height about 200/300ft from the ground and close to a
nearby cottage. Mark told his girlfriend that he was determined to find
out what it was and he turned the car down a road heading towards the
cottage. Tracey was now becoming very frightened and Mark slowed the
car down to about 10mph. Finally he pulled the car to a halt when they
were about 75 yards away from the lights. The lights were hovering
motionless, about 200ft to the left of the cottage.

Mark and Tracey peered out into the night and Mark asked his girlfriend
what she could see. Both agreed that the object had three red lights in
a triangular formation of about 40ft in diameter, with two round white
lights the size of an old dustbin lid in the centre of the craft.Then
the craft started to move towards them, at a speed of no more than
20mph. It took only 30/45 seconds before it was directly over the car!
"Tracey was screaming at me to drive off but all I could do was sit
there and watch it, until it was overhead and out of my vision by then
I was getting really worried, so I started to drive off. At this point
at this point I asked Tracey where it was and she said it went straight
up and disappeared in the direction of Tansley.

The following incidents reported by several witnesses relate how on the
1st March 1995 there was progressive FT activity throughout the day in
the area of the A52 Derby to Ashbourne main road. This appeared to be a
day of intense FT activity in the Derby area, although FT incidents
were reported several days before and after the 1st March 1995.

1-3-95 03.30
Pete, a witness at Kirk Langley (a village on the A52 Derby to
Ashbourne road) reported that in the middle of the night he heard a
noise "It sounded like a washing machine." He saw bright orange lights
reflected in his bedroom, he looked out of his window but saw nothing.
He commented "Strange things happen around here, there are lights that
are not lights."

1-3-95 05.50
A Mr D.W. was driving on the A6 (approx. 3 miles East of Kirk Langley),
from Derby to Belper when he saw a vivid bright light in the sky. The
witness was driving alone at the time and he was unable to give a
clearer description, other than seeing a bright hovering light in the
sky.

1/3/95 18.50
A Mr B and his partner were travelling in their car on the busy A52
Derby to Ashborne road. They were a few miles out from Derby and
heading Northwest, when they noticed a bright light in the sky above
them. As they drew closer they were aware that the traffic was slowing
down. They were then able to see the reason for the traffic delay. The
bright light was in fact a series of lights in the shape of a flying
triangle and the FT was hovering low over the main A52 road. The
traffic had slowed down to a crawl as drivers peered up, looking at the
brightly lit FT. "It was so low that you could not fail to notice it."
commented Mr B. "I cannot understand why other drivers did not report
it." Though they had.

Another driver Mr Hutchinson was also driving along the A52 Derby to
Ashbourne road at that time and reported seeing a FT with red and green
lights around it.

A Mrs A. H. reported that during the same early evening, she had also
been driving along the A52 Derby to Ashbourne road. Suddenly a bright
global object with a series of white, red and green lights and
a"triangular" base had zoomed by close to her car and then "vanished
out of sight."

Derby (Rolls-Royce Aero Works) 29/6/94
In the early hour's (01.20) of the 29th June 1994, Mr Alan Beardmore
was driving his van on his way home from a snooker tournament. His
journey took him past the engine testing facility of the Rolls-Royce
Engine Company. On one side of the road there is a series of large
concrete buildings and on the other there is open countryside with a
series of electrical pylons carrying to the test facility. As Mr
Beardmore was driving along his van headlights went out and almost at
the same time he noticed a series of lights hovering over a nearby
field. He pulled to a stop and peered out of the window, everywhere was
deserted apart from a formation of three bright white lights hovering
over a nearby power line pylon.

The witness was able to make out what appeared to be a triangle of
lights and close to the 'nose'; he noticed a bright red light, which
was positioned next to the bright white light. Mr Beardmore looked
through the side window of his van and peered into the darkness. He was
just able to make out the classic FT shape then as he watched it
started to move away. He turned his van around to follow the FT, but it
was now out of sight then suddenly his headlights came on again! He
surveyed the sky and had one last look for the FT, but it had gone.

====================================================

http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/477315.stm

Sunday, October 17, 1999 Published at
13:16 GMT 14:16 UK

UK

Anger over 'secret' nuclear
plant

Last month's nuclear leak in
Japan was a warning to the world

Campaigners are demanding the
closure of a "secret" nuclear fuel plant, based in the heart of a
British city.
The move comes after the
operators, Rolls-Royce, confirmed it had been warned about serious
safety flaws at the factory in Raynesway, Derby.

The
BBC's Linda Duffin: "Rolls Royce have since changed their procedures "

The Sunday Times says the company is processing fuel even more volatile
than the material that sparked a nuclear scare in Japan last month.
Highly enriched uranium
fuel is treated in a special wing of Rolls-Royce's plant.
It is delivered by the
Ministry of Defence (MoD) and, after treatment, is used in Royal Navy
nuclear submarines.
Radioactive clouds
The Sunday Times says it
has seen leaked Rolls-Royce documents that admit there is a risk of a
"criticality accident" similar to that which caused the disaster at the
Tokaimura plant in Japan last month.
In that incident
radioactive clouds drifted over several inhabited areas after a nuclear
fission chain reaction.

The Derby
plant makes engines for nuclear subs

Three workers were seriously injured and a further 36 contaminated
after the radiation leak.
The fuel involved was 20%
uranium 235 but at Derby it is reportedly 90% uranium 235.
A Rolls-Royce spokesman
said the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate (NII), part of the Health
and Safety Executive, had found flaws in its safety procedures during
an exercise in March.
He said: "We have now
clarified the position, changed our procedures and practised them three
times."
He added: "Last week we had
an emergency exercise involving the emergency services which was
observed by the NII.
"Afterwards, the NII said
it was now satisfied with our procedures."
Defence Secretary Geoff
Hoon said the plant should not be closed.
"Those concerns have been
addressed by the Nuclear Installations Inspectorate and they've given
the plant an entirely clean bill of health.
"Those concerns have been
thoroughly investigated."

The
factory is in the heart of Margaret Beckett's Derby constituency

A Health and Safety Executive spokeswoman said there had been safety
concerns at the plant.
She said: "There was an
emergency exercise in March following which we asked for some
improvements and a repeat of the exercise, which took place on
Wednesday.
"The NII was satisfied."
The Sunday Times says the
city's 223,000 residents were unaware of the factory's clandestine role
because it was "classified".
The factory's main role is
as a manufacturer of engines for Trident nuclear submarines.
As such it is highly
sensitive, and lorries are often escorted into and out of the plant by
armed guards.
Derby also has no emergency
plan in case of a nuclear leak, reports the paper.
'Right to know'
Dave Knight, chairman of
the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament, called for the Raynesway plant to
be closed down immediately.
He said: "Urgent answers
are needed to some very serious questions.

William
Peden from Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament: "It's an unsuitable
operation to have in the centre of Derby"

"Why is there no emergency plan? Are there any containment procedures
for a critical accident? The people of Derby have the right to know.
"As Tokaimura showed,
accidents do happen and when they do the effects are long lasting if
not deadly for the local populace."
The city's MP, Margaret
Beckett, a former Cabinet Minister and currently Leader of the House of
Commons, is expected to raise the matter with the new Defence Secretary
Geoff Hoon.

===================================================
===================================================

UK

Residents shocked by nuclear secret

Local residents were unaware of
the plant's work

The revelation that a
Rolls-Royce plant in Derby processes radioactive material has prompted
shock and concern among local residents.
They knew the plant in
Raynesway, Derby, made propulsion systems for nuclear submarines - but
the delicate operation of processing highly-enriched uranium had been
classified until now.
Local councillor John
Ahern, whose ward covers the plant, promised to investigate reports of
serious safety flaws at the factory.
He said: "I am extremely
concerned, but let me say that if there has been a breach in safety I
will address the issue.
"I owe it to my
constituents, the people of Derby, and the workers, to get to the
bottom of this. I will be speaking to the powers that be to discover
just what has happened."
He added: "There are some
serious questions that need to be asked. I am sure the people living
near here will be equally concerned.
"We need to seek
clarification that this area is safe and that there are not any health
problems as a result of this."
Shoppers at Derby's Asda
supermarket said they were surprised and worried by the discovery.
Mother-of-two Alison Jones,
from Allenton, said: "It is very worrying, especially after what has
happened in Japan. We need to know what is happening."
Another shopper said: "I
think it's disgraceful. It is very worrying for people who live nearby."
