{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-11 23:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484635","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2825,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/635/mufon-5484635.json","updb_database_id":5484635}
{cak} 3 lights in shape of a triangle very fast. About 1/3 speed of a shooting star. Went across half the sky in 2 to 3 seconds

I was in an industrial park on a dark side of a building. I work nights and I was outside on my break. It was a clear night and I was looking up at the stars when I noticed a shooting star out of the corner of my eye. I have seen many shooting stars in my life so I knew to look quick because they are gone so fast. So I turned my head to look at it and I was kind of shocked how slow the shooting star was going. Then I noticed it was what I would describe as 3 somewhat fuzzy or hazy not real bright but very easy to see white lights in a triangle shape traveling in a straight line due east very very fast. It was about a 1/3 the speed of a shooting star. Made no noise. I did not notice it until it was almost above me and it was at the horizon in probably less then 3 seconds. Unbelievably fast but not so fast I couldn't get a good look at it and watch it. I really have no idea how high it was flying but I would have to guess Maybe a mile. The feeling I had was I thought I couldn't believe what I just saw and I was very happy I got to see it. I want to see it again. Instantly addicted. Maybe the most awesome thing I ever seen. At the same time it is a bit scary. Don't know what to think. I wish I had someone with me to witness it too. I seen something that awesome and no one cares not even my wife. Told me to forget about it and move on. She don't want to hear about it anymore. Been looking up at the sky for the last 20 years. I know a lot about astronomy. I laugh at ufo stories. Very ironic I'm typing this right now. I would consider myself an excellent witness. I've been trying to come up with all kinds of theories of what it could have been from satellites maybe reflecting sunlight very sharp beams in the sky, to car dealership spotlights. Who knows, but their were no cloud layers in the sky to concentrate a beam of light on.??? It has taken me a couple days to stop trying to come up with an explanation for it. I'm sure I'll always wonder. I would have to say it was most definitely a very very fast flying object. Not some sort of light trick. Unbelievable. Hope it's American!
