{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-06-06 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455635","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105974","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5369,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/635/mufon-5455635.json","updb_database_id":5455635}
{rjl} 3 different sightings in KY back in the 70's

My UFO experiences occurred from 1978-1979, in Madison County, KY. My family and I lived on Meadowbrook Road, Richmond, KY (Waco). Of note, our home was approximately 1 mile away from the Bluegrass Army Depot. Regretfully, I do not have precise dates for these events. By backtracking through my life and pinpointing dates when my family moved from said residence and when I started going to a different local school, I was able to determine the 1978-1979 timeframe. During this time, I had 3 different experiences. 

Sometime during the summer of ’78, my friend and I were playing out in the front yard of my residence. I was 10 or 11, as was my friend. It was dusk, getting dark quickly. We noticed off in the Western horizon (which would have been directly over a portion of the Bluegrass Army Depot) what appeared to be one object with 2 lights on it, flying back and forth across the horizon. Several minutes went by and we continued with our activities in the front yard. When next we turned our attention back to the object, we realized it was not one object but actually two different objects, with one object apparently following or chasing the other one. This got our attention and we started watching this chase unfold in the skies above us as the two objects went back and forth across the horizon. Of note, cars started stopping along the road, with several people getting out to watch this “chase”. People were getting out binoculars and watching intently as the chase went on for several minutes. Finally, the lead object took off at a high rate of speed, pulling far out in front of the second object. Then, the lead object stopped, in mid-air, and just sat there for a few seconds, not moving at all. As the second object closed in on it, the lead object accelerated…straight up…and took off. It went straight up and disappeared. The second object then flew around in what looked like some type of search pattern for a few more seconds and then flew off West, into the horizon (toward and over the Depot). Later that same night, we saw searchlights, again coming from the direction of the Depot, sweeping across the sky. 

Some time in that same timeframe, I was riding my bike down the same road, in front of my house. I looked south, down the road and saw an object flying just above the tree line, going from East to West. The craft looked like a plane with a tail fin but with no wings. It was black in color and was actually close enough that I could see there were no windows or markings on it. It was traveling slow enough that I was able to visually observe it for at least 5-10 seconds. It then disappeared over the Western horizon, once again, heading straight towards the depot.

I saw the exact same craft, in the same exact same location, a few months later. Once again, I was by myself and I had 5-10 seconds of being able to view it.

I never forgot these incidents. I went on to serve in the military and then had a successful, 25-year career in law enforcement in a police agency in Florida. I retired from civilian law enforcement in 2013 and 3 weeks later I was on my way to Afghanistan as a senior police advisor. On my second tour to Afghanistan in 2014, I was attending a conference in Kabul, at the large military base there known as HKIA (Hamid Karzai International Airport). HKIA has a real international flair to it, with NATO troops from all over the world stationed there. It was the end of the day and I was enjoying a cigar in one of the many pavilions that are situated around the base. 2 American soldiers came up to smoke as well.  While sitting there, we began chatting, exchanging small talk. They were both older (for soldiers), both senior NCO’s and as luck would have it, they were reservists from Kentucky, their home base…the Bluegrass Army Depot. Having the Richmond area in common, we immediately hit it off. After several minutes of talking and now feeling somewhat confortable with them, I decided to ask them about the Depot. “Guys, I have a question for you about the Depot and it might seem a little strange….” was what I stated. Before I could finish my sentence, they both stopped me and said, ”You saw something weird didn’t you? Well, we can assure you, it wasn’t your imagination.” Of course I was a little shocked by their joint statement. They both went on to explain all kinds of weird things happening at the Depot. Blacked out SUV’s, coming at all different times of the day and night, hangars off limits to even the most senior military personnel and yes, even reports of strange lights in the sky. Needless to say, it was an amazing experience to have some type of confirmation as to what I had seen, years before.
