{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500635","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4171,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/635/mufon-5500635.json","updb_database_id":5500635}
{cak} Bright White Light in close range

In the summer of 2003 in August. My wife and I and our 4 children went on vacation to Hayesville NC to stay with our in-laws in a creek side cabin that we had stayed in several times. We arrived in the afternoon and had been riding around sight seeing as we always did. We arrived back at the cabins around 5pm and started cooking our evening meal while myself and the kids were outside watching them ride there bikes up and down the very long driveway. After we cleaned up inside we decided to go back outside it was a nice clear evening no clouds in the sky. My wife and I and all 4 children were standing against the fence that was in front of the property that had about a 10 acre field of wheat grass growing in it and the grass was about 12 inches high in the field on the other side of the field was a small ditch then it sloped upward to the 2 lane country road that brings you to the cabins from in town on the other side of the road was another small ditch that sloped down then there was a very steep ridge that went back up to the top of a mountain this area was very wooded with no visible roads on it. The cabins are about 3 miles from Hayesville NC on the Tusquittee Creek. As we were standing there with our children my wife noticed a single light way on the other side of the country road in the wooded area that sloped up the mountain ridge going back and fourth at a very fast pace. She said to me "Hey look at that headlight going through the woods"! We looked at it and said it is going too fast to be a 4 wheeler. This light was going back and fourth at a very fast pace and you could see that it was close to the ground and you could see the shadow of the trees breaking the view. We said to the kids "look at that light in the woods way ever there" the kids starting being loud saying look at that what is it!!! All of a sudden the light stopped went down the ridge went out of view then came over the road then back down this side and headed right towards us. This round bright white light was about the size of a basketball maybe just smaller. It came right above us hovering for a moment then it starting scanning the wheat field back and forth from one end to the next. We watched this for about ten minutes and then it started moving all around the field above us hovering silently and changing directions like nothing I have ever seen before. This went on for about 45 minutes then it went around the back side of the house and then shot off upwards and was gone in the blink of an eye. We waited about 10 minutes but we did not see it any longer so we decided we were going to get the kids settled down for bed. After about and hour my wife and decided to go back outside around the back of the property that was on the Tusquittee Creek. The cabins had a hammock next the creek so we decided to get in the hammock together to just lay there and look at the stars we had been there for about 5 minutes and out of the trees here comes the same bright white light! "My wife said oh my god there it is right above us"! I said just be quiet and don't move. We just sat there as it moved all around us like it was checking us out. This went on for about 10 minutes and at one point it was within 10 feet of us. After a few minutes it went to the edge of the tree top and just took off in the flash of an eye upward. I never have seen this type of object again but once I saw the information posted on the internet I wanted to let everyone know what my family and I saw that night it was very incredible.
