{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-05-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504635","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54252","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/635/mufon-5504635.json","updb_database_id":5504635}
{kt}UFO at the end of my driveway followed me in my car for about 25 minutes including one other witness

I was headed home from college. I commuted three days a week about 45 miles one direction and came home driving a country road going due north headed toward my driveway as usual. Up ahead I saw the UFO craft and it was low to the ground and following me. I stopped to check the mail at the end of my driveway and the craft was almost overhead and just stayed there. I was very scared. I was sure that I was being watched. I could hear nothing. I drove up my driveway about a third of the way in the object stayed with me so at that point since no one else was home I turned around and drove back out to the main road and turned in the direction I just came.  Again the flying object followed me and stayed right with I went down to the end of the road which was about a half a mile and again the objects stay with me turn right heading to West and went to my nearest neighbor that I only knew because they were on the same phone line I was on I had never met them before. I pulled into the driveway of the home and went and knocked on the door leading my car door open and my car out on the road in front of her house. I think she thought I was crazy until she came out a little bit down her walkway and she could also see the object. It was quite obvious when she did see it because she had look on her face she was terrified. She already knew that I was scared. I explain to her how the object had followed me from my home and she was only interested in me leaving so it would follow me away. A quick plan was made that she would watch and observe see what happened when idea drive away. I left continuing do west on the country road that headed toward Highway 5. I turned north on Highway five and drove toward a very small country store that had not been opened very long. Heavy woods had the view of the sky obstructed to my west. As I drove north I lost size of the object which was flying west of me and again following me. This was about the sixth time it had changed direction. I pulled into the small store and saw that I had lost the object completely I drove up the road a little ways to try to catch another glimpse of the UFO and never saw it again. I drove back to the home where the woman had stood outside and looked at the object with me. She said it followed me when I left. I called the Faulkner County sheriffs department and made a report on the phone. The woman that I spoke to said that I was not the only call they had received. No one ever contacted me and I never saw the UFO again.
