{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494635","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64831","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/635/mufon-5494635.json","updb_database_id":5494635}
{rjl} Unusual object over Lake Ontario - North of Lake Ontario Parkway

I was driving west along the Lake Ontario State Parkway, back in 2012, when I lived near Charlotte beach at night - 11pmish it was the weekend and I was heading to Hamlin Beach area to visit a friend. On long drives I tend to stargaze but this time I noticed an odd object.

At first I figured it was a shooting star, blue-green color and streak across the sky, even made a wish. Then I thought blue-green was an odd color for a shooting star; so I distinctly remember thinking I had to look up what metal content would have to be in a meteor or meteorite to cause that. However the object went from a colored blur moving quickly and a speck to something that would be between Golfball and Basketball sized at arms length. The lights on it were bright that I could only really make out a vague shape at distance - cigar is best suited but without fine detail I could not say. The light shifted between an inner color and outer exterior color ringing the lower section. It would go blue, blue-green, white, green-blue, green and pulsed in that pattern. I could not discern a timing but it was not on a steady timing it was a shifting pattern.

It started in the North-west portion of the sky, I know this because it was to the upper right of my windshield while I headed west. I pulled over to get out my cell phone to start taking pictures. This is when things got odd, and why I have only ever told one person about this, because of fear of ridicule. So I pulled over, got my cellphone out, and just as I did this I saw 2 black SUVs go past at a very very high rate of speed. The last blind spot on the road was miles behind me, so not having seen them before now and with how fast they went off down the road, they were doing over 100mph. There were no plates on the back - just black that matched the paint of the vehicles. I know they were black because my headlights gave me a quick glimpse.

I go to turn my camera app on, on my phone and - the phone is dead. Same time headlights sputter and go out, I try to start the car and no response at all in the vehicle. No radio, nothing. So I look down the road and no tail-lights either. They were visible moments before but now just dark. The area was already very dark with no lights in range I could notice so I do not know if there were any other areas with power out. I watch as the object hovers over the NW portion of the sky - quickly zips to almost directly North - hovers - NE - hovers - then back to the starting NW and hovers. The whole time moving and changing directions like no aircraft I know off - though experimental is always possible.

All of a sudden my car turns on - no keys in the ignition, just on. Lights on, radio on to what sounded like a mix of static and modem dial-up connection, and my cell phone was turning on. I go to start the camera app look up and the object zips off into the night sky at an ascending angle looking like a shooting-star in reverse. I then see two SUV's that could have been the same ones heading east and a slower rate of speed down the parkway. The radio goes back to music - and I call my friend to say I am going home because I feel ill. 

Since then I have only told my now ex-fiance, who told me to stop thinking dreams are reality, and I figured if she would react like that others likely would too so I kept my mouth shut... but since I have been watching UFO shows and reading whatever I can, but separating hard science from second hand he-said she-said on the net is difficult. I saw the show advertised on Amazon, watched, and figured... well cannot hurt to write what I saw because at the least you might have another matching report of this area or similar ones to actually link hard evidence and first hand accounts.
