{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-04 22:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290635","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2991,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/635/mufon-5290635.json","updb_database_id":5290635}
Pulsating orb/ came right over my neighbors house and descended quite a ways.

I have been seeing and reporting a pulsating orb for the last two weeks. At times I have felt it is watching me and possibly trying to communicate when I think certain things the glow gets brighter and different colors appear to flash. I have tried thinking questions and to me I either "sense" an emotional response or sometimes have seen it move up and down or side to side like yes or no. I've seen faces inside my mind with a green type aura or mist. Many times this will occur when I stare at it with my naked eye and not the camera. I'm not even sure I myself believe that, but evidence of late does support how I feel about it. Earlier in the week before this sighting, I asked if my friend could see them and thought about when she would be there. 
The first night she arrived on 12.4.2020 at 10:02pm we both saw it together. My sister also saw it. It was first seen in the se sky and the colors were phenomenal! Purple, blue, green, yellow, red. It would pulsate, get brighter and dimmer. We watched it until almost 1am. It would zig zag, move up and down. After 12am it had moved almost directly above my neighbors house and must have descended in altitude, because it was the biggest and brighter I have ever seen it. The first videos and pictures are fun around 12 am outside next to my neighbors house. One picture in a succession I took with no flash or filter, illuminated the night sky around it. It appears to have an aura or "bubble" around it. My friend who was with me is very skeptical when I tell her previous times I have seen it. But after last weekend it out all doubts out of her mind that whatever it was is unexplainable!
