{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-24 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487635","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72023","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3737,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/635/mufon-5487635.json","updb_database_id":5487635}
{jpg} not an obduction; a level 5 contact

I am a Premier ET Theorist who is readying a major work on the subject with Random House, due in the spring. Because of the startling disclosures in the ground breaking 400 page tome, I am now convinced that a life-threatening auto accident I was steered into was the result of a cognitive blank invoked by these intelligences to disrupt or even cancel my further participation and publication of this monumentally important book.

Here's what happened in brief:
I am driving home at 5pm just blocks from my home in Lakewood, and approach the corner of Wads & 1st Ave, looking to turn west onto 1st Ave. A young man steps into the street in front of me. I swerve, brake to avoid him, etc. The next thing I know is a loud crash and an airbag in my face a half mile away at the corner of 1st & Carr St, on the corner of a school and church. In the midst of that trauma, not knowing what really happened, I mistakenly piecemeal together in my mind a fractured, substitute narrative, knowing I am about to have to account to the police. Having seen a building behind the fellow, and mistakenly place the entire event/distraction with him just prior to the car collision at 1st & Carr, assuming the building behind him is the church on the corner I past just prior to the accident.
Most importantly, I simply cannot recall anything whatsoever about the lead up to the crash itself -no approach, no red light, no red car, no intersection, nothing at all- and reported so to the investigating officer.
Weeks later, while driving the route again (as I do often), I again encountered a person standing on the very spot where the young fellow stood the prior month and have a significant and very telling flash back/recall-
I now recognized a large red & white CONOCO signage on the immediate left (opposite side of the street). This directly confirms that the initial experience of the man was there at Wads & 1st, not further up the street at the intersection of 1st & Carr.
Having had an epiphany just days before of a rare, peculiar and startlingly beautiful asterism at Belmar Park, making me aware that "this is really big, something really special is about to happen", I now realize that a level 5 UFO event befell me on 5pm, June 24th deliberately intended to endanger me, possibly kill me in a head-on collision.
The other party is now suing in court later this year, and I now feel obligated to use this public forum to initiate a full investigation, public disclosure, TV coverage and platform for a large-scale book launch event, with MUFON strongly involved, to our considerable mutual benefit.
This is not a drill.
