{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-10 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486635","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/635/mufon-5486635.json","updb_database_id":5486635}
{nd} Saw a UFO that was red and white hover and love side to side up and down and land!

I was walking home and was on my street when I noticed a odd light in the sky gliding in an odd way on December 10th at 11:15 in Malden or Revere mass.. I am a believer of UFO's and ET's. But I firmly believe I am not jumping to conclusions.I watched it fly west then stop and hover. So I walked to my best vantage point possible, by this time it decended straight down. So I was actually starting to think this aint right. So I took my phone out at this point but didn't get anything good on the camera or video recorder.So I'm at the back of a cemateary watching it hover sighlently. I then tried to record it again. My phone was low at 25 % and as soon as I recoreded it again it beeped saying it was low 15% and could not record due to low battery, then totally died and shut off . It useally tells you ten than 5 than makes a noise when it dies , it would usually take mins. This took seconds and did not go through its low battery functions. I proceeded to watch it accend, decend, go west, east and hover in impossible 90 degrees diagonal movements. I was stunned, It has been my dream to see what I saw. I always pictured jumping up and down, but I was astonished and keep saying expletives. I have a solid knowledge of planes and Helicopters and air crafts my dad was in the Air force, and I'm a sky watcher. No plane could ever move like this, the G force would rip the piolet in half. It made no sound. It was one Red and One White light side bye side. I could not make out the craft just two Circles like this oo. During this I saw planes, stars, and the I saw what I believe was a large Black Hawk helicopter, very low appearing to land. which I have seen before. Some were over there is a base or Airport or something in that general direction. Maybe Logan. But that is more east and have routinely seen all sorts of crafts go that direction. When it moved it wasn't so fast u couldn't see it but it was fast and stoped on a dime. Then I heard what sounded to be a jet or two going that direction but never saw them. Then a couple mins later it decended straight down and landed. It was dark and to far away to see it but I swore I saw a red light on the ground. So I tried to get closer two it but the only way was through a forrest and it could have been miles away. I was unarmed and had no flashlight so I did not proceed but I am In the mourning. Waited to see if it would go back up for a few mins. it didn't I went home. I don't know If it was ET UFO oR a government UFO, leaning towards the later. But it was no plane, I don't think a drone it would have to have been like a war drone for that size. Hellicopter Is possible but no noise and don't think a helicopter could have made these movements...Sorry for the spelling, I'm very excited and had to report this right away..I want to know If anyone else saw it or knows anything about it, or did I just witness something out of this world. ..Thanks
