{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-26 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501635","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2980,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/635/mufon-5501635.json","updb_database_id":5501635}
Four bright, orange lights silently flying by in Orleans

Last night, June 26, 2014, I had just gotten off the 94 Millennium bus at the corner of Portobello and Innes roads at approximately 10:40 p.m. I was walking down the left-hand side of the road, on the sidewalk, heading southeast to my home. Out of the corner of my eye, to my left, I spotted a large, very bright orange light flying over the tops of the homes. I kept walking, following it along until it started to slowly descend, much like a meteor would. As it descended, its light flickered off, as though it was reflecting the sun's light (much like a satellite), then the light got bright again and it descended past the homes and I lost sight. Two seconds afterwards, a second orange light came into view from the same northeast direction, heading southeast. It was the same colour, same size, following the same flight path. 

I stopped walking to confirm that there was no sound coming from the light. A few seconds later, with the second light still in view, a third light appeared. Again, same size, colour, brightness, direction and trajectory. Again, no sound coming from any of the lights. I continued walking and looking at the lights as they followed one another, same distance apart, and then descended down and sort of flickered off like a spark. A fourth and final light followed them and again, I lost view of it behind the homes.

I am very familiar with aircraft and what they look like at night. My father is an airforce pilot and I have been around planes my whole life. These lights caught my attention because they were so big, like giant orange orbs, silently flying along, slowly descending to the ground. I thought at first they were firework sparks falling from the sky and flickering out, but they weren't falling from the sky like fireworks were, and they were much bigger and closer. They certainly weren't planes flying in formation, they were silent, smooth in flight, orb-like and seemed to appear from the northeast part of the sky.

I felt very excited while I was witnessing them, taking great care to watch and make mental notes of their direction and characteristics. My phoned had died that day, otherwise I would've taken videos and pictures. When I got home, about ten minutes later, I called the police and reported my sighting to them. They said they'd have someone check out the area.
