{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-07 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471080","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89400","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2685,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/080/mufon-5471080.json","updb_database_id":5471080}
{cak} 8 orange glowing spheres approaching NW to SW over the course of 5-7 mins passed over my neighborhood where I observed 4 of the 8 turn off their orange glow and could see them silently fly in line toward the SW (I-Drive area)

At about 7pm I was in my car at the intersection of Hargill and Conway rd, heading east into my neighborhood. As I waited to cross the road I observed 2 orange orbs flying NE to SW. One of the two orange glowing orbs disappeared from view as the lights dimmed until not visible. The second orb followed suit. Within 2 minutes a 3rd and 4th orb coming from the NE to SW flew with and orange glow until the glow dimmed out of sight. About a minute later I was at house and observed a 5th glowing Orb fly almost directly overhead (looking up at appx 85%) at about 2,000 ft. AGL (best guess based on my experience as a paratrooper). I took out my phone to take a video and as I did the object turned off its light and I could see a grey sphere silently fly over head at the speed of a traffic helicopter until out of view. About 2 minutes later I was on my roof looking to the NE (towards Titusville) when 3 orange glowing orbs flying in a line at about 2,000 ft AGL followed an arced path across to the SW. As each object approached my position the light it was emmitting turned off (appx above the nighborhood of Dover Manor East) and I could clearly observe 3 grey orbs silently fly above my house on a SW flight path toward I-Drive. Of the 8 orbs I observed it was the final 4 orbs that I could clearly see AFTER the orange glow ceased to emit from the object. After the lights were gone each onject appeared to be spherical with absolutely no audible sound or observable propulsion mechanism. The speed, arced flight path, and following in a line behavior of these objects indicate to me that they were not balloons of any kind. Additionally I live directly along the flight path of the airport and have extensive military experience in and around aircraft and I can say with 100% certainty that these were not conventional aircraft, either helicopter or fixed wing.
