{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-03-31 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525080","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3073,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/080/mufon-5525080.json","updb_database_id":5525080}
Star-like object in southern skies always at night. Seems to be mocking astrological positioned star. 25-45 degrees above horizon.

For no apparent reason I wake up around 4 am in my bed upstairs. I begin to admire how bright the stars look through my balcony door window when I notice one of the stars is not acting like the others. This star appears to be swaying and moving abnormally. I line up the star-like object with my wall and notice the star is indeed swaying toward and away from the wall very strange like. Therefore, I decide to capture this moment with my hand held camcorder when I notice a whole new perspective. Viewing this object through my camera, it appears to be moving much more dramatic and forming different colors (such as the red/blue shift). At first, I thought it was my shaky hand causing the erratic motions. However, the next day I look more closely at the footage and notice when the object stops moving erratically three balls of light form revolving very tightly in a sphere pattern then back into a single ball of light. My first impression was that these balls of light was trying to communicate in some foreign language by displaying these foreign characters resembling that of our own Arabic language. Or perhaps it was simply my shaky shooting that caused all these interesting character looking shapes. 
  Several months pass and nobody else has seen this swaying star in the sky, not even the astronomers to my knowledge. However, July 4th 2010, a young boy sitting just behind me with his father awaiting the fireworks says these words..."daddy, that star is moving.." I immediately turn around and say "FINALLY! Someone else is witnessing what I have seen." Goosebumps on my arms appear as I locate the same "star" this little boy saw and now I'm starting to think something is not right. Now I feel obligated to share this with people other than my family, so I call in to Bobby Bones Show 96.7 FM a local morning show days later and reveal to them what I have on tape. However, they did not seem to be thrilled about it at all. Moreover, in my opinion, my footage wasn't/isn't convincing enough to get too excited about. Which is why I am here contacting you guys several months after the fact because I need some professional help debunking my footage. Who knows, maybe I do have something here!

Best regards,

Grant Dolenz
