{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-10 04:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493080","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66440","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3344,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/080/mufon-5493080.json","updb_database_id":5493080}
{cak} Saw bright orange light to my left North East; traveled fast & was directly in front & above me; several orange lights in the front & back; skinny large long shaped fast flying object; disappeared quickly to south west direction

June 10 2015 @ 4:49am i was pulling into the backside of my apartment complex to park my car ( towards the east direction) the sky was black with no clouds visible; cedar trees directly in front of me and the Moon was waning cresant shape to the south east direction further way from my vision. At first I thought was a falling orange object from the north east direction, like brighter than a falling star, because all I saw was a bright orange color to the left of my vantage point and as it got closer to me, I thought it was a big flying toy! Then I immediately jumped out of my car not parking it. The flying object was traveling fast now directly in front & above me never slowing down. At that point I did not think it was a toy flying object anymore! I saw the outline of it and appeared black or dark. Several Orange lights in front and back of the dark flying object. And I do not think they were blinking lights more like solid. It was quickly moving In the direction of south west & disappearing over a 2 story apartment building. I ran quickly to follow the lights and they just disappeared. The shape of the fast moving flying object was skinny appearing or bullet like or missle shape. It did not appear round or circular shape and appeared flat more like than round, yet was right in front & above my vision clearly; lower than clouds would have been and higher than the trees and higher than the 2 story building & moved fast. I had fear it was crashing as it went over 2story apartment building. 
My feelings were of awe and excitement; I almost called the police to report what I witnessed yet I thought that they would think I was crazy. I stood outside looking all around the sky until 5:40 am and never saw it against. I kept going over in my mind what I saw and I wrote down immediately what I saw. I still have clear memory of what I witnessed. Was not a plane or a jet. There was no noise and no smoke left behind. I am now wondering why the Universe allowed me to witness this now; I do not believe in coincidences. I have never saw anything like this in my life. I watch the stars and planets weekly for several years of my life since I was a young child. I lost sight because it disappeared over a 2 story apartment building yet I ran quickly to keep watching it and all the several orange lights @ the fast moving flying object completely disappeared from my vision. Was not in the same direction of the DFW airport fight pattern and did not look like a military jet or plane or helicopter.
