{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-12 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524080","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4063,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/080/mufon-5524080.json","updb_database_id":5524080}
Low, bright green object

At about 7:15 pm, Arizona time, I went out my front door to bring up the trashcan. I noticed very bright "neon-green" light low in the sky to my northwest, coming from the direction of Phoenix. Thought it was a helicopter at first, because it was so low, and too slow moving to be a plane. I proceeded to get the trashcan from around the other side of the garage and returned to my front door. As I turned to open the lid of the trashcan I had been pulling behind me, the bright green light again caught my attention, as it was on a path that was approaching my home, but would pass to the north of it.

As I was noticing that there were still no strobe lights flashing as you see on any other helicopters, a brilliant red light that was smaller than but directly above the neon-green light came on. The red light took about 1/2 second to get to full brightness, then stayed bright for about 3/4 of a second, then gradually diminished over another 1/2 second and went out. The red light continued doing this over and over for as long as I could see it, until both of the lights disappeared over the tops of my neighbors homes.

The bright neon-green light never dimmed or brightened from its original high intensity. When the lights had reached a point slightly east of directly north of me here, they suddenly "zigged" to a more directly southern direction, and continued that way in a straight line until out of my sight.There was no arc to the turn, it looked more like a ricochet movement, as if they had bounced off of something in the sky and continued on without slowing down. This happened when the red light happened to be at full brightness, and so it was easy to see the sudden change in direction.

The lights never got closer to, nor farther apart from each other as they flew, so I believe the lights were both attached to a single object, but I could not see the shape of it because of the brightness of the lights.

When it was closest to me (about 1/4 to 1/2 mile)at about 300 to 400 feet in altitude, just before the turn to the south, I could see that the green light was much larger than a light on any aircraft could possibly be. I would estimate 25 to 30 feet in diameter. I kept listening for the sound of a helicopter anyway, and heard no noise whatsoever!

I didn't report this or mention it to anyone else, because I had just filed a report (my first to MUFON) with you of a sighting I had the evening before. This was a completely different sighting in almost the exact opposite part of the sky, and nothing was the same about it except the brilliant red color.

I felt like "Oh no. Here we go again! Two sightings in two days! Now even the people who believed me the first time are going to think I'm nuts!"

By the time I realized this was something strange again, I had no time to go get the camera. Believe me, I didn't want to admit that this, too, was something strange I had seen in the sky and couldn't explain normally. That's why I kept listening, almost praying that I would hear the noise of a helicopter. 

When I heard about the similar green lights that have been seen and reported to you several times in the last couple of days in this area, I thought you should know, in case it would help you to know that those people making those reports weren't crazy. It IS out there flying around, whatever it is. And whatever it is, it's not something I've ever seen before. And its dead-quiet.
