{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-10-10 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491080","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68492","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/080/mufon-5491080.json","updb_database_id":5491080}
Green disc with yellow windows. Disc seemed to be lifted by a tube of cloud into the sky

I know 1996 was a long time ago but I didn't know who to turn to until now. I was sitting in my room and looking out of the window. It was light outside still but the sun was starting to set. There is a forest behind the house and I could see the tree line from my window. As I looked I saw an object rise from the tree lines. It was disc shaped but more rounded on top and flat at the bottom. There were no exterior lights but there were windows around the craft that seemed to show a dark bright yellow coming from inside. The craft itself was a light green. Iv never been able to pin point the exact green colour but close enough to explain. The craft was rising slowly into the sky making no noise. It seemed it was being rising by a chube of cloud that met the sides of the craft and up into the sky as far a my eyes could see. I could make out the lines of the cloud tunnel very clearly. The craft kept rising until it was gone. From the distance that I saw this craft I could have a good guess by saying it was easy 100meters in length and around 50 meters in height. For me it hasn't ended there. I have seen strange objects ever since but never get a chance to take videos or photos. People don't believe until they see but I will get evidence. I also believe I was abducted in my sleep a few years back and have seen another world and the human type beings that live there. I think about it all a lot but tell myself it's crazy. I can't live in silence anymore. Please help me figure this out mufon. Thank you.
