{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-02-01 20:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549080","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6310","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/080/mufon-5549080.json","updb_database_id":5549080}
Same Object reported on 01/15/07 returns. Additional new photo taken

This report and sighting report has been filed by the SSD Steve Reichmuth.

Exact same object (only one object seen this time) seen & reported on 1/15/07 returns for 10 minutes. Another Photo taken. 4 witnesses.

Vasquez family reported earlier sightings on 01/15/07. Carlos Vasquez stepped out at 20:10 hours local standard time to smoke an after dinner cigar in his front yard. He immediately noticed the a single object (exactly the same as in their earlier reports on CMS), and quickly called out his entire family. Wife (Anna Lisa) & two daughters (Elisa - age 16) & (Tatiana - age 10). All saw the object, to their north east, slowly moving to the left (Northwest), elevation 40 degrees off horizon. Duration - 10 minutes. Elisa (16) took another photograph of object. Object again was round orange ball - about the size of a city street lamp from directly across a typical suburban street. No strobes, or flood light, and importantly, no sound. Object departed into overcast high ceiling. I estimated ceiling 4 to 5 thousand feet. I based this on two helicopters flying in area after sighting. One at 1000 feet minimums, and another seen clearly entering ceiling, guestimating the size of the helicopters, one low, the other higher altitude. 

I told witnesses earlier if the object or objects ever returned, to call me immediately no matter the time. They did! I received telephone call from Vasquez family at 20:18 hours. Object was still in view. I ran out side, but did not have a clear view from my home 4.8 miles away with many trees blocking view. I told them I was going to drive to their location immediately. I left home at 20:20 hours - arriving at their home at 20:27 hours. Object had departed before my arrival. I could not see anything driving to their location. They were all standing milling around in from yard excited and amused to be so lucky to see object again. They immediately showed me on their computer screen the latest digital photo taken ten minutes earlier - time stamped and dated. Object seen in latest photo was the same strange red lights, but a slightly different arrangement of the three lights, and framed in the photo differently. This indicated the same or exactly similar object, but was a new photo, not confused with the older photo taken on 01/15/07.

I telephoned my State director Ruben Uriarte on site.  Kept a vigil w/ family in the front yard for one hour. Husband had to turn in for work at that time, and so did I. Also it seemed inappropriate to stand around after husband turned in, even though the wife and daughters chose to stay up longer to catch any chance of object returning. Left scene at 22:00 hours. No further reappearance of anomalous object. A modern power plant is 1.58 miles away to the north of family residence. Also high power tension lines, though not in view from home. Sky high overcast. Broken clouds. Full moon. 

At 20: 35 two police jet ranger helicopters - one a B&W Bell 407 Jetcopter and the other a B&W Bell 206B-3 (seen clearly bvy me in full moon light) appeared flying at approximate. 1000 feet traveling at high speed. One flew from the west in a direct flight line to the north east horizon. Another flew from the same direction, and flew in a direct line flight pattern directly East at the same altitude. Both helicopters made sound (even heard over telephone by my state director). Both aircraft showed normal strobe light patterns. Why did they appear? Co-incidence? They flew around the same area as the object for 40 minutes. Next day, I telephoned local Police dept's (Pittsburg & Antioch). They where very kind, and checked their computers, using various 'search words'. No reports of strange or unusual airborne activity, or strange lights.  They did confirm the presence of the County sheriffs' helicopters. Indeed there was a shooting reported, and the helicopters were responding to this. So it was a co-incidence (no 'black' helicopters this time). 

Await witness photo from latest sighting to be attached here. 

I a few days earlier I closed the 01/15/07 Pittsburg sighting reports 'as completed' - the objects classified as 'Unknown'. I am now at this time reopening this case, awaiting possible further sightings.

Witnesses 'armed' with digital camera and binoculars. They are now keeping their video camcorder charged and on the ready.

Submitted by:

Steve Reichmuth
Norther California Mufon
SSD - Alameda / Contra Costa Co.
Feb. 03, 2007
