{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-21 21:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511482","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4398,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/482/mufon-5511482.json","updb_database_id":5511482}
{nd} Retired Pilot Witnesses 4 Objects North of Alliance, Ohio.

Good Evening;

I was placing items in my pickup truck for the next day. My truck was backed in my drive facing East and I had walked out my front door of my home that also faces East and was using the passenger door to place the items in my truck. I closed the truck door and pivoted to my left (now facing north) to go back in my house, when I noticed on the horizon 3 (three) objects approx. 30deg. above the horizon at an altitude of 3500msl (2500 agl in this area). The objects were flying in formation, with the lead craft in the middle and the other two craft approx 1nm back and 1nm to either side of the lead craft. I was startled. I am a retired pilot, and the reason I was startled is that I initially stared at the lead object only due to the fact that it resembled an aircract, especially a turbo-prop, with an engine fire. My eyes were obviously drawn to the other two craft as well and I did not know what to make of what I was seeing. The craft were heading due West (270deg.) making no sound. As I stated, they resembled an orange-yellow fireball with no discernable sharp edges. The firey glowing light they emitted was NO aircraft lighting as this light came from the entire craft. It was NOT light being projected onto say the fuselage or vertical stabilizer as pilots turn on below 10,000 feet when landing to light the logo or name on an airplane. These were independent craft and not one solid object as I noticed stars and upper level cirrus clouds that were covering approx. 15% of the sky at the time of the sighting between the objects. I ran into the house get my binoculars, scanning the sky eastward seeing nothing else in the sky. I do need to add that these object were VERY contrasted against the night sky, there was NO missing these things in the sky. I got my binocs and when I got back outside, there was a 4th object trailing the three, completing a tetrahedron formation as the 4th craft was trailing the lead craft by approx. 5nm. The craft were traveling at a speed, I calculated based on their distance away which being 30 deg. on the horizon at 3500 altitude, to be roughly 125kts. I must also state that these craft seemingly just appeared, as I had been facing east when going out to my truck. Also, we have telescopes and are satellite and ISS followers, so I am always staring up at the sky especially at night. The moon this evening is at 3/4 and is 75deg. on the horizon to the south southeast. The objects made no deviations in course/heading or altitude changes, there were no changes in speed. As I stated, I was so alarmed by thinking that this was an aircraft with an engine fire, but I had to take into account that there were 3 more of these things. They were traveling too fast to be lighter-than-air category man made craft. They emitted the yellow-orange light verses projecting light in a beam from say a landing light or courtesy lights. I am 50 years old, I grew up flying with my father and then at the age of 17 obtained my ratings and went on to have a careet in aviation with 10s of thousands of hours of flight time and this is THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE that I have ever looked upward and have seen something I cannot explain. I have seen every type of aircraft fly both military and civilian so I had to write. I made no calls to CAK (Akron Canton Regional Airport) being a Sunday evening, I would have difficulty reaching the tower by phone. Again, so I am writing you. Im really kind of shook up by this, I just was asked by someone the other day if I had ever seen anything whenever I was flying, you know UFOs they asked, honestly and emphatically NO Ive answered anyone that has ever asked me that question and I have been asked a lot. I can no longer answer no.

Thank you,
