{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-20 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287482","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115894","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2927,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/482/mufon-5287482.json","updb_database_id":5287482}
Detailed account of a close encounter with a UFO.

My mother and I were making a cake and were driving into town to get eggs, it's a 15-20 minute drive into town, we were halfway there when we noticed a bright orb of light fall from the sky from 200-300 mph. 
We thought it was a meteor at first, but soon after, the orb of light instantly hovered and started flying above the town of Alamosa. The orb of light flew from one side of the town to the other in an 'S' shape formation.
We were getting closer to the town and the orb of light was getting closer to our vehicle, we could see different colored lights on the craft beyond this point and still thought it could be a drone of some kind or something. I tried taking a video of the orb flying above the town but the quality of the camera was bad and I put the phone away. 
Soon after this happened, were were coming to a bridge just outside of town and couldn't see the orb anymore due to the trees. 
We got on the bridge and I saw the craft coming straight towards us, so I stuck my head out of the window. I first noticed the lights and shape of the craft, it was a triangle with three lights, each on the tips. The light on the tip of the triangle was white, and on the base, one of them was teal, and the other was red. 
I tried concentrating on the UFO itself, at one point I feel like I saw the streetlights reflection but it looked black for the most part. 
Also, as it was coming towards us, it was flying with the flat side first. 
It then turned away from the bridge and turned towards the town again, I think it flew forward with the tip of the triangle. I could still see it through the trees, it was keeping up with our speed about a block away. I was distraught about what had happened and was not paying attention to my surroundings after this. I still feel guilty for not being able to get a video or an image of the event, but feel great to be able to share it with you all. And Sorry for not reporting my sighting sooner, I did not think I would be able to. 
I will try to find the video I took of the orb but I cant promise that I will find it.
I have gotten requests for drawings of the event and honestly, I need to put more time into doing that, because I know I can I just haven't gotten into it.

Thank you again,
[ Item moved to F I Report] {tjd}.
