{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-09 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506482","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52302","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4064,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/482/mufon-5506482.json","updb_database_id":5506482}
{rjl} 4 LIGHTS HOVERING SILENTLY, ONE DEPARTS

My wife and I had left a cafe just before 10pm Saturday, 11/9/13, and were traveling north on US Hwy 27 through Chattanooga, TN. I noticed 4 bright reddish-white lights in what appeared to be a square formation apparently hovering over the (Tennessee) Riverfront area ahead, and called their attention to my wife. My first inclination was that they were candles sent aloft by helium-filled balloons, but it was quickly evident that the formation was too stable, it was not rising, and the lights were both too bright and too consistent to be candles. 
  Large, public outdoor events are frequently held at the Chattanooga Riverfront, and my first thought was that the lights were in some way connected to an event in progress. We could see the lights while driving for almost a minute as we approached the bridge, and as soon as we reached the river and could tell that there was no event taking place, I immediately pulled our car to the "shoulder" about 100 ft. onto the bridge (which is over half a mile across.) I got out of the car and attempted to video record the objects with my Iphone. (The results were of poor quality and inconclusive.)
  As we watched, the objects were completely silent. They hovered in (what appeared from our viewing angle to be) a square, oriented almost due-north/south and due east/west, for approximately an additional 30 seconds. Then the southeastern-most light slowly departed toward the southeast, apparently in a gradual ascent, until it finally disappeared into the bottom of the cloud cover. The clouds were highly unlikely to have been lower than 800 ft. above the river (1400 ft above sea level), or higher than 3000 ft. above the river (3600 ft above sea level.) (Determined by known local elevations.) 
  As the one light ascended to the southeast, the northeastern-most light slowly moved toward the south and then a bit west, leaving the remaining 3 lights in an inverted "check-mark" formation.
  After attempting to record the phenomena for approximately 2 minutes, realizing that the results were going to be poor, I decided to try and take still photos instead. During the roughly 15 to 20 seconds that I was looking away from the lights at my phone to re-set it from video to still mode, the objects disappeared. They had appeared to be rising, though barely perceptibly, when I looked away. The lights were in our constant view for over 5 minutes in total.
  I believe the low-level clouds were descending as fog (a common occurrence locally) and the lights disappeared into them. However, as bright as they had been, it would have been normal to expect a slight glow for at least a few moments as the lights would have been enveloped by the cloud, but there was no glow. 
  We live in a regular flight path of the rescue helicopter from Chattanoogas large regional trauma center. We are very aware of the sound of a helicopter, even from a distance of one to two miles. These objects produced no sound, whereas 4 helicopters would have been obvious. Moreover, there was no rotor-reflection glow, and it is highly unlikely that 4 helicopters could have hovered in such relatively close proximity to each other.
  I looked for other reports of the incident but found none. Due to a hectic schedule, I failed to report the event in a timely manner. Recalling it today--10 days after-- I decided to record the incident while the facts are still fresh in my mind.
