{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-20 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282482","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120970","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/482/mufon-5282482.json","updb_database_id":5282482}
White Light Swelling in Night Sky

Sunday evening, I was sitting downstairs with my husband and dogs watching a tv show. In between episodes, we usually let the dogs outside, so around 9:10pm, I had gotten up and taken the dogs upstairs and let them out in the back yard. It has been pretty cold during the evenings, so I haven't been walking out with them (just standing at the door waiting for them to finish), however it was a bit warmer, so I walked down the back door steps and faced directly North to look up at the night sky while my dogs finished up. It was a little cloudy that evening where almost all of my view was covered in clouds, but they were fairly wispy and thin that you could still see stars through them. What I noticed when first looking up, was what looked like a large light reflecting off of some clouds slightly in my right-hand view (almost like there was a spotlight but it wasn't that bright, wasn't too defined, and was just a small strip of area in the clouds...it didn't look like there was a source to it.) Thought maybe there's a plane coming from the small airport from the North and they had a light on for visibility purposes, so I didn't think much of it after that. I continued looking around for a few more seconds and was just thinking about my day, when I looked down at the ground and sighed really big. Immediately after sighing, a bright light caught my attention just up over in the sky left to where I was previously looking (directly in front of me). I looked up and was looking to see what it could have been when there was another light that appeared to come from nothing (there were no smaller lights - flashing, blinking, strobing, etc - or anything in the sky that was visible or indicating an aircraft). The light was a completely solid white. It was as white as I could describe white to be and what would happen is the light would start from nothing in the sky and swell up, I'm talking from the size of what the stars around it to the size of an aspirin in the sky. The way it would swell was not like a quick flash or a strobe - it was like slowly taking a really big breath in, holding for a split second, and then releasing that breath. There was no wavering or fluctuations in the light either as it swelled, which I would have expected being that I was looking at it through the clouds. The color was solid and had very defined, solid edges of what looked like a perfect circle. I immediately began waiting for another swell to see some consistency in timing, to possibly narrow down if it was an aircraft. I counted 6 swells over maybe just a minute or two, but there was no pattern to the timing and was sporadic. I thought, maybe the clouds were really dense in this one area at the time it happened, but I could still see stars through the clouds. It was also hard for me to tell if the object was stationary or moving slightly to the East due to the clouds (not sure if clouds or object was moving). It completely stopped after 6 swells. I waited a bit longer and then headed inside maybe after another minute or so. When I walked back inside, the clock read 9:10pm. I thought it was interesting and was thinking, ok...maybe it was a plane or drone (didn't really think that when actually seeing it but was trying to approach it logically).

It wasn't until later that same evening that I was getting ready for bed that I really questioned what it could have been, because I ended up seeing that same light again at 12:41am at the front of the house. At that time, I had taken the dogs outside again and put them up in their room for the night. I always go around and check if all of the doors are closed and locked before getting into bed. While at the front door (mostly a window door), I looked out into the open sky (East and relatively in the same angle in the sky) and within 5 seconds of standing there, there was one swell of pure white light in the sky again. Nothing else. Just the one and that was it. I again waited for another minute or so and never saw anything again after that.
