{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-29 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507482","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51216","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/482/mufon-5507482.json","updb_database_id":5507482}
{rjl} 3 orange orbs traveling from ne towards sw that eventually faded out

My husband and I were exiting our local Foodtown by foot around 8:15 P.M.Sunday, Sept,29,2013.
Upon exiting the parking lot onto Wikoff Place, I looked up at the trees across the street and saw a large orange, glowing orb. I immediately said to my husband, "Whats that?!" (although I was pretty sure I already knew)It was larger than a star or a planet and the color was not what you usually see. The night was crystal clear and there was a lot of plane activity - small and commercial planes, so we had lots of things to compare it with. I even looked straight up and was able to see a satellite moving over us in a NW to SE direction. It was very clear.
 As we walked towards Maple Ave. (Rt. 35), getting away from the trees, we noticed there was a second one to the left of the first one I had spotted. Both were traveling slowly towards the west/sw in an identical flight pattern. If I had been holding a yardstick arms length away in front of me, thats how far apart they appeared from our perspective. They were randomly pulsating orangey yellow light. They were moving at the same speed which was slower than the airplanes around us.
 The one to the left started moving either upward or just started getting smaller and its light got smaller in diameter and eventually went out alltogether. From our perspective, it was hard to tell if it was rising or just fading out. The second one followed the same scenario.
 We started walking north on Maple Ave. and less than 30 seconds later, a third one appeared out of the NE and followed the exact same path as noted above. There was no noise and the edges appeared fuzzy, no solid surface was detectable, just a bright orange glow.
 When the third one disappeared as the others had, we scanned the skies but did not see any more. I noticed on your map that reports say 5 to 8 of these were seen in the NY/NJ area so maybe we caught the tail end of the sightings.
 I thought is was very cool and I was excited. My husband went right to the computer when we got home, which was only three blocks away from where we saw them, and googled "orange orbs in the sky". Several youtube videos came up of very similar sightings to what we saw. I will be watching tonight to see if they return.
