{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-18 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460337","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100917","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2853,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/337/mufon-5460337.json","updb_database_id":5460337}
witness from house 1500ft above sea level. saw these lights many times.

house was located 1500ft up on mountain in qualicum beach behind cameron lake. lived there for 3 years and saw these lights several times over that duration. decided to take video one night and turned out better than I expected. Could see better detail with the camera after pausing and zooming in. usually it was just one light and it would always seem to apear from between the cracks at the tip of two mountains that had ice on them across the water behind Powell River. always when the sun was just going down. at times it seemed like it was the last of the sun light flickering off the ice as it went behind the mountain side except once the sun was completely gone the light would stop being stationary and start to hover sometimes up. sometimes down, left and right.sometimes would stay still for nearly half hour, then always looks like it flickers out. never just disappears. fades out. one time it went across the coast line. the light would actually light up the inside of my house with a glow miles away.I had a very odd angle to be able to view this. it must be a hot spot because one property lot away there is a huge astronomy station like one of the big silo type telescopes. 0 light pollution up there so very clear view of the sky.it was usually just one light but i think this was the only time that there were 2 lights. i am standing on my porch taking the video and I am facing the provincial parks in powell river. it is windy and there are a couple light trees in the view line as sometimes it seems the light is flickering but it is the branches blowing past. there are a few videos i am sending shows their reflection off the ocean. the last video shows i zoomed in. i didnt realize how good the film was until after i looked back and paused and zoomed in.
