{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-20 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502337","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56669","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/337/mufon-5502337.json","updb_database_id":5502337}
{nd} Please read below

During early 2014 I was traveling back from Alabama on I-20 heading east 
towards Georgia. It was around 2am to 3am (EST) myself and one 18 
wheeler were the only ones out on the roads. The 18 wheeler was about 1-2 
miles behind me and could only be seen when we were on a straight section of 
I-20. About a mile to 11/2 miles before I reached the 205 exit between 
Heflin and Ranburne Alabama I topped the hill and far in the distance on my 
right side I saw the most extreme bright white lights lighting up the entire 
side of the road and pasture. I was very confused as to what I was looking 
at. At first I thought that there may have been an accident and the police 
and rescue response were trying to recover vehicles....but then I realized 
that I didn't see any emergency police or fire department colored lights and it 
was extremely quiet. I began to slow my speed as I approached closer and then 
I noticed the lights that were shinning straight through the tree line onto 
the interstate had not not only risen to above the tree line but had also 
turned from pointing towards the road to pointing towards to ground. I 
immediately stopped my car in the middle of the interstate. I looked in rear 
view mirror to see where the 18 wheeler truck was in relationship to my car 
because I wanted to make sure that I was wasn't going to get hit and also I 
wanted to make sure that I wasn't the only person who seeing this. The 18 
wheeler had also come to stop about 1 mile behind me and had his cab door 
open and he also had not pulled off the interstate. When I looked back 
towards the area where the lights were at.... The lights were just about 
tree top level and pointing towards the ground. The next thing I knew It was 
completely dark. I then was very confused and began looking about the sky 
for any thing that could have done this. Still very confused and extremely 
scarred, I noticed a huge... Huge!!!! Triangular shaped object that had a 
rounded edges where the point of a triangle would be. There was no sound at 
all and no lights on this object were seen now. This object remained about 
tree top tall as it passed over my car heading extreme north west. This 
object was as large as a football field if not larger. And was about 50 to 
60 feet thick. I could clearly see the pattern on the bottom and the sides 
of this object. I sat at a full stop in the middle of the interstate feeling 
completely terrified and violated and again looked behind me to check and 
see if there was any other traffic that the was going to hit me. The truck 
was no where to be seen and he was only about 1 mile behind me and was 
stopped with his door open only moments before. He couldn't have made an 
exit off the interstate because the 205 exit in front of me was the only 
exit off the interstate for a few miles. This left me dazed and confused. I 
now realize that I have time missing from when I saw the object in the field 
about tree top tall with its lights on and when it was coming over my car 
without any lights on. When I finally pulled myself back together and began 
to drive slowly home I realized that the time was now 4:12 am. I have been 
VERY terrified ever since this occurrence and I can't stand it now when 
night comes. Please help me understand this so that I can once again go to 
bed and lead a normal life. I almost immediately began to have extremely 
terrifying vivid dreams about aliens tracking me and I have an unsettling 
feeling that I am being watched. I want you to know that I am not crazy and 
I have no psychological medical diagnosis. I do not take any medications 
that would cause me to see anything or cause me to lose any time periods. I 
am 47 years old and I am an RN with almost 30 years experience working as a 
nurse in the ER, ICU, and Dialysis. I have searched the internet almost 
daily to see if anyone has reported anything similar to my experience. 
PLEASE contact soon. I can't discuss this with anyone. I can't take the 
chance that I am thought of as "crazy".
