{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-29 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457337","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104235","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/337/mufon-5457337.json","updb_database_id":5457337}
{tjd} A single solid boomerang/V-shaped object with no lights or change in shape flew/glided quickly overhead at 3AM.

I work overnights at a local gas station and was scheduled for a short shift, which saw me leave my workplace at around 3AM. At the end of my return walk home I stopped in my driveway to admire the stars as the night sky was particularly clear. Not long into my viewing I caught sight of an airplane to my South flying a North Eastern path. Despite there being no other sounds the plane was not audible to me.

While observing the plane I noticed movement directly above me and caught sight of a boomerang/V-shaped object which was moving rapidly in a West to East direction. Initially I thought I was observing a floater in my eye or something on my glasses, however I quickly noticed that it was in fact moving across the night sky and blotting out starts it passed in front of. As I continued to observe the object's shape I considered it could be a commercial glider of some kind, however the lack of lighting on the object combined with the time of the event (roughly 3:10AM) made me skeptical. My immediate next thought was that it was some kind of animal, as the color appeared to be brownish (potentially a trick of ground lighting reflective off the object from below), and it did seem to have a lighter color towards the ends of the "wings". I'd liken the coloring to that of a moth. However, the object didn't change shape or orientation at all indicating no flapping of wings, and lacked a bulky midsection to indicate a central "body", thus I do not believe it was an animal.

It is difficult to gauge the size of the object as being overhead in a clear sky meant I lacked a clear frame of reference. With the clarity I was able to get in shape and color of the object given the lighting circumstances combined with its decent rate of speed from my perspective, I surmise that it was at a low altitude and that it was not a particularly massive object.

As for how I felt at the time, it admittedly triggered my fight or flight response, as when I began thinking it might be an extremely large bird (or some other animal) I had an urge to retreat into my home. I fought the primal urge and observed it until it was obscured by the treeline.

To recap, a large dusty brownish v-shaped object with no lighting flew silently overhead in a straight line at a low altitude with no visible adjustments in shape or orientation. I have not the slightest clue what it was that I saw, other than I definitely did see something. As this event was of a short duration and more exact details are scarce given the angle, lighting, and sky conditions, I'm not hopeful there will be an answer to what it was I saw. Perhaps however if anyone else in Central Minnesota was looking up at the night sky at around 3AM on October the 29th, 2019 and saw a similar object, this corroborates what we saw.
