{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-03 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491337","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68237","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/337/mufon-5491337.json","updb_database_id":5491337}
{cak} Hovering 747 without Wings......Alot of Questions.......No Answers

Well, I1m not sure what1s going on for sure now! I reported, just a couple of months ago, about what myself, brother, and cousin had seen over 35 years ago, and now, myself and thirty five year old nephew saw the exact same thing! 07/03/15, approximately 9:30 A.M., not a cloud in the sky we both saw this thing not more than 1000 yards from my house! We both saw this thing hovering over Clear Creek just south of my house: 
We had just headed south on FM 2164, from our driveway, headed to work. I looked down the road, toward the Clear Creek Bridge crossing, and saw this long, 3001 plus object in the sky, just above the tree line on southeast side of the bridge. About 800 yards was the distance, at the time we first saw it. At that time; I thought 1man that jet is flying low1! In a few seconds I noticed it wasn1t moving and it had no wings! Object also looked too long for its diameter. In other words; it looked like a 747 without its wings! It was also very, 1vivid1 and had what looked like an aura surrounding it. It was like looking at something in the desert with all the heat waves. But the heat waves were not obstructing the view of the object, they were surrounding it. The skies were really blue that morning and again, not even a wisp of a cloud. I really don1t know how else to explain it. It was like it jumped out at you; like watching a 3D movie. Anyway, we watched this thing for a few more seconds as we headed toward it. Neither one of us are saying anything about what each is looking at. I haven1t said anything because I1m still not sure what I1m looking at. Later, I asked my nephew why he didn1t say something sooner and replied; he also wasn1t sure what he was looking at until we had reached the bridge. As we approached the bridge, it couldn1t have been more than 400 yards away when I realized, for sure, that this wasn1t an airplane or any other object I could identify. As we were crossing the bridge it became hidden behind the trees. Before I could say anything, my nephew said; 1What is that1? I said; 1I don1t know but were fixing to find out1.  When we got to the other side of bridge and beyond the obstruction of the trees, it was gone. It was out of our sight and behind the trees for less than five seconds! We could see in every other direction for miles and it was gone! Just on the south side of bridge and right below where this thing had been hovering was an Air Conditioning Contracting Crew working outside at a house. So we pulled in the driveway and asked if they had saw or heard an airplane crash or land nearby, about 20 seconds ago. They replied that they hadn1t seen or heard anything but said; 1we weren1t looking up1. So, I and my nephew got back into our vehicle and continued toward our destination. Being perplexed about what we had just seen and experienced, we started talking about it. After talking, we had both saw and experienced the exact same thing! Now, this is strange! Nothing, we know about, could have got out of sight that quick. Its shortest path to get out of our site was more than two miles away. I know this because I GPS1d it. It would have had to gone over two miles then jump over some trees! That would put it travelling well over 1000 mph to make that distance in that amount of time. I1ve never heard of a blimp, closest identifiable thing it resembled, going that fast. We even talked about how this thing might have cloaked itself. I say this because, as I mentioned earlier, it didn1t look right. My nephew also concurred. The object was too vivid and around it was blurred. I called it an aura earlier so you would get the idea. Thirty Five years ago I see something, don1t tell anyone and never see anything else even suspicious. Tell someone, (you guys), and within a couple of months see another, 1identical1, thing! What are the odds? I also wouldn1t be saying anything about this, but again, there were others, my Nephew, who saw the 1exact1 same thing I did. So, I1m pretty confident we couldn1t both be delusional at the 1exact1 same time. What would be the odds? And, this is not lights in the sky! This is 9:30 A.M. in the morning without a hint of a cloud in the sky! In other words; there is no doubt in what you saw! You just don1t know what it is! You know; the first time I saw this exact same thing 35 years ago, I really didn1t give it much consideration. I was just a teenager at the time and I think I might have questioned myself about what we had seen. But now, I have a lot more of life to reflect back on. I am a SCADA Engineer, have patents on 1ELF1 devices, and outdoorsman my entire life, etc... My dad was also an inventor and patent holder of the 1electronic, current sensing, motor protector1, (1973).  So, I have been around cutting edge technology my entire life and this makes 1NO Sense1! I know what1s real and what1s not. I know what1s possible and what1s not. This shouldn1t be possible unless there is something I and evidentially most people don1t know about! It1s driving me crazy! Thought I had a good handle on things. Evidently not! If there is anything you can tell me, I1d appreciate it. Thanks for listening.
