{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-24 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508337","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50154","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/337/mufon-5508337.json","updb_database_id":5508337}
{nd} 5 orbs over Queens, NYC

Just pulled into the parking lot of Resorts World Casino in Jamaica Queens, NY. My wife and I were sitting in the car in the parking space when I observed a single light in the sky brighter then Venus which we saw during the drive there. I told my wife during the drive that Venus is the brightest object after the moon in the night sky. We talked about it because the prior night she was telling our daughter it was the wishing star... so i was telling her what it actually was. So in the parking lot, I saw this bright light red/orange light to the west and knew it wasnt Venus. Due the closeness to JFK airport, I thought it may be a plane on approach. From our house on Long Islands south shore, we see this every night as the airliners approach from over the Atlantic and then turn west towards JFK almost over our house. I didn't see any strobes or flashing lights that you see on any aircraft. About 45 seconds after seeing it, 2 more orbs appeared out of nowhere. We could see the distant tree line and the additional orbs did not come from behind the tree line. Then about 15 seconds later 2 more appeared for a total of 5. They moved from about 25 degrees on the horizon to almost 45. then the lead orb abruptly turned right (north) at a right angle. It moved a little further very slowly, then stopped in a hover. The next 2 continued to move towards the first object then the last 2 moved closer. The original object never moved for the remaining 4 minutes or so, while the remaining 4 moved constantly, but very slowly. They all disappeared one by one with the original orb being the last one. The color did change from red/orange to orange/yellow as they got closer. The whole time we saw the objects, there were several aircraft that were observed both further away and closer and ALL of those aircraft we could see their strobes flashing. We never saw a strobe on any of the 5 orbs. I did get out and take 2 photos, zooming in as far as I can while resting the camera on the concrete base of a light pole. This was the second time in the last 14 months I have seen 5 orbs in the western sky. The first time was over Farmingdale, NY about 2am 14 months ago. That time I shot 4 minutes of video with the same Sony Cybershot camera. I havent figured out how to compress it yet to post the video. The pictures from last night are attached. I am a aircraft buff and have a strong knowledge of all types of aircraft, and I have no idea what it was that I saw but am 100% sure it was NOT an airplane or helicopter.
