{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466337","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94375","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4218,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/337/mufon-5466337.json","updb_database_id":5466337}
2 ufo observed by late husband and self Sept 1968 Victoria Australia

Whether or not you believe my personal story is neither here nor there as it happened so long ago and compared to some stories it is probably not such a big a deal, but I will throw it out there just because it would be good to get it down on paper. So, this is actually for my own personal journal plus a friend told me to report it as I never have before.

In 1968 around 10 pm. My husband, my baby son and myself were travelling up Mitcham Road, Victoria Australia on the way home from having dinner with my parents. 

I was sitting behind my husband, holding onto the carry basket in which my son was sleeping. It was very clear September night and I was looking out the right-hand side window, we of course we drive from the right over here, when I noticed a very bright moving object in the sky over the brick works.

The brickworks in those days was a small factory on about 8 or so acres of land. Which in retrospect would look like a big black patch except for the slight glow from the ovens in the middle of suburbia.

So, I said to Pete, 1it1s a bit late for light aircraft to flying isn1t it?1. Peter look out his window and answered, 1that is not an aircraft, where is its beacon1. We parked opposite the brickworks and decided to get out of the car and watch this brightly lit flying craft.

Now Peter was ex RAAF, having spent time in Malaysia during the campaign over there as a trained plane spotter. So, he could tell you any aircraft's identity even from a silhouette against the sky, He was also a trained pilot who flew light planes on a regular basis and at one time for a living.
 
We stood and watched this craft as it hovered at about 6 or 7 hundred feet high. It could have been higher. It was moving or hovering very slowly and seemed deliberately to be going in a north westerly direction. I looked back toward the car, after all we had left the baby in his carry cot, and noticed another similar shining craft behind us. It was stationary. 

We stood watching them for about 20 mins. The one behind us was pulsating from bright orange to white. The one moving looked like a vehicle with all its lights on.

After about 15 mins the one behind us pulsated very brightly. I saw it because I had turned around to check the car again. Then it sped off straight across us at tremendous speed and disappeared over the horizon. 

The other just kept moving very slowly across the brickworks.  It was literally crawling across the sky. About five or so minutes later it pulsated like the other one. Bright Orange to Gold then to a dazzling white, hovered for a second and then sped off at incredible speed. It was gone in an instant toward the north west.

We stood there stunned and then went home.  As soon as we got in, Pete rang DCA, Department of Civil Aviation and asked if there were in planes flying in that area. Of course, the answer was no. No light aircraft up after sundown in those days.
Next day he contacted Jay Row Helicopters at Moorabbin, to check their flying schedule of the night before and again they had not had any craft up.
He contacted a friend to check whether or not if the Airforce had had anything flying that night from their Sale base, and again nothing.
As Pete said, 1I knew that they were not known aircraft, but I just had to check1.  Nothing was reported in our local newspapers. So, all I can surmise is that we actually saw two U.F. O1s 

I have no idea what we watched that night and It has always remained with me. We were laughed at a few times, so in the end we just kept it to ourselves
