{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-20 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510337","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48066","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/337/mufon-5510337.json","updb_database_id":5510337}
(GS) Saw UFO when I got out of my car and turned the corner of my building to head to apartment. It was stationary with definately 3 half globe amber lights (possibly 4) kind of like night lights or parking lights

I had just gotten home from a small group Bible study where they surprised me with a birthday celebration. I parked the car in front of my apartment and talked to God by thinking, "God, it would make a perfect day if I could see a UFO tonight." (At the same time I was thinking in silence, somehow, I also had the feeling it would probably happen.) When I turned the corner of the building(my apartment is located on the side of the building), I saw the UFO up close and personal!
 
The UFO was totally black against a cloud cast night sky. It was a disc approx. 90 to 100 ft. in diameter. The outer ring of the disc had a very thin profile but from the center of the disc there were 2 to three levels of profile jutting out from the center above and below the disc. 
As I do not own a camera cell phone I decided to just look at it and memorize all the details I could gather so I could sketch a picture.

It was stationary, hovering above the tops of the tall pine trees across the main street from my apartment complex. I would say it was probably less than a football field away from me. The craft had 3 half globe amber lights that I could see and from the size of the craft could have had four but the center profile of the disc may have obscured the fourth light from view. The lights were a soft glow, almost like a soft amber night light.

I observed the craft for approx. 5 minutes and had taken in all the detail of the craft I could. So, I telepathically thanked them for the most memorable evening Ive ever had, walked to my apartment and went to bed. 

I don't know how long the craft stayed. I was never scared or excited at any point; very much at peace. Somehow I knew they were there just for me and were peaceful. However, I decided not to wave good bye because I didn't want them to think I was ready to meet them face to face quite yet!

That evening I noticed there were no cars out driving on the road or in the complex that couldve seen it as well. It actually was a bit odd that there werent cars on the main road at that time of night either. It was a sight to behold!
