{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-07-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485337","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/337/mufon-5485337.json","updb_database_id":5485337}
large lighted structure in the middle of the Atlantic ocean at night

This happened one night back in 1991 while I was a volunteer on a Mercy ship traveling from Los Angeles, CA to Riga, Latvia. The sighting occurred in the middle of the Atlantic ocean. We had travel from Los Angeles to the Panama Canal, crossed from Pacific to Atlantic. After I would say a week since crossing the Panama Canal it was when the sighting took place. We were traveling on a refurbished war world 2 freight ship. So it was not a fast ship, after the sighting it took about 4-5 days more to Germany. Since there is not much to do while at sea, me an a group of friends (5 - 6 witnesses) went out side to the quarter deck of the ship one evening (around 7PM - 8PM). We were talking and looking at the ocean, when all of the sudden a large lighted rectangular structure appear on the ocean surface. I recalled the structured just appeared. It didn't land or surface, it was as if someone just turn on the lights. It had several color of light and they appear to be position on a sequential way and it was cover with light from top to bottom. I don't recall if the lights were blinking on static. Since it was at night and at sea, sizes and distances are hard to acquire. Also the rush of adrenaline since we had been trained to always report if we saw something close to the ship as there are risks of accidents. The ship I was traveling was close to 300 feet, and the structure seem enormous. I will guess it was about 5 to 10 times bigger then our ship long wise and about 3-5 times taller. It seems just to be there, we all were alarmed and started to wonder if it could be a gigantic ship, but it looked too big. We had seen cruise ships before at leaving port at night and this didn't look anything like it. The size was also something that it was just not a ship. It was also practically just a huge rectangular shape or a net of lights. The lights were big and I would guess it had about 500 to 1000 lights, all distributed in a sequential or neat pattern. After for what it seem to be a minute, we realized we needed to inform the flinging bridge crew. My self and another friend, ran up the stairs to inform the crew and when we walked into the flight bridge and you could tell they were alarmed. The First mate was giving orders and the situation seem a bit stressed out. Once we could talk, We told them, we saw something big with lots of light very close to the ship. The first mate or another crew member (don't recall who) told us that it had all of the sudden disappear from the radar. We stayed there talking with the crew and wondering what it was. about 2-3 other crew members at the flight bridge had also seen the structure and where making arrangements to communicate with whatever was near by. They had seen it on the radar, but quickly disappear from the radar and also visually, as if someone just had turn the light off. 

Regarding the location: I wrote Domican republic as this is perhaps the closest thing I could find on the map. But the sighting took place in the middle of the ocean. Perhaps there should be an option for oceans in the country list as well. 

We (the witnesses) talked about it and we all had seen the same thing. Unfortunately this was back in 1991 and neither one of us had a camera. I don't know how ship logs work, but it would be interesting to find out if this was documented. I would also like to know if you have any similar reports. 

I have added a couple of images. 
Picture 1 of the trip and approximate location of sighting. 
Picture 2 comparison between ship and lighted structure in the ocean. The images was put together using images found online and also remember the sighting was at night. 

Please let me know if you have any questions,
