{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477715","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82434","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5343,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/715/mufon-5477715.json","updb_database_id":5477715}
{dr}It reminded me of old Bell H 13 Helicopter from the TV show Mash but a little longer tail section mixed with the look of a small submarine like the SEAmagine Aurora. It had a large black glass bulb in front with a metal structure as the tail with rea

There were five of us laying on top of a shed roof looking at the stars listening to the radio and talking about how we had the whole summer to play because school was out. We were 5 boys I will not use our names But B was the youngest at about 9 years old S and G were both were about 12 and R was about 16 and K was the oldest at about 17 years. B woke me up and was scared pointing in the direction of the UFO and he looked frightened I tried to calm him down in case he fell off the roof so that we would not get into trouble because he was the youngest and our parents would go ballistic and we were all in sleeping blankets on a small roof which made it hard to move around. He was just pointing behind me and saying what is that, what is that, what is that light and I heard a voice that said in English calm him down and tell him everything will be OK and it was a very Authority like voice in my head and while I was trying to calm him down he was pointing over my shoulder and I turned and there it was the craft I have mentioned. R one of the older boys was suspended in the air flat as a board still in his sleeping blanket. I just stared at it and B was still behind me waiting for me to do something about the situation. I was just memorized by the black bulb where the voice seemed to telepathically emanate from because it was still telling me not to panic and everything was going to be OK no harm was going to be done to us they were not going to kill us or take us and I felt calm and was just focused on it and not B who was just huddled behind me. I started asking it questions with my thoughts and not my mouth on what they were and what they wanted and why did they have R floating near them. It told me a lot of information very quickly and I cannot remember all of it, but what I could gather is that they lived a million billion zillion miles away and have been around a long time and we were not that important to them supposedly because we were like flakes of skin in that we had a purpose or function, but it was not a great importance, as the brain is, compared to flakes of skin (I hope this makes sense remember I was only 12 and this was 1982) I started asking lots of questions as in, because why and I do not understand and explain it to me and then I felt B panicking and yelling again because he was frightened for me because to him I was just silently sitting there staring at the craft and as I looked across the shed I wondered why no one else was awake but us two and the voice told me to just go back to sleep and not to worry about B and that is the last thing I remember until the sun woke us up at around 5 to 6 six in the morning. We all got off the shed and headed back to the house B started asking everyone what happened the older boys told him very angrily to shut up about it and when we went into the house and went back to sleep and we slept for at least 18 to 24 hrs. and our parents tried to wake us because they thought we were sick or something because we should be running around watching television and playing. We never really talked about it to anyone else as far as I remember and it was just put aside like nothing happened because we were OK so what was there to complain about. 
It reminded me of the old Bell H 13 Helicopter from the TV show Mash but a little longer tail section mixed with the look of a small submarine like the SEAmagine Aurora. It had a large black glass bulb in front with a metal structure as the tail with real bright white lights maybe 4 like flood lights. It just hovered about 15 - 20 feet away from us made no noise. The black glass bulb front was real BLACK as in a real shiny Onyx stone. The metal looking tail structure where the lights were looked more like the outer structure of a small sub or helicopter because it had the lights attached there and sort of metal beams like the helicopter tail but stuck to the body of a small submarine but hard to make out because of the bright flood lights blocking my eyesight from that body and tail section. The front had no lights just this big black glass bulb as seen on the helicopter or small submarine and if anyone was sitting in it I would guess the bulb part could hold 2 people comfortably. The body or tail section once again hard to tell because of the lights but was not to big so maybe another two people. The whole craft was about the same dimensions as the Bell H 13 helicopter. The Glass bulb part was Black and the body was a dull gray metal.
