{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502715","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/715/mufon-5502715.json","updb_database_id":5502715}
{cak} Stationary star-like object drifting away.

This is only my second sighting but i think it is the most exciting one. Ive never told anyone, due to being called crazy and such, so this is my first time writing my story so bare with me =)

It was about 1 AM on a really clear night in the valley and my girlfriend and I had a couple glasses of wine and relaxed in the backyard on some blankets looking up at the stars. My girlfriend falls asleep and annoyingly I am wide awake. I am on my back looking straight up and for some reason I keep finding myself looking at a particular set of stars in a triangle shape. They didn't seem any different than any other star in the sky. But for some reason I lay there scanning the sky while wide awake and keep finding myself scanning back to those 3 stars. I have been following MUFON for years now and its a habit of mine to always keep an eye on the sky, just in case, and still nothing was different about these 3 stars but i was almost compelled to watch them. I finally doze off for maybe an hour and I wake to my eyes being fixed once again on them and I can't stop thinking them. at least an hour goes by and I'm watching planes go by and playing with my cat and I suddenly get a strange burst of emotion and feel again compelled to look at those stars. I was happy. It felt crazy strange but i starting smiling and feeling a ton of joy and as i watched them, the star on the bottom right starts to drift to the right. I moved slow but not in a straight line. It would move upwards and then downwards but never and jolts of movement. I followed it through the sky for about 45 seconds and it never changed shape. Just looked like a star. I was nearly in tears by the time i lost it over my house. 
The more i think about it I feel that whatever entity that was in control of the object wanted me to see it. Its hard to explain the feeling i had when i was compelled to watch it. I have researched many many sightings but not often do i hear of sightings like this so it is exciting to share it all with you!
The truth is out there!
