{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-01-05 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469715","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90799","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/715/mufon-5469715.json","updb_database_id":5469715}
{cak} Me & a friend observed a unusually bright star. We then had a triangular craft fly right over us. It then proceeded to fly up and over the tree line. Made no sound except for a low humming vibration that was felt in our bodies. There's more to the

Ok let's begin. We were visiting a friend of ours who lived in the apartments next to where the ufo encounter started for us. We visited for awhile and then our friend went to bed. At that time it was really late, way after 2am. We were both into astronomy and so we decided to sit on the ground next to the apartment(west side of building) and stargaze. We were looking at the stars and admiring the beauty of it all. And it's important to note that from our vantage point we were looking in the eastern sky. After about two hours we were looking up I noticed a white star that seemed a little unusual. It was bigger than all the rest of the stars and there was something about it that didn't seem right and it got my attention. I told my friend to look at the unusual star and so we both starred at it. The star was up about 40 to 45 degrees from the horizon. We were starring and watching this unusual white star for at least 30 minutes. As we were watching this unusually bright star, the rays of the star began to get bigger and bigger. Which we both looked at each other in amazement and astonishment. The rays of what appeared to be a bright white star began to almost come directly at us or it appeared that way. As this was going on the wind began to pick up and we heard some rustling in the tall dead grass next to us. We both got a little frightened after that since the rays of the star was unusual enough. We both proceeded to get up from sitting on the ground and try and see if our friend that lived in the apartment was still awake or not. We were going to tell him about the unusually bright star. We couldn't get anyone to answer the door that early in the morning. We then proceeded to go knock on another person's door that he knew that was directly across from the other apartment we were just at. At this point a few hours had passed. As he was opening up the metal screen door to his other friends apartment I was behind him. Something caught my attention and we then both turned around looking up and witnessed a large object coming out of the sky. We both were in amazement. We walked out away from the apartment and slightly towards whatever was coming out of the sky. Then all I can remember is that there was this blackish grey triangular craft gliding over the top of us. Time seemed to slow down at this point. As it was going over us I got a good look at it. It had one small red light directly in the middle of the craft. It had three slightly larger white lights on each corner of the craft. I also noticed that there was multicolored lights moving in between the white lights. Like in a pulsating pattern. I remember as the craft was floating over us we both were saying, "wow" in total amazement and astonishment. I remember feeling that there was this low humming vibration going through my body and concentrating in my chest.(later on my friend confirms this as well)There was a really low sound but this may have been this low humming sound/vibration. As it floated over us I remember watching it float/glide away from us and again it seemed like an eternity as we both watched it float away. I remember feeling sad that it was going away. We then watched it float up and over these nearby houses. It was moving very slow. In my mind I was thinking that it almost looked unreal at how it was floating and moving up and over the houses.
We then frantically went back to his car(Chevell) and got in. We just sat there with our jaws open and not saying a word, except for "did you see that". As we were pondering in disbelief as to what just occurred we both started to feel as though we were telepathically communicating with each other. This was shocking and scary to us. We almost couldn't look at each other. He then said that he just saw some symbols on my forehead. Which was really strange to me. And if the ufo encounter wasn't strange enough. We sat there in his car for a long time trying to take all of the experience in. We were both still in a state of shock. We both agreed that we wouldn't say anything to each other about what we just experienced and that we both would draw on a piece of paper what we saw when he dropped me off at my house. At this point I remember as we were sitting in his car that a trash truck was coming up to the apartments and began to take the trash. We both thought this was unusual and we were thinking why a trash truck would be working this early in the morning. So at this point the time had to have been in the early hours before the sun was to come up. He then proceeded to take me to my house and drop me off. There wasn't alot of talking between us as we were still trying to process what had happened to us. When we pulled up in the front of my house we both agreed to draw what we had witnessed. He got out a piece of small paper which I think it was a receipt and he ripped it in half. He gave me a pencil and we both began to draw what we had seen. We then looked at each other's drawing and it was an exact match. A triangle craft with one light in the middle and three on each corner.
We just sat there in disbelief. We said our good byes and I went into my house to go to bed since it was getting light out. 
So that's the main part of the ufo encounter me and my friend had. 
Now on to the rest...
The next afternoon we contacted each other on the phone and as we were discussing the incident some very unusual memories began to emerge. For one we both remember seeing the highway and a bunch of red tail lights going north on the highway. There was a bunch of emergency vehicles going north on 55hwy. And the memory is up in the air somehow looking down and north towards the highway. Also the tail lights seemed blurred or elongated. But was definitely a birds eye view of the highway going north. The strange thing is is that from where we were at at the time of the encounter there's no way physically possible to see the highway. This is very strange to me. 
Another strange thing is that about a week later I was working as a janitor at a school mopping the floors when all of a sudden this thought of a blueprint of some sort came into my mind. I don't remember what it was or meant but I talked to my friend at the time about it and he said the same thing happened to him. So that's a mystery as to whether it was related to our encounter. And we weren't sure whether we was abducted but we may have been. That would account for seeing the tail lights go down the highway.

One final note I want to add is that my friend said that after he dropped me off he went into the 711 right up the road from the apartments and there was emergency personnel in the gas station talking about something. I'm assuming they got word of the incident from it being reported or saw the craft as well. 

I'm also willing to take a polygraph test if necessary.
