{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-28 21:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503715","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55208","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/715/mufon-5503715.json","updb_database_id":5503715}
{dr}Was driving and saw lights above the trees to my left.

My wife, my 4 month old baby at the time, and I were going back home from a friend's house. The road we were on is a windy road and not too traveled especially at night. That night my kid kept crying quite a bit on the way back home. Our total drive time from my friends house to my house takes about 25 minutes. Well half-way there, I started to notice lights coming from the left side of the road. Those lights were like many strong flashlights moving in all different directions. I felt really confused and couldn't make out if I was seeing those lights or it they were a glare in my eye (kind of like when someone shines a bright light in your eye in the dark and those glares you get in your sight right after those lights turn off). Anyways, as soon as I began noticing those flashlight like lights, I asked my wife if she was seeing what I was seeing, but since she always sat in the back seat to take care of our baby daughter, she wasn't really focused on the exterior. I was really confused psychologically and was trying to see where all those lights were coming from and then I decided to look above the trees when I saw a huge light shine over the trees down to the ground. ( I did not see the light hit the ground, but I felt it shine my face and our vehicle) I was confused and terrified instantly thinking it was a helicopter taking off and I screamed, "oh @#$%, oh @#$%$." My wife put her hands on my shoulder, since she was right behind me and told me, "it's ok babe. Babe! BAbe!" 
I kept driving, still confused, weak and disoriented, but I could see the light shining over our vehicle. My wife noticed the strong light that lit up the whole car, but she never looked up or outside. In the blink of an eye, the lights were no longer there. There was no sound, no lights in the distance or any trail of where they went. I am 100 percent sure it wasn't the lights of a plane or a helicopter since it was way too close to the ground and there are no flat level ground for a helicopter to land in the area I saw it in. The whole way back home, I still felt confused and wasn't sure of what had just happened. My kid stopped crying completely and my wife and I were speechless too. I went back several times after that in the day to try to make sense of what we saw, but there was no signs of anything. Every day after that one, I think of what I saw and I know it wasn't something common. My wife and I have never told anyone about this, since the first thought that anyone might think is that we are crazy and dumb.  I know what I saw and it stays clearly in my head. The times and location have not been forgotten like everything else that I live through. I have bad memory, but this even sticks. I don't expect anyone to believe me, nor am I seeking for someone to look into it. I just thought I can put it on here so someone can maybe relate to this. What did I experience?
