{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-02 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495715","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3065,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/715/mufon-5495715.json","updb_database_id":5495715}
{dr}3 bright red lights forming triangle, moved horizontally before vanishing

On March 2, 2015 at 7:20 PM, I was backing out of my driveway, preparing to drive south to 7/11. When I looked in my rear view mirror, THREE bright red lights, forming an elongated triangle shape, stood out immediately in the sky.

Right away I knew it was something abnormal. The three lights occupied a large portion of the horizon behind me and were brighter/wider than the traffic lights I could see north of me. There's absolutely nothing in the area that could have created those lights, no towers or tall buildings. I parked across the street to photograph it, alongside Fresno High School and diagonal from my house.

The three red lights moved in unison giving me the impression it was a single object. It went from west of Palm street to east of Palm before staying stationary in the sky. The lights moved horizontally. As I proceeded to get my camera out, the three reds lights faded out one by one. First the top most point, then the bottom right point and finally the bottom left point. About 10 seconds after the lights faded out, a small airplane flew across the area in the sky I was looking towards. I realized the red lights were very high in the sky compared to the position of the airplane, which came from NE and flew SW. A single picture was taken as the final red light faded out.

I was excited to see this object because on Feb. 24, 2014 I witnessed TWO V-Shaped objects hover over my neighbors house and over me at a very low altitude (which I reported, MUFON CMS # 54312). Those objects had the same big red lights under them as I saw last night, but this formation gave me the impression that it was bigger than the objects I saw last year.

I lost sight of it when the three red lights faded out one by one. I couldn't make out anything between the lights. I stood in the street and looked for 5 minutes, but couldn't see anything. The entire event lasted about 1 minute from beginning to end. My girlfriend was with me the entire time and saw the same lights I did. I used 2 google map images and ms paint to illustrate what I saw and where it moved.
