{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-17 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489715","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69895","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/715/mufon-5489715.json","updb_database_id":5489715}
Stationary, very far and then it moved very close.

I was in the balcony of my penthouse in Condominium Torrecielo in Santurce Puerto Rico taking a rest with my eyes closed, suddenly I raised my head to the horizon in front of me, when I saw the object I started to analyze what was it because I was leaving in that place around one year, every night I was in my balcony look at the sky before get to bed and that was the first time I saw something like this. When I saw it at the moment I thought in military flying saucer. I took my DV Cam and called to my wife to have a witness and confirmation what I was looking and started to recorded. The object was stationary a little farther in line direction to the Mu1oz Marin San Juan Airport and one airplane was landing in that moment. When I started recording and called my wife the object started moving in line to the north slowly, it has a rectangular lights were white and in clockwise motion, then it started moving to the south and south west as it was finished its mission until I lost in behind buildings. I had my apartment1s lights off for not show visibility inside and I release my camera. Around three minutes I had released my camera my wife looked thru the window to the south and told me... is that what we saw? then I looked two second thru the window and I saw it nearby us... the object has in the bottom a circular cavity into it with lights around it inside the cavity, the object was flying in super slow motion over the Minillas Government Building exactly beside our building, In that moment my wife told me that she was afraid. I tried to get my camera but I forget where I put it also my room light was off and I didn1t thing to turn the light on. When I got the camera I went up to the roof it was gone or disappear.
