{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-21 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493528","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65988","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2818,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/528/mufon-5493528.json","updb_database_id":5493528}
{jpg} Star-like object traversed night sky; High frequency pulsing light; Definitive start & stop points

The event occurred at an outdoor event held at Frank A. Theis park near the plaza in Kansas City, MO. I was attending the even with my girlfriend, when I noticed a star-like object pulsating at a high frequency. In relation to me, the object appeared to be ~45 deg. above the horizon to the south of my position. It also appeared to be at great distance, and probably ex-atmospheric. 
  When I observed the object, I wondered if it would move, and promptly upon thinking so, it did. The craft began to move from a standstill, and traversed the sky very slowly (approx. 2.5 deg. every 60 sec); moving a total of about 25 deg. The observation of the craft lasted about 10 mins. total, at which point it seemed to blend in with the stars and disappear. 
  I had noticed a distinct feeling about the night in general. The moon was brighter than almost any other time I've seen it. The stars were also unusually bright, and the sky was perfectly clear, which is unusual for the city. When I observed the craft, it seemed to be watching the event and keeping its movements subtle to avoid detection. 
  I was able to distinguish this object from a star, a plane, or a satellite. First, the frequency of the pulsating light was fast and irregular and seemed to change when the object began to move. Second, the object appeared at a standstill, then began to move, and later came to a stop again. Thus, its movements would clearly distinguish it from a normal satellite, because satellites are either geostationary or follow regular orbits around the earth (i.e. they don't start and stop). Third, the light was pulsating at a frequency that appeared to be 10-20 Hz, which is much faster than any aircraft strobe light; aircraft strobes only flash about once every couple of seconds. Only the pulsating white light was visible; no red or green lights were seen. Therefore, it could not have been any type of conventional aircraft either. 
  This leaves two possibilities. Either the craft was an extra-terrestrial craft, or it was some type of experimental exoatmospheric man-made craft with powerful maneuvering capabilities.
