{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-23 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290528","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112815","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2933,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/528/mufon-5290528.json","updb_database_id":5290528}
At least 2ft by 2ft tall and wide orange orb

I’ve had a couple of strange things happen this week. Night of Monday 23rd

I let my dog around 10:30pm at night.
I seen a orange glow with hints of yellow/red like a fire would look like. Seeing this orange orb through my wood fence at the corner of my backyard where the 4 yards meet. As it was on the ground of my neighbors yard in the corner seeing it through the fence I thought it was the neighbor having a fire. But looking around everyone’s backyard was dark and no noises. Besides who would have a fire in the corner next to wooden fences. 
Freaky so just I shut my door and went back to my room. I thought how weird that was.
Thinking all Tuesday 24th
I went out to look around 
And nothing unusual, the 
Slat in my fence is about 2 inches wide as it’s bowed where I seen the orange orb. From what I seen it was on the ground, about 24in tall could have been double that for width.
I witnessed the glow of the orb in a large area.
I was 64ft approx from my back door to site at fence.

Then that night Tuesday I fell asleep as usual with the tv on but I’d turned the volume all the way to 0 just to have the screen on as I fell asleep but no sound.
Then in the middle of the night maybe around 2:30am with just the tv screen on and no volume 
I was awakened the first time to hearing some kinda static, a weird freaking sounds almost also like a frequency or noises. 
Not sure where it was coming from, it was just in my bedroom. 
It stopped so I laid back down and fell asleep.

I then am awakened a second time from these strange noises and sounds. Same thing, it wakes me up. I listen for a few moments and it stops.
I just laid back down and fell back asleep.

Then I am awakened that morning about 6:45am up from a dream and my heart was pounding.
The dream,
I look out my front living room window to see a
black van parked in front on my house and then had a knock at my door, looking out seeing two men in black flashing a badge. But each time I asked who they were through the door they wouldn’t answer. Then as I’m standing there in the dream. Shocked I see my deadbolt and door handle locks turn and open
Then I woke right up with my heart pounding...

Very strange events over those couple of days 
And strange event happened since
