{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483528","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76348","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3888,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/528/mufon-5483528.json","updb_database_id":5483528}
{cak} 2.5 hours of audio of the event including voices responces both English and NON human as well as sounds of the procedure /craft. Please call me. JC

April 19 20016 I was working in the shop separate from the house of a distance of 100 foot. I had begun working about 3 pm that day until almost midnight when for unknown reasons I was drawn to the side door. (Cell phone was recording from a previous video I made of the shop. The phone was set down on a cluttered work table along with my firearm.) I felt as if I was in a fog. I then woke up on my back on the drive way to my house absent my cell phone and firearm 3 hrs later with my keys separated into both hands and the neck of my jacket pulled down to my elbows limiting my movement. Seeing the stars and the outside garage light I knew where I was and alarmed yet could not understand how I got there and why I was on my back side. I used my keys to get in the house and noticed light coming from my elderly mothers room and surprised she was awake but groggy with my pittbull in bed with her. I immediately asked her what time it was and she replied 3:20 am and she asked where my phone was (I didn't know) and then asked where my side arm was (again I didn't know) 

At this point I think I freaked out a little and threw my keys from a loss of words and then began to tell her its here it got me its evil and it did something to me I've lost three hours and that my Aunt who had just passed away was right. After regaining some composer we both went into the garage where she covered me with her side arm from the garage door so that I could retrieve mine. Barn lights were off, door was unlocked, fire arm and cell phone recovered yet battery was depleted. Once back inside we took pictures of my back my head and my arm because it hurt to the bone when touching the skin. I had multiple red dots almost the size of a penny on my upper scalp and strange markings on my back. Mother had the shape of orions belt and another dot on the back of her right arm.

The next day I charged my phone and noticed I had 2 hours and 29 minute blacked out video including human and non human language as well as sounds of me fighting with something verbally with responses. You can also clearly here my dog deeply barking from inside mothers room yet she does not remember any of it and cant believe she slept through the helicopters that had been circling as well as some ungodly loud deep pulsating hum descend and then ascend twice. We have a boot prints high on the door of the shop and very strange huge boot prints in the gravel as well as very small feminine prints in front of the shop. 
I myself am a military trained combat vet as well as the rest of the males I descend from. I have three hours of missing time and a 2.5 hour recording of some of what happened to me.

Someone needs to contact me from your organization with the cell phone number provided I will submit the audio/video and the photos to help me get more answers as something was clearly done without my consent. If it had not been for the recording I would have not known other people and other nonhuman entities were performing a procedure on me. My identity needs to remain anonymous as this was a joint operation not just a close encounter. thank you. JC
