{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-08 17:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521528","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34719","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4094,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/528/mufon-5521528.json","updb_database_id":5521528}
EXTREMELY LARGE DISC/CIGAR OBJECT TAKES UP ENTIRE LENGTH OF FULL MOON AND DISAPEARS

I am traveling east bound on Old York Road at approximately 5:15 pm. I had just entered the border for Harford County, Maryland from PA. There is a full moon almost directly to the left of me, and a setting sun in the opposite direction to the right of me. There are some high-thin clouds, but it is a relatively clear night 1 and the setting sun is still providing quite a bit of daylight, while the full moon outside of my car window is big and bright. I am glancing at it every 15-30 seconds 1 traffic is very light and this allows me to take a 1 to 2 second peek at the beautiful, rising full moon. 
If directly above me is 50 degrees, then I would put the moon to my left at 10-15 degrees above the horizon and the sun to my right at about 5 degrees above the horizon 1 the bottom of the sun was just touching the horizon basically. The positions of each are important to understand the amount of light and what I was able to see. 
Then, I look at it - and notice something obstructing my view. It is somewhat thin and black and at a tilt 1 the thing is I only see the left side of the object where the moon1s left surface ends. I roll down my window, the object is still there 1 but it appears to be moving slowly across my view of the moon. It looks like there1s a big dark scratch on the moon, but it1s moving from left to right. 
2 seconds later, this thing, still on a slant, is taking up the full length of the moon from my position 1 which has not changed because the road is fairly straight on the part where I am driving. Then, I only see the object, apparently still moving from left to right, from towards the middle of the moon to its right edge. Another words I don1t see the entire object anymore 1 almost like it is circling the moon.  The right side of it I now cannot see 1 but given the amount of light, and how large it appears to be, I should see something. 
Now, if this were an airplane, due to its size (at one point it took up my entire view of the moon) then it1s length would suggest to me that it was close enough to me to be able to distinguish other features (and see pulsating lights = much as you do when you see a plane cross the sky). If it were a plane that was too far away for me to distinguish, it would have had to have been MUCH smaller 1 not large enough to be the entire length of the moon. The other disturbing thing is, it1s definitely an object that took up the entire length of the moon from my perspective. However, I apparently did not see the left side of it as it moved into view, nor did I see the right side of it as it passed from left to right. It was absolutely light enough for me to be able to see if it were an airplane. And, if it were too dark, I should have seen some sort of airplane lights 1 there were none. It basically disappeared as quickly as it appeared, even though it appeared to be moving somewhat slowly. 
I continued to look in the direction of the moon for several minutes, and to the right of the moon, to see if I would finally see some airplane lights so that I had an explanation for what it was. I saw no air traffic whatsoever. 

I would love an explanation to what I saw, or even some logical suggestions. The experience is definitely freaking me out 1 I1ve NEVER seen anything like it that I could not explain logically. (Airplane, balloon, meteor, etc). It was definitely massive.

I can provide sketches if requested.
