{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-23 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103922","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3818,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5457646.json","updb_database_id":5457646}
{jpg} Unknowingly caught on stereo cameras. Appears to be some kind of aircraft.

I am a 3D photographer. I was out one day photographing clouds. Although clouds are too far away to be seen in 3D, the forground can and so makes interesting 3D photos especially if the clouds are interesting . I have a two camera rig with the cameras mounted on an aluminum bar. One camera for the left eye and the other for the right. To catch an event I fire both cameras at the the same time to make the capture. During the course of my photographing I load the the images into my computer and there they stay until I decide to process them. Sometimes I never process them or I do it at a later date. Such are these photos I am downloading. I process them into anagylphs which are photos viewed with red/cyan glasses (remember the old 3D movies). Please google anagylphs for more info. When after processing the anagylph it clearly shows some kind of small craft and I do say small. I thinking a ufo can be small and the beings inside also? Remember the Twilight Zone episode about the tiny aliens harassing some unfortunate person. That was the first thing I thought when I saw the photo. I would think maybe it was just a camera glitch but the object shows in both the right and left photos. So it can't be the cameras in my opinion. Upon processing the anagylph I was startled to see the object in 3D no less. The object is close maybe 25 ft. or so and about 30 ft. or so above the ground.You can only appreciate the photo except to view it with the glasses in 3D. I have never really believed in ufo's. But this photo has me thinking for the first time. I can say the object has a strange shape. You just have to see it. It is a metalic grey finish. It looks like no bird, plane or insect. Nothing I have ever seen before or after. I am loading the right and left images as well as the finished anagylph. I have no desire to gain financially from the photograph. I just want your opinion. You really need the glasses. I will send you a couple pairs if you like. Free of course as the they are real inexpensive at about 40 cents a piece. Just let me know. Feel free to call me [number moved to FI section/CMS/jpg] (if I miss the call please leave a message). I would like to discuss this with someone on the phone. For your info the first image is the left and the second one the right. The third is the anagylph. The first two photographs have the same number but they are are two different cameras. If you look closely the two photos are slightly different because each camera has a slightly different perspective of the scene. So really google 3D photography and it all will make sense or call me,I'll explain it. I'm thinking this could be the first ever 3D photo of a ufo. I do have another first as the only person in the world to photograph a tornado up close and I mean close. Close enough to knock me to the ground. 
Thanks, Ron Johnson
