{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-09 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67915","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3082,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5491646.json","updb_database_id":5491646}
Alien in room during night, many flying objects on sky different in size and shape.

Last night after 3 AM (local time), in half-sleep, when i tried to turn over in my bed i become paralyzed. I couldn't even open my eyes, or breath. After about 40 seconds of struggling, i manage to open my eyes enough to see that i am still inside my room. I saw human like figure standing next to my bed. It was between 1.40-1.55 meters tall, dark-grey skin, 3 long fingers on each hand, big black eyes. I was unable to see it's feets because it was standing next to my bed, and bed sheets was covering both of his legs.
 Few seconds after i manage to open my eyes a little bit, i hear my brother (which bed is next to mine) take a deep breath, like he wasn't able to breath certain amount of time. I watch that creature directly into eyes and suddenly i wasn't paralyzed any more. It turned head and looked trough window. When i realised that i am no longer paralyzed, i stand up and approach to window, i wasn't afraid of alien creature behind me. I look trough window and saw many flying ships on sky going over top of next building (20-25 m high). Flying objects was different in shapes and sizes. I wasn't anymore in my room, i could see approximatly between 300 and 400 flying ships. Surface of flying objects was black without any reflection. But borders of windows (or i don't know what exactly, square shape) was glowing with light blue or yellow light. I hv seen it so clear, any border, bend, nut or window on that flying objects, without any blur or fog. So many flying ships was surrounding me, i only could see earth beneath. Shape of ships was irregular square, triangle, and smaller ships was arrow like with flat nose. Biggest ships was around 30 x 20 x 150 meters, and have something like landing pads for smaller ships. Triangle shaped ships was very similar to B2 military aircraft, but double in size and with flat nose. Medium size ships was grouped around biggest ships in circles, and around that in formation was placed triangle-shaped ships. All ships was going in one direction in formation like fleet of some kind.
 Next thing i remember i was in my bed at about 8 AM (local time). I asked my brother about last night, but he doesn't remember anything because he was in deep sleep, but my Mother hear something sneaking around the house last night, but she assumed that was just the wind and continue sleeping.
 I didn't report anything to authorities because i am to afraid to do that.
