{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-04-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2406,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5504646.json","updb_database_id":5504646}
{kt}Dome with giant looking windows. Not transparent looking windows.

My daughter and I were fishing out in the country, about a couple miles from the city line at a canal about 4pm. We were there about an hour when I looked to the south and seen this dome like object hovering toward us. It was about 300-400 feet south of us and about 75-100 feet above ground. As I stared at it for about a minute and I asked my daughter, What is that? We both stared at it as it was hovering really slow toward us. After we couldn't figure what it was and confirmed something I've never seen before, I told my daughter to reel her line in as I did. Our toyota pickup had a sliding window on back of cab. I started to drive forward at first as I didn't want to head toward it by going into reverse but realized I'd be heading out farther into the country if I went forward. As i drove in reverse and seeing it thru window of truck, I seen it change in direction and started hovering to the east. As I got onto the paved road and am now looking to the east, I did not see it anymore. When My daughter and I arrived at home, My wife was outside and saw us get out of the truck and noticed something was wrong as I was scared and somewhat in shock and confused. She says it was written all over my face that something had happened or was wrong. I have only mentioned it to a few people as I didn't or still don't think anybody would probably beleive me althou I think most would simply because anyone that knows me, Knows I am an honest person. I know It's been a long time but have always been willing for someone to hypnotize me about this incident so even myself could see what all reactions, descriptions and or any info we may gather from what my daughter and I witnessed that day? I now live in Wisconsin. Thank you. Jose
