{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-11-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7016,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5525646.json","updb_database_id":5525646}
time adjust receivers , gravity butoon and adjust radars

from polykarpos spentzas radio officer a m/v pothiti/swjc cuba 1978-1979
one ufo and two small, no noise , whites like clouds ,(plantier theory explain why no noise arround ufo their atmospere) 5n.miles from ship and time delay about 2hrs and 40 minutes i checked with time signal 

Wilbert Smith (former Head of Canadian UFO Project "Magnet" 1950-1954) Dr.Paul Santorini: Greek physicist, "Manhattan Project" scientist (Santorini had been a developer of the proximity fuse on the first A-bomb and held patents on guidance systems for Nike missiles and radar systems), born 1893 died 1986. He researched UFOs in Greece in 1947, after several sightings over Thessaloniki (my town) on 1-Sep-1946, thought to be Russian missiles flying over Greece. In a Feb-1966 interview to journalist K.Meraneos of national TV/Radio, he reported that "Ghost rocket" UFOs investigation in Greece was stopped and results were suppressed, after intervention by "foreign officials" (USA). He also refers to French Plantier and his hypothetical gravity-like "Plantier force" and his "flying saucer physics" are very close to the ones outlined by Paul R. Hill. James M. McCampbell e-book Ufology I Ch.7 Flight and Propulsion" and Effects of UFOs Upon People (.PDF)

stop

from greek radio operator m/v pothiti/swjc close cuba 1978 and 1979

stop

from book einstein hls life and season , of the phillip frank
pages 107-108 to see paradoxe of twins time delay

But then comes out of the two basic assumptions of an Einstein

entirely new property of chronometric devices

is not consistent with traditional views. A clock

is in motion, whatever its construction, work

slower than another clock that same property. It is a natural

phenomenon may be right or not, but who has nothing

the <>.

 Einstein even suggested a method that would allow us

To confirm directly the hypothesis that experimentally.

He suggested how people can use as a natural

Watches, emit electromagnetic waves as specified

frequency. This frequency of swinging can serve

like a natural time unit for the individual, and the frequencies of a

group of persons property within the laboratory can

107).

compared with the rate of one other group of people moving

with great speed. This comparison can be made with the help

the spectrometer .* The radiation of defined frequencies

emitted by the atoms forming distinct spectral streaks

the photographic plate, and place the ribs varies

depending on the frequency. The result of Einstein could

To determine whether spectral streaks of people

in motion were slightly shifted toward low

frequencies, ss compared with the spectral streaks of people

that property. The experiment was carried out in 1936 from the

H. Ives, laboratories Bella Telefon, New York, and

result was consistent with the view of Einstein .**

 This phenomenon should certainly be the dilate of what

phenomenon called Ntoppler-Fizo *** and involving

also change in frequency due to movement of people. Moreover,

Einstein phenomenon is independent from the direction of

movement of people, the phenomenon depends Ntoppler

completely from the direction: the shift is greater

value if the movement of people is in an opposite

direction from the direction of the velocity of the mirror

framework lasso light.

  It was something very "impressive" when Einstein

argued how the heartbeat of a human being

And such a kind of clock, and that the pace of rings

can therefore be affected, and he from the traffic.

 Suppose an individual property F the heart of



* An instrument that captures a photographic plate in bright

spectrum (solar spectrum, spectrum of hydrogen, oxygen, etc.).

** Experimental confirmation of this principle in a way

panegyric was in 1959 in the U.S. (SM).

*** This phenomenon Ntoppler - Fizo, as is known, we

allows to detect whether a light source is removed

is coming to us. Thanks to that measured velocities

very distant stars with great accuracy. (SM).



108)

beat 70 times per minute. If this same move with a

velocity v on F, the heart will beat 70 / k

times per minute. But we must take into account that this

about 70 / k times as measured by a clock attached to F.

If measured with a clock that travels with

man, the clock will be delayed while the chimes of

heart will always be 70. After this same delay

observed in across the whole metabolic process of

body can say how the man moves

with the system L 1aging1 less than another

located in F. This may be obvious new,

but this novelty is not enough at all to understand

 108)

the emotion aroused by the new physical theory in a very

public. Actually caused the impression that all

Our knowledge about the universe suffered a strong shock.

 At the end of 1912 for the first time I understood how the theory

Einstein on the "relativity of time" would be

create a sensation around the world. At that time I saw

in Zurich, in a Viennese newspaper, entitled: "The minute

is in danger, a great mathematical eidisis

science ". In this article a professor of physics explained

the stunned audience
stop
please the solution is crew reflecs heart 70/2hours and 40 minutes due time move slow , there fore no send mayday or speak very slow to coast station , or send mors key very slow like star tiger 1948.
best rerards 
greek radio operator a m/v pothiti / swjc cuba after sailing from porto matatzas and port cartagenas cuba phenomeno of time delay for many hours
our reflects reduced and we se indicator of gyrocompas and mechanical watches , automatic watches see/looks to return very quickly but realy
our reflecs reduced hour heart go slow 70/2 hrs and 40 minutes so all seamens thinks that indicators of compass or watches return qucickly, but really their heart go slow that is the key for our solution because i checked with time signal and see what realy happened stop
therefore many equipments for ships aircrafts must modificate and fixe new
with time adjust for receivers , gravity button for radars, mechanical hard auto pilots so hard in order to work close ufo when time move slow
and probably gravity more than 1g

best regards polykarpos spentzas greek radio office a merchant navy
