{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31182","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4015,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5524646.json","updb_database_id":5524646}
i was inside the ship

First off, I can1t write about the technology they had because it1s not the point nor important according to the beings. What is the point are the messages i received. These being come to me when I1m in bed but I feel them all the time and can get messages from anytime almost.

I have come across three beings at different times, There is this guy with white curly clean looking shiny long hair, he has bigger eyes than us, but the pupils are grey with white on outside. He wears a white cap, his uniform is also white with gold trimming on the shoulders chest and neck and by the ribs. He has some kind of marking on his forehead, but it has a light on t so i can really see it, he has a staff that looks like wood he stick it out towards me i can see he has a ring on is finger its silver with a grey sphere, he also has what looks like a white arm strap or arm band, this arm band has silver sphere1s or small domes on in going around it. He is very strong i can see his arm muscles. He also has a glow or light behind him. He tells me basically to worry about my soul, to work as much as i can on my soul, to be as nice and kind and helpful as i can be, to change better. He tells me not to worry about worldly things he says it1s just a distraction from my goals. I have to stay focused. To be as pure as i can be. To talk and reach out to all who will listen.

The second man I encounter is a younger man. He has long brown curly shiny hair clean looking. He also has a light behind him and on his forehead, he also carries a wooden staff, he is not as big muscle wise as the white man. He has a grey uniform on with gold trimming on the shoulders chest and neck and by the ribs. He was tall. He had brown eyes. He also has a cap. This man talks more open with me, he just gives me ideas or suggestions or thoughts he is not as firm as the white man. He just gives suggestion or thought and ideas.

The third being I encountered was a female. She had long blond shiny hair. It was not curly, it was straight she too had light behind her and on her forehead. She also was wearing a cap. Her uniform and cap was a tan color with gold trimming on the shoulders chest and neck and by the ribs. She also had a wooden staff. She had blues eyes. She was tall. She seems to be a messenger or maybe a transporter? Or to get info from one being and give it to another, so it seems. When she approached me she had her staff out then dropped her head. She then lifted her head and with both arms to stuck her staff out to me with both arms horizontally as is bushing towards me. She then dropped it a little but, then suddenly push it into the air and began to spin her staff around really fast t to the point where I almost didn1t see it, when she was done what looks like a star map or a galaxy appeared above her, I could see the map I don1t know much about stars or maps or anything like that but I remember it somehow, she then pointed to a place on the map then to another with a few second pause she pointed back to her original place. 

I have a picture of what I think it1s the 1star map1 I saw I based this on this because when she pointed the first place she pointed to was almost on the outside of the star map and the second place she pointed to was almost but not in the middle of the map.
