{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-19 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5249,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5452646.json","updb_database_id":5452646}
Two 28 y/o's witness the star Vega moving around relative to the Lyra constellation for over an hour. Other objects + Military Craft

Charlie and I walked north of my grandpa's house in Commerce along S 550 Rd; we planned to walk to Kansas and back (would take a few hours tops.) We did not make it to Kansas: we had to stop and lay down in the road to watch the "star" that Charlie had noticed was moving around.

The sky was cloudless (except briefly during the middle of the sighting, but the "star" could still be seen through the thin clouds.) Up to this point there was already a lot of activity in the sky; we counted some 10 shooting stars, and had noted the slow orbit of a bright satellite -- things like that.

So when we had began to watch this star move we pulled out his smartphone and checked the star map. We figured we should be looking at Vega... but it was not acting right. We debated its lack of twinkle ... maybe it's just close and bright? We debated that maybe our eyes were playing tricks on us... but when we watched the other stars, nothing moved like "Vega" was moving. It moved inside and outside of the perimeter of the star triangle (Lyra?) that it should only be INSIDE of. Charlie's judgment began attempting rationalizations, but my perception that something different was happening poked holes in his attempts. 

Charlie had noticed the fake-Vega first, and he was also first to notice the dark shadows moving around it. We both saw the dark objects were moving up to, interacting with and then moving away from fake-Vega. The dark objects were very hard to track with our eyes, as they would only reflect light subtly and occasionally.

Fake-Vega was there for more than an hour. Looking closely for long periods of time it appeared to be sometimes a vertically-aligned disc or a Saturn-shaped object on its side. I would catch glimpse on what seemed to be a larger hull that held the point of light that our eyes affixed to. These glimpses gave me the impression that I was looking at something very massive. It seemed like the space around it was darker and a bubble of grey pushed out around the dark orb. Charlie could not see this detail. He would start to rationalize it as perception-tricks, only for fake-Vega to seemingly respond by circling another star.

This makde me think that it was trying to communicate. I became very excited. This was an extremely stimulating experience. I will not leave the details of my behavior here for public posterity, but welcome further questions and divulgance in private. I asked Charlie to record for posterity our reactions. I thought he would, but he did not. He thought it was pointless in the dark. In fact he had begun demanding me to take him home. Even when I offered to let him take the keys and walk him to the edge of town and let him take my truck... he would not ease off. He wanted BOTH of us out of there.

So we began walking back to my grandpa's house, but it took a long time because every 5 steps I am looking up and noticing new things. The fake-Vega seems to move in a relative "southerly" direction relative to Lyra, as if its moving with us towards Commerce -- against the normal rotation of stars. At this point we have spotted maybe 6-7 of the dark objects buzzing around and out away from fake-Vega. But when we got to the end of S 550 to where it T-s off onto E-50, we noticed another dark shape moving fast south-ish to north-ish. When it crossed over us and headed toward the horizon where the big dipper was hanging (at 4:30am) to our north-west. We did not see any lights on the craft until it passed us. Then we realized we must be looking at the thrusters on the back side of an unlit/unmarked jet. It acted man-made in every way except being silent and unlit.

We had three sightings of at least 2 individual jets before my friend literally DEMANDED we return to town.Fake-Vega was still floating around even with the jets swooping back and forth. The jets made me more nervous than the fake-Vega did. I relented.

It was daybreak by the time I got back to Commerce. I did not sleep at all that day and went back out there between 10pm and 1am the next night. Saw nothing at all out of the ordinary.

The next night (of 5/20) I was in town and was watching Space X star link satellite chain when I thought I saw something like the shadowy smaller craft. The city-glow made it hard to tell and I saw nothing else that night, despite returning to the country for the 3rd night in a row.

The last notable event was a loud low-flying dark military helicopter flying over Charlie's house last night at 12:30am. (5/21/20)
