{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5489646.json","updb_database_id":5489646}
{dr}Something came down over my home but there was no sound, just blinding light. When it left an hour had past.

In early April, 1994, my son and I were watching television, the news had just started, so it was about 5 p.m. and all of a sudden a blinding light came down over my home. My son and I jumped up and I grabbed him and held him close. There was absolutely no sound. I felt like my brain was racing and my chest was hurting like there was pressure all around us. I couldn't seem to move or think. My son was shaking uncontrollably. When it finally left I sat on the floor and just let my breathing slow down. My son wouldn't say a word and just kept shaking his head. That's when I looked at my watch and saw that it was an hour later. I also realized that my dog was quiet and my cats were hiding. 

The next day I tried to talk to my neighbors about it but everyone told me that I needed to be quiet about it. They wouldn't say anything to me.  Two days after it happened, a man came and said that he needed to inspect my house for the landlord. I told him that I hadn't been informed by the landlord so he couldn't come onto the property. He left and I figured that was the end of it. No such luck. The same guy followed my son and myself into town the next day and then followed us home. When I got into the house I knew that someone had been there. My dog was locked up in the back yard and he was whining. Our horse was running around her pen so she was agitated.

I was so mad that I tried to call the sheriff's office but the phone service was dead. I was scared and I locked the doors and loaded a gun. I kept my son home from school and didn't go anywhere for a week. My phone started working two days later, but by then I no longer wanted to talk about it to anyone. My son has refused to ever talk about it. 

When I saw your "Hanger One" show tonight I decided to finally tell someone.
