{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-14 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35890","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5520646.json","updb_database_id":5520646}
Bright orange star faded and you could see a triangular, silver-white craft with sequential red lights circling the edge of the triangle. Was hovering at about 10,000 ft. Later descended and went by my window at under 1000 ft.

I got up to go to the bathroom around 1:00 am. I thought, "I should open these venetian blinds a little so that I can see out." (At night I keep all of the blinds shut tight in order to provide another layer of dead air to insulate against the cold coming in.) As I opened them a crack, there was a very bright orange star hanging nearly at the Zenith. I thought, "Oh, Jupiter." But then I thought, "Jupiter isnt Orange like that." I kept watching to see if the object moved any. After watching awhile, the brightness decreased and I could see a tiny white triangle of light with small red lights surrounding the edge. The red lights started to cycle around the edge like on the old theater marquees. This was all very tiny, maybe at the altitude of 10,000 feet. Other than the light show it didn't move out of place for quite awhile. So I thought if thats all the show Im gonna get, Im going back to bed. (By this time Im pretty jaded, I have had 8 or 9 other sightings starting about 10 years ago.) When I got in bed I looked up through the open blind toward where the object was located but could not see the object. Before I gave up looking, the object sailed gracefully by my window, from left to right, probably at an altitude of less than 1,000 feet and I estimate about one quarter mile from me horizontally. The apparent size during the fly-by was 3/4 inch held at arms length. I wasnt excited per se because this is old hat with me, but I was grateful to have been invited to see it. There is no way I would get up to go to the bathroom and think on my own "I think Ill open the blinds..." Its interesting that none of the ten craft I have spotted in the past ten years is remotely like the others in size, shape or color or behavior.
