{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-17 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64819","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3130,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5494646.json","updb_database_id":5494646}
{rjl} Stationary starlike object hovered for approx. 20 minutes, then disappeared.

On the night of Friday, April 17th, my wife felt compelled to look out our back window, which she typically does not do at night. She called to me in a panicked voice, then pointed out an object hovering ~30 degrees above the horizon, due west, which is the direction our back window faces. It was brighter than any star to my knowledge. I am an avid stargazer.

We spent the next twenty minutes going over possible explanations. I 
kept it oriented with stationary objects, and as far as I could tell it did not move. It also seemed to maintain a constant distance.

We avoided drawing conclusions and continued to observe, noting that the object pulsed softly, and that the color of the object changed from white to orange-red.

While discussing the details, having temporarily averted our eyes, we were surprised to discover that the object had disappeared. I immediately checked north and south, also checking to see if the object had gained altitude. There was no sign of it. The time between last sighting and disappearance was about 1 minute.

This topic has gained significance in our lives of late due to my wife's experiences. After the sighting, after retiring on Friday night, my wife was awakened (She did not check the time on this occasion) by the rattle of a hanger she had left on our Cocker Spaniel's ([name redacted;trb]) pen, which sits under the bedroom window. She noted Kinzie sitting in the middle of the pen, not near the sides, looking at my wife. My wife then panned her view across the room and noticed something move past the dim light coming from the cable box, which we cover at night. Thus, the light was dim, but enough for her to tell it was blocked as if someone had walked by. She did not discern a shape.

My wife has had increasingly strong feelings of presences in our room at night, sleep disturbances about the same time at night (Just after 1AM and 3:30AM), and unexplained marks on her body. The latest of these is a circular pattern of marks on her left buttock having no explanation. This pattern was noticed just this morning, April 19th.

If there is any follow up by a MUFON researcher, we ask that the greatest care be taken to protect our anonymity. We are both degreed professionals, trained in objective documentation of evidence, though for the same reason have sensitive careers to consider.
