{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-07-15 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52111","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6231,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5506646.json","updb_database_id":5506646}
{cak} Bright sun-like light

It is now 2013. In July 1982, about 3:00 pm, I was driving a taxi cab in St. Paul, Minnesota. I dropped off a fare, then drove to the nearest cab stand to park and wait for the next radio call to pick up another fare. The cab stand was at the corner of Rice Street and University Avenue by the Sears store, a very busy intersection for both cars and pedestrians. As I pulled onto the cab stand, I saw the sun in the sky shining directly in through my windshield, about 30 degrees above the horizon, shining VERY brightly into my eyes. I thought "oh great!" But then it started to make me feel good all over inside, which I thought was nice, but as the seconds passed, it kept making me feel better and better, and as more seconds passed, I realized that it was making me feel absolutely wonderful! The more it shined on me, the more the feelings of wonderfulness grew! AND IT WOULDNT STOP! It kept on and on, growing and growing in strength, pouring into me as if it were filling me up each second with more and more... "love?", for lack of a better word. In fact, I don't think there is a better word for what it was filling me up with than love! IT WAS LOVE! And the love kept right on increasing, more and more each second, and even though I was completely flooded in the rapture of this beaming sun, and loving every second of it and wishing it would last forever, I still was able to realize that something very out of the ordinary was happening here, so I started looking around at all of the traffic and pedestrians, sure that I would see all the cars and people stopped dead in their tracks and staring at this sun as I was. But nobody else seemed to notice! This upset me, so I rolled down my window and started hollering at people, pointing at the sun and yelling things like "DO YOU SEE THAT? DO YOU FEEL THAT? RIGHT THERE! RIGHT THERE!" The people would look at me for a second, then just continue with what they were doing. They would look up in the direction I was pointing, but only for a second before returning to their routines. Not a single person became even the least bit curious enough to ask me what they were supposed to be seeing! THEY WERENT SEEING IT! They must have thought I was nuts! After staring into it for about 5 minutes, being exponentially filled with the love as each second ticked by, I thought that this is what heaven must feel like! I thought WOW, I never noticed the sun like that before! and completely mesmerized, I started the cab, turned left onto University Avenue, and started a slow crawl from St. Paul all the way into Minneapolis, in a trance-like love-daze, winding my way through Minneapolis until I got to Lake Calhoun, where I parked looking out at the water and feeling the "heaven" still inside me. I had lost all interest in picking up any more fares! I stayed there by the lake for at least two hours, probably much longer, and then the feelings of love started to subside within me. As the love retreated, I started to feel very sad that it was leaving and that try as I might, I could not make it stay! In hindsight, it was like people who have had near death experiences describe when say that they were filled with love when they entered the light, but then when they were made to return to earth, the love left them and they could not keep hold of it and that made them feel very sad... heartbroken! Thats how I felt as the love was subsiding in me! I became very angry with myself for leaving the sun back at Rice and University, thinking "you dummy! Why did you leave?!" I started driving back to St. Paul when two things occurred to me. First, I was able to stare right into that "sun" for the entire 5 minutes without any damage to my eyes! And second, the cab stand at Rice and University was located on Rice Street, at the southeast corner of the intersection, facing directly north. Now Im no astronomer, but I would bet you dollars to doughnuts that the sun has NEVER appeared 30 degrees above the horizon in the northern sky in the entire history of this planet! SO WHAT DID I SEE? Well, Ive had many years to think about it, and believe me, I think about it nearly every day, wishing that I could get that feeling of heavenly love back! Nobody else could feel what I was feeling, even as I was trying my best to point it out to them. This leads me to believe that whatever it was, it was meant for only me. Why? Beats me. I havent a clue! What was it? Well, it was in the air, and although it was stationary and not flying and looked exactly like the sun, it was in the northern sky and so definitely unidentifiable (not the sun). I have to conclude it was a UFO. What was the feeling of love it poured into me? I think it was possibly an experiment, perhaps to see how I would react. I hope whatever they/it learned from my reaction does not lead to the development of something sinister to be used against us in the future, but what a perfect weapon when you think about it... make everybody on earth feel how I was feeling when filled with their love, then invade. Who would want to shoot back? So Im a bit torn by the experience. On the one hand, I wish I could feel like that forever. On the other hand, Im a bit angry that someone or something would mess with me like that. At least it wasnt your basic run of the mill alien abduction with the all too common accompanying orifice probes, so thats a big plus in my book!!! Believe me? Disbelieve me? I don't care. It was what it was. I havent experienced anything like that since... kind of wish I could though! I wonder if anyone else has been subjected to such an event?
