{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-25 03:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480646","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79407","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3077,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/646/mufon-5480646.json","updb_database_id":5480646}
Very obvious dark oval surounded in lights and orbs.

My wife, myself and my best friend were walking back from a bar along dock road in chatham kent uk. It was 3 in the morning. We all noticed a strange light formation underneath a strange shaped cloud. We stopped and were really taken with awe when the 2 strong lights began to what seemed like emit smaller orbs of light from themselves and then merge into one. 

The moon was quite bright that night and highlighted the cloud which was over the top of these lights but not obscuring them in anyway. In fact it created enough light to see there was a dark oval shaped object hanging at a 45 degree angle which was the source of the lights.

It continued to hang there whilst 2 other onlookers came over to us, one of which was quite shaken up and really wasn't enjoying the free light show.

We stood there for 10 minutes watching as it stayed completely still but continued to emit various light patterns around the oval and orbs of the same bright yellow color which seemed to merge with each other. 

The lights suddenly dimmed and we saw a point of light moving incredibly fast and out of sight, literally straight out of the atmosphere. Strangely the weird rectangular cloud formation was no longer visible. 

It was very strange and as skeptics have had to except that this might be some sort of technology which is either secret or off world. I have poured over the internet looking for an explanation which could be natural or maybe technological. I cant find anything which looks/describes or could rationalize what we saw.

We feel strange about what we saw. we have told our group of friends on whatsap but they referred to the meteorites which have been seen in our area over the last few days. My self, my wife and our 17 year old daughter saw an amazing meteorite on Friday night, it broke up pretty close to us. It was electric blue and fast. was over in less than a second.

What we saw the following night was no meteorite. It would be great if you could contact me, we feel we would like some closure to this or even if anyone else who saw it from a different angle could tell us something we may have missed which could throw some closure on the strangest event of our lives.

We have a short mobile phone video recording of the event but my friend stopped filming because it wasn't showing up passed the street light pollution. I think you can see a tiny light on it but does not show what we saw at all.
