{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-18 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104528","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5457048.json","updb_database_id":5457048}
{cak} Unexplainable light caught in photograph

On June 18th, 2019, my wife took 6 photos of the full moon in sequence over a span of maybe two minutes. We are unsure of the time because the camera’s time had not been set properly, but it was very late at night. 
She took the photos from our yard and there were no exterior lights on anywhere on our property. The only light source available was the moon.
The fourth photo in the sequence has an unexplainable bright spot in it and it appears in no other frame. My wife did not see anything with her naked eye, she was just interested in photographing the moon. The last two photos were shot using the zoom. The camera was set on auto focus.
These photos have never been altered in any way. 
The bright spot in photo four is a different color than the moon which leads me to believe it is not some sort of reflection in the lens, and if the spot is enlarged you can see concentric circles and a texture inside it and a center spot that is not quite centered in the spot.
It almost appears that the camera was more focused on the bright spot than the moon because in the previous photos you can see the moon in pretty good focus as well as some oak tree limbs.
To make it just a little more intriguing, later that same night there were a lot of very bright lights just up the hill from us, and there are no structures or facilities up there at all. We have never seen lights up there before and these lights were so bright it was like a movie set or something and there was a cluster of them in one place and they were stationary. In addition to the cluster there were perhaps three or four more sources of bright light, all in the same area.
I went outdoors and up to our gate with my camera and took a bunch of photos but they all came out streaky because I couldn’t hold the camera steady enough for a night shot. Unfortunately I deleted the photos the next morning, thinking that if the lights were back the following night I would walk to someplace where I could get a good photo. The lights were not there the next night or anytime since that I am aware of.
I called two neighbors the next day and asked them about all the lights on the hill. One neighbor lives across the street from where the lights appeared to be coming from and the other neighbor lives on that hill and owns all the property where the lights would have been. There are no other residences on that hill.
Neither neighbor saw anything and the neighbor who owns the property said there was no activity on his property at all that night. I told him I thought maybe it was a nighttime slaughter of one of his cattle, as they range freely in those hills. He insisted there was nothing at all happening that night and he said they never do nighttime slaughtering anyway.
That’s the whole story and it is honest and truthful.
Thank you for looking at these photos and we would appreciate any feedback on what you think this may have been.
After going through this selection process I felt that showing the sequence of photos would be cumbersome. This whole report is cumbersome and should be streamlined. Much of it is redundant and unnecessary for a preliminary report
