{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-22 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86293","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2358,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5474048.json","updb_database_id":5474048}
{jpg} Taken from couch through ceiling and into air by beam of light so bright could not make out ship. Unable to move laying on something surrounded by greys. All I remember.

I was in my living room listening to music. And smoking a bit of weed on the couch. All of a sudden a beam of light happened simultaneously to buzzing and humming sounds. I remember being lifted off of the couch through the ceiling into the air looking down at my house and freaking out cuz I couldn't get down. Was lifted into an opening of what I assume was a ship although the beam of light was so bright I couldnt see much else the closer to it I got. Blacked out. Woke up laying on something I cant remember what unable to move surrounded by typical grey aliens based on other peoples descriptions. I remember trying to get away from them and them not seeming surprised at all. Like they knew me and how I would react to the situation. Blacked out again. I never saw the ship at all somehow. Cant remember anything else until what I thought was waking up from a dream until my ex at the time who was abusive and kinda stalkerish. Very obsessive. Starts yelling at me for being gone for 3 hours without telling anyone. I never left. I thought I either smoked laced weed or fell asleep and had a very vivid dream. Avoided the topic for two years to avoid being called crazy. I am remembering more and more of prior events before this and am starting to believe this has happened more times than the one I just describes which is the only one I consciously remembered until this year when little bits and pieces of random memories started coming back due to reading many materials about abductions ufos etc. And finding much of the information very familiar when I knew it shouldnt be.
