{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-03 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106564","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3100,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5455048.json","updb_database_id":5455048}
{tjd} Flash and moving star caught attention. Wobbled and looked like a fireball. Moved erratically.

We decided to have a fire because it was nice outside but temperature was dropping. I often watch meteor showers so when one of my friends asked what a flash in the sky was I looked thinking I may miss a rare bolide explosion or something similar. I thought it was a star until he asked if it was wobbling and I knew I wasn’t just seeing things. We watched the star change in intensity and sometimes change color and wobble erratically in the sky. We video’d the single star until the camera die. There isn’t a lot of plane traffic here so we thought it unusual that jets began making patterns in the sky around it. It looked like a star with one side brighter than the other and it seemed like it spun on its axis. Almost like it was looking for something. Brightening and dimming. Then I saw another star wobble and move and it just went up and up til we could no longer see it. The original star skid across the sky at incredible speeds and seemed to merge with a v pattern of stars I hadn’t seen before. When the v moved I could clearly see it had been obscuring the stars that make up Orion’s Belt and I started freaking. It seemed to move slow but it had to be much faster than it seemed. The v was massive and seemed to be made up of 6-8 stars or ‘fireballs’ but they flew together and at speeds I know are unmatched by aircraft. This thing was massive and original star we watched became the last light that made the top left of the ‘V’. We caught it moving erratically and unlike any star or satellite. I’d be happy to share that video if there is any interest at all but would like to bleep out some of the things said in it. The v and the star were pretty low ((I think)) to the ground at one point but made no sound. I’ve been around low flying jets before and it moved faster and didn’t make any sound. Unlike the jets. I didn’t include the phone number but the email is valid and if anyone reaches out I’d be happy to include a number to get ahold of me and share the video. It truly was mind boggling and unbelievable. I’d hoped to see a rare shooting star before I die and instead got something so much more insane.
