{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-30 04:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87354","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5963,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5473048.json","updb_database_id":5473048}
{rjl} Orb flew into remote lake cove in early morning hours and hovered around for extended amount of time.

We have a houseboat on Lake Camanche and live in the area as well. We decided to take family out on the houseboat during Memorial weekend for 3 days and 2 nights. We took the houseboat thru the narrows and parked it in China Gulch cove on our first day out. We remained anchored at this location for the duration of our 3 day camping trip. This is a remote area of the lake with no camping or housing nearby. There were a number of boats we saw at the beginning of our trip in and around the cove we were in, but by our 2nd day (Monday), they had all left the area. We were the only ones left out there by Monday evening. We went to bed at a decent hour that night and I slept on the top deck bunkroom with my oldest son. All the slider windows were open to let the breeze through. I woke up having to use the restroom sometime during the night, not knowing what time it was. I noticed all the stars were out with no clouds in the sky and no glow from the sunrise yet. After using the restroom, I climbed back in bed and while laying there, I was looking out the open window near my head at the stars. After only a minute or so, I noticed a light coming from far off in the east with a path right in our direction. I assumed it was a jet coming over the sierra's heading toward the valley with it's yellowish light on the front. Over the course of another minute or two as it approached, I realized it was also descending rather rapidly as well. And it wasn't as far off as I initially thought. The night was so still and quiet, I could hear tree frogs croaking and fish eating bugs off the topwater. Because of this, I was waiting to hear some type of engine noise from this object approaching. There was no noise at all. By this point, I've gotten up onto my knees and had my face pressed to the window screen trying to hear anything from this object that has now reached the cove we were anchored in. It finally stops at the opposite side of the cove from our position in the houseboat. I'd estimate the distance across the water at about 300 yards. The object is right in line with the treetops behind it that are on the hillside (maybe 100 feet off the water). I also notice the light is reflecting off the water from the object. It's a solid yellowish color and bright, but easy to look at with your eyes even though it's dark outside. No blinking lights. I'd estimate the size to be equivalent to a large passenger car or SUV, but round. It stopped and remained at this position and motionless for about a minute as I'm trying to make sense of it. Then, it begins moving abruptly in all directions. Sometimes it would move in a surging motion to the left maybe 100 feet, then fall downward 20 feet, then bounce back up very fast. At that point, I got nervous and stumbled downstairs looking thru the windows to not lose sight of it. I had no plan of what to do as I fumbled around in the dark, but in the process, I woke up my father-in-law from his bunk and told him to come outside with me to see this thing. In the process, I find my phone on the kitchen counter and see that its 4:12 a.m. We step out to the back deck of the boat and I notice it's just hovering perfectly still again. As I'm telling him what I had just witnessed, my mother-in-law wakes up and joins us on the deck. As I'm almost done telling them both what I had seen the object do, it begins bouncing around again. I can best describe the movements as if you were to throw a rubber bouncy ball on gravel. It would bounce all over the place and be very unpredictable. Then it would return to a hovering position and always stay in the same vicinity. A few times it would go from a perfectly still hover to almost a shiver movement, where it would appear to be vibrating from side to side. After several minutes it returned to hovering when we noticed it began to turn on or "grow" a red light off the side of it. The light was a brilliant red color, but it wasn't like a red light. It resembled something like if a bright red beach ball was slowly inflated and illuminated. The edges of this red ball were perfectly crisp, not like looking at a typical red light in the darkness. Then within 30 seconds or so, the red light evenly shrank down and was not visible anymore. The object hovered and bounced in front of us, and in the same specific area for quite some time (maybe 35 plus minutes.) I took pictures and video with my phone, but the footage doesn't do it justice. The pics/video makes it look so much further away and everything appears pitch black, whereas in person, we could see the hillside behind the object and the tree top silhouettes. By this time, the glow from the sun is becoming visible and it's around 5:00 a.m. I begin to notice that the object is ever so slowly ascending in a south-easterly direction as time passes. It is not visibly bouncing or shivering anymore, but is ascending so slowly, that you can only realize it by where it was positioned 5-10 minutes prior. It continued to ascend over the course of 30-40 minutes until it looked just like one of the last stars in the sky as the sun crested from the east. It was around 5:50 a.m. when the object finally became too difficult to see as it ascended so high in the sky with the sun beginning to rise.
