{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-23 19:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119382","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3015,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5284048.json","updb_database_id":5284048}
Saw a orange red star like object while at work then again two hours later walking home with dog.

I work on a housing estate construction site, the sun was setting and was getting dark. 
I took a couple of pictures of the sky as it was beautiful, then I continued my rounds of locking the houses shut for the day. 
While going into the garden of one property, I looked up to look at the colours of the sky again and I saw a bright orange-red star like object, about the brightness of Jupiter but it seemed closer but very far away if that makes sense. 
I stood looking at it for a few moments to see if it moved which it didn’t so I continued locking up. 
After 5 mins I looked again but I couldn’t see it in the clear sky.
After my shift was finished 45 minutes later, I waited for my lift home on the street which was on a slight hill. 
By this time it was dark, the sky was still clear and the stars were out. 
I looked over to the direction to where I saw the object and it was there, same place as before and same colour. 
If it wasn’t orange red I’d have thought it was just a bright star.
My lift home arrived and I got home, had a coffee and got changed, thinking nothing more of it. 
After getting changed I took our dog for a walk which takes around 25 minutes. 
While turning into the street where I live, i saw the same coloured object which now seemed closer and lower but still higher than the houses. 
It must have been seconds after I locking my eyes onto it, it faded away. 
As soon as it faded away, another, or the same one re/appeared to the left of where the other faded from. 
It too was bright orange red and after appearing from nowhere, it moved to the right slowly to where the other one disappeared from, before fading out itself. 
I had my phone but as it’s cold here in Scotland, it died while trying to take a video of it. 
My phone had around 30% of battery but it’s an old iPhone which always dies in the cold. 
I waited for a minute or so then crossed the street to our house. 
The pics I took at work of the sunset just before I first saw the object I will try to attach, just to give an impression of what the sky was.
