{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-01 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49397","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2667,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5509048.json","updb_database_id":5509048}
{dr}Saw 6 to 8 star-like objects; yellowish white with flashing orange lights appearing around the top of the flying orbs

I was outside in the back yard with my dog at about 10:40 p.m. on August 1, 2013. I was facing the western sky and usually stargaze because of the excellent view from that vantage point. While walking west I observed about 8 star-like, yellowish-white objects with blinking or flashing orange auras on top. These objects were in a semi-circular formation, high in the sky, with two or three of them hanging lower, right above the tree line. The objects seemed to be hanging in the sky for a short time, and then slowly started traveling east toward our home. I called out to my boyfriend through the screen door; he also observed the objects, although by that time, did not see as many because the unusual, lighted objects started to drift farther apart as they came closer to us. We were mystified as to what the flying objects were, and became excited and curious. We reasoned together and then ruled out all known aircraft. The objects were flying at about the same altitude as a helicopter would travel, with flashing orange auras on top. There were absolutely no discernible sounds coming from the mysterious aircraft. My boyfriend managed to snap a few pictures of them with his cellphone as they flew over our house, but for some reason the images appear blurry and do not do much justice to what we were witnessing. The strange objects continued traveling east and began to disappear, one by one, getting smaller while going straight up at a high rate of speed. The objects would appear smaller and smaller and emit a small red flash right before disappearing into the night sky. A few objects traveled into the eastern sky and became small before vanishing with a tiny red flash. The whole incident was over in less than five minutes. I went indoors and called my daughter, and asked her to comb the Internet to see if anyone else saw anything. I was searching the Internet today (8/2/2013) and found your site, so I decided to note my observations.
