{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-11 12:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3178,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5493048.json","updb_database_id":5493048}
{cak} Three lights in a triangle formation with one in a continuous elliptical pattern underneath, then all shot off quickly

While at work on an oil/gas location, I saw a set of 3 lights/craft in a pyramid shape with another of same size, shape and color travelling in an elliptical pattern underneath the other 3. I was looking over a piece of equipment set out about 200' and standing 60' high, the objects were over the top of it but at a distance undetermined from the equipment and at an elevation that put it above the equipment if directly over the top would have been 20 to 30' above. I was wearing polarized safety glasses. I at first thought them to be birds but realized quickly that they were not moving, except for the one that continued to go in circles under the other 3. I had a radio and called to other people on location to see if they could see them, none of them could see them. I walked over to them and none of them were wearing sunglasses. I pointed at the objects and described what I was seeing, still none of them could see them. I took my glasses off and gave them to one of the other people there and pointed out what I was seeing. With the naked eye, I could only really see just a small flash as the sun reflected off of them when they would move slightly and the one doing circles, could only see when it came around closer to us in direction and then could not see it on the back side of the circle. The guy I gave my glasses to could still not see them, I took the glasses back and as they started to ridicule me I saw the object at the top of the triangle shape come down to the one doing circles and go around it in a circle but top to bottom around the other one. It then shot back into formation and the one doing the circles the entire time then formed up so the formation took on a diamond shape. They appeared to shudder for a moment then shot off to the west faster than any aircraft could have from a hover position. About 5 minutes later a jet entered the area along the same track that the objects had moved off in. The jet was higher than I normally see commercial aircraft and can only suspect it was military in nature. I did not see the objects the rest of the day and took quite a bit of joking from the rest of the crew. I laughed it off with them, but inside, felt and still feel that I had seen something and when watching them I can honestly say after reflection that I had no feelings at all, like my mind was just blank. I know I saw them, I am not crazy. I wish I had a camera on me, but there is no evidence other than my statement.
