{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37910","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2339,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5519048.json","updb_database_id":5519048}
Round with a dome top White, Blue and Red/Amber lights pulsating or swirling around the object, actually I think it was spinning but not at a high rate of speed.

On my way home from work (U. S. Army Mountain Warfare school) I took the Champlain Island exit off I-87 onto Route 2 to take a slow nice ride home, I pulled over to relieve myself; while in the process I for some reason looked up and there just above the treeline, to my total astonishment was this hugh Object moving silently in a straight line above me.

I had always said to people that I would gladly be taken aboard a alien craft (because they obviously are highly intelligent) for examination. But it just kept moving at a very slow speed, I watched it till it disappeared beyond the trees.

The next day at work I wrote down in quite a bit of detail what I saw. I have it here I am just having a hard time finding the paper I wrote ....but I have it here somewhere.

This I am guessing was in the summer of 1996 or 1997. The date above in the questionare are merely a guess.

I have been thinking of that night alot lately and decided to hell with it I am going to send you my account.

No doubt in my mind what I saw and no one can change my mind. 

I was alone, which probably makes this report worthless to you folks.

I cant believe it was an experimental aircraft,and it was no aircraft I had ever seen before, NOT EVEN CLOSE and I know what I saw.

I will continue to look for the paper I wrote about it, once found it will give me the Date, and time of my sighting. 
I could (and did on the memo I wrote) draw a sketch of the craft I saw. 

Thank You for your time in this, I am sure it will be of no use to you but I know what I saw.

Retired Military
