{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96858","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3444,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5464048.json","updb_database_id":5464048}
Looked like a bright circle with white windows on the bottom where beings appeared.

I was walking home at 23:10 I walk a path that intersects another path that leads all the up to the church. There are trees on both sides on this path that leads to the church is is on both sides bordered with tall trees but there is a nice 20-30 meter between the trees on each side. I often walk that path home late at night after hanging out with my friend and I always turn to look at the church. This time I could see a glowing circle and the outer perimeter of this circle was split into four sections and I knew that I was seeing something not of this world. 1/4 had a silver or chromium type color. 1/4 had a very grey color almost like a storm cloud. the other quarter had the most lightest green color I have ever seen. the final quarter was light blue like the sea in Spain and other tropical waters but it was not transparent. The circle had to have been about 50 meters in diameter. It was hovering about 80m above the church tower which is about 15m-25m tall. My distance from the thing was about 130m. I could see inside the circle it had four sections that were illuminated by a white light which came from a light source on the roof of the dome. I saw 5 human like beings that I estimated to be about 1,5m-5m tall. They were skinny like people who had been starved to the brink of death. They had no distinct outlines and appeared to move without moving their legs which they had two of. I could not make out a face on those beings as I was way to far away but they looked like a human head except they appeared to have no ears. The beings stayed in that chamber or room for about 3 minutes and they would move around like there was a glass floor under them. During the time I felt stunned. My muscles were not tense but I could not move. I tried to move my hands and walk closer but my body just refused too. It was a very calm experience and at no time did I feel threatened or scared. I was mostly stunned. When the beings were gone it took about 20 seconds until the craft moved straight up about 300m and then it stopped and moved up at an angle going so fast it left a a trail of rainbow coloured light like a meteor except the trail started 450m above me and became smaller the further it went up. It pretty much just disappeared into the darkness of the clear skies. When it was gone I was just processing it and then I said to myself; "That was quite the spectacle" in my native language. I have told a few friends, parents, my priest and my girlfriend. My priest believes me and a few of my friends but my parents and my girlfriend laughed at it. I don't know how to feel about this encounter as it was such a calm experience and nothing significant happened during it. I have a lot of questions and I hope this can help me and others fight answers.
