{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-11 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5293048.json","updb_database_id":5293048}
Painful Interaction with White Light

Driving on 219 south from Hardy County, WV to Giles County, VA on a Sunday night FEB 2018, I encountered several white lights moving erratically at low altitude for nearly an hour between Organ Cave, WV and Lindside, WV. The lights seemed to be everywhere and at various points during my travel I felt like I was being followed. I came around a turn into a narrow passage on Rt 219 south just below Union, WV and one of the white lights was just below a ridge above the trees hovering stationary as if observing me. It was late at night, no traffic, so I stopped on the roadway and observed the light for appx one minute. I rolled my window down and looked at it to my left, it was approximately 400 feet from me emitting a brilliant white light. I was more curious than scared but reached for my pistol for a sense of security. When I grabbed my pistol I didn't point it but just held it in my hand as it made me feel safe. Within five seconds of holding the weapon, a slow and increasing pain started in my head. It was slow at first and caught me off guard. As it increased in intensity I was trying to figure out what was happening. After about fifteen seconds the pain was so intense all I could do was floor the gas pedal to try and get away. As I left the narrow pass the pain slowly stopped over a 10 minute period, I was trying to figure out what just happened. As I continued to drive south I was worried the light would follow me home, but I didn't see it again. The pain I encountered cannot be described. It was intense and almost felt like a burning sensation in my head. To this day I can still feel the pain slightly every once and a while. I did not point my weapon, but maybe I inadvertently threatened whatever it was. I can tell you with great certainty that whatever it was, a standard weapon for defense is useless. This encounter has haunted me for two years now. I know this sounds crazy but I felt compelled to report the incident. I feel as if I have received an injury that was unwarranted and I've been uneasy traveling alone at night eversense.
