{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-05-22 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19042","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":21802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5547048.json","updb_database_id":5547048}
I was visited by the same "craft" on three seperate occasions, now I look for an explanation

Hello MUFON, hope all is well. Let me start by introducing myself. My name is ***** and I live in Texas with my wife and my son. I am 30 years old, and have had an assortment of occupations in my short time here so far. I started working as a bricklayers helper out of highschool for about three years. From there I managed a Furniture Store warehouse,then worked in technical support for AOL from '99 to '01, back to brick work, then a 5 year stint with the Pepsi Bottling Group, and now am a paramedic for East Texas Medical Center at the age of 30. I'm telling you all this to give you at least some idea of who I am. I met my wife at the age of 17 and have been happily married ever since. I love my family and happily work hard for them. 

FIRST EXPERIENCE

    I am writing you because I don't know where else to go. I have been "visited" by an unrecognizable object on three seperate occasions. Now your probably thinking, "Big deal, people have been seeing UFO's since mans beginning." Thats kinda my perspective on the topic. However, four nights ago, a thought came to me that made me wonder why I didn't think it sooner. The thought was, "of all the stories and reports and accounts of "alien encounters", I have never heard of or read about any report that was even close to mine. I am almost hesitant to continue, for I am not sure if you will even read this, but here goes. I have had countless abnormal experiences in the twilight hours, but these three are the ones that demand my attention. Three visitations, the first one around May 22 or 23 of 2007, I was by myself. We were living in a house in Union Grove which is a very rural area just outside Gladewater, Tx. We had moved there in June of '06. I had quit my job at Pepsi in December after my fathers death in November of '06, and was preparing to start EMT-Basic school in January. I worked at a telephone operating center while I went to school. I worked mainly afternoons through nights, during the slower hours. This proved advantageous, as I was able to study and do work in between calls. I was still working as an operator, just finishing EMT school. That spring I had discovered information on the mayans and other topics such as Edward Leedskalnins book Magnetic Current, which sparked interest and curiosity like I had never known. This was also the time when I started almost mindlessly drawing all these geometrical shapes at work. I would get in this zone and just drawing all kinds of equilateral triangles and evenly section them off and make all these beautiful designs. I had bought a compass and a protractor and would make a grid of evenly spaced dots and begin to make perfect circles with my compass, making this flower fo life pattern. I occasionly to this day will sit down and make flower of life. Now, first encounter was around my dads birthday, which was May 22 - I remember that much about the time frame. I'm not absolutely sure of the exact date, but I would say it is accurate within a week either way. I didn't record the date of the first event. It just never occured to me to do so. I saw it at about 11:30 at night and my wife was asleep. I had stepped out on my back porch for a smoke, which I did every night, as I am some what of a night owl. Standing on my back porch I had a greatly limited view of the sky, as there were two giant oak trees, one on each side of my view, along with my garage/shed on my left and the house on my right. I would say I could see about 1 percent of the sky from that spot. As I stepped out and lit my smoke, I noticed a very bright, large star directly in front me (It was due west), about twice as big as any star I had ever seen, and much brighter than any star I had seen. Initially I didn't give it a second glance, which is odd because I was out there every night and never recalled seeing it before. Well, about halfway down my smoke I look up at the sky and noticed the large bright light again. This time it caught my attention. As I looked at the star, I remember asking myself, with my head slightly cocked and intense curiosity, "What is that?"  The next thing I remember thinking was that it looked like it was moving. I stilled my head and squinted my eyes to maintain focus, and sure enough it was moving very, very slowly and subtly to the right, barely even noticable. At this point I was hooked. I became ignorant of everything around me and about me, and anything else I might have been thinking on.  As I stared at this single bright light, it began to seem like it was now getting lower in the sky, then I noticed it was getting slightly larger and brighter. I was frozen. All my focus, energy, and intention was completely engulfed by this light. In what seemed like seconds, the light's altitude in relation to the horizon was cut in half. The light became much larger and brighter and very clear, with no glare, halo, or haze surrounding it. It was at this point that I realized this light was descending and approaching me at a very fast rate. At this point I had stepped out in the yard and had a much better scope of the sky, including directly above me and back over the house a good way towards the east. Once I realized this light was descending towards me, it only took what seemed seconds for this flying craft to be directly over me at a very, very low altitude, probably around 400-700 feet. Now, this craft had absolutely no sound signature, except for a very low humming/vibratory effect that I felt more than heard. Right before the ship was directly above me, at some point I became oblivious of the large bright light that i guess was on the front of the ship, and my full attention was shifted to the light display on the underbelly of the ship. I'm really not quite sure how to explain this part, for the under lights acted in a way that seemed more organic than artificial. On approach, I saw a mixture of red and yellow lights. The lights reminded me of little seperated l.e.d.'s. At this point I could make out a vague outline of the craft, although I cant recall the exact shape for the lights had me somewhat "hypnotized", feeling very disoriented and confused as I watched the bewildering light show. When I first saw the lights they seemed to be in a square pattern, consisting of 15-20 individual red and yellow l.e.d.'s. Now this is where it is hard to relate the account. I cant think of any one word to accurately describe the action of the lights. While staring at the lights, instantly, with fluidity, the lights were now in a circle shape, with me never seeing any lights go out or new lights come on. I never looked away, as my exposure to the underlights was only about 10 -15 seconds long it seems. The lights rolled or shifted, or whatever you want to call it, into two or three different patterns before it completed its low fly-over. As it passed over the house, it started its ascent and as quick as it approached it was gone, first a farely bright light, and gradually dissappearing within a minute or so. I cannot describe the intensity of emotion that came upon me, I was exhilerated. I have never felt that quality of excitement up to that point. I ran inside as fast as I could to try to wake my wife up, shaking her and telling her I had just seen a UFO!! She wouldnt wake up. I went back outside for a little bit before retiring. I told her about it the next day. She knew I had seen something, but I think she thought I had just seen some kind of military aircraft or something else explainable. The very next night, as my wife and I sat inside our house, she watching t.v. and me on the internet (probably researching the mayans, as I had just gained knowledge of them and thus much interest), I felt/heard the low humming vibration. I looked at my wife wide-eyed and remember exclaiming "THATS IT!!" I ran outside just in time to see the ship ascending towards the east, just as it did the previous night. This is where I think my wife became convinced that I saw something, for I described the event to her earlier that day, describing the humming sensation it emitted, and now she felt it too, only she didn't make it outside in time to see it. I was a bit bummed because I knew that without seeing it for herself, she would never fully believe or appreciate the experience as I had. The very next night, for the third night in a row I heard the ship, running out too late to see it. Thats the first time.

SECOND EXPERIENCE 

       The second time was on Febuary 13 of 2008.  At this time we were living about 5 miles north, with my wife's parents and her brother. We could no longer afford the house in Union Grove due to the tremendous paycut I accepted by leaving Pepsi.  We moved in about July of '07. After that first encounter, I spent alot of time outside at night, peering into the night sky, looking for something else spectacular to happen. Then one night it did, and when I was least expecting it. Right around 11:00 p.m., my wife and I had stepped out on the back porch of her parents house, a medium sized commercially built log cabin with a covered wrap-around porch. The back porch faced due west. We had a 35-40 foot tree line for our horizon about 75 yards behind the house. There was forest on both sides of the house, so again our view was fairly limited. We stepped out and approached the northwest corner of the house to smoke. Thats also the corner of the house our bedroom was in. As we turned and stopped, facing the backyard(west),  I remember noticing this incredibly bright looking star, and upon recollection, I remember thinking that it must be some planet, but for some odd reason it didn't catch my interest initially, which was abnormal for that season of my life. The light was hovering, as still as a star, for about the first five minutes we were out there, just over the tree line. Then my wife broke the silence, inquiring seemingly to herself, but out loud, "What is that?".  I responded, "What?", not really sure what she was talking about. She pointed at the bright light and said, "That, what is that?".  As we stared at the light, we almost immediately thought we noticed slight, slight movement. At this point, something clicked, and I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that this was the same thing I witnessed the previous May. I remember putting my left arm on her right shoulder, as I was to her right, and jumping up I shouted, "THATS IT, THATS IT!!".  I quickly ran inside to our bedroom to retrieve our camcorder, which used mini cassette tapes. I ran back outside stopping a few feet short of my wife, who was now a couple of yards off the parch in the grass. I looked up, and to my amazement I saw two very clear, large, bright lights descending out of the sky, coming directly at us. It was as though a giant car was floating in the sky, as the lights were next to each other horizontally, like headlights. I tried to hold the camera in the direction I thought was correct, for I was unable to pick up the lights on the fold out screen. At this point I was repeatedly telling my wife, "THATS IT, THATS IT, WATCH FOR THE LIGHTS, WATCH FOR THE LIGHTS!!". Less than a minute later the ship was passing directly over us, slightly higher than the first time I seen it. As the headlights were "out of view",  I say that because I never remember seeing the headligts go out, its just like one second your looking at the white lights, and the next second all you see is the red and yellow lights underneath the object. Just like the first time the red and yellow l "l.e.d.'s" became apparent, and just like the first time they did their little "dance", shifting from one obscure pattern to the next. The humming sensation wasn't quite as noticable as it was the first time, I assume because of its slight ly elevated altitude, and I am quite sure that there were more red and yellow l.e.d.'s when I had seen it the first time. It seems like this second time there were only around 10-12 lights displayed. I was fascinated. I'm thinking "what in the world is going on!!??" The lights stayed visible for approximately 10-15 seconds, just like the first time, then it reascended and was gone in the east. I couldn't hardly beleive it, yet there it was. My wife received first hand experience, and it was like a huge weight was lifted, because now I had somebody else who had seen it, and could attest to the validity of my experience. I recorded the date and the time that it happened. I'll never forget it. I checked the camcorder, but for some reason nothing was recorded. Im guessing the settings weren't ready for nighttime viewing. I was outside the next few nights, but it didn't appear again. I told many people close to me about the experience, both family and friends, including our three closest friends, Brian whom I worked with at Pepsi and his wife Michelle, and a bricklayer friend of mine name Joe. However, I could tell that nobody really thought we had seen anything "unusual", with the exception of Michelle I think. That would all change.

THIRD EXPERIENCE

      The third encounter occurred on November 19 of 2008. We had moved out of my in-laws house in April of '08. I left my job as an EMT at the end of Feburary '08 in exchange for a job for a fellow named Al Ozment, who owns USFoam, a company contracted to put out coal mine fires in North America. Mr. Ozment, who previously was a firefighter in Oklahoma, patented the process to effeciently extinguish fires in underground mines, as well as recieving a patent for the formula of the foam that they used, which they also manafactured. I was offered a handsome salary, much more than I made on the ambulance, and a position putting out fires. As it turned out, he had only hired me to help finish a firetruck that he was going to enter into a show in Indiana, firing me two months after hiring me, after all the business with the show truck was done. I returned to my EMT job, getting re-employed that June with the same company that I had left that Febuary. The silver lining to that experience was that during that short time at USFoam, one night while shopping at a local dollar store, I ran into an old bricklayer friend, Joe,  whom I had worked with in masonry out of high school. We fell out of touch around '01, and I had always wonderd where he was, driving by where I knew he had last lived, but with never any luck. I feel that if I hadn't left the ambulance position, my path would have turned out differently and I probably would have never ran into Joe. We moved into a duplex in a town called Gladewater, Tx, about 8 miles south of my wifes parents house, and only about 3 miles south of the house that we had lived in during the first experience. Two duplexes down lived some friends fo ours, Brian and his wife Michelle, whom we had known since I had worked with him at Pepsi. A few times I had poured my case out vohemently to Brian, Michelle, and Joe, who all politely listened to me, but afterwards would always try to convince me it was just some kind of manmade aircraft. So now the stage is set. There we all were, all at my duplex on the evening of November 19. It was around 10:30 or 11:00, and I was heading to the backdoor of our place to join my wife Shelly, and our friends Brian, Michelle, and Joe, who were all already outside on the back porch. My back door faces south and our neighbor we shared the duplex with is on the east side us,  As I stepped outside onto our small 8' by 8' concrete pad, I took one step out, and with my very next motion, for some reason, i stretched my neck up and peered back up over the roof, towards the front side of the house, which faced north. As I was doing this, the other four were continuing to talk about whatever it was they were discussing.  Turning my gaze to the northern sky I immediately noticed a solid, nonblinking light above the northwestern horizon of my rooftop, which was the size and brightness of an average star in the sky, that was moving east at a fairly moderate pace. I was floored. I shouted for evreyone to look. Now we were all focused on this light moving steadily across the sky. As the non-blinking light steadily moved east, we noticed a couple of planes wiht their anti-collision lights blinking that appeated to be passing close to this object. Then we see a much smaller steady red light that briefly appeared near the light. As the light was now to our right(northeast) and getting close to being out of view, it did something totally unexpected. Instantly, in the blink of an eye, this solid white light was reduced to about half the size and instead of white it was now a bright blue, dissappearing completely in less than 2 seconds. I was stunned. It seemed that whatever it was moved across the sky at the same rate and distance, and instantly moved very far away ver, very quickly. As we all stood there, staring at where the light used to be, all of us simultaneously telling what we saw, without even thinking about it, I whipped my around to the left, facing west, while everybody else continued to look north/northeast. Due west, just above the power lines that ran down the next street over to the west of us, was this huge cluster of individual yellowish orange lights, kind of like this:    
        
                                                  OOO
             OOOOO
            OOOOOOO
             OOOOO
             OOO
                                                                  
                                                           
                                                                 
                                                                 
The pattern was more of a round shape, not as linear as the diagram above, more like a balanced matrix, and I'm not sure exactly how many individual lights comprised the cluster, but it was close to the number in the diagram. I am standing in awe,  taken by this sight. I remember, almost in a dazed state, asking everyone to look over here. It was like someone had quickly erected some kind of stadium light over there. My mind was wrestling to decipher what I was seeing. Out of excitement I remember repeatedly saying, "Ooh, look over here, look over here!!!" We all stared frozen in awe. Joe broke the silence by saying, "Aw, thats some kind of tower." I spent many nights outside and never had I seen the hovering cluster of lights, so I knew that it wasn't any kind of tower. I told Joe this. The next thing I remember was noticing that the cluster looked like it was rising in the sky. When I frist saw it it was very low in the sky, just above the western horizon of the neighbors house, just above the power lines. The lights rose for about 20 or 30 seconds. As it rose it never dimmed or brightened, nor did it get any bigger or smaller, which I guess means that it was going straight up, slightly towards us as it rose. After it reached its apex, it starting gradually getting bigger, as though it was descending towards us.  It isnt realy clear when or how, but at some point after we noticed it descending, I don't remember seeing the cluster lights, but instead two fixed, white, non-blinking lights on what initialy appeared to be wing tips, and one single red light, non-blinking as well, in the middle of the two white lights, all appearing to be on the underside of some type of craft coming right at us. Somehow I knew at this point what it was. I remember falling to my knees, staring into the sky the whole time, yelling, "Thats It, Thats It, Watch for the lights, Watch the lights, Watch the lights!!!". As it approached us at an altitude very close to the altitude it was the first time I had seen it, the fixed lights seemed to become unnoticable, and the single red light in the center underneath was now joined with many other single little red and yellow lights, just like the other encounters. Just like the other visitations the lights did their little shifting "dance", doing patterns different than the ones it did the first two times. Also there wasn't near as many lights this time, maybe 10 all together. The same humming/vibratory effect was present. As we all watched this pass over our heads, no one said a word, except me maybe, I do know I was very excited and remember repeatedly yelling, "Watch the lights!!". It passed directly overhead, slowly started its ascent and within a minute it was gone, completely out of sight. Now they believed. No three night flyby this time either. It was just on the 19th. I remember a couple of nights later, for some reason I started thinking about the dates of the encounters, and began wondering if maybe there was a pattern. What I discovered was that each time I saw the "ship", it was on a half moon. I measured the days and found out that it is exactly nine moon cycles between each half-moon occurence. Then, just recently, I started thinking on the fact that I had never heard of a UFO case like mine and began researching UFO reports and cases. I decided that I could use a fresh perspective,  and I would much like to hear what you think.
