{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-02-09 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65443","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3034,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5494048.json","updb_database_id":5494048}
{cak} Clearly saw a shadow running from my house jumped into an object & disappeared when it took off.

I had an exchange student staying at my house. I arrived home from work, was standing at the top of my gate unlocking it when I saw a shadow of what looked like a person start running from my house toward my water tank. I watched as it ran and could only see if for the lack of anything behind it making it's profile visible and it looked black in appearance as if it was a shadow. It looked like a person as it had two legs, two arms and was running. It ran very close to the water tank location, suddenly the person's shadow disappeared and I saw it enter an odd shaped object that quickly lifted off the ground. Right after it lifted off the ground I assumed I would see it go into the sky, but instead it completely disappeared and I didn't see anything in the sky, it just completely vanished.

 I drove down to my house looking around the water tank to be sure no one was there and decided not to say anything to my exchange student as to what I saw as it was odd and unexplainable. When I entered the house she was hysterical and walking all over the living room. She said there had been something outside the house, she didn't know what it was and she was afraid. It took about 10 minutes for her to calm down. I told her what I had seen once she calmed down and asked her if it was a person. She said she didn't know what it was but she was frightened as she knew there was something outside the house. I told her about seeing an object that looked like a person running from the house, getting into an object that looked large and black, it starting to take off from the ground and then it completely disappeared once it was about three feet off the ground it vanished. There was no way a person could have driven anything onto the property as there were locks on gates in the three locations where you could access my property and barbed wire fences that enclosed the property. I was unable to find any of my fences cut and the only way anything could have left my property from the location I saw it on would have been to fly and yet I saw nothing after it had ascended three feet. In a way I wasn't surprised, this was not the only time something strange happened on my property. There was another time when the very tops of two trees were burned and one year later both trees died but no other trees on the property were affected.
