{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-25 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504048","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54856","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2822,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/048/mufon-5504048.json","updb_database_id":5504048}
{rjl} Very slow orange lights move slowly over Greencastle, then disappear

I was driving home from work on Christmas Eve heading south on US 231 when I noticed the UFOs. I was just starting down Waterworks Hill into Greencastle when a couple orangish-red lights caught my eye directly in front of me to south almost directly over Greencastle. When I first saw them, I figured they were just airplanes, but I noted that the color was a little odd, and they looked slightly bigger than what an airplane looks like in the night sky.

So I kept my eye on them as I came into Greencastle, and I noticed as I got to the bottom of Waterworks Hill next to the fairgrounds that I was now almost directly below them. When I noticed this, I quickly pulled off the road, just to make sure I was actually looking at airplanes. This is when I realized what I was watching was definitely not airplanes. They were moving so slow, they almost looked like they were hovering. But they were moving just fast enough that you could tell they were moving. They were moving in perfect unison probably no more than 200-250 feet apart.

I watched the two lights until they got directly above me when they just disappeared. This freaked me out a little bit because I had no explanation for where these lights went. I blinked and they were just gone. I searched the sky and they were nowhere to be found.

So I sat there in this gravel lot on the side of the road for a second, just trying to figure out what I'd seen. And just as I started to put the truck back in drive, I looked up and saw another light, that looked exactly the same as the first two, once again in the sky just south of me.

I was amazed that there was another one, but this time I took out my iPhone to see if I could get some sort of picture of it. The weird thing was, though, the light would not show up in the camera on my phone, period, even though I made sure I was pointing it exactly where the light was. And just like the two lights before it, this light disappeared when it was almost directly over me.

I've always believed UFOs were out there, but had never actually seen one to actually prove it. But I definitely believe that I saw my first UFOs on Christmas Eve.
