{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-08-15 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476910","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83286","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3528,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/910/mufon-5476910.json","updb_database_id":5476910}
{rjl} KIDS AT CAMP HEAR ALIENS TALKING AT NIGHT OUTSIDE THEIR CABIN

This incident occurred in Hillsborough, NH, USA, when I was attending over-night summer camp when I was about 10 years. It would have been in July or August of 1978 or 1979. 

One night, in the middle of the night, I awoke quite alert for no apparent reason. It was pitch black in and outside of the cabin. Besides feeling very alert, not sleepy at all, I felt an instinctive fear. 

Then I heard two things "talking" outside the cabin. I would say they were very close, maybe 5 or 10 feet away. They were not human beings because the sounds they were making were not human sounds. On the other hand they were not animals because they were definitely communicating in an intelligent way, there was no mistaking it - questioning and answering. You need to read to the end of my entry to understand why I am reporting this as an ET encounter. 

I don't think at the time I had seen any UFO movies. My initial response was a primal fear of the unknown. 

After several minutes of laying on my back paralyzed by fear, I gathered my wits and decided to climb up to the top bunk and wake up my best friend.

As slowly and quietly as I could, I slipped out of my sleeping bag and climbed up the ladder to his bed. Then, I gently nudged him at the same time whispering in a hushed whisper, "John, wake up "SHHHHH" just listen". 

He woke up, he listened, And he heard them too. 

We just listened, frozen, for what was probably only a half a minute more. Then one of us whispered something to the other and the voices outside went silent. 

John and I froze again and were silent. 

We waited for several minutes, listening for them, wondering if they were still there. Finally, after some time, reassured that they had probably left, we started whispering to each other again. Though we did not use the words at the time, the conversation was along the lines of WTF???? We were freaked out. 

It took another half hour before I was comfortable enough to climb back down to my bed and go back to sleep. 

In the morning we reported the incident to our counselor. He told us it was probably porcupines. Of course we knew it was not a porcupine or any animal, but you can imagine he did not pay any attention to us. 

The clincher to this incident is that a week later I received a letter in my camper mailbox from my father. This was way before email or cell phones, I had no daily communication with my father. In the letter he had enclosed an article he had cut-out from a newspaper (Boston Globe?). The headline was something like: HUNDREDS SPOT UFO'S OVER SMALL NEW HAMPSHIRE TOWN. (Hillsborough). It had occurred the same night as our incident. 

I tried once in recent years to find the article in the Boston Globe microfishe at the Boston Public Library but I couldn't find it. It must have appeared in NH newspapers at the time too.
