{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-16 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500910","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58170","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/910/mufon-5500910.json","updb_database_id":5500910}
{cak} packing up from fishing, heard a hovering like sound looked up and saw 10-12 lights in a line one turning off and on after the other.

My family and I were out fishing at the greenwood dam coming from newberry sc. It was getting close to 10pm and we were loading the things into the truck. It's weird bc it was like everything went quite then this hovering sound (like when you have a rope and start twirling it in circles next to you but deep) we look up twords the dam and there were bt 10-12 lights. Amazing, brighter than the north star white lights all in a row one after the other turning off and would turn back on like once it made it to the end from right to left. The hovering noise continued and we didn't know what to do. My husband and son said they were plains but come on in a perfect line and not blinking or other colors like normal and not noisy. My daughter grabbed the phone and started recording, to the shock that nothing showed up on the phone. I thought she was doing something wrong so I went and nothing. (We are all standing there looking straight at this fascinating once in a lifetime object and can't see it on camera). It took about 20 min for it to make it past us. Once it was making its way past us it began to tilt bringing the left side down and the right side up not a complete 90 degree but I will have to say 70 degree change. It started to go back away from where we were and we noticed it completely left when a plain was coming in from our left. Don't know what else to make of it. We saw what we saw and will never forget. (oh and by the way our daughter wants To be a scientist now) please if anyone else has seen this let us know. Also there were two other trucks out there that night maybe one day they will post or let someone know. Oh also I do have the video of where we tried to record the lights.
