{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-11 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288910","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114452","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/910/mufon-5288910.json","updb_database_id":5288910}
A white, circular, ball shaped UFO appeared into view from nothing, performed circular movements in the sky, then turned into a line in the sky.

On March 11th 2012, I was visiting friends in San Francisco. We were walking along California Street to get lunch, and the time was approximately 12 noon. We're walking the street and we get to a crossing where we have to wait, and I believe this crossing is where California Street meets Laguna Street. Being a visitor in town, I'm examining everything and taking it all in, and I remember the sky at this particular moment was clear and blue (the weather changes frequently in SF).

While I'm looking up and around, this white ball shaped thing just fades in, like it wasn't there, and then it was. This may have just been my eyes adjusting, but I remember feeling disturbed and drawn to it because something unusual was happening. It's a great distance away in the sky, so at first, I consider that this could be a bird or something, but while I'm looking at it, I notice this thing is not moving like a bird or a plane, at all. It's moving in a perfectly circular motion in the sky, as if an animator had put a perfectly circular spline in the sky, and is this thing is moving along it at a completely consistent speed. Put simply, the maneuvers it was displaying seemed unreal. I point to it and exclaim to my friends, "what the hell is that?" and they're trying to see what I'm focused on.

While I'm pointing at it, this thing stops completely and becomes stationary. It was doing it's circular looping thing, and then it just absolutely stopped, instantly and without deceleration. Now I am quite unsettled because the nature of it's movement is definitely not a bird or a plane and I'm astounded that I'm actually witnessing something that I've only ever heard about as a UFO. I'm saying to my friend, in a more desperate manner, "it's right there, it's stopped, what the hell is that?"

While I could still have doubts about whether this is a UFO or not, the thing that happened next was really so strange that puts it beyond my doubt. Up to 2 seconds after it had completely stopped, this thing turned into what I can only describe as a line in the sky. It was like a sudden flash, like someone had taken warp speed from Star Trek, and condensed it all the way down to 1 single frame. If I had done half an eye blink, I would have missed it. If I hold my hands outstretched, this line was around 3-4cm in length. This was absolutely the most bizarre and unsettling part of this experience. It was so strange, that I cannot even say that what I saw at this point was movement. All I know is, that is how it disappeared/left. It all happened so quickly, it could not have been more than 10 seconds from the moment I saw it circling, to it stopping completely still, and then suddenly flashing away. It made absolutely no sound and it's movement was the strangest thingI've ever seen. It really was like witnessing some kind of sci-fiction special effects in real life.

I believe I must have started freaking out at this point, because the pair of friends I was with had not seen it, and they seemed quite unsettled by how I was acting and by what I was telling them. Internally, I felt greatly disappointed that they had not seen this, and agitated that we were now just going to go and do something trivial like get lunch, when I'd just witnessed something that shatters everything I know about the limits of physics or reality. I feel like I had to suppress this for the rest of the afternoon that I was with them.

This moment profoundly changed my life, and often times feels traumatic. Just picturing what happened in my mind often brings me to tears and stops me from sharing it with too many people in person, because it's sometimes hard to keep composure, and I'll get emotional or distressed. I probably think about it everyday, and I have to push it to the side of my mind.

Another really strange thing that I cannot really explain but may be worth mentioning; immediately following this encounter, for that whole afternoon, I felt very strongly, in a way that I cannot at all explain and actually made me feel slightly mad, that I could turn back time and see it again. I cannot really rationalize that, but I remember that being so present in my mind. I did desperately want to see it again, and I really felt like there was a way to go back and see it, and that the answer to how this would be done was right in front of me. I have sometimes considered that what I saw when it left was a distortion of time itself, like I was seeing many of it all at once, all lined up, for a split second, and that maybe because I witnessed something unusual and related to time, that it conjured these ideas in my mind. I also consider that I was in shock from what I've seen, or that I was just desperate to see it again.

Finally, having seen it first hand, it opens up so many questions to me that I cannot ignore, that no one can satisfactorily answer for me. At the least, there is something that is able to manipulate our laws of physics far beyond what I or many people understand. To me, the ramifications are extraordinary because it seemed like this thing could leave the solar system in seconds, and that everything about current technology is woefully inadequate in comparison to what I witnessed. Knowing this and having all these questions can feel like a curse some days because it occupies my mind so much, and I can only hope that one day I'll find out what it was.
