{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504910","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/910/mufon-5504910.json","updb_database_id":5504910}
{nd} I was Pointing a violet laser at stars, and adjusting the focus, while speaking into the beam.

I was at my house out back, at around 12 , star gazing, one winter

There was what looked like to a meteor shower but the light was Violet, witch got my attention pretty quick. so i decided to bask in the the illness of a spectacular even, 

Well it got my attention, with the light and then, once i was fully focused on what seemed to be a meteor shower, or silent violet fireworks then a huge space craft filled the my field of vision, it was obviously something form out of this world. 

i saw the meteor "shower" on the corner of my eye, walked out from under my deck to get a better view, then a huge ship covered my field of vision, that seemed to be rectangular with rounded edges looking kind of like a gigantic touch screen smart phone,face down with stop sign shaped light screens\ panels underneath, witch seem to be propelling it somehow, so i was standing there observing. at first the ufo started out slow, then got faster and faster, as it moved on, the lights were passing over head and seemed to be constant light, until about half way then it started to pulse faster and faster, then was gone. the ship was hovering in a straight path, when it started to accelerate, then the lights started to flash at different intervals, which in my observation seemed to control the general direction of the ship. was silent. 

When i saw the light i was curious, when i saw the ship i for some reason couldn't move, when the ship left i just stood outside in below zero temperature with goose bumps, contemplating what i just saw. then i snapped out of it i thought i was having psychological issues so i took my medication, no more than ten minutes latter i go outside again and the sky is filled with military planes and helicopters, they were flying around securing the airspace. i was star struck. 

It hovered away.
