{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-09 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529910","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25597","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/910/mufon-5529910.json","updb_database_id":5529910}
A large, brilliant ball of light - as bright as Venus & far, far bigger than any plane

We saw brilliant balls of light two nights in a row. The first night, we went to sit outside in the back yard on 9-9-10 at 8:35 pm after dark. Over the mountains to the east of us was a big ball of really bright light, I would almost call it a brilliant, not as big as Venus but almost and certainly as bright. We kept watching it as it slowly traveled south along the mountain ridge but we couldn't see any red or green or any flashing lights at all like would be normal for us to be able to see of a plane at that altitude. It was not a helicopter because they don't fly at that height and there would be no reason for a plane to have it's landing lights on in that area plus [First name removed/cms/dr] thought it was moving slightly away from us and we only would have been able to see landing lights if it were facing us. I thought it was just traveling south along the mountains. Then it turned east, the brilliance faded within less than a second to completely disappear then a very faint, faint light, barely visible, going off east for another split second. While the turn was not at a right angle, it very nearly was cuz it was big and bright then it went out, fading to nothing. We are always able to hear planes, even at comtrail height and this had no sound whatsoever.  We see planes all the time at night and are always, always able to see their blinking lights. This was much, much bigger than any plane and it was far brighter than any stars. Like I said, it was almost the size and definitely the brightness of Venus. 

The next night (9-10-10), we went outside again at 9pm, laughing at ourselves for thinking we'd see another one. Well...we did. First, we looked over to "our" mountain ridge hoping to see something. There was nothing and we just laughed at ourselves. So we are sitting there in our chairs, staring up at the sky, when I look up and here comes this bright light out of the west heading east. I'm thinking it's got to be a satillite - it was very high but [First name removed/cms/dr] pointed out it wasn't high enough plus it was, again, extremely bright and really big, almost bigger and brighter than the other one the previous night. [First name removed/cms/dr] says he thinks the one the night before was actually brighter than Venus but just didn't have the star things poking out like Venus does - it was just a glob of light like this one was too. 

Well, we're watching this thing approach, fly right over us and we turned around to follow it's path. As it got closer to the east, it suddenly went UP! and completely faded off in a second. We both saw a couple small, faint flashes but not plane light flashes as it changed from the level flight path to the straight up one. We could NOT believe it! We even burst out laughing like you do when something is so strange and so completely unlikely to happen to you. 

We were in a state of shock, not knowing quite what to think. So about 1/2 hour later, we went out again, and this time, there were planes in the sky which we could easily see their white, red and green lights blinking even the one that was probably about 15K feet or better so the two things we have seen were not planes plus there was no comparison on size - the planes were like 100th the size as the light blobs. The second one also made no a sound. Now we did see what was probably a regular satillite and they are much, much smaller and much higher. Either way, we are shocked. We have noticed both sightings were when there were no planes in the sky at all. Either time. We are on a flight path from points north - Portland, Seattle south to LA or the Bay Area - and they usually follow the mountain ranges or I-5 with the flights on pretty much hourly schedules. Very interesting that this second one was coming from west to east at sort of a southerly heading cuz there are no flights coming from that way ever. There is nothing in that direction but the pacific ocean. My husband estimated the first light at about 10K feet and the second one at maybe 15K feet. We live in a small town without interference from city lights so our view of the night sky is good.
