{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470910","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89575","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/910/mufon-5470910.json","updb_database_id":5470910}
{rjl} Red Orange Candle flame shaped objects flying s from the north Up to 30.

It was the 2018 New Year and my neighbor and I were out in the backyard enjoying a fire when I noticed a couple of these orange objects in the sky.I had NOT been drinking for the record! I first noticed that they were not blinking like aviation lights. We live in the city and are constantly having air traffic in our area, yet there seemed to be a lack of it in this time frame. They looked like orange-red candle flames traveling from the north to the south. They kept coming one after another. It looked like a huge ship was passing by at a low altitude. All of the lights seemed to travel at the same speed and distance from each other, not passing or deviating from the path. The only thing that seemed to differ some were the altitudes of the objects, but not by that much.
Excited, I called my wife to come see these objects. We now had 3 people observing this. This lasted about 20 to 25 minutes. It was from about 12:15 to 12:40 am. The sky was overcast. But I could see fireworks coming from Freedom Park area which is maybe two to 3 blocks away. So it seemed that there was a low ceiling of visibility lending me to believe that these objects were definitely under the radar. We realized that there were so many that we should start counting. We both determined that three were at least 25 to 30.

I have now witnessed 3 events. The first was a pulsating violet/blue orb around Crowders Mtn, NC in which I was in awe and then a few years later a white orb and a TR3-B in Dallas, NC. which made me and my ex wife feel fear and we ran and hid. These were both in the nineties. This event I didn't feel anything but awe. I think most of what I have seen was exp. military crafts in my opinion. NC is home to Fort Bragg/Pope Air Force Base as well as Camp Lejeune and Cherry Point. I took some pics on my Verizon Revere flip (dumb)phone...a total of 4 pics. For such a crappy phone it picked up a white sphere. And also the orange flame but when it took it seemed to look like some other images of craft that I have seen on the web. I will try to upload these later.
