{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-18 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485910","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73816","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2701,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/910/mufon-5485910.json","updb_database_id":5485910}
It descended slowly through cloud canopy over Lake Huron as it did itorage light emitted a strange golden yellowish sheen against the clouds it was dull black diamond shaped and about the size of a bus it departed at an enormous speed

It was a beautiful spring evening, June 18, 2014, and I was sitting on my deck by the lakeside (Lake Huron), and suddenly a bright orange burst of light broke through the low hanging canopy of clouds. It shone scintillating pulses of yellowish golden light against the clouds. Even though it was around ten p.m. there was plenty of light on the lake, so I could see very clearly what transpired over the next eight to ten minutes.The light emanated from its top and was bright orange. My first reaction was total disbelief at what I was seeing, for I knew immediately this was no conventional aircraft. The craft hung over my head about thirty feet out from where I sat, and about one hundred feet above over the lake. It was a dull, very dull black diamond shaped craft, and no noise was emitted. I suddenly felt very nervous as it slowly changed direction and floated slowly toward me all the while descending. It was the dullest non reflective black I had ever seen and its diamond shape appeared to morph ever so slightly as it approached me. Its orange ball shaped light intensified as it came nearer. At this point I remember being frightened and yet somehow strangely intrigued. It was a large craft about the size of a city bus. I stood up from my chair and focused my attention on it, and felt overwhelmed by its strange appearance. I've seen many planes, helicopters, ultralight planes, over the lake, and this craft defied any correspondence with anything I had ever seen. As I walked toward it on my deck it suddenly stopped directly above me, and my body began to shiver uncontrollably, and suddenly, it accelerated across the lake toward the western horizon disappearing within seconds. It was a mind boggling experience to say the least, and what it was looked both beautiful and mesmerizing. To this day I can still visualize the craft as if it just happened.
