{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291910","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111419","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3284,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/910/mufon-5291910.json","updb_database_id":5291910}
2 days before the full moon, and the moon took on a light yellow aura, sky brighter; then I saw an object entering my field of vision

It's like a habit now ... every night if I go outside for "whatever reason" I scan the sky quickly ... gotta make sure I don"t miss something you know?
That night I noticed the moon had gotten a faint yellow aura surrounding it. Huh wasn't that way when I went in to get my phone\camera and it had only been less than 4-5 minutes that I'd been gone. I looked through the lens to photograph the moon. When I looked through it I actually couldn't believe what I was seeing! I looked up at where i had seen it just with my "naked eye." There was nothing there. The moon was still visible as well as the stars. OK, looked through the camera and there was definitely an object there, but the only I could see it was through the camera lens. I was "mesmerized. I was watching what looked like balls of light moving around forming a sort of line never leaving the general area of where they were. Wild then they started making more - just about each original ball split in two going from 4 or 5 light balls to 8 or 10. Then they all formed another line. The line wasn't straight but curved like a half moon or boomerang. After maybe 13 minutes or so I noticed something that resembled a beam coming from what I assumed was the "big kahuna," but I barely saw much of where all this was originating. I looked closely at a picture I had taken of what I thought might be a beam, and I could see one and it wasn't very clear. I was disappointed and decided I'd try editing the colors and change the lighting a little and see if I could make it more visible. I hope that my photos do get there with my report ... I'm still amazed. I enhanced one other also, and want to send both original pictures to see the difference. I went in, and the object was still there but not a lot longer because I looked up to see and it was gone.
I have photos and videos, but not sure how much my laptop will send. The videos bounce around because the photographer was overly wound up and kept flipping my phone all over to get a better shot! Just want to say the moon is always a little bit higher than the object and on the left part of the sky.
