{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491910","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67641","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/910/mufon-5491910.json","updb_database_id":5491910}
{dr}multiple orbs from 3 directions with common destination

I was watching local fireworks. Noticed a bright orange light traveling east to west paralleling Southern State Parkway. I thought was a firework gone bad. But it kept a steady course and a descending altitude. Moments after the first orb went behind a treeline two more appeared to come from the same area as the first. They went behind the trees in the same place. Two more came from the southeast but disappeared. Six came from the south moments later in two groups of three 4-5 minutes apart. The lead orb traveled north until I lost sight of it. The two behind it appeared to merge into one and just vanished as they got close to my location, they were about at about 1000 feet altitude and 1500 away to my SSW. The second group stayed in a triangular formation at a constant speed and altitude and continued to fly north until the were out of sight. All the orbs seemed to fly ate the same speed (about 100 - 120), never a sound of engines.
This happened on central Long Island. There is significant air traffic in the area. These were not typical craft. No engine sounds, no navigation lights, not drones, helicopters or fixed wing aircraft. There were no trails or smoke. When they went below the trees there was no sound of impact and no flash or explosion. When I was observing the orbs coming from the south I saw at least two commercial aircraft leaving Islip MacArthur Airport change course, this never happens. They always follow similar flight paths, they seemed to be taking evasive actions.
I was curious and observant, as is my nature. I am former LRRP and Intel Analyst. I went into the mode when this started. This was also witnessed by many neighbors.
I know orb sighting are or were common around the old nuclear power plant not far from here, this is a first for this general area that I know of. Not my first sighting.
Some neighbors took photos which I have access to if you want them.
