{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-07-05 09:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486150","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2736,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/150/mufon-5486150.json","updb_database_id":5486150}
extremely large around but not smooth very distinct panels could be seen clearly

it was a very nice clear, calm beautiful summer morning, I work at a major railroad in the core of the city as usual you can hear all the traffic from the city sirens, traffic in general trains ect. off to the south east I could see what appeared to be a hot air balloon which is quite common during the summer months at this time of the morning. I looked away for what I thought was about a moment looked again and this object I thought was a balloon with so much closer whiched seems impossible as there was not much wind that day and this got my attention the next thing I know I'm aware of all noise surrounding me went away in a very eerie dead calm & am now looking at this object just ahead & above me, so immense and distinctive I'm standing in awe! I had no feeling of being scared I'm just standing there stunned looking at what can not be and the lack of any sound, not just from the object but any noise, it's like I'm the only one in the world watching this, that part disturbs till this day as many people should have also seen!
as for its description it was round in shape but definitely not smooth that had vertical huge panels which tapered off to a smaller transition on both top and bottom, it did not move just hung in the air stationary. I remember thinking that a 747 would look like a kid's toy next to it in fact could very easily land on top of it. as I'm standing there dumbstruck and wondering where is everybody else is , others should be seeing this and when i turned away hoping others are witnessing this, that is when it was gone & all noise of the day returned. 
I have had a number of sightings of UFOs over the years since the age of about 13 but nothing like this, did time stand still or was I in another dimension- don't know. I do however understand people who do not want to come forward, i have told just close family and been so ridiculed "oh yes randy your the choosen one ha ha" or a girlfriend who says she will leave if I continue, btw i am now 56 yrs old.
Again please do NOT release or publish my name whatsoever !
