{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-01-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522150","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5078,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/150/mufon-5522150.json","updb_database_id":5522150}
Triangle, 3 lights, moved so slow, watched for about an hour

Looooonnng story. Saw that another gentleman posted a report about a triangle in NJ, exactly what i saw, not the same year tho. I was searching thru archives to see if there were any other sightings the same night as mine, 10 year difference but so similar it I knew i have to report mine now as well. 

Jan 11, 1996- I had a second floor apartment in a section of Manahawkin called Beach Haven West. It was maybe 500-800 feet from RT 72, and right before you get on the bridge to LBI. Where i was in my apartment i would be overlooking the marshes to the north of RT 72. I had broken my leg badly, literally in half, in October and was in a cast from my toes to my hip. My girlfriend had left for the night, i was laying in bed watching tv. I had a long bedroom, and the window i was facing was to the north. I noticed a flicker of amber light thru that window, thought nothing of it. Maybe a helicopter. Continued to watch tv, every couple minutes seeing that amber light kinda go up and down slowly, light getting bigger. This went on for awhile, and i started to think maybe they were looking for something in the marsh, but didn't see any spotlights or nothing. Its been out there for a good 20 minutes, 1/2 hr. Now im watching the light more than the tv. It barely looks like its moving, gaining and losing a minimum amount of altitude, but enough for me to be watching it. Ok, itll get closer, the house will shake, itll be a helicopter..Still watching, after a couple minutes it was getting closer and there were no green and red flying lights that i can see. At this point, even if it was a helicopter i had to see whats going on. It took a couple minutes to get out of bed and to the window, it was not easy, i was in alot of pain, and i was having complications i didn't know about till i had to go back to the doctor. I opened the window and propped myself up on the sill. 
At this point, I knew it wasnt a helicopter, and i knew it wasnt a plane. Helicopters are out here all the time, coast guard, mosquito commission, etc. I also grew up 5 minutes from JFK airport. When we were talking on the phone back home, every 4 minutes youd have to tell whoever your talking to to hold on while the planes went overhead because you couldnt hear them. I know what a plane looks like. Theres also a big military presence out here, warthogs, bombers, you name it. (To MUFON, the phoenix lights are flares. I stupidly stood in a cul de sac pointing up to the sky because of lights appearing in the sky and hovering there, only to have a gentleman walk up to me and show me the plane that was dropping flares, exact same effect.)
Anyway, light kept getting closer and i can start to see how low it was, and how slow it was going. Literally nothing more than 20-30 mph. About now it about 2-3 miles away over the marshes to the north and headed straight for me. It was getting close enough now that i saw it had more lights, the amber was the forward bottom of it, and a red and green to the other corners. Much bigger than the lights on an airplane would be and steady, not flashing. Now, i had to get outside. On crutches and HURTING i hobbled out of the room thru the kitchen and onto my small screen deck. I wanted a clearer view than thru the screens and i had to hobble down a step or 2 outside the deck to get a wide open unobstructed view. This thing was getting closer and on a path to go directly overhead. I can start to make out a shape and it was a triangle, and it looked BIG. I watched it go over the marsh heading south, and watched as it crossed over RT 72 and eventually right over me. It was a HUGE black traingle with three lights, one on each corner,and not much of anything else. It passed literally 100-200 feet overhead, enough to know if a had a gun i could have hit it easily. ( don't worry i wouldnt have) It made NO sound, silent. It was literally only moving about 30mph, a plane would be crashing into my house and a helicopter would be rearranging my dishes in the cabinets. It took about 30 seconds from when it hit Rt 72 to the time it went over my house and i had a clear view the whole time. No i didn't have a camera, at the time the throw away cameras were my thing, but i didn't have one. If i did i would have the best ufo pictures to this date. I remember this event better than when i lost my virginity, got married, etc, will never as long as i live forget this. It was amazing.
