{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485150","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74627","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2845,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/150/mufon-5485150.json","updb_database_id":5485150}
{cak} Huge light over Oahu marine base. It brightened and dimmed and moved around. All cell phones went to static and the entire island lost ALL power. Then she witnessed planes scatter appearing to be military.

My daughter looked up and observed a huge ball of light in the night sky, over the Hawaii marine base where she lives w/her husband. (Whom is military police.) She watched for a bit, as it was so much bigger and brighter than everything else in the sky. Thats when it started pulsing and moving around. It would get dimm, then extremely bright over and over as it maneuvered around. She realized it was much closer. Maybe a mile away in the sky. She then became amazed so she called a friend (neighbor)and the cell phones went to static. When her friend walked over, she began observing the object as well. After apx 15 mind. Or so....it went off and was gone. Immediately the entire island lost ALL power.Then....they witnessed aircraft that seemed to be circling the surrounding areas. No one has explained what happened yet. So she's a bit un-nerved but excited. So she calls me and tells me her story because she knows I would believe her. (As we saw a similar event happen in NC (near Monroe)back in 2008 that she witnessed with me. She then confides that she saw something similar about 3- months ago. Then again about 3- nights ago. Now this. So she is now a bit more concerned of what it could be and what is going on. She is surrounded by military and definitely knows what those aircraft look and sound like. This was NOT an aircraft she is familiar with. Considering it also had no sounds! She wanted me to report it as she is worried about her military connection. However she is willing to talk to someone.
Her phone number is (phone number removed) and please be discreet as she is a little hesitant for above said reasons. Though... we both feel these occurrences need reported and investigated. We are wondering if anyone else reported it. It seems many, many, observed it but are too reluctant to report it. Also, because of their military connections. 
We are fans of James Fox and his work at MUFON so we are hoping it is taken seriously. Thank you for your time, and listening. 😃 
(Daughter's name is [named removed])
