{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466150","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3128,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/150/mufon-5466150.json","updb_database_id":5466150}
{td} At first obseervation, It looked like a cylinder. (Propane Tank)

While archery hunting in the rocky mountains, I was taking a break at about 11:00 am. I heard and saw an small light plan pass by, I thought this guy is a bit close to the ground. Distance I was unsure of,But I could see the pilot. Or I was at a high elevation. The plan passed by without incident, I continued eating my cumber. And was looking at the sky and cursing the chemical trail in the sky. I looked again a few moments later and seen what looked like a large propane tank floating in the sky above the chem trail, I did a double take at this object, It was just floating along, in no particular hurry, It even slowed down when I went for my flip phone. AS it passed by in front of me I waved to it trying flag it down, Then I remembered, that all the people I had watched on the internet said they communicated telepathically with ET, So I thought to myself this thought. If you can hear me please come back, I would really like to meet you and get acquainted with your race, No mater what you look like.  It seemed to know I was wanting to get a picture of it. I selected record hoping for a video of the craft. I followed the craft till it disappeared around the forest trees. Then I reviewed the image, HUH!. nothing!, just the chemical trail it had been slowly hovering above as it glided by. Hurriedly I got off the tail gate of my truck and went to follow it in the direction it had gone, Nothing!.

I went back to the truck finished my snack, Put my quiver back on over my shoulder, closed the tail gate and headed for the forest across the road. When I got to other side of the road I stopped turned around and took a picture of the spot where I camped the night before. This would be part of the narrative I would tell my wife about this thing I had seen floating in the sky.

 I went to work for a trucking company out of Utah the following week. The people there told me I needed to up grade my phone to a smart phone. And so I did.
I never bothered to look at the pictures I had taken until I come home for a break. That"s when I saw the craft directly over my pickup truck, And there is a shadow on the ground from it being there. 

 Should you want to investigate my claim, please invite me to your facility so I can be sure I won't be intercepted by any other personalities 
  I would consent to public sharing on condition of anonymity.
