{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-10 20:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479150","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80953","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/150/mufon-5479150.json","updb_database_id":5479150}
{cak} Virginia Beach UFO Sighting

At approximately, 8:41PM on December 10, 2016, I exited my car to enter my house in Virginia Beach, VA. I was facing east and I saw something moving across the sky in a south by southwest direction, so it was moving from my left to my right at an angle from in front of me to behind me. It stopped me in my tracks because I had never seen anything like it in the sky before.

The object appeared to be the size and shape of a Tylenol extra strength tablet. It had lights on the front and back. The lights appeared to be fluttering like in a haze. The object appeared to be gliding across the sky at a pretty high speed, and there was no noise that I could hear.

It took me a few seconds to compute what I was looking at, and I was able to rule out many explanations in my mind. It was not an airlines jet, it was to big in the sky and no airport in that direction. I thought maybe it was a helicopter behind the clouds, but a quick look around and I could see many stars and constellations, so I quickly ruled out cloud cover. The absence of noise also helped me rule out a helicopter, as well as a military jet, which do fly in our area but are very noisy. The lights were not flashing like the normal air traffic in the sky. The lights were dull and hazy like they were fluttering. 

I then got my cellphone out to video. While trying to keep my eyes on the quick moving target I also tried to zoom. By the time I got the camera on the object, it was far off to my right and I only was able to film the back side of the object. 

The entire event was less than 1 minute about 10 seconds for me to process and decide to video and the 31 seconds of footage.

I had just returned from dinner with my mother. I had not been drinking and was not under the influence of any narcotics.

After the event, I went into my house and called my mother, then my sister, then my son to tell them what I had seen.
