{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-28 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547150","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18418","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3148,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/150/mufon-5547150.json","updb_database_id":5547150}
Shimmering silver-mettalic ufo hovers at 20-30k feet, then vanishes

Sitting on back patio eating and listening to radio at about 7:00 pm. While casually looking up at some beautiful wispy cirrus-type clouds in eastern sky, I notice a very bright, reflective object that seemed to appear out of nowhere, hovered in the same spot, then vanished. It didn't drift about or seem to change position. Due to other recent events, I had my camera at the ready and took 9406 and 9408.

It seems this ufo was just below or right at the level of the high clouds, maybe 30k feet? There were no fixed-wings, contrail, or sounds associated with traditional aircraft. I also viewed it through some older binoculars, but can only use one side at a time, so it wasn't exceptionally optimal viewing. It did not appear round or tear-dropped like a balloon. But it's possible this could have been some type of inflatable object. However, the sunlight really gleamed off of this thing and I couldn't detect any kind of equipment hanging down.

It also seems unlikely that a balloon would just appear from nowhere, then vanish the same way. It didn't drift at all for the 7 minutes I viewed it. The NWS in Valley, NE releases weather balloons at 6am and 6pm every day, but the winds were very calm that day/night, so it's hard to believe it would have ended up above central Omaha at that time. They also expand to about 20 ft. in diameter before popping and it seems illogical that one could see that small an object at that altitude from the ground.

Finally, about 15 minutes later the object in 9411 traversed the sky in about the same area from W to E. I also took 5 or 6 pics of jets that same night and anything that high had contrails. This one clearly did not. Nor was there any noise from it. When zooming in on the picture, it almost appears convex and not linear as a jet airliner would appear. The motion was also very smooth, but arced. If this was a jet, why wouldn't it have also had a contrail?

Email jbr3adventures@yahoo.com with any comments.
