{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-06 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473115","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87285","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/115/mufon-5473115.json","updb_database_id":5473115}
After meditation. I summoned a ufo. Appeared

After meditation and feeling a direct connection too and with telepathic connection to other universal life minding the words telepathically in conscious peaceful intent " please come down please show me , show us , make yourself visible in the name of peace as I ask with respect and peaceful intent " , I " summoned " is the term , the ufo in this report.

I sat staring with conscious peaceful loving intent at the sky. It was a light grey cloudy sky cloudy in full with high overcast cloud but still light.

I know of ufo summoning but very little. I had never tried it before.

As I got up off the floor in my sitting position , figuring nothing would come of it , I looked directly up above as I stood up and something caught my eye.

I am 37 years of age. I have never seen a man made aircraft this shape. The shape was very peculiar. A cigar shape long in length with what appeared to be a " tail " but from my view point it was 1 side of the cigar shape. By that I mean the tail end of the long dark cigar shape had a wing looking appendage on one side. It was a very large object. It would have been 500 metres to 1 kilometre distance above my balcony " Australian measurement ".

Even though I had consciously requested a viewing and interaction with full conscious peaceful intent , this was a first occasion. It took my by surprise.

I have never seen aircraft fly north to south above Port Adelaide area.

It made no noise.

I noticed it above me , traveling west for a few seconds then it turned smoothly but swiftly to its left , my right from my view point under it and headed south in a smooth swift rapid speed.

As it travelled further away from me and just before it disappeared around the corner of my balcony which up on the third level I was restricted to and could not run outside in time which it was travelling to fast to try anyway , it ascended then descended about 6 times , 3 times down 3 times up , each dip and rise would have been about 100 metres and each rise and dip of 100 metres as it continued in motion travelling south was done in less than a second in smooth succession.

I notified one other UFO website haste fully , a few days later as to be honest I did not know weather to speak out and wanted to process what had happened. Also travelled to the country for a wedding and been very busy with work since then. It has taken me 6 days to report this however important and surprised by the experience it was not a priority until getting time to make this report. I did not get any pictures as my phone was on the ground level and to be honest I was that struck by the shape colour speed and direction of the ufo , grabbing a picture was the furthest thing on my mind.

Regards

Troy
