{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-11-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506115","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/115/mufon-5506115.json","updb_database_id":5506115}
{rjl} Hovering White Full Moon UFO then Ascend to look like Star

My UFO phenomenon began on the way to visit my grandmother in western Kentucky. We were riding north on Highway 51 late at night listening to the AM radio when we heard a news report of UFO1s seen in western Kentucky and western Tennessee. I looked out the back window at the stars above stating that I wish I could see a UFO. Twenty four days later I had my wish. I was back at home in Memphis when my mother asked me to take out the garbage at 10pm Sunday 22 November 1964. I went out back and I looked up and saw a white full moon above then I looked around and to the east I saw an orange or blood red moon rising. (The blood red moon fulfills a Revelation prophecy.) I looked back above and noticed the white full moon shaped UFO again for a few minutes until it ascended in the sky looking like a bright star at high altitude. I believe this phenomenon was outside of my head and it was fantastic. Since it appeared over the Holy Hills of Frayser, a community of Memphis, I call it the "Frayser Fatima" of the "Moon of Memphis". This event fulfills prophesy of Revelation 21:23 1The city had no need of the sun or of the moon to shine in it, for the glory of God illuminated it. The Lamb is its light."

In more detail, at 10pm 22 November of 1964 in Memphis Tennessee (USA), I was asked by my mother to take out the garbage. I went out back and I noticed a bright white full moon above. I looked closer and I noticed it had uniform whiteness with well define circular outline but I was not able to see the shades of white or grey that made the man in the moon face. It was equally as bright as the real full moon, bright enough to create a moon shadow. There were no clouds near the UFO and there was no beam such as from a sky light used for advertising which I was familiar with at my young age since I had seen advertising sky lights many times before and the "Moon of Memphis" looked more like a real full moon than any sky light or plane or helicopter light. I looked around and I noticed another moon that was bright orange. This other moon was rising over our neighbors house to the east, as I looked through the side yard from the back yard to the front. It had the features that created the man in the moon, so I believed that it was the real moon. I looked above and stared again at the white full moon for a few minutes, then it made a rapid ascend in the sky. I estimate the ascend speed between 180 to 300 knots. As it rose, it became a smaller and smaller moon until it appeared to looked like a bright star, then a dim star, then disappeared into space. It reminded me of the Star of Bethlehem when it was at high altitude. The event occurred within a mile of the Area 51 of Tennessee, that is near Highway 51 over the Holy Hills of the Frayser neighborhood of Memphis, Tennessee and the event lasted about fifteen minutes.

I was only seven and my good father was 33 thirty three when I witnessed this UFO that I now call the "Moon of Memphis". I had a good memory of the event so that when I was trained in the Air Force as an instructor navigator, I was able to analyze the event better with my aviation experience. I estimate that the "Moon of Memphis" was at twenty thousand feet and was about ten acres in size. I developed this information from watching the ascend of the "Moon of Memphis" through some high cirrus clouds that I estimate was at sixty thousand feet. At twenty thousand feet it would have taken four 747 aircraft parked in a circle to cover the area of the "Moon of Memphis" UFO, thus creating a ten acre size estimate. When it hovered above me and 10 ten degrees south, it was exactly the size and shape of the real moon when seen high in the sky. Most observers probably could not tell the difference between the "Moon of Memphis" UFO and the real lunar moon when its hovering above.

There is significance to this event because the timing of the event has biblical implications. First it appeared in 1964 which can be analyzed to derive meaning. If you take the alphabet and match the letters with numbers then you can derive a numeric number for words. I analyzed many religious words and I found several that are interesting. The English words 1Israel1, 1Zion1, "Jeshua" as Messiah, "Gautama" as Buddha, "American", "WuChi" of Taoism, and 1Mercy1 decodes to 64 sixty four. Israel is a word that has meaning to the Jewish, Christian, and Muslim religions. The word Zion is a word that means Israel and Jerusalem in particular. In Revelations of the Bible, there is writing about a New Jerusalem or a new Zion. Could the timing of the 1Moon of Memphis1 mean that it was God1s New Jerusalem or Zion? If you reverse 64 for 46 then the Hindu word "Indra" (leader of Hindu Gods) is obtained. The living witness was born in 1957 and 57 is the sum of the words "Moon", "Brahman", and "Mary".

The UFO event occurred at 10 pm. Ten coincides with the English letter 1J1 which could mean Jewish, Jehovah, or Jesus. If we added the 10 ten to the 64 sixty four then we would get 74 seventy four. Seventy four has some religious meaning. The English words 1Messiah1, 1Jesus1, "Cross", "Muhammad" of Islam, and "Jewish" decodes to 74 seventy four. Seeing meaning presumes that God intended for the year and time numbers to be added together. If we subtract 10 ten from 64 sixty four we get 54 fifty four. The English words 1Love1 and "Islam" adds up to 54 fifty four. Since so many religious words depend on plus or minus 10 ten then the 10 ten may have been intended to be added and subtracted from 64 sixty four to derive religious meaning. The key number of 64 sixty four for Israel or Zion may have meant the important religious center for Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
