{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547115","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18628","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2197,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/115/mufon-5547115.json","updb_database_id":5547115}
Blue, Red, Yellow bright flashing star-like object in NE sky over southwest Michigan

I was just getting done with our midnight basketball game and decided to stand out on my driveway in town and watch to see if i could spot any meteors from the shower this night. It was supposed to be the heaviest night for the showers and thought i may be able to catch a few. I looked to the NE and just above a tree top was a very bright star like object that was flashing red, blue and yellow. at first i thought it may be a jet or helicopter but it was stationary except seemed to be moving VERY slowly to the NE (as in only a few degrees in a 40 minute time period). A few times it seemed to jump up and down but i was staring so hard at the thing that i am not sure if it was my eyes playing tricks on me or not. it was very odd because i've never seen a "star" Strobing these colors before. I watched the thing from about 1:50am until about 2:30am and finally just got bored and tired and went in for bed. 
I work 2nd shift and am usually home around midnight each night. Each night i take the time to scan the skies and this is new to me. It's hard to explain what it was (other than as a strobing star) or if it was anything abnormal but i saw a report on here from chicago with somebody who sounds like they spotted the same thing i did! So it prompted me to report it.
Even though i am not sure what it was, it left me feeling very confused...like it just didn't seem like it was something that is usually there or that belonged. i knew it was something different. Still thinking about it as a matter of fact.
