{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472115","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88320","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/115/mufon-5472115.json","updb_database_id":5472115}
{rjl} Driving towards West Virginia stopped got gas felt like earthquake equilibrium felt off back on road by the Ohio West Virginia border saw a creature felt weird then I was instantly in Toledo Ohio five hours from the border in a seco

I was driving to Stratford Virginia. I had stopped in southern Ohio to get gas. When I got out to fill my tank there was a feeling of like seismic activity and it felt like the ground shifted and threw my equilibrium off. I thought it might be a change I'm elevation at the time. I got back in my car on the road. I was right by the Ohio West Virginia border when I felt kind of weird then I saw this long legged brown spider like creature run across the road and the next second I was back in Toledo Ohio going the opposite direction. I moved almost five hours away right back to Toledo I'm a second. No time lapsed that I remembered. Not saying that time didn't lapse because obviously someone picked me up and moved me through a possible worm hole or just abducted me and put me back in Toledo. I don't think this was my first abduction but I have proof there is video surveillance cameras where I stopped along the way down the first time me getting gas's on my debit card then I was back I'm Toledo turned right around and started back towards Virginia. So I have a bank record of all the places I stopped and video surveillance the whole first time. Then I am back in Toledo and I could never have gotten back there that fast to stop again where I did with the second bank records and video surveillance of me again on my way the second time south towards where I was just abducted. My vehicle is not the best on gas so like hour and a half or so I have to get gas. There is no way I could have been where I was in that time it is ridiculous and in Ohio where I live there are cameras in the lights on the freeways. So there is proof I was right by West Virginia one second then I'm Toledo instantaneously. I wanted to report it immediately but what do you say. I have this spot by my spinal cord that hurts and I think it is an implant and I think I have more than one. Who can I talk to. I have things going on that are not normal and I just want to be left alone and my life back.
