{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482115","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77853","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3284,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/115/mufon-5482115.json","updb_database_id":5482115}
{rjl} Multiple fast-moving UFOs in the sky over the past three months

As reported to ASD by phone today (referred by MUFON HQ: The witness and his fiancee and neighbors have been seeing unidentified objects in the skies for several months. 

The witness and and his fiance were sitting on his deck on July 20, they saw two craft that faded out and then came back. 

The next day on the 21st he saw a very large glowing object and called to his fiance, it was a craft that was glowing, heading E to W very slowly at tree line, it was no further away than 10 miles away. It was a bright light, no sound, very quiet, suddenly took an S pattern then took off very quickly back to the SE and out of sight. It would take a postcard to cover it up. It had no structure. It looked like three lit up points on it at 12, 2 and 10 o'clock. All of the objects they are seeing look similar. Some blink, some are steady, some fade out. THis one was shaped like a horseshoe with three lights on the front of it. Appear at dusk or a little after.

Recently he stayed up all night to watch one large object. He was near Wal-Mart, there was a huge craft over the store, 3 miles from him, 3-4 miles up, and it would take a Volkswagon to cover it up. It was an odd shape, rounded, the back had corners on it, all white with yellow tint. Very slight high pitched sound. His truck radio went out. It was static then quit.

Some of the objects they have seen are multi-colored with White, orange, yellow, green, and blue lights. Spinning motion, moves slightly, spins, moves again then back. He watched one when he was in Kansas City in the North sky six months ago then it disappeared at sunrise. 

Several months ago he reported a flying wing like a boomerang, he reported this to MUFON. He saw three beings standing in the front windows, the heads were big, like stick people. Could not tell what color they were. 7 fins equally spaced. Floated very slowly. The craft was a yellow/green/black color. Very smooth, dim lights on the front of each fin.  

When he lived in Sheldon, MO he had a telescope and watched one object change shapes as an oval, triangle, and acorn shape with a honeycomb pattern on the bottom during the night 10 pm. 4 years ago. Summertime. 

His Fiance said that two nights ago she was sitting outside alone between 11 and 12 p.m. when something bright caught her eye to the NE, the object was the thickness of her pinky finger, it went suddenly to the ground and out of sight and did not return. The object was a White/yellow color. No trail behind it. 

Both have been outside, watching objects on a nightly basis. They have been watching the skies for the past three months.
