{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-05 06:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548115","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/115/mufon-5548115.json","updb_database_id":5548115}
Triangle seen in broad daylight

We were driving toward home after getting an early breakfast in Greeneville. Ty was driving and I (Jennifer) was in the passenger seat. I look over in the sky toward sunrise (the sky had just lit up and turned to daylight) and saw what appeared to be a white streak of a light. I didn't say anything, but Ty turned and looked at it too. He said, "look, the space station..." a long pause and then... "or a UFO." I said I had been watching it too. 

We pulled onto the main highway (highway 107) from Greeneville and at this time of morning traffic is picking up a bit, so we had cars both behind us and coming in the opposite direction. All of a sudden the object dropped altitude and flew in our direction (not following the highway, but crossing it) and it dropped so low I was able to see the outline of the UFO. It was either black or gray in color, clearly a triangle shape, and had three large white or yellow lights underneath. I remember seeing two or three smaller lights of the same color between those three lights that made up the triangle. I was able to see it so clearly because it flew right over our car and it was broad daylight by this time. I estimate it to have been as low as four or five power line poles high (my husband judged 1,000 feet high but he couldn't see it at the point when it passed over us because he was driving). It was flying relatively slow by smoothly with no noise and went in the opposite direction of sunrise, toward the mountains.

Friday night we saw something else. My husband was alone getting gas nearby our home when he spotted a strange amber/orange colored light in the sky over a mountain toward Greeneville. Even though he was driving back home he could see it in certain places over the course of about 10 minutes. When he got home he asked me to come outside, and I did. From our yard (we live in a very rural area) we have a good view of the Greeneville city lights in the distance. This light appeared to be hovering over the mountain. We have plenty of cell tower blinking lights and flood lights, etc. but this was none of those. I told Ty to run in and get his telescope. As soon as he went inside the light disappeared. I yelled back in the house, "nevermind, it's gone!" and as soon as I said that it reappeared in the same spot. Ty brought his telescope out and started to try and get it in view. The light was slowly moving behind the mountain by this time. As soon as he got it in view with the telescope, the light disappeared. It was no star because it had been moving in the opposite direction of the way moon comes up, and it had disappeared and reappeared.

Neither of us were scared during either sighting, just more amazed. We felt it necessary to contact MUFON because, while this was my first UFO sighting, it was not my husband's first. For three mornings in a row back in June of this year (the month is estimated, we didn't write it down at the time) he was driving to work and saw these things around 4:30AM. The first time scared him to death. The first morning a triangle was extremely close to the ground (so close it could have been touching, but he doesn't think it was touching the ground) right beside the road in a pre-season tomato field. As he drove closer the object rose up slightly and tilted so he saw the lights underneath. He said they were yellowish in color. When he got even closer it disappeared. That afternoon, on his way back home he noticed grass depressions in the (what is now) tomato field. The next morning he saw another one further away in a different field, and yet again the next morning he saw an object in the sky. After discovering the grass depressions in the tomato field we took a camera out to take pictures. While driving by snapping shots we found other fields with similar grass depressions, all along about a three mile stretch of highway 107 (the opposite end of the 107 highway from Greeneville). We have those pictures on our computer.

This does appear to be a hot spot for UFO activity and MUFON should be aware of this. I am attaching the evidence from my husband's first encounter a few months ago.
