{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-12 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524115","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31780","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3253,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/115/mufon-5524115.json","updb_database_id":5524115}
Extremely bright blue glowing orb hovering, moving just below and to north of moon at 10:30pm tonight, 9/12/11.

At exactly 10:30 pm tonight, September 12, 2011 in Pinebluff, NC, I looked toward the full moon and saw a very large, bright blue orb traveling at a steady, slow rate from north to south and approximately 10 degrees below the elevation moon. When the object had passed approximately 7-10 degrees to the southern side of the moons path, it stopped and hovered, and appeared to remain motionless for approximately 2-3 minutes. 

After the time of remaining motionless, it then moved from it's position northward along the same elevation...at quick, but steady pace...and covered approximately 15 degrees of arc over perhaps 5-7 seconds. It then stopped to the northern side of the moons path, and hovered in that position for perhaps another 3 minutes. It was in this position that I was able to capture the pictures of the object with my phone. 

The object then simply disappeared from view. No flash, pulse,movement, or anything...it just disappeared. 

The object was larger than any star or planet....approximately 1/8 to 1/6 the diameter of a full moon. It's color was an extremely bright blue, and it seemed to have an irregular pulsing in intensity. I am positive there is no possibility of this being a mistaken star, planet, weather balloon, airplane, or helicopter of any kind The skies tonight were crystal clear, cloudless, and without any heat distortion.

There was no sound emitted of any kind.

I have no way to estimate the object size, distance, or altitude as it appeared as just a glowing orb hovering in the air. 

I'm a pretty avid star gaze and satellite watcher, and in twenty years of looking up, I've never seen anything like ithis before. What first caught my eye was the brightness and size of the thing. It couldn't be missed if you looked up in it's direction. It actually had the kind of appearance of what pictures of Earth taken from outer space look like...an intensely bright blue orb.  Truthfully, it caught me off guard, and it took a couple minutes for me to process that I was seeing something I couldn't explain. Fortunately, I dug out my phone and captured the pictures attached. The photos were taken with an iPhone 3GS.

We're used to seeing all kinds of military aircraft around this area, but there is no way in hell this was a plane, helicopter, or ariel flare. I'm hoping others in the area saw it too, because it was so bright, clear and visible that if someone looked up, it couldn't be missed. 

Anyhow, I have no idea what it was, but I've never seen anything like it in my life.
