{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-11 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2962,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5511022.json","updb_database_id":5511022}
(GS) 6 to 10 bright orange orbs. 2 were traveling east to west while the otthers hovered. 1 desended to almost the horizon the ascended again. Possibly chinese lanterns?

They might have been chinese lanterns but the flight path was a little strange for something like that. My girlfriend called me whilew she was driving home and told me to look up because there was 2 orange lights in the sky. I got excited and went out back to look but I couldnt see them. She tried to tell me where to look but it wasnt working. I couldnt find them. She was only a few blocks away so I ran out fron so she could pick me up and I could see them. She had already taken a few pictures on her phone and so were alot of other people who were driving next to her. After she picked me up she turned 1 corner and BAM! lights in the sky right in front of me. The 2 lower ones were hovereing and kind of moving side to side next to each other while the rest of them were motionless. 1 of them descended to almost to the horizon and then ascended again. We stopped a couple blocks after she picked me up to get a few more pictures. At this time several people were in there fron yards looking at the lights. 1 lady asked what they werew and I said they look like Ufos. and she said thats what she was thinking. We drove in there direction to get a better look and then another one appeared a little lower than them. After a few blocks they started dissapearing so we stopped to look again. At this time there was only 1 left and it kind of drifted up and dissapeared. The kinda looked like they were drifitin like baloons or lanterns at this point. But when I first saw them they were in a formation and not moving except for the 2 lowere ones. The light was flickerin like fire which made me think of the chinese lanterns. So I don't koow what we saw but it was really neat!!!!
