{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-19 19:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5289022.json","updb_database_id":5289022}
Looked like 100s of balloons or big drones

Was outside with my children, they were riding bike and the sun was setting behind the trees but not below the horizon yet. My 8 year old daughter points out a large group of things floating through the sky to the west and ask what it was. My first reaction from what I could see looking towards the sun was "100s of balloons", upon looking closer I realized there were many different sizes and shapes. I ran inside and grab binoculars and was able to get a better look. They floated from the west, east towards us but just to the south of us. As I looked through the binoculars I seen there were many objects some seemed much larger then others or they were just grouped together somehow. They were metallic and glinting either in the sunlight or emitting white light in pulses. The bigger objects have a single red light directly in the center and it was pulsing. The objects seems to hover in place for about 5 minutes and then drifted southwest until the left view in the binoculars and never returned. They were completely silent and floated like balloons but never floated up as balloons would. A few objects changed direction separately from the others but for the most part they stayed together as a whole. They did rise slightly in altitude but seemed to stay pretty close to the same altitude most of the time they were in view. They was a plane or helicopter that seemed to be flying near the objects, and we noticed all the birds in our area were flying northeast away from what we were seeing. I have seen drones before and can't imagine there being that many or that big and never returning to where they took off from. I have a video, not the best because it's on my cell phone and they were kinda far away.
