{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-11 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4869,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5493022.json","updb_database_id":5493022}
{cak} Saw soft glow apx 1 mile away, next saw huge bright white light appear closer at 1/2 mile from me. It changed to red seemed closer, turned white then red and was about 230 yards from me when I ran inside.

On June 11, 2015 at approximately 9:30 p.m., I went out onto my front porch to get some fresh air and look at the stars like I do most every night. I sat on my porch step, which faces north and looks out over the lake, driveway and trees. We live on 150 acres and sit up off the road on a hill. Our driveway is narrow, gravel and .09 miles long. You can1t see most of it because there are woods on both sides. When I look out at night all I can see when I face this way are the silhouettes of the trees against the sky. 

I had been sitting just a few minutes when I noticed a soft white glow at the back of the tree line straight down the middle of the driveway. To me it appeared as if it would be coming from where our driveway met the road. It had to be powerful and tall for me to be able to see from our house though because you never see anything from the road from the house we are just to high up. I thought maybe it could be a big utility vehicle working on the road because there are parts of many of the gravel roads in the area that are washing away from all of the rain. I watched for a moment and then it appeared to me that it was a bit closer. I decided that I should come in the house and put on shoes in case someone came up and needed to talk to me. I watched the front window while I was putting on my shoes to see if I noticed lights coming up the driveway but I didn1t notice any.

Using caution because I1m home alone, I slowly opened the door and peeked out to see if there was anyone outside. There was not. So I walked over to my spot again on the step and sat down. I don1t remember if I saw the glow, but the next thing I saw was a HUGE bright white light, almost blindingly bright, and multifaceted. It was right above the tree line, centered on the driveway. I could not see the tree line where this light was. It blocked everything. Then as quickly as it had burst bright white, it burst bright red but seemed to be closer when it did. I stood up, then saw it burst to bright white, then bright red. Each time it switched to the other color it appeared to lurch forward towards me. At this point I felt as if it were coming directly toward me and felt threatened. I ran in the house, grabbed my cell phone and the land line and called 911 while sending a text to my husband telling him to come home from work. I prayed that I would get through to someone before I lost power or became unable to use the phone. I was terrified, shaking all over and had a hard time breathing. This isn1t normal for me. I1m the curious type, I like to check things out and don1t scare easily. I am out here alone most of the time and have never been afraid like I was that night. I stayed on the phone with the police dispatcher for 45 minutes until a deputy arrived. He was wonderful and investigated the driveway and the area around the house and found nothing. He did not make me feel silly for calling and said to call if I saw anything that made me uncomfortable again no matter how insignificant I thought it might be. I came in the house when he left, made sure every light I had was on, surrounded myself with every weapon I had (4 of them, it just made me feel better) and sat afraid to move from the spot I was in, for the next 2 1 hours until my husband got home.

I1m not the best judge of distance but before writing this I went and looked where I saw this happen to give you my best guess at the distance it traveled. I did this in the daylight and with help from my husband. Starting with the glow I saw first, it would have been just under a mile from my front step, at the end of the driveway coming from below the tree line. In my estimation the first burst of bright white light was around the halfway point so it would have been about half a mile from my house. I pointed to where I saw the last burst of light, which was red and asked my husband to tell me how far from me. He has a spot marked in that area to sight in gun; it is 200 yards from the house. He said where I was pointing would be about 230 yards from my front door.
