{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-01 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118389","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5285022.json","updb_database_id":5285022}
Distinctly clear triangle has appears multiple times during day and night and doesn't move just stays static in one location

I first noticed an odd triangle shape just sitting static in the sky with red and blue lights. It did not move and sat there. I watched it sit in one place for 20-30 minutes (approx. 2am) and then I went to bed. Same thing several nights later. Several weeks later while throwing ball for the dogs in the backyard, I noticed this white triangle shape just sitting in the sky and not moving. I threw ball for 45 minutes and it remained in that one location. I got my husband and showed him. As it then got darker I tried to take a picture of it on my cell phone but the picture shows up as more of a white circle/blob when it is a very clearly distinct triangle to the naked eye. None of these objects moved location. Zero sound, zero movement. This has happened on/off for the last 6 months until last night....I again saw the triangle object in the sky with white lights at each point on the triangle. I had become "accustomed" to seeing these objects randomly over the months but this time I noticed there were several in various locations, not in a string, not in a line but just randomly around at what appeared to be different elevations because some of the white lights at the ends of the triangle were more distinct to see than others. I know in my short video clip and pictures it just looks like a bright star or circle bright blob but it is VERY clearly a triangle shape, my cell phone simply isn't able to capture it as how it actually looks. I can't give an exact date for the various instances as this has been going on for several months. The last instance was October 1, 2021. The exact times....I have seen then at 6:30pm (when playing in the yard with dogs and still daylight) and I have seen them when it gets dark at 8pm...10pm and the middle of the night 2-3am. The two occasions I have seen this object in the middle of the night, the ends of the triangle are not white but red and blue (again not an aircraft. My husband is a private pilot and I understand the lights on an aircraft and these are not moving objects) I have never seen when they do appear or depart, I just notice them when they are there.
