{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99000","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9490,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5462022.json","updb_database_id":5462022}
{jpg} Vibrating Blue Huminoid Entity

Received from Witness: 11MAR19

Thank You, Understood and I agree concerning the generic responses, I had some issues when entering my comments and navigating through the report itself. I didn't see a section to provide a narrative, I may have somehow skipped over it accidentally before submitting the report. It would be useful if the report had some prompts to help guide people through the process, and place emphasis in the sections that are essential, as this was my first time navigating through the report I was unfamiliar with the format. The report felt restricted and forced several of my responses to use the listed choices limiting my selection to what was available. I'll account for the event as best I can and answer the questions you posed to me in your previous email below. 

Back Ground, after retiring from Active Duty Army I secured employment in Iraq as a DOD contractor from 2004 through 2011, while assigned in Iraq I worked and lived on several Military Bases in support of the LOGCAP III base life support BLS [Basic Life Saving] contract. The event occurred on Al Asad Air Base in November 2011 as Coalition Forces were drawing down and pulling out of Iraq. As I recall starting sometime in late September of 2011 is when the encounter started with odd humming vibrations and a sense of a presence. The events that led up to the encounter started with daily reoccurring activities in my trailer including a humming vibration similar in sound to a bee hive as I would enter my trailer door (Sleeping Quarters), and when I would lay down for the evening I would feel a weight on my stomach that resembled the feeling of a small child sitting on my abdomen. This went on like clock work and would start upon arrival to my trailer every evening around 1900 to 2000 hours. I shared my concerns and observations with my Project Manager, he felt as if it were an evil presence and offered blessed salt and holy water to drive it out of my trailer. I excepted his offer and used the salt and holy water in an attempt to repel the presence. This had no effect on the daily occurrences as it continued like clock work up until last night in my sleeping quarters when the Entity made itself known. 

I was scheduled to demobilize from Al Asad Iraq on the 24th of November and return home to El Paso Texas as my contract was coming to an end. The process required me to out process and clear my property hand receipt prior to my departure including my sleeping quarters. The last night in my trailer was on 21 November and this is when the entity made its presence known to me. It was approximately 0100 AM when awoke to a pressure on my forearm, when I opened my eyes I saw a Blue Illuminated Vibrating Humanoid entity standing next to by bed with a firm grip on my Right Forearm. The being illuminated the entire room with a pulsating blue light, the entities body had horizontal bands of vibration pulsating on the surface of its body. The entity was not wearing any clothing. The being was approximately 4 to 5 feet in height, humanoid in appearance with two arms, two legs, and a odd non-human shaped head. The being did not have any visible details as to features including eyes, ears, mouth and noise. I did have a sense that the entities features were similar to our own, I'm not sure how I knew but I had the impression that the entity had similar features to humans. I was lying on my side and was unable to move, it felt as if the entity had some power over me, at the time I felt parallelized. In a panicked state I commanded the Entity in the name of Jesus Christ to leave my room, at this point the Entity vanished, I cant say exactly how it vanished, the details are a little fuzzy. I immediately sprang up to my feet, turn on the lights and began searching the interior of my room, the room was small and virtually empty. My possessions included two packed suit cases, the room furnishings included a single wide bed, metal wall locker and a small night stand with lamp. There was no one in my room, the room was empty, the door was locked from the inside the window was closed and locked as well. There was no indication that anything was in my room, so I ventured out side to look for indications of the visit, there were none. This had me second guessing the experience, I returned to the room and dismissed the event as a possible dream. This was not the case, I laid back down and before I could close my eyes the Entity re-appeared and the same events that transpired earlier repeated them selves including the grip on my forearm and ended with me commanding the Entity to leave. At this point I was not able to sleep and spent the remainder of the morning with the light on until daylight. I shared the experience with several coworkers. 

After arriving back in El Paso Texas, I started searching for an explanation for the event, its been been nearly eight years since the experience and I'm still searching for an answer. While working in Tucson Arizona on another Government Contract from February 2013 through February 2017 I had a chance encounters on several occasions with average looking people that were very intelligent and knowledgeable of Alien Abductions, and a wide range of New Age topics, two of these people introduced themselves while I was at the local book store and a third individual introduced himself at a different book store on another three occasions. If felt as if they knew who I was, all of the encounters with three individuals were awkward and the introductions started out as casual conversations where the individuals presented themselves as normal everyday average people. This was not case, One of the individuals shared in great detail his abduction experiences in an odd way, some how I was able to visualize and watch every detail as if I were seeing a movie, this has never happened to me before. I felt as if he was transmitting the images to my mind, he also shared some of his abilities with me including mind reading. I shared my experience with him and he elaborated on what he though it was, This is the first time I considered the possibility of a Magnetic Vortex (Bee Hive) serving as a portal for the Entity and the fuzzy account of the Entity vanishing as missing time hence possible abduction. He believed the experience to be Alien based on his experiences. The encounters with these three individuals is complex and would be difficult to account for in this report, in short I believe these individuals maybe Alien Human Hybrids and or Abductees. I drew this opinion after reflecting on the events and the artificial manner in which these individuals engaged in conversation, the third individual reminded me of working overseas with Foreign Nationals who didn't have a concept of our reality and would have problems connecting with us and our experiences in conversation. It felt as if the Chance meetings were orchestrated and they knew of my location, on the first occasion it started with One Individual walking up to me in a book isle and engaging in conversation, sharing his knowledge about abductions and then I noticed a Second Individual scanning the book store, he made eye contact and cut a bee line for us and jumped into the conversation pretty abruptly. I though at first the these gentlemen knew each other, this was not the case. The location was Barns and Nobel on Broadway Blvd, the conversation started around 1930 PM, the store closes at 1200 PM and which point we went outside to the front entrance where the conversations carried over until around 0500 AM in the morning. The two individuals did all of the talking, I listened and at 5 AM I told them I had to go to work, they said they had to go too, in an odd way...during the 10 Hours of conversation I never got there names, never felt compelled to use the rest room, experienced no stiffness or cramping in my leg. I have issues with frequent rest room visits and a botched knee surgery that causes numbness and cramping if I stand for prolonged periods, very odd. The third individual was even stranger and seemed to be a transplant, very intelligent, but socially awkward and appeared to be coached in his replies. During my conversations with this individual it seemed as if someone was telling him the responses to my questions, odd very odd.                  

My report doesn't have any scientific basis, my account as a witness to a personal experience is all that I have to offer, I never though of collecting evidence, or even pursuing reporting it until much later after event occurred. It wasn't until my conversation in the book store that I considered Alien, it opened my eyes to other possibilities.

I would be interested in knowing of other events similar to mine that been reported, and if so what was the circumstances.

I appreciate the opportunity to be heard, thank you
