{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-06 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88416","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5472022.json","updb_database_id":5472022}
{jpg} In my backyard I witnessed and filmed on nightvision one small beachball sized glowing orange sphere as it slowly and silently flew by at treetop level.

At 8pm on Feb 6th of 2016 I went out by myself to my backyard and set up my video camera on a tripod with a generation 3 night vision scope attached. I pointed the camera towards the southwest at a 45 degree angle and started filming. The night sky was clear,there wasn't much wind and it was about 25 degrees outside. I stayed outside for ten minutes but because of the bone chilling cold I went back indoors to warm up and I left the camera outside filming hoping to catch something unusual. I guess you could call it a kind of sky fishing.
I would go out and check the camera every ten minutes or so and then go back inside to warm up. At 8:45pm I go outside, check on the camera settings and I look up and I see an orange orb/sphere with a hint of red near the edge glowing like a mini sun silently and slowly heading in my direction at an angle. I immediately adjust the camera to make sure its still recording and that the glowing plasma like sphere is in the viewfinder. The orb was coming from the southwest in a straight line heading towards the northeast. It was about 50 to 60 feet in altitude and moving slowly,say 10 to 15mph as it took 90 seconds to fly by my position. It flew right over my backyard neighbors house which is set 15 feet lower than my place because of the topography of the land.
On the video because of the bright light of the sphere, it causes a halo effect with the night vision scope so the sphere appears bigger than it really is. It was about the size of a small beach ball. The closest it came to me was approximately 100 to 150 feet. The first tree the orb fly's behind was 45 feet away and the 2nd tree was 80 to 90 feet from where I was filming which I measured the next day with a laser range finder. during the sighting I was excited, calm and thank full.

The next morning at 9:30am while having breakfast, I noticed the faint hum of an engine and thought nothing of it. A few minutes later I noticed it again but it was a little bit louder this time so I look out the back kitchen window and I see a helicopter in the sky flying very low and slow circling the area. I grabbed my video cam and included a short video. I visually counted six laps around my house and neighborhood before it flew off. So I figure the copter did about 10 laps while doing his grid search. The helicopter was very quiet for being so low to the treetops. Notice the specialized tail rotor with twice as many blades and the enclosed tail rotor housing directing the sound horizontally and away from the ground. I've seen this type of copter circling the area on four different occasions.
