{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2691,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5466022.json","updb_database_id":5466022}
{jpg} Stepped outside to smoke with friend and observed white blue orb 7-10 feet hovering just below tree line 30 yards away. hovered then started moving slowly then zipped away in a flash, no noise. Perfect quiet night, no wind, moon or sound 0 deg out.

During the first part of Feb. 2010, I was house sitting for my father. My friend and I stepped outside to smoke a cigarette. It was about 0 degrees outside, no wind, no moon..no clouds. Very quiet. About 11pm.

We both lit our cigarettes and looked up at the same time to see a bright blueish white circle about 7-10 feet in diameter hovering about 30 yards away at about a 75 degree angle to the horizon from our position. It made no noise. I wanted to see if it was attached to something possibly that I was not seeing because maybe the light was preventing me from seeing it. So i looked away to see where I was running to run around to see the back side of it. When I looked up again it was gone. 

When I first saw it, it was hovering and then began slowly moving to the east (my right) picking up speed slightly...but still very slow...This is when I started to run to get a look from behind. 

I asked my friend what happened after I started running and she said it went for a bit stopped and then took off so fast it was out of site in an instant...I believe a slight upward angle....

She never believed in them before. I have done a lot of research before and after this event. 

My background is Naval aviation. I have over 700 hours as a naval helicopter crewman, and over 1000 hours in Boeing C-9 as a crewman with lots of low level and high level flight experience. I know and can identify many aircraft by size, shape, sound and light configurations.

I also have over 7 years of law enforcement experience as a sworn officer. 
I have a 4 year degree from a well known University. I do not use drugs. 

My experience did not scare me. It was not expected, but very interesting. I am still very curious as to why it would be hovering so close to me. I would be able to provide a detailed map and pictures if needed.
