{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3441,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5494022.json","updb_database_id":5494022}
{cak} 3 entities appeared to me as a child. They approached and I don't recall anything after.

I was about 6 or 7 years old when these entities appeared to me. I used to sleep with my mom since my parents relationship was heading in opposite ways so I slept with my mom and younger brother in the same room. I remember I awoke out of the blue one night and to my surprise or horror there were 3 entities standing about 5-6 feet away from the foot of my bed. They were small in size 2-3 ft and had the large eyes and very slim bodies. They almost looked like stick figures is the best way I can describe them. The one in the front was the smallest while the other two behind him were a little bit larger. They were not "grey" like so many describe them. They had a yellowish whitish luminosity around them. Almost like if their skin and bodies were part of that luminosity. I recall the one in the middle was the one I believe was in charge or wanted something from me. Upon seeing this sight, the first thing I did was cover my head with the blanket in total fear. 

My dad worked late on the weekends at a Jewish temple and on the weekends he would always come home around 3:00 am or later. So moments after seeing this sight I hear my dad coming home. The moment I heard him open the door I ran out of bed (they were gone) and said daddy please let me sleep with you I'm scared. He used to sleep on the sofa. Now being an adult I ask myself why didn't I tell my dad what I saw. I just told him I was scared to please let me sleep with him. What was odd is that my dad always used to put the television on then fall asleep watching it. That night he took his tux off and went right to bed on the couch with me. He fell asleep immediately. I was still up. Moments after he fell asleep these entities reappeared. This time they started approaching me I was vulnerable on the couch since I didn't have a blanket so they continued to approach to the point where I was frozen in fear and all I remember was kicking one.

I don't recall anything after that until that morning that I awoke and told my mom what happened. She asked me to draw what I had seen and she was shocked at what I drew cause she also saw something very similar when she was a child in Cuba. I don't know what happened to me but all I can say is I've also have had very weird experiences in my life. I've always felt that someone is watching me. I don't know if I was abducted or not since I don't recall anything after I kicked the entity however a few months after this incident my younger brother tells my mom her frying pan was flying around in our room. She also asked him to describe it and he used the chrome surrounding our medicine cabinet to best describe the light or frying pan as he described. Side note my mom and I have a weird red mark on the back of our necks.
