{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-29 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32970","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2626,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5523022.json","updb_database_id":5523022}
I noticed an oddly bright white light just east of Cambridge, Ohio.

At approximately 8:05 P.M. on October 29, 2011 we were returning home from a shopping trip into town when I noticed an oddly bright white light above the trees on a hill to the left (north) of state route 40 east of Cambridge, Ohio (just past the cemetery). At first I thought is was a light on top a drilling rig, as an oil and gas company has been moving in to that area. But then I noticed that it was moving.

As we proceeded east south east the object slowly crossed over route 40 just ahead of our car. 

I found the objects flight characteristics odd, it didn't dip or sway like a normal slow moving winged aircraft would. 

The white light appeared to dim a little as it crossed the roadway.

It was at this time that we noticed that there were three lights; one white, one blue and one red. All three lights were lit solid and not blinking like normal aircraft lights. My wife also noted that the object appeared to be tilted forward with the nose pointed down. It wasn1t until it crossed in front of us and continued south over a field as we passed under it1s flight path that I noticed that against the illuminated clouds from the nearby interstate lights that it was a solid dull black triangle shape with a light on each point of the triangle (white on the nose, blue on the right and red on the left). The three points of the triangle appeared to be rounded some what.

It also appeared to gain speed as it traveled farther south away from us before we lost sight of it. 

Its a dark stretch of road with not many places to stop safely, but I watched it as long as I could as my wife was the one driving.

At first I though the light(s)were odd but after seeing that it was one dull solid object it really struck me.
