{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-06-01 15:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59094","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2595,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5500022.json","updb_database_id":5500022}
I saw cigar like object either stationary or moving slowly for around 4 minutes.

I was a carer of mentally handicapped children on a mini bus with a driver. We were going to collect the children from daycare and had just left Ipswich Suffolk UK and were stopped at a traffic light controlled roundabout at Copdock on the A12, I was in the front passenger seat when I noticed an unusual object WNW of us not far of - possibly over the village of Rushbrook ? I said to the driver "look at that ! what is it ?" the driver said "I'm watching traffic Lin, I cannot look" I said "just there, a quick look Ray " he glanced at the object and said "it's that blimp from the pub; probably broken away". Just behind our position by a mile or two there IS a country pub that does have an ad' blimp above it but that was not what I saw and said so, it was a different shape, the pub blimp is squat, stubby, whereas this object was more Zeppelin shaped but with no features like the cockpit underneath. There were NO features at all, no lights, no fins, no wings, no marking that I could see. As we moved off around the roundabout and along the A12 I watched the object out of sight and said to Ray the driver that that thing is NOT the pub blimp ! He said we would come back to town past the pub and look later. So, about an hour and a half later we drove by the pub and saw the blimp still tethered there whereas the other object had gone. If it HAD have been the pub blimp that had broken away from it's tether then surely it would have taken longer than an hour and a half to retrieve it!
I asked around and looked in the local newspapers for several days after but nothing was reported. It struck me as very odd because of the shape, no cockpit, or any nav' lights flashing. It was either stationary or moving very slowly as it did not appear to move for the 4 minutes I watched it. Later, Ray agreed that it was not the pub blimp and it was oddly shaped. It was a uniform dark grey, almost black and had no windows.
