{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482022","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2913,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/022/mufon-5482022.json","updb_database_id":5482022}
{jpg} Wittnessed an orb directly behind and above me.

So the night before this sighting a friend and I were on the opposite side of where the event took place. It was on a gold course late at night. We thought we saw what looked like head lights coming towards us. We ran and hid and as we were laying on the ground they just disappeared. The next night we were walking across the golf course because it is a good shortcut to other parts of town. We passed the trail where we witnessed the "headlights" the prior night. Oddly enough we were discussing this with a third friend who did not believe in UFO or supernatural stuff. As the 3 of us are headed past the trail, we got on the other side of the tree line, about 150 feet away maybe a little more. I suddenly got the urge to turn around. I don't know why but I just felt the need to turn around. Like it was connected to me. What I saw blew my mind. I witnessed a large orb of light low to the ground behind the tree line, rising almost as if it were coming from the ground. I stopped my 2 friends and the non believer was in complete shock. As we stood there in awe watching this extremely bright orb of light seemingly hovering above the trees, it started coming towards us. At this point we are now walking again a little bit afraid, and we keep looking back at this orb and it's gaining massive amounts of ground. At this point it is right above us. We are now running, scared out of our minds. This orb was directly above us clear as day. It was like a metal ball. It looked heavy. It was like the color of a light bulb, except it was blinding. And it was humming. Really high pitch but quiet. And it gave off insane amounts of heat , like we were being burned by it. By now we have darted to the other end of the golf course and this orb is literally on top of us. We get to the trail at the end of the course(about 15 feet long) thru the woods that leads to the road. We get to the other side and look up and it's just disappeared. Like gone in thin air. To this day I have witnessed other things like this. But never as close. We were burning and sweating. We sat there catching our breath. And out of the corner of my eye I see this orb except it's light is off and it's just a black distortion going on over us. And then nothing. Now it was really gone.
