{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-26 05:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508291","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50202","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/291/mufon-5508291.json","updb_database_id":5508291}
{nd} Slow moving object. Sudden 90 turn. Pulsated. Brightened.

At approx 5:35am this morning, I stepped out into my backyard. I looked to my left. I observed an 
Object moving SW extremely slowly. If it hadnt been occluded by a small tree branch, I might not have noticed it at all. At that point, it was very dim. (I1m comparing magnitudes from nearby stars to estimate brightness of object.)
I stepped back across my yard to get a better view, when the object abruptly changed 901 South. That is, away from me. It did not bank like an airplane. At no time, viewing visibly, or with the 10 x 40mm binoculars I grabbed, did I see anything resembling an AC (Anti-Collision) light that would be on any aircraft. After a minute or two, the object began brightening and dimming.
I began seeing faint flashes of yellow light emanating from the object which began to 1dance1 up and down, staying in same approx space. Multiple flashes of light around the object after 10 minutes of observation object dimmed and became still.
I got a better look at it towards the end, as I believe it began gaining altitude. The object, which started out as a whitish color, gradually turned more yellow. At the end, it became a golden color, but I believe that was caused by the rising sun reflecting off of it. When it was brightest, I observed through the binoculars, that the end closest to me was conical, much like the bottom of the command module from the Apollo space program. I was viewing this from off to one side. The object appeared to taper off, but I couldnt tell if the other end was blunt, rounded or pointed.I wish I had thought to contact the control tower at Allegheny County Airport to see if they had a visual or radar contact. It should have been visible directly to their E or SE. I had to break off my observation at that point, in order to get to work on time.
I had to break off my observation at that point, in order to get to work on time.
(The next is some magnitudes for comparison.)
Delta Aquila is approx. a 3.5 magnitude star. This is the star that was closest to the object at the start of my observation. The object was dimmer at first, but became much brighter later.
At its brightest, I would say it was equal to viewing Saturn, which has a magnitude of 0.
Oh. Temp was approx 62. Wind was 4mph out of the south. Barometric pressure was approx 3.2 and steady.
