{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-09 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507291","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51418","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/291/mufon-5507291.json","updb_database_id":5507291}
{cak} Sighting of objects, uncontrolled actions, sighting of entities.

I felt a disturbance in my side. I began to think about alien related topics, such as telepathic communication with beings, possible abductions/contact in the past, etc. Against my control, I walked to a chair (one I usually don't sit in) in my living room and gazed out the back door. I noticed a bright glowing gold craft appear in the sky, shortly followed by another beside it. I ran outside to stare at them. They displayed movement and light in which I’ve never thought possible of any aircraft. I noticed they shut their lights off, and I turned around and noticed my parents inside my house. I went back inside to tell them the great news, but they dismissed it. My mom then left, and my stepdad went to bed. I kept staring out the back door, and I saw them again. I ran to my room to grab the dislocated scope of a gun to get a better look at them. When I went back outside, they were glowing very bright, with bursts of light. I walked out into a field to get closer. As I gazed upon the crafts, I felt an inner joy, a great bliss, in which I’ve never felt before. I periodically lost control of my body, and it seemed as if I offered myself to the crafts. I don't have much memory from that, but the next thing I remember was me holding up the scope to get a glimpse of the second craft, it seemed to come closer to me. I viewed it with detail, it looked like nothing I could even imagine. It also seemed to let out a white light, which seemed as if it was aimed in my direction. I then took the scope away and saw beings maybe 15 feet away from me. I became overwrought with fear, and I began to hyperventilate. I turned to run, but I didn't make it far. I found myself unable to control myself, and I turned around to stare at them more. It appeared as if one came towards me, and at that moment, I managed to turn and run away. I remained outside and called a close friend, emotionally breaking down. I still noticed the beings, but I looked away for a few seconds and they were gone, and I saw the crafts in the sky again. As I write this, I grow uncontrollably tired, and I feel the disturbance in my side once more.
