{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-18 11:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285291","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118117","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3547,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/291/mufon-5285291.json","updb_database_id":5285291}
Saw 13 lights flying in formation

On the morning of September 18, 2021, I was in my backyard looking up the sky when I noticed one bright light making its way towards my direction. Looking to the right of this I saw 12 more objects/lights moving in formation across the sky.

I called my mother to come to see the UFO's, as this was not my first time seeing a UFO nor was it hers. I literally asked the first object to turn and move to right above my head. 

The first object then turned to the right and started to change direction towards me, it didn't move directly above me, instead, it went in the direction of the other objects/lights. At that time a plane was taking off from Cape Town International Airport, as the plane was ascending we could see that these objects/lights/UFOs were much much higher.

I then called my neighbor, Stefan, to witness this as I have told him about my previous sightings. I then went to grab my phone and started to record the UFOs. Unfortunately, my camera could not zoom in that far and I was not able to catch all of them, however, I was able to catch a brief glimpse of the First UFO I saw. This is at 37 seconds into the 1-minute video.

I also have two videos that I took earlier this year. I have been having sightings since December 2020 just before the conjunction of Saturn and Jupiter. In early Feb 2021, there was a bright light below the clouds that hovered above Cape Town International Airport, well it seems like that from judging the distance from my vantage point. The light was stationary for about 10-15 minutes. As I came to my backyard something told me to look up and I saw the light. I was heading to get my phone but something told me that my phone won't work to take video. I then proceeded to walk to the shop which is about 5-7 minutes away from my house. The object was stationary and just sat there. I watched for another 2-3 minutes trying to figure out what it could be. I stood outside the shop and just kept my eyes focused on it.

I then proceeded to make my way home, on route I kept looking back to see if it is still there. About a minute from my house, I looked back and could not see it. Something told me to look straight up and I saw the object flying slowly right over my head and I could see that it was a solid silver object. It was circular and had some kind of opening at the bottom. I could also see that there was some kind of blue/purple plasma immitting from the bottom and that ran around and over the object.

When reviewing the video I made, I noticed a disc-shaped craft that I could not see with my eyes as it moved that fast, it is at 34 second, when you freeze the video you can see a white/silver flat/disc-shaped object. At 37 seconds the video shows the one bright light which was the first object i saw, the others were to far/high for the camera.

I am not able to upload the video though, as Im submitting this from another device and not my phone
