{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492291","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67257","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2218,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/291/mufon-5492291.json","updb_database_id":5492291}
my girlfriend witnessed my abduction and was allowed to observe my examination, I was unconscious, and have no memory of event.

This is more an abduction case than a sighting. I would also like to add before I get started, that my father has memories of being abducted at least 4 times in his life, and spoke with them. 
 Ok... well I woke up one morning to find my girlfriend (diane jones) starring at me, she instantly started crying and ran out of the room. After putting clothes on I went into the kitchen where she was, and she couldn't look at me. She was shaking and in shock. After about a half hour of talking and comforting her this is what she said. 
  It was in the middle of the night when she felt me moving in bed. When she rolled over and opened her eyes I was about a foot or 2 above the bed. The ceiling was glowing and there was a buzzing or humming sound. I was still rising up so she grabbed my hand to stop me. 
The next thing she knew she standing beside me, I was on a metallic table and there a small grey checking me with unknown metallic instruments. 
A tall grey came forward and with telepathy told her that they allowed her to come up to observe, to see that i wasn't being harmed. After watching them do something to me the next thing she knows we are being put back in bed. Thinking that it was all a bad dream but knowing it wasn't, she stayed awake for the next couple hours watching me. Until i woke up. 
  I dont know if there are memories as was aperantly not aware or even conscious. 
  I would be interested in a regression of this event or other events I may have blocked
