{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-15 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505291","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53572","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3020,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/291/mufon-5505291.json","updb_database_id":5505291}
{rjl} Observed a bright red light emerge from mountain top, then move SE over mountain. Unfamiliar and extremely loud helicopters followed, about three minutes after.

1) I was on the south side of Taos New Mexico, in Llano Quemado with my girlfriend. We were having a dispute about something I cannot recall, outside on the porch. 

2) We observed a very bright light emerge from the top of Picuris peak to the southwest of us, and move slowly and soundlessly towards the Sangre De Cristo mountain range to the southeast of us. We noticed it because it was very bright and was definitely not an aircraft, it looked more like a star. There was nothing that appeared metallic about it, it did not blink, it did not make sound, it just hovered very slowly and emanated a red glow.

3) We didn't think much about what it was, it was so surreal and out of the ordinary we just stopped arguing completely and watched silently. Speculation later as to what it could be led us to numerous possibilities but we were unable to come up with a legitimate explanation. 

4) It looked like pure light and there's no point of reference for me to identify it. It was just a flying red star-like orb that appeared to come out of the mountain, it's just not something you see everyday.

5) Feelings were, the best I could describe a form of awe and confusion, knowing my mind could not wrap around what it was I was seeing. 

6) We lost sight of the object as it passed over the mountain range. We went back inside for a few minutes to discuss what we had seen when the entire house began to shake and the loudest rumble sounds I have ever heard. Running back outside we saw jets, helicopters, and a very large helicopter (the source of the deafening sound) that flew right over our house in the direction of the orb. The large heli appeared to have two or three blades, maybe more, and almost looked rectangular. I had never seen such an aircraft before or heard a helicopter that loud, and assumed they were pursuing the orb-like object.

I have yet to identify what it was we saw. If the military was chasing it, as it appeared to be very urgent to them, I can only assume it was a foreign craft or object that was invading US airspace. It could also be something else entirely. This has been one of the most significant events of my life because of how surreal and intense it was, and because we still have no idea what we'd witnessed.
