{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-15 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488816","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70823","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3222,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/816/mufon-5488816.json","updb_database_id":5488816}
Apparently spherical object that emerged from a

I was bringing my dog for an early morning walk. I am a keen photographer and so had my camera with me. I am annoyed by the "chemtrails" left by planes and sometimes take photographs which I subsequently post on some Facebook pages.

This particular morning I observed a plane spraying a trail with another plane following directly behind it, apparently within the trail. I photographed this. A check on Flightradar24 later revealed the planes to have been within a kilometer of each other which is something that I have never observed before and which I believe to be against aviation protocol.

Anyway, I continued my walk. When I see "chemtrails" I am prone to looking up at them and muttering about them. The dog is well used to this, I think!

When I was returning back up the road on which I live at approximately 07.45, I was doing my customary grumping and glancing up again at the "chemtrail" which had been left by the two planes I saw a glint of light. The sun was to the east and still quite low in the sky and it appears that the glint could have been sunlight reflecting off of the object.

I switched my camera to video mode and captured brief footage of an object emerge from the "chemtrail", make and abrupt turn in a (I think) a north westerly direction and accelerate away at a sped much faster that at which the planes I had observed earlier were travelling. It was literally over in seconds.

I have to say that what I saw disturbed me quite a bit. It was some hours before I could bring myself to look at the footage, let alone download it to my computer. Even after I had done that, it was still some time before I could show it to or discuss it with anyone.

Encouraged by the knowledge that other people have observed similar pheonomena, I have posted the video footage on a couple of "chemtrail" Facebook pages.

I know that the fact that I saw something that I can't explain doesn't necessarily mean that it is automatically of extra terrestrial origin. That said, I saw something that I cannot identify or explain.

I have attached a photograph of the two planes to give an idea of scale and video footage of the planes and the object.
