{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-06-30 17:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459816","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3075,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/816/mufon-5459816.json","updb_database_id":5459816}
{rjl} Non reflective wedge shaped object hovering above the trees. Size of a small car. Instantaneous acceleration toward the NE.

At the age of 10 I witnessed a strange object hovering above the trees directly across the street from my home. It was during the summer months and the time of day was toward the late afternoon. As a child I was constantly outside till past dark during the summer. My home did not have AC and the exterior was always cooler even on the hottest days. On this day I was playing in the driveway. I noticed a grey wedge shaped object hovering above the trees directly across the street. My entire street is lined with elms. My side of the street has telephone poles and the opposite side does not so the trees are allowed to grow taller. At the top of a tree which is now at least 80 ft tall, I saw the following. A wedge shaped object similar to the shape of a computer mouse. Completely non reflective. Initially showing no apparent angles. It made no sound, had no windows or lights. Today I can say It was between the size of a Fiat and a Mini Cooper. It did produce some air flow which made the top of the tree billow. The only sound was of the branches rustling against themselves. As a child I assumed it was a helicopter but that was my associative reasoning kicking in. I called for my parents but they did not come. I darted in and out of the house calling them and they did not come. At this time I had 3 siblings between the ages of 6 and infancy. As I reflect on it now, it was as if I was home alone. Not wanting to lose sight of the thing I made minimal effort in trying to locate my family. I jumped up and down waving at the thing till it left. It's departure was the most amazing. As it left it slowly rotated from a North facing direction to a North East facing direction. This is when it went from a heavily rounded wedge to a more angled wedge. At this point I could see faint raised lines along the side. Two to be exact. Then in the span of a breath to shot out of sight. Had I blinked I could not attest exactly as to how it left. I would like to say that I know it's directionality because I live in a valley where my street runs directly North toward the mountains. East of my house is the San Gabriel River. West of my house is the Rio Hondo. I have always know the location of my home in relation to these natural features. I live inside a region locally know as the Emerald Necklace. Thanks for taking the time to read my story.
