{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-12-23 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548816","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8020","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2789,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/816/mufon-5548816.json","updb_database_id":5548816}
Giant beam of light in the back yard

I was approx. 11-12 yrs old and I was visiting my grandmothers for christmas. It was about 11:30 at night and everyone had already gone to bed. My cousin and I were sleeping out in the living room on the fold out couch. My cousin and I were still awake and about ready to watch a t.v. show when all of a sudden the back yard was lit up by a huge beam of light. We immediately shut off the television. We sat there looking out the sliding glass door at the light from the couch for about 2 min.
Now I always try to think rationaly about odd situations such as this one. The first thing I did was check the windows to the left and right to see if the other houses lights were on, but they weren't. It was only our back yard that was illuminated. My cousin and I began to panic and woke up our grandmother to come and see what we were witnessing. She got out of bed and came out to the living room to see. After about 1 min. we went right up to the sliding glass door to see if we could get a better view above to try and identify the source of the ligt. Unfortunately we couldn't. I remember checking to see if here light switch was turned on and it wasn't. Even if it was the back yard wouldn't be saturated in light like it was. Now thinking rationally about the situation and I thought it might be a hellicopter but there was absolutely no sound what so ever coming the the object. We had been watching the light for approx. 2 min. when all of a sudden the beam of light started to pan from left to right. At this time we got a little more concerned. We continued watching the light for about 6-7 more mins. when all of a sudden it disappeared.
The most defining moment about the situation that convinces me that it was a ufo was that there was no sound comming from the source of the light and the fact that as the light was moving from left to right it was moving at an even steady pace, not jerky as if a human was controling it. After the light disappeared my cousin, grandmother, and I went to bed. I remember being ver frightened and was concerned that the craft would land and I was about to have an encounter w/a being. Eventualy I we all fell asleep.
