{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-14 22:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526149","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/149/mufon-5526149.json","updb_database_id":5526149}
small red star, moving from one edge of the sky to the other in fast quick jumps, pauses, change of direction, change of color, to out of sight

I always sit outside at night staring at the stars. I have a favorite bright red star that is usually right above my backyard patio. I was watching the sky when something to the right of my favorite star caught my eye. Tonight a small "red Star" (which later turned to a white normal star color) was flying up from a little left of the end of the "handle" of the big dipper, up and over my head, "jumping" very quickly, then pausing almost a full stop, then would begin moving at a steady pace, then pause, then shoot off a different direction at a very quick pace, then slow again, then "jump" into movement again, from steady to very fast pace/speed. I watched it go overhead, pass by the moon and over to the complete opposite side of the sky from which i saw it rise, and then eventually shoot off, and disappear from sight. It seemed very high up, and looked like a moving star. I have seen satellites in the sky with and without telescopes and I live close to an airport so I am very familiar with identifying planes and helicopters. This was very odd to see an object which changed speeds, directions, and seemed to pause and then jump back into motion. It stopped fully in two spots in the sky, right before it traveled out of sight. it stopped, like it was taking it's place among the stars in a set lil constellation or something, and then shot off, or just became invisible to eye sight. No sound at all, again it seemed very high up but was so interesting i did not stop watching, I even waited a few minutes after it disappeared from sight to see if it would reappear, but it did not. I have seen odd activity in the night sky from my backyard before, I actually usually see stars moving from their set place in the sky every night, and have shown it to family and friends when they have the patience to sit and watch. Stars moving in zig zag patterns, shooting up then down or in odd patterns, not just shaky side to side star movement, full on totally noticeable distances at quick speeds and then random changes in direction. It is very confusing, but intriguing, which is why i always go outside to watch the stars, I love to watch and wonder what exactly it is I am seeing and why. I would very much like to know what it is and what is going on. I do not have a camera that is strong enough to capture the stars in action but hope to be able to purchase one soon. My boyfriend and our good friends have seen the stars move in the sky before and have gotten freaked out, it happens so much its not scary, its exciting and a puzzle. I was calling to him to come outside and see this "red star" move all over and across the sky tonight but he didn't hear me call him. It was very fun to witness, and it's more fun to share the sights with people, as an exciting moment to share, and as a validation that I am not the only one seeing it, and that I am not crazy or hallucinating. :)
