{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-04-13 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288149","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115220","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2274,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/149/mufon-5288149.json","updb_database_id":5288149}
3 orbs fixed in a tringle seen hovering then movie g VERY fast leaving solid line and vanishing. No noise

I am now 32, and i was about 9 when this took place. I got picked up on the school bus one morning and took our usual route. We were passing a very large cow field like always but the driver stopped the bus. I would have never noticed on my own. I sewn my bus driver taking pictures on a wind up Kodak camera. I looked up in the direction he was aiming along with the other kids on the bus. We all witnessed the same thing. There were 3 bright blue orbs floating high above the field in a triangular position. One orb on each point of the triangle. It was a clear day with no clouds and blue sky's. You could see the blue sky between the orbs as if they were not connected, but when the UFO moved they stayed in perfect shape and unison in a perfect triangle. The UFO sat for what felt like 2-3 mins. It was as of it knew we had a seen it. It began to move slowly in a single direction moving away to the left of us. It gained speed in a swift motion and left so fast that it left a brief blue line in its path. All along making zero noise. We didnt know what to think. No one took us serious and i was so excited to see the pictures my bus driver took and prove our story. The next morning when i got on the bus thw driver showed me the developed pictures. Each picture from that morning was distorted and had waves going across it. We couldnt prove anything. I was so let down to not be able to prove anything or provide evidence, but i know what we saw. I just hope someone off that bus remembers and has reported it also. That day changed my life. Thanks for your time.
