{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-21 11:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474149","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86190","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3111,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/149/mufon-5474149.json","updb_database_id":5474149}
{rjl} Taking pictures of total eclipse - caught a series of 4 pictures with an object curving around sun

I and my family were at a park in Shelley, Idaho to watch totality of the eclipse. Right before totality, I was attempting to capture the phenomenon of Bailey's Beads or the diamond ring effect on the moon so I was taking a series of multiple pictures. I didn't see anything at that time. When I looked back at my pictures, I noticed an object which was gold or brown. If you think of the sun as a clock, the object first appeared around 11 o'clock, then the next picture it was about 9 o'clock, then 8 o'clock, then 7 o'clock. After this, the eclipse had reached totality and the sky was too dark to see this object through the lens. Obviously, I had focused my lens on the sun, so this object is blurry. I and my family were caught up in the excitement of viewing the eclipse, so none of us actually saw this object. When I showed the pictures to the other family members who were present, no one remembered seeing it - even though we were able to take off our protective glasses at the point the pictures were taken and I had taken off the solar filter on my camera. I have some possible explanations - there were some small airplanes who were taking tourists up to see the eclipse in the sky in a neighboring city (Rexburg), but again, no one witnessed nor heard an airplane in the area. It could have been a drone, but we didn't see any drones in this park - it was relatively isolated by the Snake River and there were some local people, but no one in our family party noticed a drone. Of course, it could be a bird, but it almost looks like the light is reflecting off of it. In the last picture I submitted, there is a light white object in the lower left which my space-obsessed son had already identified as the planet Venus - and a viewer can see that the object in the previous 4 photos was not Venus as it is a different color. I would really appreciate it if you can give an opinion!
