{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-03 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286149","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/149/mufon-5286149.json","updb_database_id":5286149}
Observed brilliant Red object for 30 miles from a moving car. Object flew in all directions, landed near several other lights, then ascended.

While driving from June Lake, CA to St George, UT, the Google shortest route took me down the whole 100-mile length of Nevada State Road 375, also know as "The Extraterestial Highway', from NW to SE. I also reported an incident that occurred about 30 minutes earlier on this trip. See report number 117246.

  At approximately Nye County milepost 35 on Nevada State Road 375, I first noticed a bright red light at a low inclination, perhaps 5 or 10 degrees, to the right of my direction of travel by perhaps 15 degrees. It was a pulsating red light that I first thought was stationary. For 15 or 20 miles I only caught occasional short glimpses of it. It was a moonless night and I could not see any terrain except for that near the highway that the car headlights illuminated. I attributed my intermittent sightings of this red light to unseen mountains or hills on the right side of SR 375 that were blocking my view of it most of the time. I thought during this time that the red light was probably a warning light atop a distant radio tower.

   When I was near the left curve on SR 375 about 20 miles northwest of Rachel, NV, I saw ahead of me and off to my right the pulsating bright red light again. It was far larger in apparent size and brightness now than Venus, and its color was a pure ruby red, not like the pastel red lights I reported in report number 117246. I could see the pulsating bright red light moving now. Also, I could occasionally see at least five other lights below it. These other lights were stationary, not nearly as big or bright, and arrayed horizontally below the pulsating bright red light as it moved back and forth over them. The stationary lights included a flashing blue light, a white light, and at least three other red lights, some steady, and some flashing or pulsating.

   The motion of the pulsating bright red light was very weird. Although I only saw it move slowly, never more than a few degrees per second, it made instantaneous 90 degree turns, and it appeared to instantaneously jumped from one location to another perhaps 2 or 3 object diameters away. When it changed altitude, it only did so vertically, straight up or straight down. Sometimes it moved in a stairstep fashion with alternating short vertical and horizontal movements with instantaneous right angle turns between movements while maintaining a nearly constant speed. Sometimes when moving horizontally, it would make apparently instantaneous jumps of 2 or 3 object diameters every two seconds or so in a series of several consecutive jumps. I've before never seen any flying object move this way or emits as much light. 

   One time when I saw the pulsating bright red object directly off to my right, I also had a long lasting view for 2 or 3 minutes of the stationary lights below it as well. I saw the object descend vertically down to the level of the stationary lights arrayed horizontally beneath it. Its bright red pulsating glow lit up a large area of flat ground around the stationary lights, and this showed clearly that the stationary lights were on the ground. The ground appeared to be at least a mile and perhaps several miles distant and to be at a lower elevation than the highway. The object's brilliant red glow also lit up a darker hill behind the large flat area. Some of the stationary lights were at the edge of this hill. The pulsating bright red object landed on the ground among the stationary lights on the ground, or it hovered very close to the ground. In less than a minute it began to vertically ascended again. Shortly afterward, it and the lights on the ground disappeared from view, probably behind a mountain.

   Down the road a few minutes later, I saw the pulsating bright red object again, this time very close to the highway at about a 30 degree inclination. It was closer, larger, and brighter still. That's when I saw most of the weird motion I described.. The pulsating bright red object disappeared and reappeared several times as I passed unseen hills or mountains that intermittently blocked my view. As I approached Rachel, NV, I could only very occasionally catch a glimpse of the bright red object to the right and slightly behind me..
