{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-06-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528149","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27442","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3103,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/149/mufon-5528149.json","updb_database_id":5528149}
This is an encounter as relayed to me by my Father

This account was relayed to me by my father. Please let me make it clear that my father was not a story teller, very seldom did he talk about his life unless asked. He called me one day in the early 90's, him calling me was odd in and of it's self, as I was the one that called him usually. His voice seemed different, tense, then out of the blue he said he had some thing to tell me, I got rather conserned as there was an urgency in his voice that I had " never " heard before. He proceeded to tell me about an event that took place near Pike Lake Sask. Can. at my Grandparents place. He and his brother Paul were sitting around the kitchen table just talking passing time, killing the after noon together when they desided they would head outside and putts around in the yard, as they headed out the back door my uncle Paul in the lead and my father close behind, Paul stepped into a "bright " light that was coming from above and my father was frozen in the door way, literaly. He said he tried to move but was unable to, he stood there and watched as his brother carried on a conversation with what ever was up there as his gaze was fixed up at the source of the light. Dad said he was not speaking in any language that he could recognize. He (dad) had no idea how long they were there for. When the light left he fell forward through the doorway, and asked his brother "what the hell just happened, and who the hell were you talking too"? His brother just turned around looking at him like 'he' was crazy as he didn't know what he was talking about. His brother had no memory of what had just happened, and left my father with the heavy burden of keeping the secret because who would beleive him. He followed that up with another event that took place on that same property but to my grandfather some years before that. After he was done I could hear the relief in his voice, and we never talked about it again. I myself am sure I saw what I would call UFO's back in the 70's, so I didn't write my dad off as a nut. I have great respect for my father, and only known him to be a man of his word. I happen to be channel serfing and caught an episode of MUFON on the ID channel, and something triggered the memory and I thought I would share it. If you are intrested I can relay the rest pertaining to my grandfather. I am not much of a typer, and would prefer an actual conversation. Thank you for your time, Regards *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
