{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-09-11 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452149","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6301,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/149/mufon-5452149.json","updb_database_id":5452149}
Green streak in sky

To begin with, keep in mind that this is the evening of Sept. 11th, 2001. Earlier in the day were the terror attacks and all commercial aircraft were grounded. At this time in my life I was working overnights at a bakery and so I sleep during the day. This particular day I went to bed later than usual because I was watching the TV coverage of the attacks. I woke up around 6pm, made some food and watched the sunset. I didn't have to go to work this particular night so I stayed home thinking about the day's events and what that meant for living a "normal" life again. I looked out my back door and noticed how the sky seemed exceptionally clear when it occurred to me that this is what it probably looked like to our ancestors and how I've never seen a night sky without aircraft flying through it. I did notice a few satellites passing by but they were not really that noticeable. I found a sense of calm and peace that I was seeking and decided to take a walk to make this moment last as long as possible.

I had planned to walk in the neighborhood and started walking along the streets and sidewalks. But while I was "meditating" (deep in thought while walking) I felt compelled to walk in a different direction. I initially tried to ignore it but eventually I chose to walk into the woods. At night. Without a flashlight. I had never gone into the woods after dark without two sources of light before and now I was going spontaneously with nothing. I really don't know why I chose to do this other than I felt compelled to go and ended up deciding to go. I didn't actually hear any voices but yet I felt like I was being communicated with - as if being told in my mind that if I didn't go I would miss out on something special.

I hiked the woods and trails frequently and so I knew my way around. The darkness was still disorienting though. Eventually I reached a clearing and decided to look up at the stars again. That's when I happened to notice a greenish streak in the sky. It looked like a shooting star except this one was green light and not the normal white flash and streak. And this one seemed to last about three time longer than what I usually see when I see shooting stars. And it seemed a lot closer to the ground than the ones way up high. From my point of view it went behind the limb of the mountain but then 2 seconds later there was a huge flash in the sky from the direction it was heading. A few moments later I heard a clap of thunder and wondered if the streak had crashed or exploded in the air or something. And so I began to hike deeper into the woods and upwards to get around the mountain to see if I could see anything else.

After about 15 minutes I came to another clearing and looked around trying to see if there might be flames or a response from emergency crews. Nothing! As if nothing happened. So I looked to the sky again to try to get my bearings as I was now in a part of the woods and trail system that I was unfamiliar with and to try to approximate where the green streak might have been headed and/or crashed. And this time while I was looking up I noted three stars, nearly in a perfect triangle formation but not quite perfectly spaced, moving overhead. My first thought was more satellites but then I noticed that the stars behind it would ever so briefly flicker as the edges of the triangle would pass. It seemed odd so I kept watching. As the formation kept moving the stars would flicker as the formation went through them. After a few minutes I had to conclude that it wasn't satellites but a solid object with edges. Yet, I couldn't see any actual object other than these three "stars" that were near the three points of the triangle shape. It was almost as if the craft were invisible with the only clues it was even there being the three white lights that looked like stars and the flickering of the stars as the assumed edges of the triangle caused the starlight to briefly flicker. When it was directly overhead I was thinking I should have heard some noise or sounds of propulsion or something, right? Nope. It was completely silent.

I immediately assumed that it had to be military aircraft as those were the only craft allowed to fly in our airspace that night but then again it wasn't like anything I had ever heard about or seen before. After I watched the "craft" continue southward and then over the horizon I decided to look once more for signs of a fire or response from the authorities if the green flash had indeed crashed into the mountain or ground. Nothing. But then I noticed a blue flash, similar to the green one, flash across the sky and on past the northern horizon. 

Maybe it was a secret military craft. I really don't know. But it was odd how I felt compelled to go into the woods with the thought that I was going to witness something amazing. And then I witnessed these things. Perhaps the two shooting stars were just a coincidence? Perhaps. Or maybe they had something to do with the "invisible" triangle? I don't know. But I've since learned about these triangular crafts from other people and sometimes they're described as being black, other times as cloaked. Then in the last year or so I was reading an article about how it could be theoretically possible for a spy plane to project an image from above itself to the underside of the craft so that it would look nearly invisible to an observer under the craft. 

I've decided others may benefit from my experience just as I benefited from others who shared their experiences with me. So, I'm now filing this report almost 19 years later. Who knows, maybe other people saw this too or saw the green streak explode/crash?
