{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-22 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292149","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2227,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/149/mufon-5292149.json","updb_database_id":5292149}
Two starlike objects

It was around 10:15pm. Around the campfire, was completely silent. I was watching the stars and noticed a falling star above my head which was east. I turned to my partner and said to look up there was a falling star and make a wish. I kept watching and it didn’t fall. It instead went pretty well straight north. He said satellite but I had never seen a satellite move that quickly before. I happened to look back up after the first one disappeared into the distance. Another “star” that was completely stationary started to move. I was in shock another was moving so we just kept watching. It went a straight path for a little ways and then it stopped and looked to be hovering. I could tell it was moving while it was stationary, also like nothing I’ve seen ever before. It then got so bright. It was the brightest light I have ever seen looked like white blue light. My partner laughed n said hey he turned his high beams on. After the bright light died down the light took off in the same direction as the first light. Never seen any emissions or sound. They travelled like nothing I’ve ever seen in the sky before. Never seen any sign of emissions or sound. Was absolutely fascinating. Whether this is connected or not I don’t know but days before that planes were flying over top of the lake lot, extremely low. I took video of the planes cause it shocked me. I tried videoing the second “light” when it was travelling but on screen it was fuzzy and I just didn’t want to miss it for myself so I put the phone down. If you would like a sketch of it I would be more than happy to do that as well
