{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495149","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3266,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/149/mufon-5495149.json","updb_database_id":5495149}
{dr}looked out window for slim chance to see aurora borealis, saw instead a UFO gliding pretty low and slow

I was watching T.V and it was the night of which there was supposed to be a huge aurora borealis show over even the northern most of the US. So at 12:00AM Wednesday, March 18 2015 (00:00 military time) I turned off the T.V. and tried to look out various windows in hopes of seeing some of the aurora borealis. Instead, out of the second story window, almost directly above the house tops across the street (I live in a house complex) I saw a pink-ish, yellow-ish, white-ish glowing disc shaped object. It looked like your classic UFO but I quickly thought to myself, it can't be a UFO it's got to be a plane there's just no way. But I kept staring at it trying to figure out what it looked like and everything, to kind of try and prove to myself that it was just a plane. But it didnt make sense that there was no noise, it was bigger than a traditional plane, lower than a plane should be, and definitely didn't look like any plane or other flying vehicle I've ever seen before. I then hurried to grab my phone and try to take a video of it, but oddly enough it did not show up on the video, instead exactly where the UFO I saw with my naked eye, was a blurry weird kind of reflective like thing showing up on the video. I then just stared at it with my naked eye and kept recording to the best of my ability without looking at the phone, because I wanted to observe the UFO to the best of my ability and couldn't view it through the video. The UFO looked as if it was glowing, and very slowly pulsated between glowing a very light pink to a light yellow to a white, it would change colors visibly about every 5-15 seconds. It seemed as if it was staying at the same altitude, but it was moving kind of in an elliptical line around my house (from the view I had of it for the quick minute or 2 I had sight of it) not really a straight line, it seemed very close in distance (around a mile away or so would be my guess) and very low in altitude (right above the tree/house line) it went from the right side of my view to the left (sorry, I don't know my directions and do not currently have a compass to provide you with which geographical direction it was moving in) and was consistent in size as it moved across (which is why I say it moved in an elliptical motion rather than a straight line). To the left of my house is a small hill, in which the UFO eventually flew behind the tree line of the hill as it moved to the left side of my view/house and I lost sight of it. The entire duration of which I was able to view the UFO was about 12:03AM to 12:05AM (00:03-00:05).
