{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-20 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2736,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5527962.json","updb_database_id":5527962}
3 bright, visible lights attached to a possible faint craft

I was sitting in my apartment when I noticed the bright lights through my window. My window looks out west, as I am only a few miles away from Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport. I see planes come and go all day, as they tend to fly right over me. Therefore, when this object caught my eye, my initial reaction was to coordinate the visible object to a plane. Or at least convince myself it was just a very bright street lamp- I also have a lovely view of a freeway. However, it just didn1t look the same. It stood out. I knew in my heart it was neither a light nor a plane, which is why I couldn1t keep my eye off that 1thing1 in the sky. 

It was stationary at first and about the same height as the freeway lights- but something made me keep staring. It then descended, which made me alert. I could still barely see it underneath the bridge of the highway. Because it descended in the direction of the airport, I told myself it was a plane. Yet for some reason, I still couldn1t peel my eyes away from the sky. I went to get my cell phone, and when I looked back up- the object was back up in the air! It was then I ran and got my camera- a Canon Powershot SX20. 

I zoomed in as much as possible. I noticed it gradually going down to the ground again, only this time it was heading (my left) of the airport. Almost as though it knew I was taking pictures so it went to hide, because it was stationary until my photoshoot began. It was then I fully realized this was no plane- for planes cant fly like that! They cant go down, then back up, and then down to the side! Furthermore, it was extremely quiet- too quiet. I only got a few good pictures because my camera couldn1t keep good focus1 but the ones I did get1 wow. Unlike anything I have ever witnessed. This was real.
