{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69639","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2441,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5489962.json","updb_database_id":5489962}
{rjl} Black triangle with green lights hovered, zoomed. Hallucinations and blackout after.

It was Halloween night of 2014, and I had gone to the woods to meditate. I finished around midnight and returned to the city. At the time of the encounter, I was standing by a busy street about to cross. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw something so I looked up and was met with a large black equilateral triangle hovering with one red light in the center and three green lights at each angle of the shape. A few seconds later, it zipped through the sky quickly above the buildings, where I lost sight of it.

I blacked out shortly after seeing the object and awoke at my house, where I slowly pieced together what had happened the night before. 

I had experienced vivid hallucinations of the Greek siren spirits singing to me, whispering, entities I cannot recall even the slightest image of. I remember walking home, stumbling as my coordination had been slightly diminished because I was delirious, and remembering how I had seen the object. I believed it was a psychopomp, an angel in the sky, coming to guide my dying soul to the afterlife. I remember feeling comforted and content with my death, not upset at all. The object made me feel happy and guided. Upon awakening, I felt as if I had died and was reborn.

After that night I was never the same. I continued to experience hallucinations, delusions, catatonia / psychological paralysis, inability to think properly, and lack of motivation. Two months later I had gone catatonic and was admitted to the mental hospital. Two months after that, I was diagnosed with schizophrenia. To this day I experience these symptoms, and I cannot answer the question: was what I saw a hallucination that appeared because of illness? Or did my encounter with the object cause my descent into madness?
