{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-06-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87441","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2572,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5472962.json","updb_database_id":5472962}
{rjl} Bright ufo hovered, observed, instant impossible speed, 90degree turn straight towards my moving car.Above car and matched speed.

I was 20 years old as well as my new wife. We were traveling by car from Tucson, AZ. To Los Angeles, Ca. For our honeymoon. We left in the evening and arrived in LA. At about 7:00am. I was driving and my wife was asleep with her head leaning on her door, I remember this so well because I looked over and worried wether her door was locked when I noticed a very bright red light in the sky thru the passenger window. It was stationery and I was trying to figure out what it was when I noticed a plane flying with it's typical flashing white light slowly pass by in the sky but at a different altitude. The object remained motionless until the plane had passed and then all of sudden it started moving at a speed that was hard to believe then turned towards my car at a 90 degree angle. At this point I was absolutely terrified and feared for my wife and myself. I immediately hit the accelerator and reach a 100 miles per hour when I realized that the object was above my car and matching my speed. I vividly remember looking over at my wife at this point and she was still sound asleep. I was about to scream to wake her when the object accelerated instantly and disappeared straight in front of me in a few seconds. My wife ended up sleeping another 3 or 4 hours while I kept driving, constantly checking the sky for it's return. By the time my wife awoke I had regained enough composer that I merely mentioned that I had seen a ufo and we enjoyed are time in California. I have only told a hand full of people this story in the last thirty years and it still haunts me to the point that the whole time I've been writing this I have had tears in my eye's. No other sightings until 2002 in Texas when I believe I was abducted but I will only tell that story to the right person face to face. It feels good to finally let this out, but now I'm also afraid.
