{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-02 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52860","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3131,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5505962.json","updb_database_id":5505962}
{kt}bizarre. 1st convo i ever had about UFOs then i see, undoubtedly, a triangle ufo hovering above me and my friend silently

*the questionnaire above brought back some memories, this happened about 3 years ago,, i just posted on nufon the other day.*
so im at my friends house,its 10 or 11pm and we go outside on his porch to have a cigarette. He starts telling me how hes seen strange flying things.. and im like," oh thats weird? you should get your eyes or head checked?" like it was weird... 1st time i ever had anyone tell me theyve seen UFOs. so hes telling me weird stories and stuff. and nothings stuck out to me much but i didn't think he was crazy after he told me the stories about seeing far away things and strange lights in his room. i was still skeptical though...if i don't see it its not real. Right? Well, i guess the aliens agreed because after looking in the sky for about 3 minutes my friend shoots out of his seat and points up yelling Look Look!!! and above us is the most amazing thing ill ever see. this giant black silent triangle the size of a football field hovering on the treetops right above me and my friend. This happened 3 years ago in the pitch black so its hard to remember all the details, especially in that intense moment, or about three or four minutes.When i first adjusted my eyes a couple 5 times i asked my friend if it was a prank or a joke, when obviously it wasnt,but i still asked.i told myself when i was looking at it i would never belive myself so i just said to myself as clearly as i could." Alex this is real this is unbeliveable though". And i look back and try to convince myself it was just my eyes playing tricks but i know this thing was something else. i kind of think i saw engravings in this giant ship mabey like a picture or something writing or something for space aerodynamics i don't really know it looked like i saw some engravings in this dark black ship. the sides of the ship looked like it was multiple stories tall with an awning and deck kinda thing like the ones in star wars lol. i kinda think i remember faint lights at the corners but idk it was weird probably got abducted ahaha.... but ya not kidding.. after hovering above us for a few minutes it just went back the direction it came about 300 yards silently and straight then just zoomed off. my friend said that was the closest and craziest one hes ever seen too. never seen one sence then, and its 2013 about 3 or 4 years ago this was. sorry idk the date but it was 2009-2011 and it was cold out
