{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-15 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75885","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5483962.json","updb_database_id":5483962}
{rjl} 3 Hovering white lights in triangular formation which then rotated and left in different directions

I went outside, after getting a telepathic communication asking if I wanted to see "them". So, I decided that I would go outside and look up in the usual place in the sky. At first I saw a green meteor like object zipping in a south-west direction. This led my eyes to what looked like a triangular constellation. The three star-like points of light then rotated around a second or two, but keeping the original triangular shape. After that, they left formation, one flew closer to the other, but then all 3 went off in different directions. 

I see UFOs at least on a monthly basis and often weekly, or twice a week, and the other most recent sighting was of an object that was not more than 500ft above the ground and spinning off what I guess to be plasma, which arced away from the craft like a solar flare; this sighting was about a week ago. I also get telepathic communications with Humans and ETs very frequently. You can tell for sure when they're for-sure humans when they're very rude, while the ETs are polite and friendly. Often, I will be asked before seeing a UFO if I would like to see one outside, usually very late at night. Please note that the image I uploaded was from one of my first UFO sightings, not this most recent one, and was taken with an older digital camera... This picture was taken around about the time that I got interested in reading about Cold Fusion, and trying to spread the word about it.

If you would like, you might be able to set up instruments to see what you can find out about them. I definitely have an implant for telepathic communications, and there are some childhood memories of mine that might point to alien contact when I was young.
