{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-03 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53913","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3289,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5504962.json","updb_database_id":5504962}
{nd} I saw a large low hovering triangular object with multiple bright white lights and one red light.

While driving home from work at 2340 hours on 01/03/14 I was driving south on Terry Plains Road in Simsbury. I immediately saw bright lights on my right front side above a wooded area close to the Farmington River. I thought the lights were from a plane from a distance because its only about 10 miles to the BDL airport and a few miles to Simsbury airport from there. But I was driving and noticed that the lights weren't moving. Then I thought it might be a helicopter or some kind of search lights. It is very dark in that area at night and it's really hard to see anything in that area so the bright lights really stood out. But as I got closer I thought that it may be some kind of tower lights. But I quickly realized that there is no towers in that area. The lights I saw were extremely bright. There were three white lights and one center red light in a triangular formation. As I drove closer within 300 feet from the object. I could see it hovering just above the trees. Then as I got closer it moved slowly to my left front and slowly moved north as I was driving very slowly south. When I saw it move by me I realized that the object also had multiple white lights on the sides of the triangle as well. I didn't see those side lights because of the position the object was in initially when I came upon it and the brightness of the main three white lights. At this point I stopped my car and pulled into side street and decided to turn around and follow the object to get a better view. I fumbled for my phone camera but I was trying to drive, figure out what I was looking at and keep my eyes on the road all at the same time. Now I was headed in the same direction as the object but couldn't see it because it was hidden behind the tree line. I thought I might see it again just up ahead a little in the opening were there are horse stables and a side road to stop my car. I opened the moon roof interior door to get a better view of the sky and as I turned on to the clearing by the horse stables It felt like it was right over my car. I looked up through my moon roof window and was startled so much that I remember saying out loud "it's right there". I felt as I "they" caught me watching them. At that point I didn't stick around to watch it any longer. When I arrived home I immediately drew a sketch of the object so that I wouldn't forget what it looked like. Of course I didn't see any other car on the dark road in the area that night. But I have to believe that someone else must have seen the bright lights. There are many homes in that area up along the ridgeline.
