{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-07 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64492","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5494962.json","updb_database_id":5494962}
{nd} Was in the parking lot of my complex and there was 4 points of light in a square shape above me.. I'm Friends with Ken Gerhard and he told me to make a report here

On Dec 7 at 6:50 pm me and my two daughters were coming back from the store . As we parked in our complex and were unloading groceries from out trunk when we noticed strange lights in the sky. There were 4 points of lights square shaped Directly above us. The object was spinning in a circular pattern but always remained in 4 equally spaced square pattern. I looked around and tried to see if we saw any neighbors to ask what they thought but nobody was around. It was very still and very quiet and I felt sadness and very alone in that moment . My daughters and I age 9 and 11 were watching in awe trying to figure out what it was. At first I thought maybe the huge spot lights various car dealerships and clubs might use but there were no beams and it didn't appear at a angle it was directly above us. We did not see the lights as we pulled in and parked only when we got out almost as if it appeared specifically for us . It was large approximately the size of my building and it was kind of close seemed like. It switched angles maybe 20 degrees south but spinning circular square shaped still. It only lasted about 10 minutes not sure what place would run spot lights for only 10 minutes at 7 pm. Couldn't rule it out other than it was UFO . I tried to take video n pictures. The video was blank and the pictures I took were extremely blurry but you can kind of tell there were 4 lights moving . My youngest daughter started to get scared so we went inside. I went back out on my porch n it had moved over to my right a bit for about 2 more minutes then it was gone. Haven't seen anything anywhere close to it since.
