{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-09-21 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3888,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5457962.json","updb_database_id":5457962}
{rjl} Saw a large oval

Was at the water's edge, facing the Pacific at Oceanside beach California, early evening September 21, 1997. Roberts Cottages were behind me. I caught out of the corner of my eye, noticed an odd giant oval screen above the cottages emitting an undulating combination of light that looked like liquid swirling indiscriminately. The deforming light patterns on the screen were gold, black, yellow, white. They made no logical sense as to the shapes of the images seen on the screen. I walked closer to the cottages, the object was still there motionless, noiseless except for the swirling lights on the oval screen and the spinning turbine vanes. It was the size of a van or a bus. I then noticed that by walking to the right of the object that there was a turbine on the right side or behind the oval screen attached to it. The vanes turned counterclockwise and there were colors, pastels of blue, red with no visible light source, that came off the vanes. There was no noise. I looked to see if the object was a joke or a prank, a billboard, a kite, a blimp. I could not see any supporting trusses, ropes, wires. the object was large enough to have needed some type of heavy duty support if it was a display of some sort. It was windy that day, the gulls flying several yards north, down by the other end of the cottage row had difficulty flying. But the object did not budge, waiver, move at all. The object appeared to be hanging in mid-air right over the roof tops of the Roberts set of cottages. As far as I could figure out by using Google Earth of the Roberts cottages, the object was seen at latitude: 33°11'53.93"N and longitude:117°23'14.72"W. I watched the object for about 45 minutes and then had to return home as I had the car, visiting my parents, they were going to church at that time, it was a Sunday (in fact I was late in getting back in time for them to use the car) as they needed the car. 

As I walked to the parking lot, I looked back to see if the object was still there, yes it was still there.

I went back the next day it was gone.

There were people at a picnic table a few feet from me in front of the cottages where the object was. I looked to see if they noticed the object but they were not looking at it. I wondered if they had seen it and got bored. I saw a young boy standing a few feet from me on the sand as I watched the object. He was facing the cottages. We made eye contact. I tried to note if he had also seen the object but he didn't look up towards the cottages or to where the object was, or catch on. The object was close enough to be seen as one would be approaching one's car in a parking lot, and the sun even though setting, there was still lots of daylight. 

I have no idea what the object was, what its purpose was. 

I report this incident for whatever purpose deemed useful and include a video rendering to give an idea of the object seen using actual photos of Roberts cottages as a backdrop and how the object was situated over the buildings that day of September 21, 1997.

I have not seen a similar object since that day in 1997 either in photos, film, movies.
