{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-16 22:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58118","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5500962.json","updb_database_id":5500962}
{cak} Near Mt. St. Helens, Washington state on July 16, 2014 at 10:57pm, I saw a bright red light/object flying fast. It had no flashing lights nor sound. It stopped in mid flight and hovered and then switched directions and quickly went out of sight.

I was standing outside on my patio facing east when a brilliant red light/object steadily flew in a straight horizontal pathway from north to south faster than a commercial passenger airline. It was difficult to judge the exact distance that it was away from me but it appeared to be flying over the cascade mountain range, which is approx. 20-30 miles from where I'd stood. It's flight pathway location appeared to be within 20 miles south of Mt. St. Helens as it headed towards Portland, OR. 

While in mid flight it stopped and hovered and then zipped north for a short stretch, then stopped and flew to a northeastern direction and then headed east; (as if they'd missed a turn at an intersection and so backed up to take a left turn). It was very bright red to the naked eye and was not flashing nor generating any sound. I took 3 separate pics, ran into the house to get my vid recorder as I watched it instantly zip out of sight northeast to east. 

When I'd returned outside within seconds, there was nothing visible. I had taken the pics at the turning of the clock, one pic is recorded with 10:57pm and the other two at 10:58pm. I instantly went back into the house to look at the pics on my PC and experienced a delay in the performance of my PC while up loading the SD card. When it'd finally loaded the pics it was 11:18pm but did not seem to me that 21 minutes had elapsed. I then attempted to call in to "Ground Zero with Clyde Lewis" on my landline but experienced a terrible scramble in the communication connection which had sounded like underwater gargling sounds when the radio station screener had answered my phone call. I then tried using my cell phone and had gotten the same response. By this time, it was after 11:30 pm and had felt to me like a time shift had occurred. I then looked at the photos and only one had the object in it. So I posted it to my FB site and then tried to lighten the photo to see a clearer version of it.
