{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-12 18:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107658","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3731,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5453962.json","updb_database_id":5453962}
Lights seem in the sky flying in formation

After about 6pm on april 12, 2020. I went outside in my balcony, and when I looked at the sky I immediately saw something similar to a star coming from the ocean direction SW and flying above me to NE, after I saw the first one I tried to identify it thinking it was plane, but didn't see any blinking lights or anything and right after that I realized that there were more lights following the first one, in a formation, looked like to be the same distance from one another, and there were about 6 of them. I immediately asked my mom and stepdad to come see and we we're all shocked, those ones went away but we saw a lot more, we stood there for over 30 minutes and saw this lights for the whole duration, but now not only on that path but in different ones too, and mostly were flying only one by one or two by two far from the other, they would appear in our field of view from out of nowhere and following different paths mostly from SW to NE. Some seemed to stop and them move again. Here in Salvador the nearest place in the ocean direction SW is Africa and that's pretty far. They were flying in a higher altitude than the clouds because they would disappear once they went through them. Unfortunately I didn't think of recording the weirdest part which was the first formation because it was the biggest, but I tried to record the single ones I saw after, the quality is horrible because I used my phone, Redmi Note 7, there are four videos but i'm only gonna upload two because I can't see them on the other ones, the second one is only for one second because I lose focus, but i'll put the best one first, in which I start zooming in on the star and you can clearly see very bright light/orb flying "away from it" on the top part and at about second 30 you can also see different ones less bright flying opposite directions from the first one in the bottom part, I follow the first one and it disappeared behind clouds and I lost focus for a bit but then after some seconds you can see it again, at the end when it's almost out of sight because of my house you can see another one it appears to be blinking and hovering, I'm not sure if it was another or just a star because I don't remember. After a while there were not many of them appearing and mostly were coming from NE to SE now so basically the opposite direction. After about 45 mins I looked on Flightradar24 for the first time and there were no airplanes near my city at that time, the closest ones were pretty far away and not in the direction I saw them flying from, and also not in the same amount, in the entirety of Brazil there were not that many planes flying and my family and I saw at least 20 just here. They didn't make any sound and at one point we all saw a shooting star right on top of us as we were looking at this things. There were also some lightnings in the area but not exactly in the direction we were seeing the lights.
