{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-21 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104618","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2604,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5456962.json","updb_database_id":5456962}
{rjl} I saw the most amazing display of lights. it was an emotionally charged experince that was without fear.

Around 1 AM CST i was awakended by my two dogs who were acting very strang , anxious and startled. they keeped looking out ofevery windows in the house downstairs and kept running to each window. I began to feel unusual and l decided to lay back down to go to sleep. immediately after i did. i found myself outside the house looking up at an object that was displaying colors in a way that i have never seen colors before. I was not afraid but felt excited and happy and what was unusual was that what ever it was i was seeing somehow was also excited that i felt that way and some how i knew it was happy that i was not afraid. it was as if we were communicating with each other. It was the most amazing thing that i have ever seen and felt. i remember being so excited and even jumping around with excitement and i mean literally jumping around with excitement. that is a very prominate memory i have about the incident. it covered me with a beam the entire time and displayed colors in its entirety. then i woke up with a clear memory of the event. Im confident that i was supposed to remember everything because i remember having the feeling that everything was going to be ok and that this was supposed to happen. there was somethimng that i felt i needed to do and that it was telling me about. what ever it was it was just as excited as i was. i felt it and somehow knew it. it was like running into a old friend and being happy to see them and catching up with each other. The first time this has ever happened to me was in Germany in 1989 while i was in the Army. I have never told anyone except my Son (who wasnt yet born) about that incident. this is the first time that i am documenting these experiences. Im a professional and highly respected member of my community and my work is known throughout the country so its not easy for me to report this. there is more but im going to stop here.
