{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-10-31 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119468","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10793,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5283962.json","updb_database_id":5283962}
Two orbs flying together. Seemed to play a game of tag in the air. One landed and became invisible after landing. Passed through tree branches.

I have decided to come forward and report a UFO sighting that I experienced many years ago. I am doing this for several reasons but mainly because I'm 65 now and I'd like it added to the official record while I'm still alive. I'm in reasonably good health and of sound mind but I suppose my cognitive abilities may begin to decline in a few years and who knows how much time I have left in my life. It's important to me that my experience be documented once and for all. At the time of the sighting my vision was excellent and I didn't wear glasses .

The incident happened October 31 1990 at around 2:30 PM. It was an unusually warm sunny weekday in the mountains 30 minutes west of Boulder. I had been to the area many times during the Summer and this was my last scheduled day to visit it before the Winter set in. The area is known as Dream Canyon, a popular hiking and climbing place located east of Nederland, CO off Lost Angel road above and behind Boulder falls West of the city of Boulder.

I arrived between 1:00 and 1:30 PM and parked my car in a fairly crowded parking area. I then walked to a familiar secluded spot about an eighth of a mile from the car. My routine included setting up a camping chair and spending the rest of the day in nature reading, writing and exploring. I had been there for almost two hours when I decided to walk back to my car to get something. All the cars that had been parked there earlier were gone and mine was the only one there. I was about 75 feet from the parking area standing on a path when I spotted a bright round reflection of light about 20 feet above the ground that seemed to be cast onto the pine trees that stood along a crest of a ridge about half a block from where I was standing just South of the access road to the parking area. The reflected light was slowly moving horizontally from South to North. I immediately assumed that the round reflection was from sunlight being reflected off of a mirror from a car that was approaching or leaving the area but wasn't in view yet. When I was a child I used to take my mothers powder compact outside and use the mirror to reflect sunlight onto objects. I'd say that that was the exact intensity of the reflected light that I saw on the trees. I studied the distant road carefully to see if a car would appear at the crest of the ridge but after 10 seconds or so none appeared. It occurred to me that the reflection moved too smoothly for it to be coming from a moving car on the rough access road and so I planted my eyes back onto the bright reflection. Still wondering what was causing the reflection, I looked back and forth from the road to the reflection several times just to verify that there wasn't an approaching car and the light wasn't reflecting off of it's mirror. It continued to move horizontally but then rose up rather quickly to about 150 feet above the trees with the blue sky as its backdrop. I realized at that point that it wasn't a reflection but instead an actual glowing semi-transparent spherical object. It was perfectly round and had a faint orange/yellow glow with a diameter of around three feet. It flew smoothly at an even speed at first which I estimated to be that of a person running at a medium pace. There was no sound from it and there wasn't any smoke trailing behind and no lights other than the glow that it gave off. There wasn't any wind or breeze. While it circled above the treetops a second identical sphere flew up from behind the trees and began following it. They circled around each other for several seconds. One would chase the other and then it would in turn be chased. The original one flew behind the trees and the second one immediately followed. They flew in an intentional and playful pattern like they were engaged in a game of tag. At times they would chase each other in the sky and then they would drop into the trees and maneuver smoothly through them sometimes moving fast and then slowly. This went on for about 20 seconds as they would take turns in this game of tag. They both disappeared into and behind the trees again but only one of them rose back up into the sky. It quickly shot up, flew in a somewhat horizontal pattern from Northeast to Southwest and then transitioned to a circular pattern. From above a large tree it slowly descended straight down to the ground at the base. None of the branches were disturbed and it didn't snag itself on any of them which I thought was quite remarkable. It was as if it had passed through them. It occurred to me that it couldn't have been a section of tumbleweed or a large plastic bag or some other light floating object.

During the slow descent I noticed that its glow was beginning to fade and as it came to rest motionless on the ground in front of the tree it became almost completely transparent with only a faint glow. The other sphere never returned from behind the trees. 

With my eyes fixed on the resting object I began walking up the road so I could make my way to it. I wasn't frightened but I felt the rush of adrenaline. I began to shake and my eyes welled up from the emotion of the experience. I made a point to keep my eyes fixed on it as much as possible as I hiked up the rough road toward its location. There were times when I had to look down to check my footing and that made it difficult to visually refocus onto its position. The closer I got to it the dimmer the object became. I'm guessing that I was within 400 feet when the glow became so faint that I couldn't see it anymore and because of my new position I couldn't determine which tree the object had come to rest at. The area was posted with no trespassing signs so I didn't go all the way into the trees. I regret that decision to this day. I retreated back down the road and returned to the original area of the path where I had witnessed the first sphere a couple minutes before. The object was no longer visible under the tree. 
I looked around hoping to find someone who may have seen what I had just witnessed but there was no one. I looked up at a house that had a clear view of where I was standing and the area of the sky where the spheres had flown but there wasn't anyone on the patio deck or standing by a window.

In the following hours after the sighting I remained fairly close to the area where my chair was. I believe I took a nap also but I don't remember for certain. I also did some writing in my journal but I didn't write about the UFO experience. I recalled later however that I entered into a state of mind shortly after the incident that baffled me then and still does to this day. It was as if I went into a kind of emotional shock. It's hard to explain but I seemed to put the whole incident into the back of my mind for a few hours. It wasn't until around 4:30 PM as I was sitting in my chair when a random hiker approached me that the whole UFO incident came back to me. I told him what I had witnessed earlier in the day but he seemed to dismiss it. 

I should mention a feature about the place on the path that I was standing on when the incident occurred. Every day from late Spring through early Fall a peculiar swarm of hundreds of flies about six feet above the ground fly in a circular pattern in the same exact place on the path. There is a loud audible buzzing sound. It's something that a friend and I and no doubt others who frequent the area have noticed over the years. It has been that way for 31 years now. One can always avoid them by walking around. On that day in 1990 there weren't any flies. I suppose fly season was over. I only mention this because I find it unusual and have no idea if it's relevant to the area where I was standing that day. 

During the winter months I thought about the UFO sighting quite a lot. When I returned in the Spring, I parked my car on the road just North of the thicket of pine trees where I saw the spheres the previous October. I hiked over a barbed wire fence and entered the area of private property where the sphere had landed. Near the tree I found a round concrete opening of a well which was about a yard across and about the same diameter as the spheres. The well was about 4 feet deep and clogged with dirt and rocks. I don't know if the well is relevant at all but I thought I should include it in this account.

And on a final note, by the end of Summer 1991, the tree where the sphere had landed turned brown and died. As best as I could tell, no other trees around succumbed to disease. In the Summer 1992 I noticed that the whole top half was broken off. The owners of the property probably had the trunk removed as it's no longer there.

For the record I should mention that I'm a fiercely logical person who has never believed in strange phenomena, ESP, magic, monsters, ghosts, big foot, or even god or demons. In fact all my life I have made it a point to not believe in such things like many people do. I'd say that I'm proud to call myself an atheist and superstition is not something that I succumb to. I've always believed that science is the answer to almost everything but also that some things are simply beyond the comprehension of the human mind. When did time begin? Where does the universe end? Is there such a thing as infinity? These are all questions that cannot be answered by the limits of human intellect. Simply put some questions are unanswerable and to try to do so without understandable data is pointless. Sometimes we believe in things because we want to or need to because things that are greater than our own existence can be quite fascinating, compelling and entertaining. But other times we believe in things, not because we want to, but instead because we have no other choice but to believe because we saw it or experienced it in some way. Ever since that day I saw the UFO, I have had no choice but to believe that there is something to this phenomenon which can't be explained.

I still have no faith in the existence of ghosts, magic, big foot, god and the devil.

Thanks for reading. Kind regards
