{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-22 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54949","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5503962.json","updb_database_id":5503962}
{kt}started as white bright round light, then glowed orange, went small then big, 200 mph?

Three of us guys went camping at Painted Canyon in Mecca on 3-22-14. 
One guy went to sleep about 10 pm. Two of us others were waiting for the fire to burn down before go to sleep in our tents. My name in Alan, and my friend Freddie happened to be sitting about 5 feet a part in chairs facing west watching the fire and the sky above. We had talked about UFO's earlier in the night, but we are skeptical, especially myself, Alan. We had been talking about all the jets flying very high in the sky light at night in different directions, especially they seemed to be flying west towards LAX before midnight. Well approx. 10:30 pm we happened to be looking up towards the east and we both saw a bright light coming towards us over the horizon, approx. as fast as you would see a jet way up in the sky at night. However this bright white light was not as high as a high flying jet, at least in did not seem that high. It was a very powerful bright white beam of light coming closer, and ran for my camera phone. It seemed 10K to 15K high and cruised directly over our heads! My friend Freddie was stunned in disbelief  and could not move to get his phone camera. I barely got my Galaxy Note II phone camera, switched it to video, and boom there here is! However the round globe was cruising very smoothly, slowly, noiseless, smokeless, and straight. I was freaked out and was staring at it, not taking the best video footage, but at least I got it. I am upset I did not video it 100% all the way, but we were almost a sleep and I ran for my camera phone in my tent, and at least I got this video. We both agreed it was white, then glowed orange, then back to white and maybe small to big and small to big, then back to orange and bigger. Towards the end of the video, it seemed to have slightly change directions a only a few degrees, turn white, get smaller and go up out of sight, or disintegrate. This had no blinking lights, no noise, no trail of gas or smoke, not an airplane or balloon, not a meteorite, and low flying! Perhaps it was right outside the earths atmosphere, where there is no gravity, and this was perfect round glowing ball on lava floating? It travel from west to east, right over our heads, in Painted Canyon Road, Mecca, CA, on the north side of the Salton Sea, CA. It appeared to be slightly cruising at 200 mph or so. It is possible is was much higher than jumbo jets, but we both agreed it was not that high, and definitely not something garage made sphere or military made orange ball. If it was a slow moving glowing orange rock, well it almost hit earth near the Salton Sea. It was truly a UFO! A giant round orange sphere silently flying at night! It never did make any sound at all. We have both never seen anything like it before, and may never again in our life time again!
Regards, Alan
