{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-07-10 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73762","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5725,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5485962.json","updb_database_id":5485962}
{nd} UFO meandered down from the sky to observe/examine my roommates and i

It was summernight in phoenix az 2000. Approximately 2 am . My roommates and I were sitting in front of our house leaning upagainst it on 48th ave in west phoenix az where I was smoking a cigarette and talking with my roommates who didn't smoke which is why we were outside at 2 in the morning in the first place. Our house was east of Glendale az by a couple streets. We lived on 48th ave on the north side of Indian school rd. There was a big mall that had been closed down due to gang violence just to the west of our neighborhood on 51st ave I believe. The us census in 2000 used it as its center of operations in 2000 also. On that summer night when we were sitting , I was looking up at the night sky as we were talking and laughing .It was a clear summer night . I was staring up at the stars and noticed one start to sway side to side in a slow sweeping motion for about 3 or 4 min while we talked and laughed more. Once the object got closer to the ground, probly a couple hundred feet off the ground , it stopped swaying and started flying in a straight line towards us from the west which is the direction of the night sky it came out of. When it straightened its trajectory , I became. Alarmed and brought to my roomates attention the object with bright light that was heading for us. As the object got closer we could hear a loud pulsating sound like a turbine engine sound but pulsating. It was so loud I looked around at my neighbors doors to see if anybody was coming out to see what the sound was. The floating object came to a stop and hovered over my neighbors house directly across my house. It was a disc shaped object that had a small rectangular shaped area on top that had some Windows that I could not see thru. The bottom ring of the disc had some flashing lights. And the craft was not shiny but a dull greyish white color. I did not see any markings on the out side of the craft. As the object hovered over my neighbors house I noticed it was about half as long as the roof top it hovered over across from us. I looked at my roommates to see if they were looking at the object too and I actually asked if they saw it too. They both answered me without looking at me or blinking. While the object stayed over my neighbors house it made that god awful pulsating noise. I started to stand up and said to my roommate's kmon let's go see it. As I stood up so did my roommates. Then I started walking to my driveway with my roommates still behind me. As we got to the end of my drive way where the street starts , the object became silent and floated from over my neighbors house to the middle of our street where we met in the middle. The flashing lights also stopped as the object became silent . the object moved towards us as we walked towards it, but it parallelled our movement so that when we met in the middle of our street it was not directly over us. It was at a 70 degree angle about 15 feet above our heads. I remember thinking to myself I could hit it with a rock if I had one. But we stood there staring at the craft while it was examining us or something. We were quiet and it seemed like all noise was gone too. It seemed like we were in a trance like state until the craft started floating silently away from us towards the south and directly towards busy Indian school rd. We stared at it as it floated away 15 ft off the ground . When it stared floating away I blinked and looked around again to see if any of our neighbors had come outside and saw what we were witnessing. Nobody was outside though to my disappointment. Then the changed directions effortlessly and started ascending as carefree as it had descended. It headed back up the same direction it came from. The trance like feeling left us and I looked around again and said to my roommates let's get out of the street before someone sees us and thinks we're crazy or something. It seemed like a long time had passed as we were walking towards the house and in the front door. But when we sat down on the couch it was still the same time when we went out originally. We sat there trying to figure out what we just saw and talked about it briefly . we really didn't talk long but sat there for 3 hrs just silently together. About 6 am I went to go to bed and one of my roomates flung my bedroom door open naked as a jaybird with his eyes closed and arms stretched out like wings. I yelled at him to get the hell out of my room and WTF for obvious reasons lol. He then left our house for about half the day. Then later that day we talked about what he did, and he said he didn't know why he did that . it was completely out of character for him. He was my brother in law as well as my roomate at the time. All 3 of us don't live together anymore , but will give the same account of our incident . i realized then that we cannot stop even if we wanted to whatever that was that came down and checked us out. Is there any sightings of this craft from that area of Phoenix from the summer of 2000??? Thanks if there's any info you guys can help with
