{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-18 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3829,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5546962.json","updb_database_id":5546962}
An intense, large, slow moving/hovering red light tracking north over Boise city, pulsed irregularly

A group of four friends, we were walking home slowly through the Hyde Park area of north Boise. None of us had been drinking. A street fair was going on along with a BSU football game, we passed an open-air sports bar and as the others were trying to determine the score I was looking up and saw the red light. I pointed it out to others on the sidewalk...met with drunk indifference. When I could point it out to all of our group, we stood and watched. A bright red light, much larger than stars/planets, was hovering over us. It would pulse light slowly, then no pulse, then pulse again at a different rhythm. When it pulsed the sky looked hazy around it...or sort of mottled. The rest of the sky was perfectly clear. It made no sound. It seemed to move north very, very slowly, so we crossed the street, and then it, well, it sort of jumped forward, and the pulsing began again. My husband and one of the others in our group felt very uncomfortable with whatever it was, so we cut off of the main street to take a route of side streets to walk back to our friend's home. We stopped, and the red light seemed to be receding, but not really moving? I took a picture with my cell phone (9:20) which I can send if you want but it mostly looks like a red blob in a black field...though none of the other stars/planets in the sky showed up in the cheesy cell phone picture, so that's how bright the red circle/ball of light was.
We came across three other people watching the same red light, they'd been watching it longer than we had, and had binoculars. I looked through it, and the red circle of light was made up of lots of individual circles/balls of red lights. It still was doing the irregular pulsing...slow rhythm, no pulsing, faster rhythm, etc. The other three people said earlier it seemed closer, and they could see things 'falling off' the big circle...like red streamers of light that didn't reach the ground. While we were watching with these people, one called friends and had them go out and look from their places of residence, and they too could see the red circle. This was brighter than any light I've ever seen in the sky, including laser lights. We continued to walk to our friends, and all totaled, had the red pulsing light in sight for about 30 minutes. 
My husband and I drove home to east Boise, and could not see the light from our home (we live at the bottom of a mesa...lots is blocked out looking north).
From the beginning none of us could identify the light...it was not the size or light intensity of anything I've seen (and I am 55). We all felt uneasy with what we saw...including the three people we came across watching. We joked that it was a search for intelligent life, but none could be found since everyone at the Hyde Park Fair and in the bars watching the football game were too tweeked to respond.
I just want to know if others saw this...it was really unusual. Nothing showed up in the papers (which is not unusual, as the paper is barely afloat and prints drivel at best). The photo is attached below.
