{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-04-26 23:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548962","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7054","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2481,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/962/mufon-5548962.json","updb_database_id":5548962}
Tri-coloured flashing lights moved across the sky in a direction of east to west.

Dear MUFON investigator,

I hesitate to bring this to your attention, as I am one who often prefers to look for a rational explanation for many of these so-called "Phenomena", however i could find no such reasoning for what had befallen me on this night, nearly a month ago now.

I was sitting on my back porch, listening to Neil Diamond and Billy Idol, while sipping on my champagne and rocking in my rocking chair. It was a relatively quiet night, with only a few kookaburras in the background, and the faint cry of a dingo.

My wife, by this time, had since retired to bed, and i was not yet heading that way myself, as i still had much to complete from my days work. I was alerted by my dearest pet cat to a strange goings on in the night sky, and to my bemusement and wonder I happened to notice an Unidentified Flying Object, known as a UFO.

It was in the shape of a triangle, or so I assumed, as all I could see of it were a red, yellow and white flashing lights at each 'corner'. It was travelling at a steady pace across the night sky, in a westerly direction. I estimated that it was approximately 1400 metres in the air (this is merely an estimation, as i had no real point of reference at the time) and was decending at a uniform pace.

It is my guess that about 10 kilometres down the road in the direction it was travelling, the craft would have collided with the earth, however i was unable to see this as it dissappeared behind the treeline. The whole incident lasted less than 5 minutes, and it left me confused and scared.

However, I have not reported this to anyone as it was not reported in the news, and no mention was made of it by my friends. Unfortunately, i had not the presence of mind to take a photo or recording of the object.
I hope this was helpful,

Hermon Sniggerfield.
