{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T08:39:12Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1221729, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/cia-uap-012-combatting-fatigue-in-crewmembers.pdf", "source_sha256": "490841ebe7487b3e7386ca5fa22c256b678fafa58aa79fae925bf9fe72771c28"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2393, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved for Release 3026-
GONFID
Domestic Collection Division
Forcign Intelligence Inlormation Report
DIRECTORATE OF
OPERATIONS
COUNTRY
USSR
DCD REPORT NO.
DATE DISTR.
SUBJECT
Combating Facigue In Crewmeibers/
Aeroflot Work Cycles/Use of Drugs/
Biological Effects of Aircraft Noise/ NO. PAGES
Radiation Research/UFO Phenomena/
Prototype Pilot Biological Psychomotor REFERENCES
Testing Equipment/Celestial Navigation/
Niohr Vision Testing
DATE OF INFO
THIS IS UNEVALUATEO INFORMATION
00-B-321/33474-76
1o November 1976
4
SOURCE
COPY
SUMMARY: Aeroflot officials are actively involved in aerospace
medical research.
They are concerned with the medical aspects
of physical conditioning which impinge upon crewnember perform-
ance and have perfected several devices which test pilot bio-
logical functioning and motor response ability. Dr Inal
Georgiyevich Akoyev, a noted radiation biologist explained cosmic
ray particles (phosphenes) which are causing Aeroflot pilots to
"see" flashes of light during night flying.
Dr (Enu]
Akutin,
cyberneticist at che Civil Aviation Institute of Leningrad showed
prototype pilot biological psychomotor testing equip-
ment which measures blood pressure, pulse rate, cardiovascular
function and motor ability.
The equipment is automatic and test-
ing is completed in approximately three minutes.
5
1. The Soviets deal with crewmember fatigue in several ways. First, they
emphasize and promote physical conditioning. If a crewnember is
physically
fit, he will be less prone to fatigue and will recover sooner after
tiring flights.
Aeroflot provides exercise facilities at all major atr..
ports, and these facilities are supervised by a well known athlete.
The
second thing they do is to thoroughly test each crewmember prior to flight
At the present tame,
these tests are conducted by a medical team headed by a doctor, usualiy a
woman. A crewmember is not allowed to fly if he faila the examinacion.:'
These tests are now being automated and will take only 1-3 minutes when the
prototype equipment becomes operational.
Finally, there is a third approach
Aeroflot is using--a prophylactorium.
Each major airport has one, a 3 to
4 story building set off from che main airport buildings, but easily acces-
sible by foot.
These facilities are well landscaped and are designed to provide
total rest and relaxation for transiegt crewembers. They have a large kitchen

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 615, "chars": 3990, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HELDENT
003-321/33474-76
3
•
2
Dr Akeyey asked for
personal opinion o! the UFO pheromenan.
He was
told
that 99 percent of these occurrences were traceable
to either nacural or man-made phenomena such as celestial movement, air-
crait or artificial sacellites, and thac the ocher one percent cannot he
expiained--possibly an hallucination.
Akoyev then asked,
"Do you think
it is possible...could chere be some:hing coming from outer space?"
7.
Dr
linul
Akutin, a cybernecicist at the Civil Aviation Institute of
Leningrad. has developed several prototypes of pilot testing equipment.
The equi: "ent is planned
to replace most of the current ducies of medical
mersonnel who examine pilots prior to flight. The automatic devices w111
be installed in ali airport flight operations facilities.
Akucin and his
demonstrated
a set of instrumencs which automat-
(cally moreore a pilot's blood pressure and pulse rare, record his cardio-
vascila: fascioning with arelectre cardiogram, and test
hi: motor reaction
process.
8. The device is activated by inserting a small metallic place into the
testing machine.
The plate, one of which is carried by each crewmember,
contains a biological baseline on that particular individual. His normal
blood pressure, pulse rate, electrocardiogram, and notor ability are coded
into the metal
plate.
This plate is updated
annually, or more often if
renuired. After rhe place is inserted into the machine, the pilot places
the middle finger of each hand into two little holes and rests his wrists
on two small metal plates on a table.
Small, automatic pneumatic cups
close around the fingers and inflate.
The machine then measures the blood
pressure and pulse rate by comparing the two fingers, computing a mean, and
then comparing the result with
the encoded information on the pilot's plate.
The systolic and diastolic blood pressure and pulse race are chen displaj en
on the face of che machine in an electronic digital forn.
At the same tire
the machine automatically administers an electrocardiogram
"across the
heart" and displays this on a cathode-ray tube.
If auy of these values a.
outside the normal scandard for that particular individual, a light illu..
rates and further
examination is required by a medical doctor. If no light
Illuminates, the pilot is passed.
9. The pilot then faces a panel of red and green colored lights. On the pandi
are green and red colored buttons.
The lights begin to illuminate in a
randon fashion, with the pilot being required to press the corresponding
color button immediately to extinguish the colored light. This test
continues for approximately 20-30 seconds, during which the lights flash
in a random sequence.
At the end of the testing period, the machine scores
the pilot's performance and digitally displays his score in the number of
correct and wrong responses.
If he scores as high or higher than his
standard, he is passed; if his score is lower, a light Illuminates and
further examination is required by a medical doctor.
There are three
separate programs which are randomly selected, making it Impossible to
memorize the sequence of the lights.
Finally, the pilot is seated before a miniature cockpit with a control
stick and an attitude indicator.. The control stick must be moved to keep
the attitude indicator (artificial horizon) straight and level.
indicator pitches up and down and from side to side and very closely dupii-
cates actual instrument flying conditions.
The control stick also
closely approximated
necessary pilot skills.. At the end of this test,
che score is again displayed and, depending upon his standard, a pilot passes
or fails.
The entire sequence of testing, from
taking blood
pressure to
the control stick evaluation, takes approximately three minuces.
If a
pilot passes all phases, his
personal profile plate along with a certiii-
cate card is returned to him. He must present the certificate card to
the flight dispatcher before he is ailowed to board the aircraft.
COPY
4
2
