{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T08:38:34Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1673880, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/cia-uap-010-report-on-conversations-with-soviet-scientists-on-subject-of-unidentified-flying-objects-is-the-ussr.pdf", "source_sha256": "3abdbd131944fb847ec6eda8bf7f3f12684812bec71ea27c22ab5c3bb2ed4eb9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 554, "chars": 3643, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved
Release
2026
82 AUG 1967
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
his matorial contains information affecting the National Delense ol the Uniled Stales within the meaning of the Espionag
Laws, Title
8, U.S.C. Secs. 793 and 794, the transmission or revelation of which in any manner to an unauthorized person is prohibited by law
CONTROLLED DISSEM
COUNTRY
USSR
SUBJECT
Report on Converaations WIth Soviet
Betentiata on Bubjoct of Unidentified
Flying Objecta in the US8R
REPORT NO.
DATE DISTR.
NO. PAGES
REFERENCES
(351)
NO DISSEM ABROAD
00-3-321/23490-67
18 AUG
67
2
16522-64
DATE OF INFO. May 1967
PLACE & DATE ACO. USSR: May 1967
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION
SOURCE
US citisen; an astrophysiciet on the staff of • large research in-
stitute. The information in this report was extracted from a menorandum he
wrote for bis superiors.
(Thie report was developed by an Air force (A/NIN) representative aa-
aigred to the offlee of préparation.)
1.
Ihie report le an account of conversationel exchanges on the subject of
UPO'• durin= the couree of a one-month trip of • Us scientiat through
the USSR in the spring of 1967, for the purpose of vletting several astro-
nontcol obeervatories having staff menber: engaged in planetary research.
The only scientista contacted during tho trip were astronomera, and 1a-
quiries concerning Soviet observationa and interprecations of UtO •
were a minor aapect of the trip.
Within these linitatious, en attempt
was made to asses soviet acientific thinking on this controveratel
2. He viested V.I. Moroz, Sternberg Institute, Moscow, who was noncomalt-
tal on the subject of UPO'•.
The ectentiat who surved as tranalator.
• radio setronomer, m phatically stated that he knew of no eightinga
of UFO'• in the USSR and added with a leugh that if they were only seen
in the DS, they must be of Soviet origin.
3. At the Pulkovo Observatory, Leningrad, ore of the astronogera mentioned
that she had heard of some sightings of unidentified objecte near the
Caucasus.
She was unavare of any study being nade of then but was open-
minded on the subject.
4.
The US selentiat'• main viett was to N.A. Kozyrey, who was very inter-
ested in the problem. He had read Menzel 3 book (which has been trans-
lated into Rusaian) but did not accept his conclusions. Kozyzev knew
of some eightinga in the northern part of the USSR, but said that re-
porta of such sightings are not printed in Soviet newapapera because
they are not regarded as scientific observations.
Comment: thie Le
interesting in view of the readinere of Soviet nevapapera to print ra-
ther fantastic reporta of hypothesen and "observations" euggested by the
nora imaginativa pembers of the scientific community.
officiel sanction la needed.)
Kozyrev has been interested in US re-
porte of UF0'• and readily accepta their reality.
In fact, it is hia
personal opinion that the UPO' may originate on Venus.
He lo wel1
avera of the negative affect of "enlightened" acientific opinion on
the interpretation of queationable observations as he has had personal
"ORMATION RIPORT
INFORMATION REPOR
U
Yea
•C-0-S2-D---1-k
You
The dissemination of this document is himited
to civilian employees
and active duty military
personnel
within the
inteligence compononts
of the USIS member agencies, and to those senior officials of the member agencies who tHl acf upon the information. However, unless specifically conirolled
in accerdance with parag aph $ of DCID 1/7, i may be relested *s those
components of the departments
lions or portennel, including contultants, under a contractuel relationship to the U. S. Government without the wrilten permission of the originaler.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 591, "chars": 3810, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONTROLLED DISSEM
-6-0-N-P-7-0-B-N-7-1-A-1
- 2-
NO DISSEM ABROAD
00-B-321/23490-67
experience of this effect.
(Comment: Kozyrev is a controversial figure
in the Soviet scientific community as well as internationally.
Appar-
ently one of his questionable observations (the activity of the central
peak in the luner crater Alphonsus) has turned out to be correct.
• On
the other hand, it is really more accurate to say that this observation
led to an intenaive search for activity on the Moon that has produced
some positive resulta. There may ba no connection between the two seta
of data, however.)
5. At the Main Astronomical Observatory, Kiev, little interest is shown in
the UPO question.
I.K. Koyal mentioned that he and several other as-
tronomera had been out in the countryside one evening and had seen a
curious, reddish object flashing through the sky that they were convinced
was neither a satellite nor a meteorite.
However, their Immediate in-
terpretation was that this object might have been a fragment of a satel-
lite or rocket teturning from orbit, buraing up in the atmosphere.
thought that UFO's had been seen in
the USSR but he could not be specific
as to locations and characteristica.
6. At the Crimean Astrophysical Observatory, Crimes, agein little interest
was shown. One of the astronomers, L.I.
was with the group men-
tioned by Koval and confirmed the observation of a peculiar object.
did not discuss the experience in detail but clearly had been struck by
the possibility that the object might have been a "saucer."
7, At the Astrophysical Institute, Alma Ata, there was considerable interest.
The institute includes an Atmospheric Optics Section presided over by
G.S. Lifschitz. However, the initial discussion of the problem was with
he director of the institue, G.M. L0L18.
He too had read Menzel's
book, but considered it an adequate treatment of the subject which he
consequently felt was closed.
He Indicated that no observations of UFO's
had been made by his staff and that they had received no reports of such
However, when the US scientist proceeded to indicate the
results of McDonald's critical study of the problem, Idlis readily con-
ceded that there might be more to it and concluded by stating that it
was "clearly at111 an open question."
8. Another astronomer mentioned that in the northern part of Kazakhstan
there had been repeated sightings of ball lightning.
Alma Ati had sent a team out to investigate and dincovered that what wåt
being seen were reflections of automobile headligits from an inveraion
9. Later, a discussion was held with Lifachitz. He was not very impressed
with Menzel's book, but was also not impressed with the significance of
the phenomenon. It 1s possible that some interest was kindled that night
lead to additional investigationa.
10.
A steller spectroscopiet, Dr.
Kupo, was also interested in thie
problem, partly as an adjunct to her attempts to locate fragments fron
bolides.
She was also dissatisfied with Menzel's book and felt that
there was definitely an opportunity for additional research.
11.
The general feeliag one gets le that no official treatment of the UPO
problem has been given in the USSR.
Instead people refer to the US
work, principally Menzel'a book, to demonstrate the absence of real
scientific problema. At the same clue, there ta an almost universal
avareness of the history and characteriatics of the phenomenon often as-
sociated with considerable interent.
The result is that a demonstration
of the inadequacy of US Official explanations coupled with some proof of
the reality of the observations might excite entinsiesm more repidly
among Soviet astronomers than among their IS counterparts who are more
strongly influenced by the offleial ridicule associated with UFo's in
- end -
C-0-N-1-7-D-41-1-4-1
