{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T09:02:18Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 312, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 24433155, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/cia-uap-015-project-blue-book-special-report-no-14.pdf", "source_sha256": "90e05e77fc088c29758c2ddda514c0c12f317e5686ee213d348db2f9da152ee3"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 306, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5004 2250 Auproveda foon Rect Sor 025 can ee Section 1842 of the National Defense
2. 50= 283
-7421=
315 pager
(PLACE FORM 490 HERE)
OFFICIAL
RECORD
The :
Agenc
in acce
additior
Records
Ryuanh
Reviewed by
11|21|54
clipped tens
in computer
RETURN IMMEDIATELY AFTER USE TO THE
CIA ARCHIVES AND RECORDS CENTER

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 411, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5-BM 2250
2, 505283
315 pager
(PLACE FORM 490 HERE)
OFFICIAL
RECORD
COPY
WARNING
The attached document (s) must be safeguarded. It is the
Agency's Official Historical Record and must be preserved
in accordance with the Federal Records Act of 1950. For
additional information, call the Chief, CIA Archives and
Records Center, extension 2468.
RETURN IMMEDIATELY AFTER USE TO THE
CIA ARCHIVES AND RECORDS CENTER
-

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 322, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
—

es
i eh

* a
Lo ‘
a . .
i . * \
1 . 5 7
1 4 “a
. “
rt 5
4

* -
*

4
fv

SPECIAL REPORT NO.14

(ANALYSIS OF REPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS)

PROJECT NO. 10073

5 MAY 1955

FOR GPEC
(AFR 190-

& .
ay ag a

a woe TT i,
ae ee

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER

WRIGHT- PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

co

Copy No.

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 304, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
PROJECT BLUE BOOK

SPECIAL REPORT NO. 14

(ANALYSIS OF REPORTS OF UNIDENTIFIED AERIAL OBJECTS)

Sa —+

PROJECT NO, 10073

5 MAY 1955

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
(AFR 190-16)

AIR TECHNICAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER
WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE
OHIO

No copyright material is contained in this publication,

ee
a

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1930, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE OF CONTENTS
SUMMARY .
INTRODUCTION
ORIGIN AND NATURE OF DATA
REDUCTION OF DATA IO MECHANIZED COMPUTATION FORM
Questionnaire .
Coding System and Work Sheet
Identification of Working Papers.
Evaluation of Individual Reports .
ANALYSIS OF THE DATA . . . . . .
Frequency and Percentage Distributions by Characteristics
Graphical Presentation .
Advanced Study of the Data
Position of the Sun Relative to the Observer:
Statistical Chi Square Test
The "Flying Saucer" Model
:::
CONCLUSIONS
- ..
•
APPENDIX A. TABULATION OF FREQUENCY AND PERCENTAGE
DISTRIBUTIONS BY CHARACTERISTICS
APPENDIX B. WORKING PAPER FORMS
LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS
Figure 1
Frequency of Sightings by Year for Object, Unit, and All Sightings
Figure 2
Distribution of Evaluations of Object, Unit, and All Sightings for All Years
Figure 3
Distribution of Object Sightings by Evaluation for All Years With Comparisons
of Each Year for Each Evaluation Group .
Figure 4
Distribution of Object Sightings by Evaluation for All Years and Each Year
Figure 5 Distribution of Object Sightings by Evaluation Within Months for All Years
Figure 6
Distribution of Object Sightings by Certain and Doubtful Evaluations for
All Years and Each Year .
Figure 7
Frequency of Object Sightings and Unknown Object Evaluations by
Months, 1947-1952
Figure 8
Distribution Di object Sightin by Sting Reliability Groups With
Figure 9
Groups for A10 Yect Sight Bac Amant the Four Sighting Reliability
Figure 10 Distribution of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, Segregated
by Military and Civilian Observers,
With Evaluation Distribution
for Each Segregation
...
Figure 11 Distribution Di object sightinga by Relor ted Colors of Objecta) With
Figure 12 Dietitiano or Diet sightin for Bach Groof Obiecte Seen per Sighting
Figure 13 Distriction object Duratio Pupation of Sighting With Evaluation
iii
Page
vii
10
14
14
16
16
16
60
76
94
95
255
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2871, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS
(Continued)
Figure 14 Distribution of Object Sightings by Months Among the Eight Duration
Groups for All Years
Figure 15
Distribution of Object Sightings by Shape of Object(s) Reported With
Evaluation Distribution for Each Shape Group .
Figure 16
Distribution of Object Sightings by Reported Speed of Object(s) With
Evaluation Distribution for Each Speed Group .
....
Figure 17 Distribution of All Sightings by Observer Location for All Years and Each Year . .
••.
Figure 18 Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Color, 1947-1952 . .
Figure 19
Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Number of Objects
per Sighting, 1947-1952
Figure 20 Corparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Speed, 1947-1952
Figure 21
Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Duration, 1947-1952
Figure 22
Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Shape, 1947-1952
Figure 23
Comparison of Known and Unknown Object Sightings by Light Brightness, 1947-1952
Figure 24 Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Astronomical
Versus Total Object Sightings Less Astronomical.
Figure 25
Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Aircraft
Versus Total Object Sightings Less Aircraft
Figure 26 Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Balloon
Versus Total Object Sightings Less Balloon.
Figure 27 Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Insufficient
Information Versus Total Object Sightings Less Insufficient Information
Figure 28
Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Other
Versus Total Object Sightings Less Other
Figure 29
Comparison of Monthly Distribution of Object Sightings Evaluated as Unknown
Versus Total Object Sightings
Less Unknown
Figure 30
Characteristics Profiles of Object Sightings by Total Sample,
Known Evaluations,
and Individual Known Evaluations,
With Unknown Evaluations Superimposed
Figure 31
Frequency of Object,
Unit,
and All Sightings Within the U. S., 1947-1952, by
Subdivisions of One Degree of Latitude and Longitude
Figure 32 Distribution of Object Sightings by Evaluation for the Iwelve Regional Areas of
the U. S., With the Strategic Areas Located
Figure 33
Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the
Central East Region
Figure 34 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the
Central Midwest Region
Figure 35
Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the
Central Farwest Region
Figure 36 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the
South Midwest Region
Figure 37 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the
South West Region
•
Page
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
42
43
44
45
46
47
48
49
50
51
52
53
iv

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1478, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS
(Continued)
Figure 38 Comparison of Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the
South Farwest Region
Figure 39 Diagram of a Celestial Sphere. . •
•
Figure 40 Frequency of Object Sightings by Angle of Elevation of the Sun, Intervals
of 10 Degrees of Angle.
Figure 41 Frequency of Object Sightings by Local Sun Time, Intervals of One Hour
Table I Object Sightings
.....
Table II Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Color
Table III Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Number
Table IV Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Shape
Table V Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Duration of Observation
Table VI Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Speed
-•
Table VII Chi Square Test of Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Light Brightness
Table VIII Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Color .
Table IX Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Number.
Table X Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Shape
Table XI Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of
Duration of Observation
•
Table XII Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Speed
Table XIII Chi Square Test of Revised Knowns Versus Unknowns on the Basis of Light Brightness.
Page
54
56
- . • •
57
59
60
62
63
64
65
66
67
70
71
72
73
74
75
V
and
vi

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 464, "chars": 3181, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUMMARY
Reports of unidentified aerial objects (popularly termed "flying
saucers" or "flying discs") have been received by the U.S. Air Force
since mid-1947 from many and diverse sources. Although there was no
evidence that the unexplained reports of unidentified objects constituted
a threat to the security of the U.S., the Air Force determined that all
reports of unidentified aerial objects should be investigated and evaluated
to determine if "flying saucers" represented technological developments
not known to this country.
In order to discover any pertinent trend or pattern inherent in the
data,
and to evaluate or explain any trend
or pattern found, appropriate
methods of reducing these data from reports of unidentified aerial objects
to a form amenable to scientific appraisal were employed. In general, the
original data upon which this study was based consisted of impressions and
interpretations of apparently unexplainable events, and seldom contained
reliable measurements of physical attributes. This subjectivity of the data
presented a major limitation to the drawing of significant conclusions, but
did not invalidate the application of scientific methods of study.
The reports received by the U.S. Air Force on unidentified aerial
objects were reduced to IBM punched-card abstracts of the data by means
of logically developed forms and standardized evaluation procedures.
Evaluation of sighting reports, a crucial step in the preparation of the data
for statistical treatment, consisted of an appraisal of the reports and the
subsequent categorization of the object or objects described in each report.
A detailed description of this phase of the study stresses the careful
attempt to maintain complete objectivity and consistency.
Analysis of the refined and evaluated data derived from the original
reports of sightings consisted of (1) a systematic attempt to ferret out any
distinguishing characteristics inherent in the data of any of their segments,
(2) a concentrated study of any trend or pattern found, and (3) an attempt
to determine the probability that any of the UNKNOWNS represent observa-
tions of technological developments not known to this country.
The first step in the analysis of the data revealed the existence of
certain apparent similarities between cases of objects definitely identified
and those not identified. Statistical methods of testing when applied indicated
a low probability that these apparent similarities were significant. An
attempt to determine the probability that any of the UNKNOWNS represented
observations of technological developments not known to this country necessi-
tated a thorough re-examination and re-evaluation of the cases of objects not
originally identified; this led to the conclusion that this probability was very
small.
The special study which resulted in this report (Analysis of Reports
of Unidentified Aerial Objects, 5 May 1955) started in 1953.
To provide the
study group with a complete set of files, the information cut-off date was
established as of the end of 1952. It will accordingly be noted that the
statistics contained in all charts and tables in this report are terminated
vii
-

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2520, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with the year 1952. In these charts, 3201 cases have been used.
As the study progressed, a constant program was maintained for
the purpose of making comparisons between the current cases received
after 1 January 1953, and those being used for the report.
This was done
in order that any change or significant trend which might arise from
current developments could be incorporated in the summary of this report.
The 1953 and 1954 cases show a general and expected trend of
increasing percentages in the finally identified categories. They also show
decreasing percentages in categories where there was insufficient informa-
tion and those where the phenomena could not be explained. This trend had
been anticipated in the light of improved reporting and investigating pro-
cedures.
Official reports on hand at the end of 1954 totaled 4834. Of these,
425 were produced in 1953 and 429 in 1954. These 1953 and 1954 indi-
vidual reports (a total of 854), were evaluated on the same basis as were
those received before the end of 1952. The results are as follows:
Balloons
- 16%
Aircraft
- 20%
Astronomical - 25%
Other
- 13%
Insufficient Info - 17%
Unknown
- 9%
As the study of the current cases progressed, it became increasingly
obvious that if reporting and investigating procedures could be further improved,
the percentages of those cases which contained insufficient information and
those remaining unexplained would be greatly reduced. The key to a higher
percentage of solutions appeared to be in rapid "on the spot" investigations
by trained personnel. On the basis of this, a revised program was estab-
lished by AF Reg. 200-2 Subject: "Unidentified Flying Objects Reporting"
(Short Title: UFOB) dated 12 August 1954.
This new program, which had begun to show marked results before
anuary 1955, provided primarily that the 4602d Air Intelligence Service
Squadron (Air Defense Command) would carry out all field investigations.
This squadron has sufficient units and is so deployed as to be able to arrive
"on the spot" within a very short time after a report is received. After
treatment by the 4602d AISS, all information is supplied to the Air Technical
Intelligence Center for final evaluation.
This cooperative program has re-
sulted, since 1 January 1955, in reducing the insufficient information cases
to 7% and the unknown cases to 3%, of the totals.
The period 1 January 1955 to 5 May 1955 accounted for 131 unidentified
aerial object reports received. Evaluation percentages of these are as follows:
viii

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 1240, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Balloons
- 26%
Aircraft
- 21%
Astronomical
- 23%
Other
- 20%
Insufficient Info - 7%
Unknown
- 3%
All available data were included in this study which was prepared by
a panel of scientists both in and out of the Air Force. On the basis of this
study it is believed that all the unidentified aerial objects could have been
explained if more complete observational data had been available. Insofar
as the reported aerial objects which still remain unexplained are concerned,
there exists little information other than the impressions and interpretations
of their observers.
As these impressions and interpretations have been
replaced by the use of improved methods of investigation and reporting, and
• by scientific analysis, the number of unexplained cases has decreased rapidly
towards the vanishing point.
Therefore, on the basis of this evaluation of the information, it is
considered to be highly improbable that reports of unidentified aerial objects
examined in this study represent observations of technological developments
outside of the range of present-day scientific knowledge. It is emphasized
that there has been a complete lack of any valid evidence of physical matter
in any case of a reported unidentified aerial object.
ix

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 2887, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INTRODUCTION
In June, 1947, Kenneth Arnold, a Boise, Idaho, businessman and
private pilot, publicly reported the now-famous sighting of a chainlike
formation of disc-shaped objects near Mount Rainier, Washington. Result-
ing newspaper publicity of this incident caught the public interest, and,
shortly thereafter, a rash of reports of unidentified aerial objects spawned
the term "flying saucers". During the years since 1947, many reports of
unidentified aerial objects have been received by the Air Force from many
and diverse sources.
The unfortunate term "flying saucer", or "flying disc", because of
its widespread and indiscriminate use, requires definition.
Many defini-
tions have been offered, one of the best being that originated by Dr. J.
Allen Hynek, Director of the Emerson McMillin Observatory of The Ohio
State University, who has taken a scientific interest in the problem of
unidentified aerial objects since 1949. Dr. Hynek's definition of the term
is "any aerial phenomenon or sighting that remains unexplained to the
viewer at least long enough for him to write a report about it"(1). Dr. Hynek,
elaborating on his definition, says, "Each flying saucer, so defined, has
associated with it a probable lifetime. It wanders in the field of public in-
sion tin hi pu an alect on its a fiste of jossa untyl gaptured lY an explana-
This definition would be applicable to any and all of the sightings
which remained unidentified throughout this study. However, the term
"flying saucers" shall be used hereafter in this report to mean a novel,
airborne phenomenon, a manifestation that is not a part of or readily ex-
plainable by the fund of scientific knowledge known to be possessed by the
Free World. This would include such items as natural phenomena that are
not yet completely understood, psychological phenomena, or intruder air-
craft of a type that may be possessed by some source in large enough
numbers so that more than one independent mission may have been flown
and reported. Thus, these phenomena are of the type which should have
been observed and reported more than once.
Since 1947, public interest in the subject of unidentified aerial objects
fluctuated more
or less within reasonable limits until the summer of 1952,
when the frequency of reports of sightings reached a peak, possibly stimu-
lated by several articles on the subject in leading popular magazines.
Early in 1952, the Air Force's cumulative study and analysis of
reported sightings indicated that the majority of reports could be accounted
for as misinterpretations of known objects (such as meteors, balloons, or
aircraft), a few as the result of mild hysteria, and a very few as the result
of unfamiliar meteorological phenomena and light aberrations. However,
(1) Hynek, J. A., "Unusual Aerial Phenomena", Journal of the Optical Society of America, 43 (4),
pp 311-314, April, 1953.
1

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 412, "chars": 2817, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
a significant number of fairly complete reports by reliable observers re-
mained unexplained. Although no evidence existed that unexplained reports
of sightings constituted a physical threat to the security of the U. S., in
March, 1952, the Air Force decided that all reports of unidentified
aerial objects should be investigated and evaluated to determine if "flying
saucers" represented technological developments not known to this country.
Originally, the problem involved the preparation and analysis of about
1,300 reports accumulated by the Air Force between 1947 and the end of
March, 1952. During the course of the work, the number of reports sub-
mitted for analysis and evaluation more than tripled, the result of the un-
precedented increase in observations during 1952. Accordingly, this study
is based on a number of reports considered to be large enough for a pre-
liminary statistical analysis, approximately 4, 000 reports.
This study was undertaken primarily to categorize the available
reports of sightings and to determine the probability that any of the reports
of unidentified aerial objects represented observations of "flying saucers".
With full cognizance of the quality of the data available for study, yet with
an awareness of the proportions this subject has assumed at times in the
public mind, this work was undertaken with all the seriousness accorded
to a straightforward scientific investigation. In order to establish the
probability that any of the reports of unidentified aerial objects represented
observations of "flying saucers", it was necessary to make an attempt to
answer the question "What is a 'flying saucer'?". However, it must be
emphasized that this was only incidental to the primary purpose of the
study, the determination of the probability that any of the reports of un-
identified aerial objects represented observations of "flying saucers", as
defined on Page 1.
The basic technique for this study consisted of reducing the available
data to a form suitable for mechanical manipulation, a prerequisite for the
application of preliminary statistical methods.. One of International
Business Machine Corporation's systems was chosen as the best available
mechanical equipment.
The reduction of data contained in sighting reports into a form suit-
able for transfer to IBM punched cards was extremely difficult and time
consuming.
For this study a panel of consultants was formed, consisting of both
experts within and outside ATIC. During the course of the work, guidance
and advice were received from the panel. The professional experience
available from the panel covered major scientific fields and numerous
specialized fields.
All records and working papers of this study have been carefully
preserved in an orderly fashion suitable for ready reference.
These
2

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 419, "chars": 2765, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
records include condensations of all individual sighting reports, and the
IBM cards used in various phases of the
study.
ORIGIN AND NATURE OF DATA
Reports of sightings were received by the U. S. Air Force from a
representative cross section of the population of the U. S., and varied
widely in completeness and quality. Included were reports from reputable
scientists, housewives, farmers, students, and technically trained mem-
bers of the Armed Forces.
Reports varied in length from a few sentences
stating that a "flying saucer" had been sighted, to those containing thou-
sands of words, including description, speculation, and advice on how to
handle the "problem of the 'flying saucers'". Some reports were of high
quality, conservative, and as complete as the observer could make them;
a few originated from people confined to mental institutions. A critical
examination of the reports revealed, however, that a high percentage of
them was submitted by serious people, mystified by what they had seen and
motivated by patriotic responsibility.
Three principal sources of reports were noted in the preliminary
review of the data. The bulk of the data arrived at ATIC through regular
military channels, from June, 1947, until the middle of 1952.
A second type of data consisted of letters reporting sightings sent by
civilian observers directly to ATIC. Most of these direct communications
were dated subsequent to April 30, 1952, and are believed to be the result
of a suggestion by a popular magazine that future reports be directed to the
Air Technical Intelligence Center. As could be expected, a large number
of letters was received following this publicity.
A third type of data was that contained in questionnaire forms com-
pleted by the observer himself. A questionnaire form, developed during
the course of this study, was
mailed by ATIC to a selected group of writers
of direct letters with the request that the form be completed and returned.
Approximately 1,000 responses were received by ATIC.
In general,
the data were subjective, consisting of qualified estimates
of physical characteristics rather than of precise measurements. Further-
more, most of the reports were not reduced to written form immediately.
The time between sighting and report varied from one day to several years.
Both of these factors introduced an element of doubt concerning the validity
of the original data, and increased
its subjectivity. This was intensified by
the recognized inability of the average individual to estimate speeds, dis-
tances, and sizes of objects in the air with any degree of accuracy. In
spite of these limitations, methods of statistical analysis of such reports in
sufficiently large groups are valid. The danger lies in the possibility of
3

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 358, "chars": 2434, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
forgetting the subjectivity of the data at the time that conclusions are
drawn from the analysis. It must be emphasized, again and again, that any
conclusions contained in this report are based NOT on facts, but on what
many observers thought and estimated the true facts to be.
Altogether, the data for this study consisted of approximately 4, 000
reports of sightings of unidentified aerial objects. The majority were re-
ceived through military channels or in the form of observer-completed
questionnaires; a few were accepted in the form of direct letters from un-
questionably reliable sources. Sightings made between June, 1947, and
December, 1952, were considered for this study. Sightings alleged to have
occurred prior to 1947 were not considered, since they were not reported
to official sources until after public interest in "flying saucers" had been
stimulated by the popular press.
REDUCTION OF DATA TO MECHANIZED COMPUTATION FORM
As received by the Air Technical Intelligence Center, the sighting
reports were not in a form suitable for even a quasi-scientific study. A
preliminary review of the data indicated the need for standardized interro-
gation procedures and supplemental forms for the reduction of currently
held and subsequently acquired data to a form amenable to scientific
appraisal.
The plan for reduction of the data to usable form consisted of a pro-
gram of development comprising four major steps: (1) a systematic listing
of the factors necessary to evaluate the observer and his report, and to
identify the unknown object observed; (2) a standard scheme for the trans-
fer of data to a mechanized computation system; (3) an orderly means of
relating the original data to all subsequent forms; and (4) a consistent pro-
cedure for the identification of the phenomenon described by the original
data.
Questionnaire
The first reports received by ATIC varied widely in completeness
and quality. Air Force Letter 200-5(2) and Air Force Form 112(1) were
attempts to fix responsibility for and improve the quality of the reports of
sightings. Io coordinate past efforts and to provide standardization for the
(1) A modified Air Force Form 112 lists pertinent questions to be answered in regard to an unidentified-object
(2) Air Force Letter 200-5 places responsibility with the Air Force for the investigation, reporting, and
analysis of unidentified aerial objects. This letter is dated 29 April 1952.
4

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 451, "chars": 2929, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
future, it was imperative to develop a questionnaire form listing the factors
necessary for evaluation of the observer and his report, and identification
of the unknown objects. In addition, it was decided that such a questionnaire
should be designed to serve as an interrogator's guide, and as a form for
the observer himself to complete when personal interrogation was not possi-
ble or practicable.
Ideally, a questionnaire for the purposes required should contain
questions pertaining to all technical details considered to be essential for
the statistical approach, and should serve to obtain a maximum of informa-
tion from the average individual who had made a sighting in the past or
would be likely to be reporting sightings in the future. Besides these dis-
crete facts, an integrated written description of a sighting would be re-
quired, thus enabling the reported facts of the sighting to be corroborated.
Also, a narrative description might allow subtle questions to be answered
concerning the observer's ability, such as indirect questions that would
reveal his reasoning ability, suggestibility, and general mental attitude.
As a whole, then, the information contained in a questionnaire should make
possible the classification and evaluation of the sighting, the rating of the
observer, the probability of accuracy of reported facts, and the identifica-
tion of what was reported by the observer as unidentified.
During the course of this project, three questionnaire forms were
developed, each intended to be an improved revision of the one preceding.
The improvements were suggested and confirmed by members of the panel
of consultants connected with this project.
The original form was evolved by the panel of consultants as their
first work on this project. It was intended to allow the start of the reduc-
tion of reports to discrete data, and was immediately subjected to exten-
sive review and revision by the panel. The revised (second) form was
subjected to a trial test before adoption. ATIC sent a copy to observers
reporting sightings, with the request that the form be completed and re-
turned. Of the first 300 questionnaires returned during July and August,
1952, 168 were analyzed by a consulting psychologist. On the basis of this
analysis, plus the experience gained in working with past reports, the final
form of the questionnaire - the U. S. Air Force Technical Information
chaine Sin
Sheet - was evolved. Copies of the three forms of the questionnaire, in
the order of their development, are shown as Exhibits Bl, B2, and B3 in
Appendix B.
In order to implement the transcription of data from past sighting
reports, each succeeding form was put to use as soon as it was developed
and approved. Accordingly, experience was obtained with each form in
relation to past data, an important factor in the improvement of the quality
and completeness of the later reports included in this study.
5

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2841, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Coding System and Work Sheet
The reduction of non-numerical data to numerical form is mandatory
in the machine handling of data. Thus, the selection of the IBM punched-
card system for analysis of data forced the adoption of a master coding
plan. Since it was impracticable to transfer detailed data of an exact
nature from the questionnaire to the IBM card, an intermediate transfer
form, coordinated with the master code, was necessary.
The master coding plan was evolved during the early stages of the
preliminary analysis of data,
and was reviewed by the panel of consultants
before
use.
It was recognized that this system of coding would be the
heart of the analysis, that is, the completeness of the facility for trans-
lation of data could make or break the study. Accordingly, every conceiv-
able factor that might influence the identification of unidentified aerial
objects was included, together with a wide range of variations within each
factor. The original coding system (with minor corrections) was used
throughout the translation of the original data with marked success. A copy
of this system, called CODES, is enclosed as Exhibit B4, Appendix B.
To facilitate the preparation of the punched-card abstract, an inter-
mediate form called the WORK SHEET (later, the CARD BIBLE) was
developed. Referenced to both the data from the questionnaire and the sys-
tem of report identification, the WORK SHEET permitted an orderly
transcription of data simultaneously by several people. In conjunction
with the CODES, the WORK SHEET was used during the reduction of the
original data to code form necessary for transfer to punched cards. A
sample is included as Exhibit B5, Appendix B.
After the analysis was under way, it became apparent that the me-
chanics of machine processing could be improved by incorporating in the
IBM card system group classifications of certain factors requiring more
than one column for discrete expression. In addition, the inclusion of
certain data relating to the evaluation and bearing of the sun with respect
to the observer was considered necessary. Finally, a critical examination
of certain segments of the data indicated the need for the definition of a
new factor relating to the maneuvers of the object or objects sighted.
Prior to the start of the analytical study, it had been assumed that a com-
bination of stated factors would, by inference, define the maneuver pattern.
All these additions have been
incorporated in a revised set of CODES
and CARD BIBLE that are illustrated as Exhibits B6 and B7, Appendix B.
However, at the time that the maneuver factor was determined to be criti-
cal, it was physically impracticable to make the required definitions and
re-evaluate the original data, Therefore, no code for maneuverability has
been included in the CODES, CARD BIBLE, or IBM cards.
6

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 363, "chars": 2375, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Identification of Working Papers
The actual reduction of data to IBM punched-card form presented a
problem of mass transfer of figures by several workers.
Recognizing that
an orderly system of relating the original data to the questionnaire, the
WORK SHEET, and the IBM card was imperative, a scheme of SERIAL
NUMBERS was developed to answer this need.
The first data consisted of a series of letter-file folders identified by
the year and location of the sighting or sightings they contained. The num-
ber of reports of sightings in a single folder varied from 1 to over 20.
Under these conditions, there was a great possibility for incorrect tran-
scription of data, duplication of transcription, or misplacement of inter-
mediate forms. Further, it was considered desirable to relate all sightings
of the same object or objects to one another. The concept of a four-digit
serial number (major), followed by a two-digit subserial number (minor),
was adequate to fulfill these requirements.
To expedite handling of the data, temporary serial numbers were
assigned until each report had been evaluated and the phenomenon had been
placed in a category of identification. The use of temporary serial num-
bers permitted the consolidation of duplicate reports from apparently
diverse sources, such as a teletype message and an Air Force Form 112.
However, this consolidation was made ONLY when it could be proved con-
clusively that the sources of the two documents were one and the same.
Factors of the observer's location, date and time of observation, descrip-
tion of the phenomenon, and finally, the name of the observer were con-
and inion, dare a
sidered. In this manner, the assignment of major serial and minor sub-
serial numbers in continuous series was made only to the reports accepted
for the statistical study. It is believed that the reports accepted represent
unique and unduplicated instances of sightings.
In the establishment of the serial-number system, it was necessary
to define certain terms,' so that a standard interpretation could be achieved.
The terms and corresponding definitions were:
OBSERVER - Any witness reporting to a proper authority that
he had seen unidentified aerial objects.
SIGHTING - The report or group of reports of the same
observed phenomenon that remained unidenti-
fied to the observer or observers, at least
until reported.
7

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 2055, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SINGLE OBSERVATION - A SIGHTING consisting of a single
report from (1) one OBSERVER with no knowledge
of additional OBSERVERS of the same phenom-
enon, or (2) a group of witnesses of the same
phenomenon, each cognizant of the others. The
witness who made the report is called a SINGLE
OBSERVER.
MULTIPLE OBSERVATION - A SIGHTING consisting of
several reports from OBSERVERS of the same
phenomenon who were cognizant of each other.
The witnesses who made reports are called
MULTIPLE OBSERVERS.
ALL SIGHTINGS - (1) The group of reports consisting of one
report for each OBSERVER, including both
SINGLE and MULTIPLE OBSERVERS. (2) The
questionnaire, work sheet, and IBM card
representing the report from each OBSERVER -
in other words, the representation of each report
accepted for the statistical study.
UNIT SIGHTINGS - (1) The group of reports consisting of one
report for each SIGHTING, including all the
reports of SINGLE OBSERVATIONS and the one
most representative report from each MULTIPLE
OBSERVATION. (2) The questionnaire, work
sheet, and IBM card representing the report for
each SIGHTING accepted for the statistical study.
A major serial number (four digits) was assigned to each sighting,
segregating the year of occurrence by selection of limits for each year, as
follows:
0001 to 0500 reserved for 1947
0501 to 1000 reserved for 1948
1001 to 1500 reserved for 1949
1501 to 2000 reserved for 1950
2001 to 2500 reserved for 1951
2501 to 4900 reserved for 1952
While this scheme would serve to identify any individual sighting, identifi-
cation of each report and its subsequent forms was necessary. The minor
subserial numbers (two digits) fulfiiled this requirement. For all SINGLE
OBSERVATIONS, a major serial number followed by two (2) zeros, for
example, 2759.00, was sufficient identification.
For MULTIPLE OBSER-
VATIONS, the major serial number followed by a series of two-digit num-
bers ranging from 00 to 99 was used to identify the individual reports. In
general, the most complete report from the most reliable observer of that
8

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2577, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
MULTIPLE OBSERVATION was identified with the . 00 subserial number.
As an example, a MULTIPLE OBSERVATION consisting of six sighting
reports would have the following serial numbers:
1132.00 representing the best report and observer
1132.01 representing an additional observer
1132. 02 representing an additional observer
1132.03 representing an additional observer
1132. 04 representing an additional observer
1132. 05 representing an additional observer
During the course of the transcription of the data to machine card
form, it became obvious that certain reports could have been independent
observations of the same phenomenon. So, if the presentation of an
analysis based on one report for each sighting was valid (the concept of
UNIT SIGHTINGS), a presentation of an analysis based on one report for
each phenomenon should be valid also. Further, the examination of data
relating to the actual number of phenomena was considered to be the proper
basis for assessing the probability of technological developments outside
the range of present-day scientific knowledge. Therefore, a designation of
OBJECT SIGHTINGS was established, with the following definition:
OBJECT SIGHTING - (1) The group of reports consisting of
one report for each phenomenon. (2) The
questionnaire, work sheet, and IBM card
representing a report for each phenomenon
accepted for the statistical study.
In brief review, ALL SIGHTINGS refer to all reports, UNIT SIGHTINGS
refer to actual sightings, and OBJECT SIGHTINGS refer to the assumed
number of phenomena.
It must be recognized that the process of identifying OBJECT
SIGHTINGS was deductive, while that for UNIT SIGHTINGS was definitive.
A conservative approach was adopted in the determination of OBJECT
SIGHTINGS, using the factors of date and time of observations, location
of observers, duration of observations, and range, bearing, track direc-
tion, and identification of the phenomena. Any error of selection of OBJECT
SIGHTINGS will tend to be in the direction of reducing the actual number of
phenomena observed (several instances of UNIT SIGHTINGS that might be
one OBJECT SIGHTING were noted, but the evidence was not conclusive
enough to justify consolidation of the reports).
Following the determination of OBJECT SIGHTINGS, a series of
serial numbers, called the INCIDENT SERIAL NUMBERS, was established
to facilitate any future study of a specific object sighting.
Each reported
sighting that relates to an OBJECT SIGHTING received the same incident
serial number, a four-digit code paralleling the major serial number
series.
9

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2292, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
For machine manipulation, it was desirable to be able to select the
sample of cards (all reports, all sightings, or all phenomena) to be in-
cluded in a particular study. The concept of a SIGHTING IDENTIFICATION
NUMBER was evolved to fill this desire.
Using one column of the IBM
card, and the correlated working papers, the code for this function was
developed. Multiple punching eliminated the need to use several columns
for discrete expression of the variations. Selection of the proper number
in this column thus permitted selection of the desired sample of cards.
Evaluation of Individual Reports
Evaluation of sighting reports was recognized as a crucial step in the
preparation of data for statistical treatment; inconsistent evaluations would
have invalidated any conclusions to be derived from this study. A method
of evaluation was, therefore, determined simultaneously with the develop-
ment of the questionnaire, the coding system, and the work sheet.
It is
emphasized that all phases of evaluation, even including the tedious prep-
aration of the original data for statistical treatment, were entrusted only
to selected, specially qualified scientists and engineers.
Evaluation consisted of a standardized procedure to be followed for:
(1) the deduction of discrete facts from data which depended on human im-
pressions rather than scientific measurements, (2) the rating of the ob-
server and his report as determined from available information, and (3) the
determination of the probable identification of the phenomenon observed.
Categories of identification, established upon the basis of previous experi- .
ence, were as follows:
Balloon
Astronomical
Aircraft
Light phenomenon
Birds
Clouds, dust, etc.
Insufficient information
Psychological manifestations
Unknown
Other
The first step in evaluation, the deduction of discrete facts from
subjective data, required certain calculations based on the information
available in the sighting report.
An example was the finding of the approxi-
mate angular velocity and acceleration of the object or objects sighted.
Care was taken during this phase of the work to insure against the deduc-
ion of discrete facts not warranted by the original data. Thus, even
though there was a complete lack of any valid evidence consisting of
10

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2530, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
physical matter in any case of a reported unidentified aerial object, this
was not assumed to be prima facie evidence that "flying saucers" did not
exist.
In those cases in which an attempt to reduce the information to a
factual level failed completely, the report was eliminated from further con-
sideration, and thus not included in the statistical analysis. About 800
reports of sightings were eliminated or rejected in this manner. Most of
these reports were rejected because they were extremely nebulous; the
rest were rejected because they contained highly conflicting statements.
The second step in evaluation, the rating of the observer and his
report, logically followed the first step, the reduction of the data to usable
form. Ratings were assigned on the basis of the following factors of in-
formation, considered in relation to one another:
(1) The experience of the observer,
deduced from his
occupation, age, and training;
(2) The consistency among the separate portions of the
description of the sighting;
(3) The general quality and completeness of the report;
(4) Consideration of the observer's fact-reporting ability
and attitude, as disclosed by his manner of describing
the sighting.
In cases in which insufficient information was available to make a judgment
of the observer or report, none was made, but the report was accepted for
the statistical study.
The third step in the process of evaluation, the attempted identifica-
tion of the object or objects sighted, was done twice, first by the individual
who made the transcription of the data (the preliminary identification), and
later (the final identification) by a conference of four persons, two repre-
sentatives from ATIC and two from the panel of consultants.
Although
representatives of ATIC participated in making the final identifications, it
must be emphasized that any previous identification of a sighting made by
, ATIC was not introduced or referred to in any way.
In the coding system, the choices provided for final identifications
were based on ATIC's previous experience in analysis of the data. They
had found that the majority of sightings could be classified as misinterpre-
tations of common objects or natural phenomena. Accordingly, categories
for objects most frequently present in the air were provided. Balloons,
aircraft, astronomical bodies (such as meteors), birds, and clouds or dust
were recognized as major categories. The less frequent, but.common
objects, such as kites, fireworks, flares, rockets, contrails, and
11

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 326, "chars": 2283, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
meteorological phenomena like small tornadoes, were collected into a
category called OTHER.
A separate category for the uncommon natural
phenomena associated with light reflections or refractions, such as mirages,
sun dogs, inversion-layer images, and distortions caused by airborne ice,
was established with the title of LIGHT PHENOMENON. Categories for
INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION, PSYCHOLOGICAL MANIFESTATIONS, and
UNKNOWN were provided for the sightings that could not be fitted into the
preceding identifications. An explanation of their use follows:
INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION - This identification category
was assigned to a report when, upon final con-
sideration, there was some essential item of
information missing, or there was enough
doubt about what data were available to disallow
identification as a common object or some
natural phenomenon.
It is emphasized that this
category of identification was not used as a
convenient way to dispose of what might be
called "poor unknowns", but as a category for
reports that, perhaps, could have been one of
several known objects or natural phenomena.
No reports identified as INSUFFICIENT INFORMA- •
TION contain authenticated facts or impressions
concerning the sighting that would prevent its
being identified as a known object or phenomenon;
PSYCHOLOGICAL MANIFESTATIONS - This identification
category was assigned to a report when,
although it was well established that the ob-
server had seen something, it was also
obvious that the description of the sighting
had been overdrawn. Religious fanaticism, a
desire for publicity, or an over-active imagi-
nation were the most common mental aber-
rations causing this type of report;
UNKNOWN - This designation in the identification code was
assigned to those reports of sightings wherein
the description of the object and its maneuvers
could not be fitted to the pattern of any known
object or phenomenon.
For the purposes of this study, two groups of identifications were
recognized, the KNOWNS (including all identification categories except the
UNKNOWNS) and the UNKNOWNS.
All possible identifications provided in the code system, except
INSUFFICIENI INFORMATION and UNKNOWN, could be assigned accord-
ing to two degrees of certainty, designated "Certain" and "Doubtful".
12

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 429, "chars": 2895, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
A "Certain" identification indicated a minimum amount of doubt regarding
the validity of the evaluation. By "rule-of-thumb" reasoning, the proba-
bility of the identification being correct was better than 95 per cent. A
"Doubtful" identification indicated that the choice was less positive, but
that there was a better than even chance of being correct.
It is emphasized again that, as was true for other phases of evalua-
tion, preliminary and final identification was entrusted only to scientists
and engineers who, in addition to their broad scientific background, had
received instruction, where necessary, in specialized subjects. The panel
of consultants provided background information for this instruction. Many
and discussed with various members of the panel of consultants prior to the
final identification.
Consistency in the application of the knowledge necessary for making
identifications was maintained by frequent collaboration among the person-
nel involved, and systematic spot checks of the work. In addition to the
general fund of knowledge required to identify satisfactorily a reported
unidentified aerial object, an attempt was made to correlate specific data
such as flight plans of aircraft, records of balloon releases, weather con-
ditions, and an astronomical almanac with the reported sighting.
The procedure followed in making final identifications deserves ex-
planation because of the importance assumed by the identification as a basis
for statistical treatment. As was mentioned, a conference of four qualified
persons, two from ATIC and two from the panel of consultants, decided
upon the final identification for each sighting report. This work was done
at ATIC, periodically, as reports became ready.
During an identification conference, each sighting report was first
studied, from the original data, by one person. If that person arrived at a
decision, it was checked against the preliminary identification; if the two
identifications were the same, the report was appropriately marked and
considered finished. If the two identifications did not agree, the report
was considered later by everyone participating in the conference until a
group decision could be made.
If an evaluator was unable to categorize the report as one of the
common objects or as a natural phenomenon, and his opinion was that the
sighting should be recorded as UNKNOWN, a group decision was also re-
quired on that report before it was considered finished. A group decision
was necessary on all reports finally recorded as UNKNOWN, regardless of
what the preliminary identification had been. In cases where a group
decision was not made within a reasonable time, the report was put aside
and later submitted to certain members of the panel of consultants for their
opinions. If, after this, disagreement continued to exist, the report of the
sighting was identified as UNKNOWN.
13

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 2108, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Upon completion of final identifications, all data were transferred to
IBM cards, preparatory to analysis.
ANALYSIS OF THE DATA
Broadly stated, the problem at this point consisted of the judicious
recognized that an approach to this problem could best be made by a sys-
tematic sorting and tabulation program to give frequency and percentage
listributions of the important characteristics of sightings. A suggestio
hat an attempt be made to anticipate all questions that might be asked i
was rejected. The systematic approach also made it possible to develop
a detailed reference manual of the attributes of the sightings included in
this study.
Thus, at the beginning of the analysis, a detailed plan was developed
for sorting, counting, and tabulating the information from the punched-card
abstracts of reports of sightings.
It was believed at the time, and later
substantiated, that the results of the program for sorting and tabulating
would serve as a guide for the more sophisticated treatment involving
statistical methods.
Also, it was anticipated that any patterns or trends that might be
found could be subjected to concentrated study in the hope of discovering
significant information relating to the characteristics of "flying saucers".
Further, it was believed that these trends could serve as certain of the
criteria
of validity for any concepts (models) developed in the attempt to
discover a class of "flying saucers"
The three parts of this study (1) the sorting and tabulation program,
(2) the advanced study of the results of that program, and (3) the investiga-
tion of the possibility of conceiving a model of a "flying saucer" from
descriptions reported, are discussed in sections entitled "Frequency and
Percentage Distributions by Characteristics", "Advanced Study of the Data",
and "The 'Flying Saucer' Model".
Frequency and Percentage Distributions by Characteristics
The original conception of this study assumed the availability of
Suficier data to desceibe adequat ly the physical appearance, maneuver
objects observed. However, familiarity with the data, acquired during the
14

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2744, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
translation and transcription from reports to punched cards, indicated that
there would be relatively few specific variables or factors that would yield
meaningful correlation studies. Either the original data were too subjec-
tive, or the incompleteness of the original reports-would seriously reduce
the sample of a specific variable.
Preliminary tabulations of various sortings substantiated the im-
possibility of deriving statistical results from certain variables, such as
movement of the observer during the sighting, sound, shape parameter,
size, angular velocity and acceleration, appearance and disappearance
bearing, initial and final elevation, altitude, and orientation of the object.
The statistically usable variables presented in this study include the date,
time, location, duration, reliability, and method of observation of the
sighting, and the physical attributes of number, color, speed, shape, light
brightness, and identification of the objects sighted.
The presentation of frequency and percentage distributions of any of
the variables must be interpreted in the light of the sample of incidents
represented. For example, the analysis of the reported colors of the
objects sighted, based on ALL SIGHTINGS, could lead to misrepresenta-
tion of the distribution of the reported color of the objects, because of the
multiplicity of reports on some of the phenomena. On the other hand, the
percentage distribution of the light brightness reported by each observer
is more likely to be correct than a distribution based on one report for
each phenomenon. To assure that the most nearly correct presentation
was made, and to avoid the possibility of failure to uncover any pattern or
trend inherent in the data, the variables were studied on five different
bases or samples. These samples, and their numerical relation to each
other, were as follows:
ALL SIGHTINGS (all reports)
- 3,201 cards
UNIT SIGHTINGS, all observers
- 2,554 cards
UNIT SIGHTINGS, single observer
- 2,232 cards
UNIT SIGHTINGS, multiple observers - 322 cards
OBJECT SIGHTINGS
- 2,199 cards
The preliminary tabulations indicated that the samples based on UNIT
SIGHTINGS, single observer, and UNIT SIGHTINGS, multiple observers,
would not add materially to this study. Accordingly, although the fre-
quency distributions were recorded
and are available for study, they are
not presented in this report.
The bases of ALL SIGHTINGS, UNIT SIGHTINGS (referring to all
observers), and OBJECT SIGHTINGS are presented in Appendix A as
Tables Al through A240. A critical study of these tabulations reveals that
there is no apparent change in the distribution of any variable from one
basis to another, and that no marked patterns or trends exist in any sample.
15

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2664, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Graphical Presentation
Graphical representation of the important information contained in
the tables is presented in Figures 1 through 38. These figures present the
distributions of the important variables only by the total number of cases
in each identification category, since no significant differences were found
between the distributions of "Certain" and "Doubtful" identifications of
objects with respect to the variables.
A chronological study of these
figures will afford a broad picture of the tabulated information, without the
necessity of a detailed study of the tables.
A critical examination of the figures will show that no trends, patterns,
or correlations are to be found, with the exception of Figures 18 through 30.
The apparent similarity of the distributions shown by these mirror graphs,
Figures 18 through 23, was tested by statistical methods which showed that
there was a low probability that the distributions of the KNOWNS. and
UNKNOWNS by these characteristics were the same. These tests and their
interpretation are discussed in the following section. For purposes of this
study, the strategic areas, shown in Figures 32 through 38, and Tables
A223 through A240, Appendix A, were designated on the basis of concen-
tration of reports of OBJECI SIGHTINGS in an area. No other interpre-
tation of the tables or remaining charts was deemed necessary.
Advanced Study of the Data
It was recognized that the lack of any patterns or trends, as shown by
the tabulations and graphs, provided an insecure basis for drawing definite
conclusions. Accordingly, shortly before the sorting and tabulation pro-
gram was concluded, a program of study of the data was developed to
utilize statistical and other mathematical methods, which could lead to a
more concrete interpretation of the problem.
Position of the Sun Relative to the Observer
The first thing that was done was to calculate the angle of elevation of
the sun above the horizon and its bearing from true north as seen by the
observer at the time of each sighting. With this information, it could then
be determined whether there was a possibility that the reported object
could have been illuminated by light from the sun. In addition, it could be
determined whether an object could be a mock sun (sun dog) or whether
there was a possibility of specular reflection from an aircraft at the posi-
tion of the object, which would give the appearance of a "flying disc".
A program of computation was set up and carried out to obtain the
angle of elevation and the bearing of the sun for each sighting. All informa-
tion needed for this calculation was available on the deck of IBM cards.
16

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 19, "chars": 169, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Object sightings All sightings Unit sightings
2199 =1I0O0% 3201 = 100% 2554 =100 %

FIGURE | FREQUENCY OF SIGHTINGS BY YEAR FOR OBJECT,
UNIT, AND ALL SIGHTINGS

A-7479

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 26, "chars": 430, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
689=
21.5%
497=
19.5%
Unknown
434=19.7%
639=
25.0% 817=
25.5%
Astronomical
479 = 21.8%
125E
305=19.9%
9,6%|
Other
233 = 10.3 %
Aircraft
474 = 21.5%
Insuf.
info.
240 = 10.9%
2983
9.3%
261=
0.2%
Balloon
339 = 15.4%
527=
20.6%
642=
201%
379=14.8%
450=14.0%
Object sightings
2199=100 %
All sightings
3201=100%
Unit sightings
2554 = 100%
FIGURE 2 DISTRIBUTION OF EVALUATIONS OF OBJECT,
UNIT, AND ALL SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS
A -7480
18

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 273, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
x Unknown
Ce

4342=19.7%

Astronomica!

SS 479 =218%

233 =10.3% ©

Aircraft
474-=21.5%

Insuf. info.
240710.9%

Balloon
339 =15.4 %o

FIGURE 3 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY EVALU-
ATION FOR ALL YEARS WITH COMPARISONS OF
EACH YEAR FOR EACH EVALUATION GROUP

A-7481!

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 346, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
No. of object sightings

1(00— TT TT TITTY
CeCe Coote
SCCCeere CoCeeeh

90 Unknown 5 ct CCCCCcrH

y N . | COCCCOCS.
x HS] RRR ean i CoO OER

S
70 VS.

f cS
60 SSS 7” Neceresesecenes

All years 1947 1948 1949 1950 1951 1952

50 Balloon

Per Cent |

Od.

FIGURE 4 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY EVALUATION FOR ALL YEARS AND EACH YEAR

A-7482

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 108, "chars": 654, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
No. of object sightings

Oo © i o Ye t mM nu at

100

Oo

ee

s
CL

4

TCI TET TT TL RKhAAAYA
NTT TTT TTT TRS \N
OTT TET TTT TR N
SH TT TT RS \
i \

SREB || ||| AG
DEFT ARRR RR \S

TEL ttt RK es 7
OU ELIT TRS N Z o
TTT RK \ 4,
~ ee, _ ae, ~ ™~ N

~
IRR Ree 99,0 \
BCT TTT TRS) SS
WN ON
= TTT TT ETT TT TRS \
0 ns Ae SS a Oe Os N
- 7.

ral

—_

*,

LX KAA DLAA44
Basecanesecacess

; ”
meth
XK KL LOA
DTT TTT RRR
FE BRR
nn

—_ —

~

LIMO UW PO Ooe acy y
|; | ft RRR N Pe V4,
| O O

'@) 0) @ ~ C9) ww) ¢ rt) a | _

sBuryuBbis yoalqo SysUuOW YON] jo JUuad 4aq

Z|

FIGURE 5 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY EVALUATION WITHIN MONTHS FOR ALL YEARS

A-7483

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 298, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
Astronomical
All years
1947
Aircraft
All years
1947
1948
Balloons
All years
Insuf. info.
All years
Unknown
All years
Other
All year
94°
30
20
io
20
30
Certain
Per Cent
Doubtful
FIGURE 6 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY CERTAIN AND
DOUBTFUL EVALUATIONS FOR ALL YEARS AND EACH YEAR
A-7884
•
22

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 610, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
A Md A Ss
PY MO
im

60 SHIPS 6

Oo

Le)

\ 7
SES

Oo

Number of Object Sightings
7 77
SSK
= . an
Speer
COCS
SS

£36
=
||
3

C»”
( -®

Q >

J ne | PCr
| K A 1 > > A x i object sightings

3 PRIOR SERRE SOPRA RRS ET ROE 0

a ee a ee eS ee a ee ee ee ee

on
ee

>
>

xm
Se
O
Sv

s)

i?

Oe

x»
SS
\7

Se
ee
eee

nents
x
oN
X
{|

OX?
XP
Ss SOS

<
oe:
WwW,

S,
MS

So,
Ke

K
5

|
a
{>
oe
<
ie

| JF MAMI JASON DIV FMAMISASONOIVEMAMS JASONDIDEMAMJJASONDIVEMAMS JASONDIJF MAMI IASON D
1947 1949 50 195 | 1952

1948 19

FIGURE 7 FREQUENCY OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS AND UNKNOWN OBJECT EVALUATIONS BY MONTHS,
1947-1952 C-7485

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 707, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Unknown Astro-
72=16.6%
nomical
Other
99=22.8%
46=10.6%
435=
100%
Insuf.
Aircraft
69 = 15.9%
info.
93=21.4% Balloon
56:12.9%
Unknown
71=33.3%
Astro-
nomical
52=24.4%
213=
100%
Aircraft
41=19.2%
Balloon
25=
11.8%
Poor
435=
19.8%
¡Excellent
213=
9.7%
2199=
100%
757=
34.5%
Insuf. into.
9=4.2%
794=
36.0%
Doubtful.
Unknown Astro-
103=
nomical
Other \3.0%
154=19.4%
97-12.2%
Insuf.
info.
140% Balloon
/131 = 16.5%
794=
100%
Aircraft
198=24.9%'
Good
Unknown
188=
24.8%
Other
75=9.9%
Astro-
nomical
174=23.0%
757=
100% Aircraft
166 =
22.0%
/ Balloon
127 = 16.8%
Insuf. info.
27=3.6%
FIGURE 8 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING
RELIABILITY GROUPS WITH EVALUATION DISTRIBUTIONS
FOR EACH GROUP
4 - 7486
24

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 273, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
No. of object sightings
2199

Tele) {ol e)
| t&xcellent
90 90
80 80
70 70
~ 60 60
,
®
° 50 50
a @
40°F | poubtful 40
30 30
.20 20
lO 10
@)

All years

FIGURE 9 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS AMONG THE FOUR SIGHTING RELIABILITY
GROUPS FOR ALL YEARS AND EACH YEAR

A-7487

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 431, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Astronomical
Aircraft
Balloon. info.
Sinsuf.
Other
Unknown
25
50
_Per Cent.
75
100 0
25
50
75
100
25
50
75
100
25
50
75
100
45
40
35
30
$ 25
й 20-
15
10
5
Civilian
Civilian
Civilian
Civilian
Military
Military
Military
Excellent
Good
Doubtful
Military
Poor
FIGURE 10 DISTRIBUTION OF ALL SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY GROUPS. SEGREGATED BY
MILITARY AND CIVILIAN OBSERVERS WITH EVALUATION DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH
SEGREGATION
A-7488

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 409, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
TUIITTo TTT tor !00

100

90

i ee a a a oY,

2h ee ee ee es ee ee
RRR
‘ERR

80

o4
x
Q
OK
@
O

SKY
SKS
p KY S<
O6O66 66 )
SLRS RSE SK 70
RSS
eetarenes
SS

i

CX?
C)
oS
&
we

ii

2

Ae,

.»
S85

KX KKM

iF

Per Cent
¢
S
16)
Oo
Per Cent

\

\

Astro-
nomical

Other

28.4%

FIGURE |! DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY REPORTED COLORS
OF OBJECTS) WITH EVALUATION DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH
COLOR GROUP
A-7489

27

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 468, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
100-
80-
60-
100
-80
- 60
3-10 objects
255 = 11.6%
40-
Per Cent Within Group
20-
2 objects
196 = 8.9%
2199=
100%
I object
1636=74.4%
Il or more objects
66=3.0%
Number of objects not stated
46 = 2.1%
-40
- 20
80-
60-
40-
20-
- 100
-80
- 60
-40
-20
100-
Within Group
8
0-
6
Unknown
Others
Insuf. info.
Balloon
Aircraft
Astronomical
FIGURE 12 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY NUMBER OF
OBJECTS SEEN PER SIGHTING WITH EVALUATION DISTRI-
BUTION FOR EACH GROUP
A-7490
28

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 413, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
100
90-
80-
Not
stated
24.9%
0
Over 30 mir
7.8%
60
50
6-30 min
17.1%
61 sec -
40-
5 min
16.7%
30-
31-60 sec
6,8%
20-
11-30 sec
8.5 %
65.0%c
10-
5 sec or
less
13.0%
Duration
Astronomical
Aircraft
Balloon
Insuf. info.
Other
Unknown
10
20
30
40
50
60
Evaluations in Per Cent
70
80
90
100
FIGURE 13 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING WITH EVALUATION
DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH DURATION GROUP
A- 7491

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 47, "chars": 389, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
No. of object sightings
70
55
83
100
90-
Not
stoted
80-
70-
overT
30min.
o-
6-30
min
ach
50%
O 6l sec
40
LCO
m 5 min
° 30-
U 20-
10-
127
129
183
638
407
166
125
106
105
100
190
180
170
-60
nt
150%
-40
-30
-20
10
sec
5 sec
and
less
Jon
Feb
Mar
Apr
MOy
June
July
Aug
Sept
Oct
Nov
Dec
FIGURE 14 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY MONTHS AMONG THE EIGHT DURATION
GROUPS FOR ALL YEARS
A- 7492

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 398, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
100-
90-
23.5%
Astronomical
Aircraft
‹Balloon/
- Insuf. info.-
Other
Unknown
Not
stated
80-
*11.2%
70-
Other
Flame
60-
Lenticular conical
or
teardrop
aircroft
4.8%
5.7%
50-
40-
Toni
30-
Ellipticol
20-
10-
47.0%
Shape
20
30
40
50
60
Evaluation in Per Cent
70
80
90
FIGURE 15 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SHAPE OF OBJECTS) REPORTED WITH
EVALUATION DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH SHAPE GROUP
A-7493
100

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 395, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
100-
Astronomical
Aircraft
Balloon Insuf, info.
‹Other'.
- Unknown
90-
80-
70-
60 -
Speed
not-stated
37.8%
50-
40-
Over
400mph
24.9%
30-
1100-400
mph
10.9%
O- Less tha
00 mpt
8.2%
10-
Stationary
13.7%
0-1
Speed
10
20
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
Evaluation in Per Cent
FIGURE 16 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY REPORTED SPEED OF OBJECTS) WITH
EVALUATION DISTRIBUTION FOR EACH SPEED GROUP
A-7484
100

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 345, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
100-
No. of allsighting
3201
Location
not
stated
117
205
164
306
160
2018
---
gs
,70-
60-
50-
at 40-
· 30-
~ 20-
10-
Outdoors
Other
In bidg.
In plane
In car
All yeors
1947
1948
1949
1950
1951
1952
FIGURE 17 DISTRIBUTION OF ALL SIGHTINGS BY OBSERVER LOCATION FOR ALL YEARS AND
EACH YEAR
A - 74, 95
-100
-90
-80
-70
-60
-50
-40
- 30
- 20
- 10
- 0

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 28, "chars": 228, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
TotalLess Unknown Unknown
Per Cent Per Cent

30 25 20 iS 10 5 10 15 20 25 30

O
©)
On

White

Metallic

Not stated

ve

Orange
Red

Other

FIGURE 18 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY COLOR,1I947-1952
: A-7496

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 263, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Total Less Unknown Unknown
Per Cent Per Cent
80 70 60 50 40 30 20 10 OO O 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80

One

Two

Three

S€

ten
Eleven

more

Not stated

FIGURE 19 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY NUMBER OF
OBJECTS PER SIGHTING, 1947-1952

A- 7497

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 288, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Total Less Unknown Unknown
Per Cent : Per Cent

40 35 30 25 20 !5 10 £=§5 5 i110 !§ 20 25 30 35 40

O
O

Stationary

Less than
100 mph

100 to 400
mph

9¢€

More than
400 mph

Meteor-like

Not stated

FIGURE 20 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SPEED, 1947-1952

A-7498

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 327, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Total Less Unknown Unknown

Per Cent | Per Cent
30 25 20 !15 10 = §

e)
O
on
O
a
m
)
Nm
on
Gi
O

5 seconds
or less

6-0
seconds

11-30
seconds

31-60
seconds

6/1 seconds
5 minutes

d¢

6-30
minutes

More than
30 minutes

Not stated

FIGURE 21 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY DURATION , 1947-1952

A- 7499

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 34, "chars": 295, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Total Less Unknown
Per Cent
_ 50 45 40 35 30 25 201510§0
Unknown
Per Cent
10
15 20 25 30 35 40 45
50
Elliptical
Rocket
and
aircraft
Meteor or
comet
_enticular
onical ot
teardrop
Flame
Other shapes
Not stated
FIGURE 22 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SHAPE, 1947-1952
A -7500

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 305, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
60.
Total Less Unknown
Per Cent
50
40
30 20
10
20
Unknown
Per Cent
30
40
50
60
Sunlight on
mirror or
aluminum
Sunlight on
plaster,
stone or soil _J
Brighter
than moon
Like moon
Duller
than moon
Not stated
FIGURE 23 COMPARISON OF KNOWN AND UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY LIGHT BRIGHT NESS,
1947 - 1952
A-7501

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 399, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Total Less Astronomical Astronomical

Per Cent Per Cent
40 30 20 LO O O 10 20 30 40
| | January ||
|| February | |
| march |]
r | April ||

pf Moy
Lf} une |
wy
po August fe
| «| September
| | October | |
| | November |. |

| | December | |

OV

FIGURE 24 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS
ASTRONOMICAL VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS ASTRONOMICAL

A-7502

a _.

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 385, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Total Less Aircraft Aircraft

Per Cent ‘Per Cent
40 30 20 fe) 0 0 1\O 20 30 40
| | January | -
| | February | | ;
T-1]) march [|
Pf April fo
| | Moy [Te
. | | dune
- ty

[S*dCAgust  [
po September P|
_ October pS
| November po
| | December | |

FIGURE 25 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS
AIRCRAFT VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS AIRCRAFT

A-7503

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 387, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Total Less Balloon Balloon

Per Cent Per Cent
40 30 20 10 O O fe) 20 30 40
| | January |)
| | February |
| | March | |
_ | Aprit

| [| May P|
nS
pe t—“‘;‘s;SCé*sY:CCAgsst |
|_| September} |
| | October | | |
| | November | | °
| | December | |

ov

FIGURE 26 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED
AS BALLOON VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS BALLOON

A-7504

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 451, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Total Less Insufficient Information insufficient Information
Per Cent Per Cent
40 30 20 fe) O O 10 20 — 30 40
| | January | |
| | February |
|| March |
|) Aprit = Es

| Moy |
| lune Sf,

2 |
Gl
tty
FFF aust FO
| | September |
| | October [|
| | November | |
|__| December | __
FIGURE 27 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS
INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS INSUFFI-
CIENT INFORMATION
A-7505
—

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 362, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Total Less Other Other

Per Cent Per Cent
40 30 20 10 O O 10 20 30 40
| | January | |
| | February ||
| | March | |

Fe] April OL
a ee
a ee
COSY ty GF
august
} | September | |
| | October |.
[| November | |
| | December | |

vy

FIGURE 28 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS
OTHER VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS OTHER

A-7506

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 362, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Total Less Unknown Unknown
Per Cent Per Cent
40 30 20 iO O O lO 20 30 40
| | January |
a February i
|} March | |
[| Apri
|} May [|

pe June P|
ty
gust
| | September| ©
| | October [| |
| | November | |

| | December | |

SY

FIGURE 29 COMPARISON OF MONTHLY DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EVALUATED AS
UNKNOWN VERSUS TOTAL OBJECT SIGHTINGS LESS UNKNOWN

A-7507

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 383, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Total
Per Cent
Unknown
Knowns
Per Cent
80 5 89
Unknown
Astro
Per Cent
Unknown
Aircraft
Per Cent
Unknown
Balloon
Per Cent
Unknown
Other
Per Cent
Unknown
20
Number of
objects
Not sared
Color
Speed
Shape
Duration
FIGURE 30 CHARACTERISTICS PROFILES OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY
TOTAL SAMPLE, KNOWN EVALUATIONS, AND INDIVIDUAL KNOWN
EVALUATIONS, WITH UNKNOWN EVALUATIONS SUPERIMPOSED
B-7508
46

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 59, "chars": 456, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CANADA
• d a
avo
35°
113-
34?1
315
BOSCREM
45773.
НИХ ВОВНІЙ
113
осос
Nwe
TAN
Newo
-NW
24yz
ANN
weno
- 300
650 EAST OF MAINE
60°
MIE!
100
250 C
KEY: IN EACH SUBDIVISION THE TOP FIGURE
INDICATES THE FREQUENCY OF ALL
SIGHTINGS, THE MIDDLE FIGURE UNIT
SIGHTINGS, AND THE BOTTOM FIGURE
OBJECT SIGHTINGS
105°
100°
FIGURE 31 FREQUENCY OF OBJECT, UNIT, AND ALL SIGHTINGS WITHIN THE UNITED STATES 1947-1952, BY SUBDIVISIONS
OF ONE DEGREE OF LATITUDE AND LongItude

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 137, "chars": 1555, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
130°
NORTH FARWEST
95-100%
45°
CENTRAL FARWEST
131 - 100%
00
40°
35°%
30°
25°
SOUTH FARWEST
103 - 100%
UNKNOWN
ASTRO
\ 14.0%
14.6%
OTHER
18.5%
AIRCRAFT
18.4%
/ BALLOON
26.2%
125°
120°
115°
110°
105°
100°
90°
80°
ACTOr
UNKNOWN
18.9%
221%
OTHER
TNSUF.
NEBALLOON
16.8%
ARCRAFT
22.1%
"UNKNOWN
1115%
ASTRO
15.3%.
OTHER
19.2%
TNSUF.
INFO.
115%
/ BALLOON
19.2%
AIRCRAFT
23.0%.
NORTH WEST
26-100%
ASTRO
UNKNOWN 13.0%
16.8%
_6,9%
INSUF.
INFO.
16.9%
BALLOON
19.1%
AIRCRAFT
27.5%
UNKNOWN
25.4%
ASTRO
33.9%
OTHER
15.3%
INSUF.
AIR-
/ INFO.
CRAFT
8.5% 6.3%))
110.23
CENTRAL WEST
59-100%
UNKNOWN
29.19
238%
OTHER
7.19
6.3%
AIRCRAFT
INFO.
BALLOON
18.8%
14.8%
SOUTH WEST
223=100%
MEXICO
115°
110°
105°
95°
CANADA
ASTRO
UNKNOWN
29.0%
13.79
AIRCRAFT
14.6%
, OTHER
9.6%/ INSUF.
¡BALLOON
INFO.
16.1%
12.9%
NORTH MIDWEST
62 = 100%
UNKNOWN:
ASTRO
15.2%
20.6%
NTUCT
12 89
INSUF.
AIRCRAFT
20.6%
INFO.
15.2%
/BALLOON
15.5%
CENTRAL MIDWEST
374 - 100%
UNKNOWN
18.9%.
OTHER-
ASTRO
28.1%
NSUF.
NFO. LY BALLOON
13.6%
AIRCRAFT
23.3%
UNKNOWN
216%
ASTRO
18.9%
UNKNOWN
17.0%.
OTHER
10,0%
9.7%
ASTRO
17.0%
ARCRAFT
28.5%
OTHER
8.1%
/INSUF
NFO.
216%
(BALLOON'
INSUF.
INFO.
BALLOON
- NORTH EAST
37 - 100%
SOUTH MIDWEST
391 - 100%
CENTRAL EAST
393 = 100%
SOUTH EAST
22=100%
UNKNOWN
18.2%
OTHER
18.2%
ASTROR
22.7%
AIRCRAFT
27.2%6
INSUF. 9.1% 1,506
INFO.
BALLOON
FIGURE 32 DISTRIBUTION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY EYALUATION FOR THE TWELVE REGIONAL
AREAS OF THE UNITED STATES, WITH THE STRATEGIC AREAS LOCATED (STRATEGIC
AREAS WERE DETERMINED ON THE BASIS OF CONCENTRATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS)
30°
45°

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 632, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
80
7\5
6 5
-43
43
Insuf.
info
1.6%
Unknown
11.5%
Other
9.8%
Balloon
21.3%
Astro
26.2%
Aircraft
29.5%
New Crork,
1de object sightings
Unknown
10.5%
Other
12.3%
Insuf. info.
16.2%
Balloon
14.3%
Astro
16.2%
Aircraft
30.5%
Unknown
Astro
14.8%
18.5%
Other
14.9%
Insuf.
info
12.3%
Balloon
17.3%
Aircraft
22.2%
Balance of Central East
Region
81 object sightings
61 object sightings
Horrisburg
Washington
146 object sightinge
Unknown
26.7%
Other
5.5% Insuf,
info.
6.8% Balloon
15.8%
Astro
15.1 %
Aircraft
30.1%
-36
36
80
7/5
65
FIGURE 33 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF THE
CENTRAL EAST REGION
B-7511

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 51, "chars": 509, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
100
95
Chicogo
66 object sighings
Unknown
13.6%
Astro
16,7%
Other
6.7%%
Insuf. info.
15.2%
Alrcraft
27.3%
/Balloon
10.6%
Dayion
144 object sightings
Unknown
20.7%
Astro
20.8%
Other
11.4%
Aircraft
13.4%
Insuf. info. Balloon
\16.5%
17.0%
Balance of Centrol
Midwest
Region
164 object sightings
Unknown
9.7%
Other
12.6%
Insuf. info.
13,9%
Balloon
16.0%
Astro
22.2%
Aircraft
25.7%
-36
10'0
95
90
80
FIGURE 34 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF
THE CENTRAL MIDWEST REGION
B-7512

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 420, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12/5
12/0
11/5
*43
known Astro
\6.6
11.6%
Other
%
19.4%
Aircraft
23.6%
Insuf. info.
16.1%
-43-
Balloon
22.6%
San Francisco
93 object sightings
12/5
136
Unknown
10.5%
Other
7.8%
Astro
15.8%
Insuf. info.
18.4%
Aircraft
36.9 %
Balloon
10.6%
Balance of Central
Farwest Region
38 object sightings
-36-
12/0
FIGURE 35 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS
IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF THE CENTRAL FARWEST REGION
8-7513
51

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 58, "chars": 569, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
100
know
Balloon
9.8%
Aircraft
12.2%
Astro
56.1%
Atlonto
63 object sightings
B2 object sightings
Waco
Unknown
14.3%
0.0%
- insuf. info.
11.1%
Astro
25.4%
Balloon
20.6%
Aircraft
20.6% /
San Antonio
36 object sightings
Unknown
22.2%%
ATTO
27.8%
Other
8.4%
* Balloon/
Insuf. info. 11.2%
,2.8%
Aircraft
27.8%
Unknown
24.3%
Astro
18.1%
Other
5.8%
Insuf.
info.
10.0% Balloon
13.3%
Aircraft
27.7%
Balance of South
Midwest Region
210 object sightings
190
95
90
85
FIGURE 36 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS
OF THE SOUTH MIDWEST REGION
B-75|4

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 389, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "clean-vision"}
11/5
11/0
105
100
-36
Jnknowi
25.6 %
Other
18.0%
Insut
Astro
18.4%
Aircraft
20.8%
98 object sightings
Albuquerque
-36.
Balloon
20.0%
Balance of South
West
Region
125 object sightings
Unknown
21.4%
Other
.1%
nsuf. inf
15.1%
Balloon/
3.2%Aircratt
16.4%
Astro
42.9%
15
1/0
10/5
100
FIGURE 37 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF
THE SOUTH WEST REGION
A-7515

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 42, "chars": 398, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12/5
12/0
11/5
36
Unknown
5.3%
Other
36.9%
Astro
21.1%
Aircraft
15.8%
Balloon
15.8%
-36-
84 object sightings
Insuf.
info. 5.3%
Balance of South
Farwest Region
19 object sightings
_os Angeles
Unknown
16.7%
Other
14.3%
- Insuf.,
info.
83%
Astro
13.1%
Aircrof
19.0%
Bolloon
28.5%
12/0
FIGURE 38 COMPARISON OF EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN
THE STRATEGIC AREAS OF THE SOUTH FARWEST REGION
B-7516
54

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2371, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This information consisted of:
(1) Time and date of observation in Greenwich Civil Time
(2) Latitude and longitude of the observer at the time of
observation.
Figure 39 shows a celestial sphere on which Z represents the ob-
server's zenith, s represents the
pole.
sun, and N represents the north celestial
Using the date and time of the observation, the longitude and declina-
tion (S) of the sun were obtained from an ephemeris of the sun and corrected
for the equation of time. The difference between the longitudes of the sun
and the observer was taken, and called the hour angle (HA on Figure 39).
Then, using the declination of the sun (S), the latitude of the observer
(lat), and the hour angle (HA), the angle (ZS) between the observer's zenith
and the sun can be calculated from the law of cosines of spherical trigo-
nometry. Thus, cos ZS = cos (90 - lat) cos (90 - S) + sin (90 - lat) sin
(90 - S) cos (HA).
Since the angle ZS is measured from the observer's zenith, the angle
of elevation of the sun above the horizon for daytime sightings was found by
taking 90 - ZS. When the sun was below the horizon, the angle of depres-
sion of the sun below the horizon was found by taking ZS - 90.
Having found the angle ZS, the bearing of the sun (angle B) was ob-
tained from the formula:
sin (B)
sin (HA)
sin (90 - S) "
sin (ZS)
All of the above calculations were made with IBM equipment. Sines,
cosines, and their inverses were obtained from a deck of 9,000 IBM cards
on which seven-place Peter's tables of the sines, cosines, and tangents of
angles had been punched for each 0.01 of a degree from 0 to 90 degrees.
Upon completion of these calculations, the cards representing OBJECT
SIGHTINGS were sorted on the sign of the sine of the bearing angle.
This
separated the cards into two groups: (1) sightings which occurred between
noon and midnight, for which the sine of the bearing angle was positive; and
(2) sightings between midnight and noon, for which the sine of the bearing
angle was negative. Then each of these groups was sorted into groups for
intervals of 10° in angle of elevation of the sun from - 90° to +90°. A count
was made of the number of cards in each group and from this a histogram
was constructed (Figure 40). The UNKNOWN OBJECT SIGHTINGS were
then sorted out, counted in the same manner, and a histogram was made
(again see Figure 40).
55

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 8, "chars": 91, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Z
22190
B
90-8
Equator
Earth
• Horizon
FIGURE 39 DIAGRAM OF A CELESTIAL SPHERE
A - 7935
56

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 37, "chars": 346, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
19
Number
of Object Sightings
300г
275-
250-
225-
200-
175-
150-
125-
100-
75-
50-
25-
-90
Sun set
All object sightings —
Unknown object sightings
Suni rise
- 60
-30
O
+30
+60
+90
+60
+30
-30
-60
Angle of Elevation of The Sun
FIGURE 40 FREQUENCY OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY ANGLE OF ELEVATION OF THE SUN, INTERVALS
OF 10 DEGREES OF ANGLE
A -9536
- 90

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2174, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The following points should be carefully noted about these histograms:
(1) The negligible number of sightings when the sun is within
10° of the zenith and nadir (angle of elevation of the sun =
190° of the observer is due to the fact that the southern-
most latitude of the U. S. is greater than the declination
of the sun at the summer solstice, so that it would be im-
possible for the sun to reach the zenith or nadir of any
observer in the U. S. (where most of the sightings were
made).
(2) The time of day at which a particular angle of elevation
of the sun occurs does not remain fixed but varies from
day to day. Consider, for example, the variation in
sunrise and sunset times over the course of a year.
Thus, there are only two inferences to be made from this histogram:
(1) the high peak of sightings soon after sunset, and (2) the lack of increase
in the UNKNOWNS relative to the KNOWNS near either sunset or sunrise.
This would seem to discount the possibility that atmospheric phenomena
such as mock suns were the primary cause of the unknown reports, since
such phenomena usually occur when the sun is near the horizon.
The Local Sun Time was computed as a step in the calculation of the
angle of elevation of the sun, It is related to the hour angle by the equation:
Local Sun Time (L. S. I.) = HA/15 + 12.00, where L.S. T. is in hours and
HA in degrees.
The cards were grouped on the basis of L.S. T. in intervals of one
hour, and the number of cards in each interval was counted. Again the
UNKNOWNS were sorted out and similarly treated. Histograms were con-
structed with the results of these tabulations of OBJECT SIGHTINGS
(Figure 41). Here, again, there is a peak in the early evening hours.
The cards were then broken up into seven groups on the basis of the
angle of elevation of the sun, as follows:
Group 1 - Daylight sightings for which the sun was more than
10° above the horizon.
Group 2 - Sunset sightings for which the sun was between 0°
and 10° above the horizon.
Group 3 - Sunset sightings for which the sun was between 0°
and 10° below the horizon.
Group 4 - Evening sightings for which the sun was between
10° and 40° below the horizon.
58

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 50, "chars": 375, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
6S
Number of Object Sightings

300
275
250
225
200
175
125 Noon )
{ t
mere) All object sightings
75 Unknown object sightings )
50 ort
CT Pee
| IEC
25 } TH TT eer
TT Tee ——— TT bee PT
0 REECE Ea EEE EPO EEE EEE EEE EE
O 0300 0600 0900 1200 1500 1800 2100 2400

Local Sun Time
FIGURE 41 FREQUENCY OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY LOCAL SUN TIME, INTERVALS OF ONE HOUR

A-7537

‘Midnight

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1681, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Group 5 - Night sightings for which the sun was more than 10°
below the horizon and which were not included in
Group 4.
Group 6 - Sunrise sightings for which the sun was between 0°
and 10° below the horizon.
Group 1 - Sunrise sightings for which the sun was between 0°
and 10° above the horizon.
These group numbers were punched on the cards and incorporated
into the coding system. The number of OBJECT SIGHTINGS in each group
for each identification was then tabulated and is given in Table I.
Identification
Balloon
Astronomical
Aircraft
Light phenomena
Insufficient information
UNKNOWN
Other
Total
TABLE I OBJECT SIGHTINGS
156
52
187
8
72
134
64
673
Angle of Elevation Group
3
4
5
17
6
23
2
12
14
8
82
28
43
49
4
26
25
12
187
83
236
144
25
76
150
50
764
40
118
60
7
28
86
36
375
6
7
ONON
6
3
25
24
According to this table, a large majority of the KNOWN OBJECT
SIGHTINGS in Group 1 (343 out of 467) were either aircraft or balloons. In
Groups 4 and 5 combined, a large majority (681 out of 899) were either
balloons, aircraft, or astronomical. Accordingly, a re-evaluation of the
UNKNOWNS in these three groups was planned with the objective of deter-
mining which of the UNKNOWNS in Group 1 might possibly be aircraft or
balloons and which of the UNKNOWNS in Groups 4 and 5 might possibly be
balloons, aircraft, or astronomical objects. More will be said of this
project later.
Statistical Chi Square Test
In the meantime, mirror graphs had been constructed from the fre-
quency tabulations which seemed to show that, when the KNOWNS (total less
UNKNOWNS) and the UNKNOWNS were grouped according to one of six
characteristics, the percentage of KNOWNS and the percentage of
60

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2418, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNKNOWNS in each characteristic group showed the same general trend.
In other words, on the basis of these graphs, it looked as though there was
a good possibility that the UNKNOWNS were
no different from the KNOWNS,
at least in the aggregate.
It was decided to investigate this by the use of a
statistical procedure called the "Chi Square Test".
The Chi Square Test is a statistical test of the likelihood that two
distributions come from the same population, that is, it gives the proba-
bility that there is no difference in the make-up of the two distributions
being measured.
The method is outlined as follows:
(1) Adjust the distributions by multiplying the KNOWNS in each
characteristic group by the ratio of the total number of
UNKNOWNS to the total number of KNOWNS. (The Chi
Square Test is applicable only to distributions which have
the same total number of elements.)
(2) Take the difference between the number of UNKNOWNS and
the adjusted number of KNOWNS in each characteristic
group.
(3) Square the remainder from Step 2.
(4) Divide the result of Step 3 by the corresponding number of
adjusted KNOWNS.
This is the chi square for the particular group. Summing the indi-
vidual chi squares over the groups of a characteristic gives the chi square
for that characteristic. This number is then compared with a table of the
distribution of chi square which can be found in many texts on elementary
statistics.
It will be noted that chi square is tabulated in terms of degrees of
freedom which in this case is one less than the number of groups of sight-
ings for each characteristic.
The tabulations of KNOWNS and UNKNOWNS against the six char-
acteristics and the Chi Square Test as it was applied are shown in Tables
Il through VII. In each case, the number of degrees of freedom is given,
as is the value of chi squares corresponding to probabilities of 5 per cent
and 1 per cent that two distributions with this number of degrees of freedom
come from the same population. Since the greater the value of chi square
the smaller the probability of homogeneity of two distributions, a calculated
value of chi square greater than either the 5 per cent or 1 per cent values
will indicate a probability less than 5 per cent or 1 per cent, respectively,
that the two distributions are homogeneous. The term homogeneity is used
here to indicate that two distributions could have come from the same
population.
61

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 40, "chars": 422, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Color
White
Metallic
Not stated
Orange
Red
Yellow
Green
Blue
Other
Total
TABLE II
CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS
UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF COLOR
Number of
KNOWNS
405
313
209
172
146
128
130
67
195
1765
Adjusted
Number of
KNOWNS (K)
Number of
UNKNOWNS (n)
100
77
51
42
36
31
32
17
48
434
112
76
62
49
33
31
14
26
31
434
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
X2,
(KS-n) 2
K
1.44
0.01
2.37
1.17
0.25
10.13
4.76
6.02
26.15
8
15.5
20.1
62

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 39, "chars": 359, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "clean-vision"}
TABLE III
Number of
Objects Per
Sighting
1
2
3-10
11 or more
Not stated
Total
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
Number of
KNOWNS
1339
159
185
41
41
1765
CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS
UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF NUMBER
Adjusted
Number of
KNOWNS (K)
Number of
UNKNOWNS (n)
329
39
46
10
10
434
297
37
70
25
5
434
x',
(K-n)2
K
3.11
0.10
12.52
22.50
2.50
40.73
9.5
13.3
63

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 437, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Shape
Elliptical
Rocket and aircraft
Meteor or comet
Teardrop, lenticular,
or conical
Flame
Other
Not stated
Total
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
TABLE IV
CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS
UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF SHAPE
Number of
KNOWNS
Adjusted
Number of
Number of
KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS (n)
838
80
55
103
206
20
14
25
195
33
4
22
96
193
400
1765
24
47
98
-
434
10
54
116
434
x',.
(K-n)?
K
0.59
8.45
7.14
0.36
8.17
1.04
3.30
29.05
6
12.6
16.8
64

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 468, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE V CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS
ON THE BASIS OF DURATION OF OBSERVATION
Duration of
Observation
5 sec or less
6-10 sec
11-30 sec
31-60 sec
61 sec -5 min
6-30 min
Over 30 min
Not stated
Total
Number of
KNOWNS
Adjusted
Number of
KNOWNS (K)
259
92
153
108
269
305
135
444
-
1765
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
Number of
UNKNOWNS (n)
64
23
38
26
66
75
33
109
434
27
21
33
42
99
71
37
104
434
x2,
(К -п)?
21.39
0.67
9.85
16.50
0.21
0.48
0.23
49.49
14.1
18.5
65

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 395, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Speed
Stationary
Less than 100 mph
100 to 400 mph
Over 400 mph
Meteor-like
Not stated
Total
TABLE VI CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS
UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF SPEED
Number of
KNOWNS
Adjusted
Number of
KNOWNS (K)
Number of
UNKNOWNS (n)
249
154
181
403
83
695
1765
61
38
45
99
20
171
434
53
26
58
145
16
136
434
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
x2
(R-n)?
K
1.05
3.79
3.76
21.37
0.80
7.16
37.93
5
15. 1
66

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 476, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE VII CHI SQUARE TEST OF KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS
ON THE BASIS OF LIGHT BRIGHTNESS
Adjusted
Number of
Number of
Number of
KNOWNS
KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS (n)
47
151
76
11
37
19
273
68
67
17
283
1150
1765
434
14
28
16
61
22
293
434
Light Brightness
Sunlight on mirror
Sunlight on aluminum
Sunlight on plaster,
stone, or soil
Brighter than moon
Like moon or duller
than moon
Not stated
Total
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
x',
(K -n)?
K
0.82
2.19
0.47
0.55
1.47
0.35
5.85
5
11.1
15.1
67

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 1964, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In five of the six cases, the probability is less than 1 per cent that
the distributions are the same. In the sixth case, Light Brightness, the
classifications are too nebulous to be of real value. However, these tests
do not necessarily mean that the UNKNOWNS are primarily "flying saucers"
and not aircraft, balloons, or other known objects or natural phenomena.
The UNKNOWNS might still be unidentified KNOWNS if either of the follow-
ing cases occurred:
22223
(1) The characteristics which were observed for the UNKNOWNS
were different from those observed for the KNOWNS because
of the psychological make-up of the observer or because of
atmospheric distortion. This assumes the distribution of
objects in KNOWNS and UNKNOWNS is the same.
(2) The UNKNOWNS may be known objects in different propor-
tions than the group identified as KNOWNS. (That is, a
eater percentage of the UNKNOWNS could be aircra
an the percentage of aircraft in the identified KNOWNS
The second case is the more probable one. In this connection, it is
interesting to note the factors which contributed to a large chi square
result in the tests made above:
(1) Color
The major contribution to chi square in color is from the
color green. There is a large excess of green sightings
among the KNOWNS over the UNKNOWNS. Of the 130
known objects in this classification, 98 are astronomical,
and are due mostly to the green fireballs reported from
the Southwest U. S.
(2) Number
The large chi square is due to a greater proportion of
UNKNOWNS in the multiple object classification. Apparently
these are harder to identify.
(3) Shape
In this case, there is a higher percentage of UNKNOWNS
in the rocket-aircraft-shape classification. These might
be familiar objects for which unusual maneuvers were
reported.
There is a higher percentage of KNOWNS in the flame
and in the meteor- or comet-shape category, which in
both cases appears to result mainly from excesses of
astronomical sightings.
68

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2156, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(4) Duration of observation
Here there is an excess of KNOWNS in the less-than-
5-second group. Again, the majority of KNOWNS in
this group are astronomical. The greater proportion
of UNKNOWNS in the 31- to 60-second and 61-second
to 5-minute groups cannot be explained.
(5) Speed
The major contribution to chi square for this char-
acteristic is due to a large excess of UNKNOWNS in
the over 400-mph class.
It can be assumed that some
of the excessive speeds
are inaccuracies in estimates
by observers. However, some radar sightings, which
are practically impossible to identify, show objects
with speeds of 1,000 to 2,000 mph and over, and these
reports account for a number of these UNKNOWNS.
(6) Light brightness
Since this chi square was not significant, it is not
necessary to discuss it here.
An examination of these discrepancies thus brings up a very interest-
ing point. In every case for which there is a significant excess of KNOWNS
over UNKNOWNS, the excess can be attributed to an excess of identifiable
astronomical phenomena. This would seem to lead to the conclusion that
astronomical phenomena are easy to identify and there are very few left in
the UNKNOWNS. Accordingly, the astronomical object sightings were
deleted from the KNOWN object sightings and the Chi Square Test was again
applied. The results are shown in Tables VIII through XIII, where in this
case the KNOWNS do not contain astronomical sightings.
It will be noted that some groups were combined when the adjusted
number of KNOWNS was ten or less, except for the case for which the
number of objects per sighting was the characteristic studied. These were
borderline cases, and no good combination of groups existed.
It is apparent that the deletion of astronomical sightings gives a better
fit, although the decision is not clear cut, since for two cases (light bright-
ness and speed), the chi square increased. However, it can again be pointed
out that the reporting of these two characteristics is highly subjective and is
open to question. The estimation of speed is especially open to question
because of the impossibility of accurately determining it visually.
69

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 41, "chars": 414, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Color
• White
Metallic
Not stated
Orange
Red
Yellow
Green
Blue
Other
Total
TABLE VIII
CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS
UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF COLOR
Number of
KNOWNS
Adjusted
Number of
KNOWNS (K)
Number of
UNKNOWNS (n)
281
298
189
117
92
90
32
29
158
95
101
64
39
31
30
11
10
53
112
76
62
49
33
31
14
1286
434
434
x2
(K-n)2
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
3.04
6.19
0.06
2.56
0.13
0.03
0.82
0.57
13.40
7
14.5
70

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 39, "chars": 367, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Number of
Objects Per
Sighting
1
2
3-10
11 or more
Not stated
Total
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
TABLE IX
CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS
UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF NUMBER
Number of
KNOWNS
913
142
168
34
29
1286
Adjusted
Number of
KNOWNS (K)
308
48
57
11
10
-
434
Number of
UNKNOWNS (n)
297
37
70
25
5
434
x2
(K-n)?
K
0.39
2.52
2.96
15.36
2.50
23.73
4
9.5
13.3
71

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 45, "chars": 430, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE X
CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS
UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF SHAPE
Number of
KNOWNS
Shape
Elliptical
Rocket or aircraft
Meteor or comet
Flame
Teardrop, lenticular,
or conical
Other
Not stated
Total
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
Adjusted
Number of
Number of
KNOWNS (K) UNKNOWNS (n)
195
33
x2,
(K-n)?
K
632
72
9
47
79
151
296
1286
213
24
3
16
27
51
100
-
434
22
54
116
434
1.52
3.37
1.32
0.93
1.76
2.56
11.46
5
11.1
15.1
72

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 49, "chars": 482, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE XI CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS UNKNOWNS
ON THE BASIS OF DURATION OF OBSERVATION
Duration of
Observation
5 sec or less
6-10 sec
11-30 sec
31-60 sec
61 sec -5 min
6 min- 30 min
Over 30 min
Not stated
Total
Number of
KNOWNS
Adjusted
Number of
KNOWNS (K)
Number of
UNKNOWNS (n)
x2
(K-n)?
K
92
47
118
92
252
259
91
335
1286
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
31
16
40
31
85
87
31
113
434
27
21
33
42
99
71
37
104
434
0.52
1.56
1.23
3.90
2.31
2.94
1.16
0.72
14.34
7
14.1
18.5
73

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 396, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE XII CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS
UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF SPEED
Speed
Stationary
Less than 100 mph
100 to 400 mph
Over 400 mph
Meteor-like
Not stated
Total
Number of
KNOWNS
Adjusted
Number of
KNOWNS (K)
Number of
UNKNOWNS (n)
196
128
156
291
24
491
1286
66
43
53
98
8
166
53
26
58
116}
136
434
434
x',
K-n)
K
2.56
6.72
0.47
28.54
5.42
43.71
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
9.5
13.3
74

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 57, "chars": 468, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE XIII
CHI SQUARE TEST OF REVISED KNOWNS VERSUS
UNKNOWNS ON THE BASIS OF LIGHT BRIGHTNESS
Light Brightness
Adjusted
Number of
Number of
KNOWNS (K)
UNKNOWNS (n)
x',
(K-n)2
K
Sunlight on mirror
Sunlight on aluminum
Sunlight on plaster,
stone, or soil
Brighter than moon
Like moon or duller
than moon
Not stated
Total
Degrees of freedom
5%
1%
Number of
KNOWNS
24
136
63
143
42
878
1286
8
46
48
15
296
434
16
61
22
293
434
2.67
1.19
3.52
3.27
0.03
10.68
4
9.5
13.3
75

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 400, "chars": 2591, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Another interesting aspect of these new tests is that there are only
two large discrepancies in all of the groups. These are for the l1 or more
groups in the classification by number of objects per sighting and for the
over-400-mph and meteor-like group for the classification by speed. The
first was relatively unchanged by deletion of the astronomical sightings
principally because of the concentration of sightings in the single-object
category.
The second was slightly increased by the removal of the astro-
nomical sightings from the meteor-like classification. However, the main
discrepancy, that of the excess of UNKNOWNS in the over-400-mph class,
was little changed.
The results of these tests are inconclusive since they neither confirm
nor deny
• that the UNKNOWNS are primarily unidentified KNOWNS, although
they do indicate that relatively few of the UNKNOWNS are actually astro-
nomical phenomena.
It was decided that this process would not be carried to its logical
conclusion (that is, the determination of a linear combination of KNOWNS
that would give a negligible chi square when compared with the UNKNOWNS),
since it was felt that the inaccuracies in the reports would give a distorted
and meaningless result.
The "Flying Saucer" Model
The importance of the problem dictated a second approach, should the
statistical results prove inconclusive. It was decided that an attempt
would be made to describe the physical appearance, flight characteristics,
and other attributes (that is, construct a model) of a class or classes of
"flying saucers".
Preparatory to this attempt,
a re-evaluation of the UNKNOWNS was
necessary. This re-evaluation was accomplished by a panel composed only
of persons previously associated with the work. Using all the UNKNOWNS
reports available at ATIC, the panel made a careful study of the reports for
the UNKNOWN SIGHTINGS in angle-of-sun-elevation Groups 1, 2, 3, 6, and
7 - those groups for which the sun was either above the horizon or less than
10° in elevation below the horizon.
This study had two purposes. The first was to determine, with
additional information such as the angle of elevation of the sun, how many
of the UNKNOWNS might be ascribed to known phenomena. The second was
to obtain those UNKNOWNS which were described in sufficient detail that
they might be used to construct a model or models of "flying saucers".
It was decided to put any of the UNKNOWNS which might be known
phenomena into a "possible KNOWN" category to denote the slightly lower
confidence level which
could be ascribed to these new evaluations. The
76

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 468, "chars": 2988, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNKNOWNS with sufficiently detailed description would be called "good
UNKNOWNS", while the remainder would simply be called UNKNOWNS.
One hundred sixty-four folders of a total of 186 OBJECT SIGHTINGS in
Groups 1, 2, 3, 6, and 7 were examined. There were 18 possible aircraft,
20 possible balloons, 7 good UNKNOWNS, 100 UNKNOWNS, and 19 others
which were identified as being possible KNOWNS of various types. It is
interesting to note that two of these were established as mock suns on the
basis of the angle of sun elevation and the sun bearing angle, together with
the direction of the object from the observer. In addition, the UNKNOWNS
in angle-of-sun-elevation Groups 4 and 5 (nighttime sightings) were scanned
with no attempt at identification, but to find any possible "good UNKNOWNS".
There were five sightings that could be put into this category.
Of the UNKNOWNS, there were approximately 20 sightings that were
observed in such a way that they should have been recognized easily if they
had been familiar objects, that is, there was little possibility that their
shapes, as seen, could have been distorted sufficiently by one cause or
another to render them unrecognizable. There were a very few that would
have been identified as guided missiles or rockets, but that were not so
identified because of the geographical location in which they were seen.
All of the remaining UNKNOWNS were classified as such solely be-
cause they were reported to have performed maneuvers that could not be
ascribed to any known objects. In these cases, the shape might have been
unrecognizable also, but it was felt that this was because of distortion and
distance, or because of darkness.
This is a very important point. To put it differently, if these
UNKNOWNS, which represent all but about 40 of the UNKNOWN SIGHTINGS,
were reported to have performed maneuvers which could be ascribed to
known phenomena, they would probably have been identified as KNOWNS.
With the exception of some radar sightings, all of these maneuvers were
observed visually. The possibilities for inaccuracies are great because
of the inability of an observer to estimate visually size, distance, and
speed.
Reports of sightings by radar usually were of high-speed objects,
some at extremely high altitudes. Some were identified as UNKNOWNS
because there was no object to be seen visually at the point indicated by the
radar set. It cannot be said with any assurance what these radar sightings
mean, but the most logical explanation is that they are ground targets re-
flected by an atmospheric temperature inversion layer. The validity of this
statement cannot be established. It is felt that radar sightings in this study
are of no significance whatsoever unless a visual sighting of the object also
is made.
Taken
in conjunction with the Chi Square Tests discussed earlier,
the results of the re-evaluation of reports identified as UNKNOWN
SIGHTINGS would seem to indicate that the majority of them could easily
77

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 208, "chars": 1294, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
have been familiar objects. However, the resolution of this question with
any degree of certainty appears to be impossible.
Ihus, out of the 434 OBJECT SIGHTINGS that were identified as.
UNKNOWNS by the data reduction process, there were only 12 that were
described with sufficient detail that they could be used in an attempt to
derive a model of a "flying saucer"
• The following is a summary of the 12
good UNKNOWN SIGHTINGS:
Case I (Serial 0573.00)
Iwo men employed by a rug-cleaning firm were driving across a
bridge at 0955 hours on July 29, 1948, when they saw an object glide across
the road a few hundred feet in front of them. It was shiny and metallic in
construction, about 6 to 8 feet long and 2 feet wide. It was in a flat glide
path at an altitude of about 30 feet and in a moderate turn to the left. It was
seen for only a few seconds and apparently went down in a wooded area,
although no trace of it was found.
6' to 8'
1-1/2'× 2'
-These are round cups which protrude
Case II (Serial 4508. 00)
A naval aviation student, his wife, and several others were at a
drive-in movie from 2115 to 2240 hours on April 20, 1952, during which
time they saw several groups of objects fly over. There were from two to
nine objects in
a group and there were about 20 groups. The groups of
78

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 1349, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
objects flew in
a straight line except for some changes in direction
accomplished in a manner like any standard aircraft turn.
The objects were shaped like conventional aircraft. The unaccount-
able feature of the objects was that each had a red glow surrounding it and
was glowing itself, although it was a cloudless night.
•Light glow
Fuzzy area
Case III (Serial 2013.00, 2014.00, and 2014.01)
Two tower operators sighted a light over a city airport at 2020 hours
on January 20, 1951. Since a commercial plane was taking off at this
time, the pilots were asked to investigate this light. They observed it at
2026 hours. According to them, it flew abreast of them at a greater
radius as they made their climbing turn, during which time it blinked some
lights which looked like running lights.
While the observing plane was still
in its climbing turn, the object made a turn toward the plane and flew across
its nose. As the two men turned their heads to watch it, it instantly
appeared on their other side flying in the same direction as they were
flying, and then in 2 or 3 seconds it slipped under them, and they did not
see it again. Total time of the observation was not stated. In appearance,
it was like an airplane with a cigar-shaped body and straight wings, some-
what larger than a B-29. No engine nacelles were observed on the wings.
79

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 81, "chars": 494, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case IV (Serial 4599.00)
A part-time farmer and a hired hand were curing tobacco at midnight
on July 19, 1952, when they looked up and saw two cigar-shaped objects.
One hovered while the other moved to the east and came back, at which
time both ascended until out of sight. Duration of observation was 3 to 4
minutes. Both had an exhaust at one end, and neither had projections of any
kind. It was stated that they appeared to be transparent and illuminated
from the inside.
Lighted
Exhaust
80

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 666, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case V (Serial 0565.00 to 0565.03)
A pilot and copilot were flying a DC-3 at 0340 hours on July 24, 1948,
when they saw an object coming toward them. It passed to the right and
slightly above them, at which time it went into a steep climb and was lost
from sight in some clouds. Duration of the observation was about 10
seconds. One passenger was able to catch a flash of light as the object
passed. The object seemed powered by rocket or jet motors shooting a
trail of fire some 50 feet to the rear of the object. The object had no wings •
or other protrusion and had two rows of lighted windows.
Cockpit
windshield?
Pilot
Windows with
white light
Black
Copilot
81

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 818, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case VI (Serial 4822. 00)
An instrument technician, while driving from a large city toward an
Air Force base on December 22, 1952, saw an object from his car at 1930
hours. He stopped his car to watch it.
It suddenly moved up toward the
zenith in spurts from right to left at an angle of about 45°. It then moved
off in level flight at a high rate of speed, during which maneuver it appeared
white most of the time, but apparently rolled three times showing a red
'side. About halfway through its roll it showed no light at all. It finally
assumed a position to the south of the planet Jupiter at a high altitude, at
which position it darted back and forth, left and right alternately. Total
time of the observation was 15 minutes. Apparently, the observer just
stopped watching the object.
White
No light
Deep red
82

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 112, "chars": 683, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case VII (Serial 2728.00)
A Flight Sergeant saw an object over an Air Force base in Korea at
0842 hours on June 6, 1952. The object flew in a series of spinning and
tumbling actions. It was on an erratic course, first flying level, then
stopping momentarily, shooting straight up, flying level and again tumbling,
then changing course and disappearing into the sun. It reappeared and was
seen flying back and forth across the sun. At one time an F-86 passed
between the observer and the object. He pointed it out to another man who
saw it as it maneuvered near
the sun.
Rotation
Black lines evenly spaced
Proportion 7 to 1
(Dimensions are as
shown in observer's
original drawing)
83

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 435, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case VIII (Serial 0576.00)
An electrician was standing by the bathroom window of his home,
facing west, at 0825 hours on July 31, 1948, when he first sighted an object.
He ran to his kitchen where he pointed out the object to his wife. Total
time in sight was approximately 10 seconds, during which the object flew
on a straight and level course from horizon to horizon, west to east.
Noted shadow
6' to 8'
'20"
(Ratio approx. 3:1)
84

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 140, "chars": 793, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case IX (Serial 0066.00)
A farmer and his two sons, aged 8 and 10, were at his fishing camp
on August 13, 1947. At about 1300 hours, he went to look for the boys,
having sent them to the river for some tape from his boat. He noticed an
object some 300 feet away, 75 feet above the ground. He saw it against
the background of the canyon wall which was 400 feet high at this point.
It
was hedge hopping, following the contour of the ground, was sky blue,
about 20 feet in diameter and 10 feet thick, and had pods on the side from
which flames were shooting out. It made a swishing sound. The observer
stated that the trees were highly agitated by the craft as it passed over.
His two sons also observed the object. No one saw the object for more
than a few seconds.
- 11
• Side view
End view
85

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 145, "chars": 898, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case X (Serial 1119.00)
An employee in the supersonic laboratory of an aeronautical lab-
oratory and some other employees of this lab, were by a river, 2-1/2
miles from its mouth, when they saw an object. The time was about 1700
hours on May 24, 1949. The object was reflecting sunlight when observed
by naked eye. However, he then looked at it with 8-power binoculars, at
which time there was no glare. (Did glasses have filter?) It was of
metallic construction and was seen with good enough resolution to show
that the skin was dirty. It moved off in horizontal flight at a gradually in-
creasing rate of speed, until it seemed to approach the speed of a jet
before it disappeared. No propulsion was apparent. Time of observation
was 2-1/2 to 3 minutes.
Something equivalent
to a patch
Smoother in
front
Direction
of motion
Rough and wrinkled
in rear
-Surface peared dirty
and spotty in color
86

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 298, "chars": 1842, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case XI (Serial 1550.00)
On March 20, 1950, a Reserve Air Force Captain and an airlines
Captain were flying a commercial airlines flight. At 21:26, the airline
Captain directed the attention of the Reserve Air Force Captain to an object
which apparently was flying at high speed, approaching the airliner from
the south on a north heading. The Reserve Air Force Captain focused his
attention on the object. Both crew members watched it as it passed in front
of them and went out of sight to the right.
The observation, which lasted
about 25 to 35 seconds, occurred about 15 miles north of a medium-sized
city. When the object passed in front of the airliner, it was not more than
1/2 mile distant and at an altitude of about 1000 feet higher than the airliner.
The object appeared to be circular, with a diameter of approximately
100 feet and with a vertical height considerably less than the diameter,
giving the object a disc-like shape. In the top center was a light which was
blinking at an estimated
3 flashes per second. This light was so brilliant
that it would have been impossible to look at it continuously had it not been
blinking. This light could be seen only when the object was approaching
and after it had passed the airliner. When the object passed in front of the
observers, the bottom side was visible. The bottom side appeared to have
9 to 12 symmetrical oval or circular portholes located in a circle approxi-
mately 3/4 of the distance from the center to the outer edge. Through these
portholes came a soft purple light about the shade of aircraft fluorescent
lights.
The object was traveling in a straight line without spinning. Con-
sidering the visibility, the length of time the object was in sight, and the
distance from the object, the Reserve Air Force Captain estimates the
speed to be in excess of 1000 mph.
87

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 3, "chars": 31, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
88

Flashing light

Portholes

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2513, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Case XII (Serial 3601.00)
At 0535 on the morning of August 25, 1952, a musician for a radio
station was driving to work from his home when he noticed an object
hovering about 10 feet above a field near the road along which he was
driving.
As he came abreast of the object, he stopped his car and got out
to watch. Having an artificial leg, he could not leave the road, since the
surrounding terrain was rough. However, he was within about 100 yards
of it at the point he was standing on the road. The object was not absolutely
still, but seemed to rock slightly as it hovered. When he turned off the
motor of his car, he could hear a deep throbbing sound coming from the
object. As he got out of the car, the object began a vertical ascent with a
sound similar to "a large covey of quail starting to fly at one time". The
object ascended vertically through broken clouds until out of sight. His
view was not obscured by clouds. The observer states that the vegetation
was blown about by the object when it was near the ground.
Description of the object is as follows:
It was about 75 feet long, 45 feet wide, and 15 feet thick, shaped like
two oval meat platters placed together. It was a dull aluminum color, and
had a smooth surface. A medium-blue continuous light shone through the
one window in the front section. The head and shoulders of one man, sitting
motionless, facing the forward edge of the object, were visible. In the
midsection of the object were several windows extending from the top to the
rear edge of the object; the midsection of the ship had a blue light which
gradually changed to different shades. There was a large amount of activity
and movement in the midsection that could not be identified as either human
or mechanical, although it did not have a regular pattern of movement.
There were no windows, doors or portholes, vents, seams, etc., visible
to the observer in the rear section of the object or under the object (viewed
at time of ascent). Another identifiable feature was a series of propellers
6 to 12 inches in diameter spaced closely together along the outer edge of
the object. These propellers were mounted on a bracket so that they
revolved in a horizontal plane along the edge of the object. The propellers
were revolving at a high rate of speed.
Investigation of the area soon afterward showed some evidence of
vegetation being blown around. An examination of grass and soil samples
taken indicated nothing unusual. Reliability of the observer was considered
good.
89

===== PAGE 100 =====
{"alpha_words": 4, "chars": 48, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 100, "variant": "clean-vision"}
000
20' to 25'
height
Approximately
75' long
90

===== PAGE 101 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 1973, "method": "ocr", "page": 101, "variant": "plain-vision"}
These 12 sightings can be classed into four categories on the basis of
their shapes, as follows:
(1) Propeller shape - Case I
(2) Aircraft shape - Cases II and III
(3) Cigar shape - Cases IV and V
(4) Elliptical or disc shape - Cases VI to XII
The criterion for choosing the above sightings was that their descrip-
tions were given in enough detail to permit diagrams of the objects to be
drawn. It might be noted here that in all but one of these cases (Case XI)
the observer had already drawn a diagram of what he had seen.
The objective of this section of the study was the conceiving of a
model, or models. The requirement that the description be detailed is an
important one, and was the easiest to determine in the re-evaluation pro-
gram. However, a good model ought to satisfy the following conditions as
well:
(1) The general shape of the object and the maneuvers it
• performed should fit the reports of many of the UNKNOWNS
and thus explain them.
(2) The observer and the report should be reliable.
(3) The report should contain elements which should have
been observed with accuracy, and which eliminate the
possibility that the sighting could be ascribed to a
familiar object or to a known natural phenomenon.
(4) The model should be derived from two or more good
UNKNOWNS between which there is no essential conflict.
It can be shown that it is not possible to deduce a model from the 12
cases that will satisfy all of these conditions. The following case-by-case
discussion of the 12 good UNKNOWNS will illustrate this point:
(1) Case I does not satisfy Conditions 1 and 4. The reported
shape of this object is not duplicated in any of the other
UNKNOWNS.
(2) Case II does not satisfy Conditions 1 and 3. There are
very few UNKNOWNS in the aircraft shape classification.
In addition, the unusual characteristic of this sighting
(i.e., the red glow) could have been reflection of the
lights of Flint from the objects if they were either birds
or aircraft.
91

===== PAGE 102 =====
{"alpha_words": 304, "chars": 1842, "method": "ocr", "page": 102, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(3) Case III does not satisfy Condition 1. It also does not
satisfy Condition 4 when Case II is eliminated as a
good UNKNOWN.
(4) Case IV does not satisfy Conditions 1 or 2. There are
few cigar-shaped or rocket-shaped objects reported in
the literature. In addition, this observer is not con-
sidered to be well-qualified technically.
(5) Case V does not satisfy Condition 1. It also does not
satisfy Condition 4 when Case IV is eliminated as a
good UNKNOWN.
It might be argued here that many of the UNKNOWNS might actually
have shapes similar to these good UNKNOWNS. It will be noted, however,
that each of these five cases does not satisfy one of the other three condi-
tions.
(6) Case VI does not satisfy Condition 2. In the description
of the object, it was stated that at certain times there
was no light seen from the object. Apparently, the
"band of no light", as diagrammed by the observer, was
an attempt to explain this. However, if the object were
constructed as shown in the diagram, light should have
been seen at all times.
Because of this conflict the
drawing is not considered reliable, and without the draw-
ing, there is not enough detail in the description to make
it useful for this study.
(7) Case VII violates Conditions 1 and 4. Although the shape
is disc-like, the maneuvers performed by the object are
unique both among the UNKNOWNS and among the good
UNKNOWNS.
Cases VIII to XII satisfy Conditions 1 through 3, but they do not
satisfy Condition 4. The features which make them different from each
other are as follows:
(8) Case VIII. The object is smooth, with no protrusions
or other
details.
(9) Case IX. The object had rocket or jet pods on each
side that were shooting out flames.
(10) Case X. The object had a fin or rudder.
(11) Case XI. The object had a series of portholes, or
windows,
on its under side.
92

===== PAGE 103 =====
{"alpha_words": 499, "chars": 3002, "method": "ocr", "page": 103, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(12) Case XII. The object had windows in its top and front
and its top midsection. It also had a set of propellers
around its waist.
It is not possible, therefore, to derive a verified model of a "flying
saucer" from the data that have been gathered to date. This point is im-
portant enough to emphasize. Out of about 4, 000 people who said they saw
a "flying saucer", sufficiently detailed descriptions were given in only 12
cases. Having culled the cream of the crop, it is still impossible to develop
a picture of what a "flying saucer" is.
In addition to this study of the good UNKNOWNS, an attempt was made
to find groups of UNKNOWNS for which the observed
characteristics were
the same. No such groups were found.
On the basis of this evidence, therefore, there is a low probability
that any of the UNKNOWNS represent observations of a class of "flying
saucers". It may be that some reports represent observations of not one
but several classes of objects that might have been "flying saucers";
however, the lack of evidence to confirm even one class would seem to make
this possibility remote. It is pointed out that some of the cases of KNOWNS,
before identification, appeared fully as bizarre as any of the 12 cases of
good UNKNOWNS, and, in fact, would have been placed in the class of good
UNKNOWNS had it not been possible to establish their identity.
This is, of course, contrary to the bulk of the publicity that has been
given to this problem.
The reason for the nature of this publicity was
clearly brought out during the re-evaluation study. It is a definite fact that
upon reading a few reports, the reader becomes convinced that "flying
saucers" are real and are some form of sinister contrivance. This reaction
is independent of the training of the reader or of his attitude toward the
problem prior to the initial contact. It is unfortunate that practically all of
the articles, books, and news stories dealing with the phenomenon of the
"flying saucer" were written by men who were in this category, that is,
men who had read only a few selected reports. This is accentuated by the
fact that, as a rule, only the more lurid-sounding reports are cited in these
publications. Were it not for this common psychological tendency to be
captivated by the mysterious, it is possible that no problem of this nature
would exist.
The reaction, mentioned above, that after reading a few reports, the
reader is convinced that "flying saucers" are real and are some form of
sinister contrivance, is very misleading. As more and more of the reports
are read, the feeling that "saucers" are real fades, and is replaced by a
feeling of skepticism regarding their existence.. The reader eventually
reaches a point of saturation, after which the reports contain no new infor-
mation at all and are no longer of any interest.
This feeling of surfeit was
universal among the personnel who worked on this project, and continually
necessitated a conscious effort on their part to remain objective.
93

===== PAGE 104 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2618, "method": "ocr", "page": 104, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CONCLUSIONS
It can never be absolutely proven that "flying saucers" do not exist.
This would be true if the data obtained were to include complete scientific
measurements of the attributes of each sighting, as well as complete and
detailed descriptions of the objects sighted. It might be possible to demon-
strate the existence of "flying saucers" with data of this type, IF they were
to exist.
Although the reports considered in this study usually did not contain
scientific measurements of the attributes of each sighting, it was possible
to establish certain valid conclusions by the application of statistical
methods in the treatment of the data. Scientifically evaluated and arranged,
the data as a whole did not show any marked patterns or trends. The in-
accuracies inherent in this type of data, in addition to the incompleteness of
a large proportion of the reports, may have obscured any patterns or trends
that otherwise would have been evident. This absence of indicative relation-
ships necessitated an exhaustive study of selected facets of the data in order
to draw any valid conclusions.
A critical examination of the distributions of the important char-
acteristics of sightings, plus an intensive study of the sightings evaluated
as UNKNOWN, led to the conclusion that a combination of factors, prin-
cipally the reported maneuvers of the objects and the unavailability of
supplemental data such as aircraft flight plans or balloon-launching records,
resulted in the failure to identify as KNOWNS most of the reports of objects
classified as UNKNOWNS.
An intensive study, aimed at finding a verified example of a "flying
saucer" or at deriving a verified model or models of "flying saucers" (as
defined on Page 1), led to the conclusion that neither goal could be attained
using the present data.
It is emphasized that there was a complete lack of any valid evidence
consisting of physical matter in any case of a reported unidentified aerial
object.
Thus, the probability that any of the UNKNOWNS considered in this
study are "flying saucers" is concluded to be extremely small, since the
most complete and reliable reports from the present data, when isolated
and studied, conclusively failed to reveal even a rough model, and since
the data as a whole failed to reveal any marked patterns or trends.
Therefore, on the basis of this evaluation of the information, it is
considered to be highly improbable that any of the reports of unidentified
aerial objects examined in this study represent observations of technologi-
cal developments outside the range of present-day scientific knowledge.
94

===== PAGE 105 =====
{"alpha_words": 10, "chars": 96, "method": "ocr", "page": 105, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
APPENDIX A

TABULATIONS OF FREQUENCY AND PERCENTAGE
DISTRIBUTIONS BY CHARACTERISTICS

95 and 96

===== PAGE 106 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 2396, "method": "ocr", "page": 106, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
Table Al.
Evaluation of All Sightings by Years
Table AZ.
Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Years
Table A3.
Evaluation of Object Sightings by Years
«•
Table A4.
Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, All Years.
Table A5.
Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1947
Table A6.
Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1948
-•
...
...
Table A7.
Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year,
1949
Table A8.
Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1950
Table A9. Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year,
1951
-•
Table A10. Evaluation of All Sightings by Month of Year, 1952
Table
All.
Evaluation
of
Unit Sightings
by
Month
of
ear,
...
Table A12. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1947 .
Table A13. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1948 .
Table A14. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1949
Table A15. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month
of Year, 1950
Table A16. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1951
Table A17. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Month of Year, 1952
Table A18. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, All Years
Table A19. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1947|
Table A20. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1948
Table A21. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1949
Table A22. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year,
1950
Table A23. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1951
Table A24. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Month of Year, 1952
Table A25. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, All Years
Table A26. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1947 . . . . .
Table A2T. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1948
...
Table A28. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1949
Table A29. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1950
.....
Table A30. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1951
......
Table A31. Evaluation of All Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1952
Table A32. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, All Years
Table A33. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1947 . . .
-..
Page
107
107
108
109
110
111
112
113
114
115
116
117
118
119
120
121
122
123
124
125
126
127
128
129
130
130
...
• 130
... ..
• 131
131
132
132
97

===== PAGE 107 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 2419, "method": "ocr", "page": 107, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Table A34. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1948 .
Table A35. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1949 . . .
Table A36. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1950 .
Table A37. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1951 .
Table A38. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1952 .
Table A39. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, All Years
Table A40. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1947 . .
Table A4l. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1948 .
Table A42. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1949 . .
Table A43. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1950
Table A44. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1951
Table A45. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Sighting Reliability Groups, 1952 .
Table A46. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Military Observers
Table A47. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Civilian Observers
Table A48. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1947 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Military Observers
Table A49. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1947 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Civilian Observers
Table A50. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1948 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Military Observers
Table A51. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1948 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Civilian Observers
Table A52. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1949 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Military Observers
Table A53.
Evaluation of All Sightings for 1949 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Civilian Observers
Table A54. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1950 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Military Observers
Table A55. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1950 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Civilian Observers
Table A56. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1951 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Military Observers
..
Table A57. Evaluation of All Sightings for 1951 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Civilian Observers
Table A58.
Evaluation of All Sightings for 1952 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Military Observers
- •
...
.....
Page
132
132
133
133
133
134
134
134
134
135
135
135
136
136
136
136
137
137
137
137
138
138
138
138
139
98

===== PAGE 108 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2444, "method": "ocr", "page": 108, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Table A59. Evaluation brAN Sightings for 1952 by Sighting Reliability Groups,
Civilian Observers
Table A60. Reported Colors of Objects Sighted by Years, All Sightings
Table A61. Reported Colors of Objects Sighted by Years, Unit Sightings
.....
Table A62. Reported Colors of Objects Sighted by Years, Object Sightings
Table A63. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported
_• "
...
Table A64. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported
.....
Table A65. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported
Table Abb. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Table A67.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Two Objects.
Table A68. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Three to Ten Objects.
Table A69. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Eleven or More Objects
Table A70.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Number of Objects Not Stated
Table A7l. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
One Object
Table A7Z.
Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Two Objects.
Table A73. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Three to Ten Objects.
Table A74. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Eleven or More Objects
Table A75. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Number of Objects Not Stated
Table A76. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
One Object
Table A77.
Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Iwo Objects.
Table A78. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting,
Three to Ten Objects.
able A79. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sightin
leven or More Obiect
'able A80. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sightin
umber of Objects Not Stated
Table A81. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, All Years .
Table A82, Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1947
Page
139
140
140
140
141
142
143
144
144
145
145
146
147
147
148
148
149
150
150
151
151
152
153
153
99

===== PAGE 109 =====
{"alpha_words": 341, "chars": 2484, "method": "ocr", "page": 109, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Table A83. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting,
1948
Table A84. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1949
Table A85. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1950
Table A86. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1951
Table A87. Evaluation of All Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1952
Table A88. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, All Years
Table A89. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1947
Table A90. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1948
Table A91. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting,
1949
Table A92. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1950
Table A93. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1951
Table A94. Evaluation of Unit Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1952
Table A95. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, All Years.
Table A96. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1947
Table A97. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1948
Table A98. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1949
Table A99. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1950
Table A100. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sightings, 1951
Table A101. Evaluation of Object Sightings by Duration of Sighting, 1952
Table A102. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Five Seconds or Less
Table A103.
Table A 104.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Six to Ten Seconds
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Eleven to Thirty Seconds
Table A105. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Thirty One to Sixty Seconds
Table A106. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Sixty One Seconds to Five Minutes
Table A107.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Six to Thirty Minutes
Table A108. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Over Thirty Minutes
Table A109. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Duration Not Stated . . .
..
_•
Page
154
154
155
155
156
157
157
158
158
159
159
160
161
161
162
162
163
163
164
165
166
167
168
169
170
171
172
100

===== PAGE 110 =====
{"alpha_words": 374, "chars": 2459, "method": "ocr", "page": 110, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Page
173
Table All0. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Five Seconds or Less .
Table All. Evaluation of titSightings for All Years by Duration of Sighing for Months
Table A112. Evalues, of vein to hinty See All ears by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A113. Evalete of uny genese Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A114. Evalyait, Sit onsighing to Alve airs by Duration of Sighting for Months
Table A115. Evaluati, of oiSinly is foe All Years by Duration of Sighting for Month:
Table A116. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Over Thirty Minutes
Table A117. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
f Year, Duration Not Stated .
Table A118.
Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Five Seconds or Less
Table A119.
Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Six to Ten Seconds
•.
Table A120.
Table A12l.
Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Thirty One to Sixty Seconds
Table A122. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Sixty One Seconds to Five Minutes
Table A123. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Six to Thirty Minutes
Table A124. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Over Thirty Minutes
Table A125. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Duration of Sighting for Months
of Year, Duration Not Stated..
Table A126. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Elliptical . . . .
Table A127. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Rocket and Aircraft
Table A128. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Meteor or Comet
Table A129. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Lenticular, Conical,
or Teardrop .
•..
...
Table A130. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Flame
Table A131. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Other Shapes
Table A132. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Shape Not Stated
-•
174
175
176
177
178
179
180
181
182
183
184
185
186
187
.....
- •
188
189
189
190
190
191
191
192
101

===== PAGE 111 =====
{"alpha_words": 399, "chars": 2692, "method": "ocr", "page": 111, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Table A133. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Elliptical . .
Table A134. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Rocket and Aircraft
Table A135. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Meteor or Comet .
Table A136. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Lenticular,
Conical, or Teardrop
Table A137. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Flame .
Table A138. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Other Shapes.
Table A139. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Shape Not Stated
Table A140. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Elliptical . . .
Table A141. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Rocket and Aircraft
Table A142. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Meteor or Comet
Table A143. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object,
Conical, or Teardrop
Lenticular,
Table A144. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Flame
Table A145. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Other Shapes
Table A146. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Shape of Object, Shape Not Stated .
Table A147. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Stationary
Table A148. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Less
Than One Hundred Miles per Hour .
Table A 149.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, One
Hundred to Four Hundred Miles per Hour
Table A 150.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Over
Four Hundred Miles per Hour
Table A151. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects,
Meteor-Like Speeds .
Table A152, Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects,
Speed Not Stated
Table A153. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Stationary.
Table A154, Evaluation Umit Stein fafor All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects,
Less Than
Table A155, Evaluation of dred Siles per HAll Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, One Hundred
Table A156. Evaluation de it Seg ping for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Over
able A157. Evaluation of Upe Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of objects
Table A158. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects,
Speed Not Stated
...
Page
193
193
194
194
195
195
196
197
197
198
198
199
199
200
201
201
202
202
203
203
204
204
205
205
206
206
102

===== PAGE 112 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 2435, "method": "ocr", "page": 112, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Page
207
Table A159. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Stationary.
Table A 160, Evalan One of Odred Siles Per fool! Years by Reported Speeds of Objects, Less
Table A161. Eludied of Dour fughe fled plyears by Reported Speeds of Objects, One
Table A162, Evaluation of Oic perting for All Years by Repotted Speeds of Objects, Over
Table A163. Evaluation of Ofpect Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects,
Table A 164, Evalain of beect Sightings for All Years by Reported Speeds of Objects,
Table A165. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Light Brightness. •
Table A166. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Light Brightness . . .
Table A167. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Light Brightness
Table A168. Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, All Years
Table A169. Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, 1947
Table A170. Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, 1948
Table A17l. Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, 1949
Table A172. Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, 1950
Table A173. Location of Observer During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, 1951 .
Table A174. Location of Observers During Sighting by Months for All Sightings, 1952
Table A175. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, White or Glowing White Objects.
Table A 176.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Metallic Objects.
Table A177.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Object Color Not Stated
Table A178.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duratior
of Sighting, Orange or Glowing Orange Objects.
Table A179. Evaluations Also inion el Doere by Colors Roported for Duration
able A180. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duratio
if Sighting, Green or Glowing Green Object
Table A 181. Evaluationg, else or ClorAl Year by cal Reported for Duration
Table A182, Evaluationg, Oll is on gefor Aulears by Colors Reported for Duration
Table A183. Boltings Write or choi le Orely olor Reported for Duration
207
208
208
209
209
210
211
212
213
214
215
216
217
218
219
220
220
221
221
222
222
223
223
224
103

===== PAGE 113 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2917, "method": "ocr", "page": 113, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Table A184. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Metallic Objects .
Table A185. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Object Color Not Stated
Table 4186. Evaluation of Unit gie brigo on All angrs by Colors Reported for Duration
Table A187. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported Ior Duration
of Sighting, Red or Glowing Red Objects
Table A188. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duratior
of Sighting, Green or Glowing Green Object
Table A189.
Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Durati
:Sighting, Yellow or Glowing Yellow Objec
Table A190.
Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Objects of Other Colors
Table A191. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, White or Glowing White Objects .
Table A192. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Metallic Objects
Table A193.
Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Object Color Not Stated
Table A194. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Orange or Glowing Orange Objects.
'able A195. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duratio
f Sighting, Red or Glowing Red Object
Table A196. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Green or Glowing Green Objects.
Table A197.
Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
f Sighting, Yellow or Glowing Yellow Objects
Table A198.
Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Colors Reported for Duration
of Sighting, Objects of Other Colors
Table A199. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, One Object
Table A200. Evaluation of All Sightings for Ali Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, Iwo Objects
Table A201. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, Three to Ten Objects
Table A202. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, Eleven or More Objects
Table A203.
Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated
Table A204. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, One Object
Table A205. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, Iwo Objects
104
Page
224
225
225
226
226
227
227
228
228
229
229
230
230
231
231
232
232
233
233
234
235
235

===== PAGE 114 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2799, "method": "ocr", "page": 114, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Table A206. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sightin
for Duration of Sighting, Three to Ten Object
Table A 207.
Evolution if Uni sightig Eleven are by Number of Objects per Sighting
Table A208, Erot Durations gig order of Ore oy Nose of Obects per Sighting.
ble A209. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighti
›r Duration of Sighting, One Obje
able A210. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighti
or Duration of Sighting, Iwo Objec
Table A211. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, Three to Ten Objects .
Table A212.
Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, Eleven or More Objects .
Table A213.
Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Number of Objects per Sighting
for Duration of Sighting, Number of Objects Not Stated
Table A214. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by Geographic Location
Table A215, Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by Geographic Location .
Table A216. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by Geographic Location
Table A217. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by North American Location.
Table A218. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by North American Location
Table A219. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by North American Location
Table A220. Evaluation of All Sightings for All Years by United States Regional Location
Table A221. Evaluation of Unit Sightings for All Years by United States Regional Location
Table A222. Evaluation of Object Sightings for All Years by United States Regional Location
Table A223. Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central East Region •
Table A224. Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Midwest Region
Table A225. Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Farwest Region
Table A226. Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Midwest Region .
Table A227, Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South West Region
Table A228. Evaluation of All Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Farwest Region
Table A229. Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central East Region .
Table A230. Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Midwest Region
Table A231. Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Farwest Region.
Table A232. Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Midwest Region
...
..
:
105
Page
236
236
237
238
238
239
239
240
241
241
242
243
243
244
245
246
247
248
248
248
249
249
249
250
250
250
251

===== PAGE 115 =====
{"alpha_words": 117, "chars": 859, "method": "ocr", "page": 115, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF TABLES
(Continued)
Table A233. Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South West Region
Table A234. Evaluation of Unit Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Farwest Region
Table A235. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central East Region . . . . . . .
Table A236. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Midwest Region . . . . . •
Table A237. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the Central Farwest Region
Table A238. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Midwest Region . . . . . . .
Table A239. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South West Region
Table A240. Evaluation of Object Sightings in the Strategic Areas of the South Farwest Region.
...
Page
251
251
252
252
252
253
253
253
106

===== PAGE 116 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 4587, "method": "ocr", "page": 116, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
jo-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E Insuffic into.
7-Psychalogical
8-Untnom
Total
TABLE AL
EKAL VATION™
- OF ALL
SIGHTINGS
B4
YEARS
ALL
4ENRS
1947
1948
1949
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubthul Total
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubitull Total Certain Doubenul Total Contain Doubthi fTotal
410, 180,450
8.4
56 14.0.
160 00 60
20/37 83 45 181.16
5. 2/ 41. 12,53
416
34/ 812
354
14.9
10.6 255
288642
/111
9.0 20.1
32
24
56
1.0.
0.8 18
12
10
29
0.6
03 09
52
2
2
0
8.42 27.4 6б.34.3
17
36 35 5 25 190 365 24 132 206 181 33.5523
_4 17 1234
1615
121
_18 2410E 31 26
217
6
5? 1.8 bé 4.4
00. 1"
10 29 20
000. 1000
000 00 00
10|15,25
11/02. 13
12
298
13
25
0.4
0.4!
_28
2.
00 00 00, 00
U
00 00.00
00000.00
0 298
38
10.
48
9.3
0.0.
9.3
14
0 14 120. 00 12019
10 93 00 93361
0 36 91 00°'
12
0.3
1.5
1 5 26 12 43L
01 / 0500.053
3 07 00 6?
489
0.689
215
00. 2'5
112
35 147
3.5
1./ 4.6.
28.
17
0 38 239. 00 25.0 Er
0 27.132 01/3E 56
0 56 142, 0% 142
0 1 145 00 145 4 8 12 10 39 55 11 0 128/00|38
12300| 901/3201/11:9 28.1100. |105 12/117|598/103100 124 81 1505 645395100 /231 164 395|585 41.5 100.
Evaluation
a-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
(1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
i4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G Insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
1950
Humber
Per Cent
-195/
195₴
Certain Doubtful|
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cat
| Certain: Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtrul| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doultul Total Certain Doubitul Total
33
40
10.8
2.3
13.1
4.2
25
81 181, 144 33/ 93
7.1 16É
49
39
25
15
12
74
6.0.
8.2,24.2
54
12.7
4.9 176
10
25
16
4
11
14
42 15.6
10.6
262 260. 120. 380 129. 60.182
8
2410.0
5.0
15.0 250
232482-124 1165 239
0.0
0.0
0.0
13
0.7
2.0
26
17
43
13
0.8
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.7
13.
5
18. 0.6. 0.2
0.5
0.0.
0.0
0 0.0
0.0
12
13
0.6
0.6 12
49
4
1L
49
0.0
0.
16.0
0.0
116.0
4
1.3
1.3
14
14
00
8.1
25
0.0
166
1.4
33
8.2
0.0 8.3
D.0
0.Z
0.7
26
13.
0.3
7/
23.2
16
0.0 23.2
14
2.3
2.3
4.6
52
8
52 32.5,
00 325455
0 455 222 00 82.6
5.0
0.0
5.0
65
20 85 3210|
42
252 51
1305/823 177/00. 1128/32.160/800 200100. 1460 55820181724 27.6100
TABLE
8 2
EVALUATION
OF UNIT SIGHTINGS BY YEARS
ALL LEARS
1947
1948
Number
Number
19:9
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain
| Doubtful
Total
| Certain| Doubtful! Total Certain
Doubtful Total
¡Certain Doubtful| Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
228
15/ 329
8.9
52
14.8
383
256 639 150.10.0
25.0
12
8.21
7.2
0.0
1.2
119.6
8.2 22.8
212
235 521
11.4
9.2
20.6
2
2.1
2.1
13.
2.1
4.2
32
2/
53
0.8
2.1
0.0
2.1.
13
10
23
0.5
0.4
0.9
2
0.
0.0
0.0. 0.0
14
28
15
2
2
10 24.92
6.5 /5.7
11
14
4.7
113.60
27.55
18.3 17.6.35.9
4.19
9.8.
34
3.
80
114
14.4, 338 48.2.
366/12.4
18
12
30
1.6
5/122,
3
5
13
20
33
0000. 00
3
5
13.20
33
0.8
24. 12
3
10
0.1
0.3
2611
261
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00. 02
102 00 102
12
0 12
45
1.4.
0.4
12.41
0.0
12.4
3.1
11
1.1
0.0
0.0
0.7
00 02
497
92
0 497
19.5
1.8
19.5
24
2.
5
0.0
16.
e,24
2.1
5.2
0.0 241
28120.
3.6
1.1
4.1
24.1
0. 16
16.5
0.0
116.5
16
4
0|16 10.5
00 105
1.11 2.6
4. 6.
1.2
33
3
33
6
33
14.0
6.0,140
3.13. 00/13
33
14.000 140
6
25.00 25
(831) 711-2554 11.9.28.1100.
185/12 91/816/12.4:100.
49 | 54 15364.7 35.3 1001/401
96 2361574 40.61100
Number
Certain Doubtful
22
42
30
18
0
26
2
42
0
5
1950
Certain Doubtful Total
27
0.5
2.412.9
60
20.1
8.6 287
41
43
5.3 19.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
26
2
42
0.0
12.4.
1.0
201
2.9
00
0.0
0.0 12.4
2.0;
10
0.0 20.1
24
5.3
4
21
14
38
1951
Number
Per Cent
1952
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Ceat
Doubtful Total
" Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtal Total
3
12
66
2.2
14
35
15.3
8.8.
165.130 295
9.6
15 11/
10.2
8
24
11.7
5.8
255
239. 109
348. 13.9
13. 20.2
12.5211 198 404 12.3,
11.5 23.8
/
3
1.5
02
2.2
26
1243 15
1.0
0.0
0.7 01
514
0.5
0.3
2.5
00
0.0 00
3
1 10
0.8
0.2
0.4
0.6
14
10.2
00 102
159
0.159 9.2
0.0
9.2.
2. 0.7
38.21.7
0.7
14
26
32 15
0.3
18
0.0
217 944
R 344 20.0
0.0
20,0
8 5.8
0.0
15.8
52.
16 68 30 09 39
170
39/209
814.18.6100.
1109128137179620410. 11234 4881722/111/28.3/100
107

===== PAGE 117 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 2212, "method": "ocr", "page": 117, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE
EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS
B4 YEARS
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Into.
/7-Psychological
8-Uoknowm
9-Other
ALL YEARS
Number
Per Cent
Number
447
Per Cent
194,8
1949
Mumber
Per Cent
Mussber
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful] Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain (Doubtful "Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubttul (Total
202132
331
9.4
6.0
154
0
274 205 412. 12.5
9.3
218
0.0
8.9
13521110
265. 209 414 12.0
2/.5
30
16
48
9.5
L4
0.8
2.2
B
2
2
7.8.9
12
10
22 84.2.0.154
8 16 10.1
10/20.2
23
48 17.5 16.1 336
2
4. 2.5
2.5
5.0
25
15
19
10.5
2.8
13.3
2
25
0.0
2.5
0.0
3
3
5
1.4
3.5
29
18.
e
55
12
84 15.6 29.5 45.1
30
9.7
64. 1le'
0.0
00
12
10
3
12
0.5
0,5
10
0.D
D.0.
5
14
2. /
35
3
1. 1
0,5
0.3
0.4
0.0
16
10
0.1
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
240
10.9
12
2.0
240. 10.9
0.0
12 152
0.0 15.2
1Z
1/.4
0.0
11.9
13.4
35
434
2
0.4
5
12
25
44
2.0
2
3. 8
0.434
16
2.5. 6.3
02
00.02
19.2
0.0
85
24 109
39
191
5.0
22
//
22
21.8
0.0.21.8
15
0.0.10.5
13.9
0.013.9
15
10.5
22
7
2.6
49
1.1
25
3
22 11.8
13.2
00.13.4
0.0
1.6
00 /8
6.0
32
Total
115851
46141 2199 72127.9.100.
671
12 / 1984.8 15.2.100.
93. 50 143 65035.0100
116.20186624376100.
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Binds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Number
1950
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Totai Certain Doubtfull
Total
Certai
21
25
22
25. 12.4
24.14.8
8
14
9
0
39 14.8
8.3.23.1
16.
3/ 13.0
5.3 18.3
L5
2.0.
e
0.0
0.Q
24
24
0.0
0.0
00
0
0.0
14.2
0.0.14.2
2
14
12
2.0
1.2
39
0. 39
23.0. 00 230
3.5
1.8
5.3
33
13930169823127100195
Number
2. 0.8
0.0
0.0
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
laubttut
Total
Certain
Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubthul
Total Certain Doubtul
Total Certain Doubtul; Tol!
2.5
9.1
118.113.261.99. 25 114
11. 6 24.8
21. 262 11.4.61 17.5
5.0
17.4
193. 176. 369 12.9. 11:7 24.6
0.8
1.6
25
14.39.11
2.k
0.8
0.0
08
0.9
8
5 13 05
0.3
0.8
0.0
1 10 02 05
0.7
0.0|11.6
0.8
1.6
148
25
0148
9.9
0.0
9.9
6, 3/
1.7
0.4. 21
0.0. 213
303
0 303.20.21
0.0
20.2
0.0 | 5.8
5/
14 65 3.9
09 4.3
21.5100.
1075/426
1150/ 716
28.4
100.
108

===== PAGE 118 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 3521, "method": "ocr", "page": 118, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
4-Birds
E-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insurffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknomn
90the
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aireratt
13-Light Phenom.
A Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
IE-Insuffic. Into.
(7-Psychological
18Unknow
9-Other
Total
TABLE AL EVALVATION OF ALL SIGHTINGS
B4 MONTH DE YEAR, ALL YEARS
JANUARY
FERRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain Doubtful |
Total
Serbin Quita Tal Certain Dotl Tola sentin Doubti Total Cerain outly Total certain Dubai Toil can poeM | Told
3
3
6
2.2
224.49
9 97 0.0 9.7/6
4 20 9.6 2.41207)
1103.515, 3.515,5.0
29
46
75
21.3.33.8 33.855.1
17
16 33183172 355 21 20 41 127 12024152
3
9 61 26.0. 4.5|305
4.4
2.2 6€
0.0
0.00.0
0
0.0
0.9P.0
Hoo,
5
14.97. 54 151 23
1. 30 13.9 4.218.128.
8
_ 36 14.0, 4.0 18.9
0 00 00 000
0 0.0 0.000
050.0 0.5
0. 0.00.00.0
0 5 30 00 30 4
1000.606
5 20/ 0.5 2.5
0 00 0.0.0.0
8
2
e.0 0.0
0 0|
∞ mr
0. 0. 1.5
26
10
83
5.9
1.5
19.5
6.6i
53136 61.9 39.9100:
0.05.9
0 00 0.0. 9.0
ho
13
0 1 3 140 0.0
14.0
22
0 22/33 00 13.3 26
0 1000.00
0 0.0 0.0 0.0
26130, 0.019.0
2. 1.0. 0.0 1.0
0. 0 19.5
0.7 2.3
16
8
16/7.2
0.0 47.2 29
0 29 1750.0 47557
57 28.5
_. 28-5
0 8 86 00 86 | 17/18 06 102 108 2 0 210
0.010
72
219377422610811749/166 205295100179 21200/89510.5/100
MAX
- JUNE
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
| Certain Doubtful Total Certain |
24
5
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
29
12.4
2.6
15.0
36
6
42 15.8
2-6
8.4
100
28
10
3 8
14.4
5.2
19.6
29
25
15
40
12.9
7.7
20.6.
23
52
12.7
22.81
116
30
1.5
3.D
13
43
13.2
18.9
133
0.8
1.0
0
1-3
0.0
1.7
4.1.
22
22
11•3
0.0
36
4
3 l
13
18.6
4.6
0.0
0.0
0.'
0.0
2.1
4.1
1.3
25
25
18.6
6-7
47
8
0.0
9.0
11.D
2.6
47/206.
9
3.5
6-0
0. 7
0.0
11.0
2-6
20.6
3.9
145
40
JULY
AUGUST
Humbes
Per Cent
Humber
PerCent
Doubtful | Total Certain
Doubtfil Total Certain Doubttul Total
/ Certain
| Doubtful Total
55
155
108
5.9/6.7
39
44
83
7.5
8. 4 15.9
55
7/
12.5
98
231
5.9
18:4
53
70
123
1P: 2
13.4 23.6
14.3
10.5
248
52
55
107
10.0
10.6
20.6
18
• 5
9
'4
1.3
1. 3
2.6
0.
0.0
0. 0
0.0
9
88
0.4
9.5
1.0
115
21.0
41
4.3
0.0
0. /
• 5
9.5
2.
21.0
4.4
0. 2
0.
45
10
119
45
8.6
0.0
8.6
0 2 2.1
119
71
18
22.8
2.1
0. 0 22.8
1. 3. 3.4
1551
39 194
79-9
20.1
100 182
46
228 79.8
20.2
100.
103
226 929 75.7
243L20. 336185|521 64.5355 700.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. fo.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
2-0ther
Total
SEPTEMGER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cont
Certain" Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Number
, Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Mumber
Doubtfel Total Certain Doutiful Total Certain Doubtful" Total
6
14
202.9
6.79.6
16
2/|3783
10.919.2
5
18
23
3.0
11.0
14.0
31
42 14.8
5:2
20.0.
40
2/
6/ 20.8
10.9 317
28
29
57|17.1
17.7
34.8
14
51
67 17.6
243
17 28 5:7
8.9 14.6
//
16
27
9.8
11.5
5|0.5
1.7
2.4
9
32
12
7
16
63
5.4
4.29.6
31
19.1 18.5875
37
2
2
14
26
7./
8. 315.4
3
0.5
3
1.0
1.5.
4
2/
2.6
3
1.8
0.6
2
0.0
0.0
16
0. 0. 0.6
0.5
1.0 1.5
1.0 36
0. 0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.5
0.5
5
7.26
0. 0. 0.5.0.5
0.0
4.9
4.9
0.0
0.00.0
20
3
5
10/06
•00m
20 95
0. 9.5
31
1.4
12620062
B
9
9.5400/5.4
0.01.4
10.6. 00 0
56167
4
0.0.26.7
1.0.5.0.005
0, 36 18.7
4
2.40.0.2.4.
0.018.7-32
32 195, 0.8 19.5.
40. 238 0.0.23.1
3. 8.
1.4
5.
2
4. 14 05 21
140
4
4 24 00/24
9
9 54 0.015.4
140
70|21066.7 33.3 100./25
67|192|651 34.9100 92 12 164|561 43.9110. 116 32/168/29.03.0/100.
109

===== PAGE 119 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 2182, "method": "ocr", "page": 119, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuftic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
i1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unkrown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-msuffic. Info.
T-Psychologicai
8-Unknomn
9-Other
Total
TABLE A5
EVALUATION
DF ALL SIGHIINGS
BY MONTH DE YEAR,
JANUACY
FEBRUARY
MACECM
4942
APRIL
Certain (Doubtul/ Tola Certain P Doctui Total (Cerain | Douinul/ Tolar /Certăin Docent Total certain Doubhul Total (Cersin (Docltul Toal Cersin Dowtihf Toba Cerin Daubithi Tolial
DATA
Ne DATA
DATA
MAX
Number
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful "Total Certain
Douteil Tota Certain P Douetl Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cant
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttul
| Total Certain Doubttu! Total Certain| Doubttul Total
L
0
1
77.
0.0
7Z
277Z
6
5
6
10,9
0,0 10,9
20 02 0.0
9,1
S.S 14.6
6
0
7.37,5
ATA
1613638
2
15,4
Re 15.0
0,0
3,6
00
3,6
Q
l.0
e0. 02
0.0 0l
1.8
1,8
0
0. 1.0
a.l
0,0
La se
0
0,0
00
a.l
00
Q
3
0
3 73.1
1.Z
4 30.8.
177
e
0
0,0
0
e.l.
08 73.1
0.0,
77
00 30,8
0.0
27
0
0.0
14.5.
0.0 /45
2 125
0.0
112S
2
0.0
3.6. 3.6
R
1Z
16
0 12 215
00 248
7
J43.8
0 16 291
0.0.29.1
0.0
43.8
00
121
1|13 923
77100, 481
7 55 873 12.7400|15
1 16 1937 63/100.
Certain
Number
0
0
0 0
OCTOBER
NOKEMRER
Per Ceat
Number
Per Cent
Total Certain |
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful|
Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
| Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtfu) Total
0.0
0,0
0.0
0 0
0.0
0.0
0,0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0.16.7
14
00
e.l
2.16
e
73.7 10,5.84.2
Z
33.3 33.3 66,6
00
0.0
0.l
0.0
0,0
0,0
00
O.l
al
00
33.3
333
2.0L
D.0
Q0
0
/
20 00
0
00
0.0
00167
167
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
1 53. 00.53
2 2 105 00/10.5
0 e De 00 00.
6 Vo0.0 00 /00. /7 2/19 895 10.5 V0 2
Dil
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0
40 00.
50.0-
a0 0.0 0.0
ee-
0 ae el el
13 1667 333100.
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubthil|
Total Certain Doubiful Total
0.0
OU
5
0,0
0.0
0.0
0
5.1100
0.0
0.0
0.0
0000
00
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0 00 00 0
00 100.0
0,0
0.0
0,5
0.0
Q0
015/1000 00100.
110

===== PAGE 120 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 3139, "method": "ocr", "page": 120, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Oust, elc
6 Insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, efc
G-Insuffic. info.
7-Psychological
8Unknowm
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Airciaft
3-Light Phenom.
A-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE Al
_ EVALVATIÓN OF ALL SIGHTINGS
By MONTH
DE YEAR,
1948
JANUARK
FEBRUART
Per Cent
MAREH
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Number
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain [Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubttul| Total
Certain Doubtfel | Total Certain Doubtful Total
Eertain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubehil| Tolal Certain | Doubiful Total Cerbin Doubttul | Tora
0,0
0.0
0,0
0 0
0,0
0.0 0.0
0l 00 ek
0
2
11. 0,0!.
12
13
625.18.7812
29
228 22,2100.0
2 222 0.0.222
2.8 HHS 44.5
0.0
e.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00. 00.00
3
0.0
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
00 00 a0
0,0
0,0
0.
20
0,0
0,0
0 0.0
0.0 00
000
16.7
2.0 /67
2.0. 0.0
5.6.00.56
00
OR
0.0
0.0
0,000 00
a0 al
2
12,5
0.0 12.5
0.0
0.0
2 222 00
22.2
0
0.0
2.0.
0,0
P.0.
L
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.D
0.0.
00
0.0
0.0. R0
0.2
0.0
11.1
ae 11.1
0.0
0.0
/
3
5.6 0.0.5.6
00 000l
3
16.7. 00/67
6.2. 62
0.0 445 .442.
el. 00 0.0
'2
4.16 75.0.25.0100.
0
0.0
4 t
2| 9 775|27:2100.|
51
49555 415 100. 10
8 18 /556 44.4/100.
MAY
JUNE
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
JULY
Number
Per Cent
HAU GUS T Por conl
Mumber
Certain | Doubttul|
Total
Certain | Doubtfal Total Certain| Doubtful" Total Certain
Doubtful
Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain| Doubttul| Total | Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubttui| Tota
0.
0.0
0.0
P.D
3
50.0
0,0
50.0
4
5 (0.3
- 2,6.12.9.
2
0.0 15.2.167
2
9,1
9.1/8.2
0.0
0.0
9.1
0.0
9./
0.0
0.0
9.13
10.3. 23133.4
4
1182. 82.364
3
0,0.27.3, 273
3
3
2
2. 128 51 179
9. 9.1.182
0.050.0
50.0
2,6
0.0. 26
2,0
Dii
0,0
00
9.1
4,/
0.0
0.0
D.0
0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0.2.62.6
2.0 0.0
D.D
3
3
0,0
273
0.0
0.0. 0,0.
0.
0.01
Gil
0.0
223
0.0. 0.8.
0.0
0.D
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
9.1
0.0
0,0
R.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
9,1
0. 0.
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0 . 00
02 00. 00
Q.D
R.l.
LL
L
28.2
0.0 , 28,2
0
1 26 0.0 Z6
el
0,0. 00
00,18.2/82
6
5
546 45.4.100.
3
500 50.0 100.
126.13 39/66733.3100.14 Z 1/ 136463.6100
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain | Doubttul Total
(Certain
Number
Per Cent
Number
Pes Cent
Number
Per Cont
Doubttul| Total Certain| Doubtfil Total Certain | Doubttul Total Certain| Doubtful| Total Certain| Doulttul Total Certain Doubtful | Total
3
3
0,0 375 37,5
R.0,12.5.12.5
1.14
16.7 30.0 46.7
65,0.26,0 30.0
7.L 0,0 7.1
3
3.3
125 12.5 250
3,3
10.0 /3.3
35,0, 5,0 400
2
7/ 32,1 39.2
el 33
.4
20,0
0,0 20.0
0,0
3,€
0,0
3.3
0,0
00 ee
3,6
00 0.0
0.0
3.3.
0,0
0,0
el
00
Z
3.3
3.3
0,0,
0,0
00
0.0
00
0.0
20
0.0
0.0
2,0
0,0
0.0
eel
0.D
0.Q
0.0 700
00 50
1 125. 0.012.5 0.
20,2
0 0 0000. 00
5.0
2 00 00 00 00
00. 00. 0.0
2
67 0.0 67
0
0.0
-e0 0.0
0.012.5.1250
L
o wa
9
1.0
0.0
0,0
10.7
6.l 10,7
0 00. 06.00.
9.
32!. 0.0 |32,1
0 0 0000 00
50. 0.0.50
Z/. C.0. 1l
2
6
125.0.75.0100.117/ 13/30|56743,3100|141
6 20 700 30.0/100 18 10 28 /64.3 35.2/100
111

===== PAGE 121 =====
{"alpha_words": 185, "chars": 3163, "method": "ocr", "page": 121, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
A-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknow
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Batloon
1-Astrcnomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
-TABLE AT
EVALUATION DE ALL
SIGHTINGS BY MONTH OF YERE,
1949
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain! Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubeful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Told
1.71.7
6
30
36
0,0.
10.2. 508.610
4
3
4. 2ZZ 0.0. 22.2
/
2.1L
0,0
2.1
7.10 167.38.9556
6,81
1.7
8,5
0,0
5,6
0.0
5.6
8
0 0 00
00
0,0
2.01
0.0
0.0
0
0,0
19. 25. 223, 36.6 539, 30
8 15.4. 00.15.H
20 00. 00
4
77
00. 77
L31
63.8
2.1 65.9
0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.D
0.0
0.0 0,0
5.6
0.0.
5,6
6
0.0
0,0: 00
0,0
0.0
12
203
0.0 20.5
5.6
0.0
0,0
5.6
0000000
3.
6.4
0,0.
_é.4
0.0
0. 2. 00
Q01l6
00. еa
6
11.6
0,0\1.6
10 00 0000
0
7
0
Q
0/000
0.02
0.0
2.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
10.6
0.0 10.6
2.0
00
12
5
R
149
0,0 14,9
Q
5
8,5
0.0 85
L
2713259458542/00,
1L
56| 0056
0.0
00|00
2 18.61.38.9100133.1952 63.436610014611
42 979
2./ 100.
Number
MAY
JUNE
JuLy
AUGUST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain I Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful! Total
/ Gertain Doubttul| Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
5
8,9
2.2 Hel
4.0
0,0
4,0
0.05.0
4,0
0.0, 0.0
14
6
20,0,11./.341
13.067 200
5,10
2
200.20.0420
Z
0.0.
55.0, 35.0
Hal
40. 8.0
5
0025,0 25,0
3536
10
R
1.9. 673.69,2
19192.211
0
00
0/00
0.01.0. 00
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0 00
0,0
0.0. A0
0000. 00
0.0
0,0
el
50.50
0,0
0.01
0.0-
2l
20. 00. 0,0
!!
244
0,0 24.4
010
2
00. 00
13.3
00 13.3
00
0
0.0
8,0
4,0
00 00 00
36
9 45 80,0 200 100.
19
0.0
L
4,0
8 32.0|
- 410
6 25 760/240 109
0.0
100
3.
Z
0,0
a0 0.0
0100
15.0
0.0 15,0
Q.0
10,0
0,0 /0.0
000
5.0. 0.0. 5.0
NN
e
3,8
00 3:8
3-8
0013,5
1,9
0.0 1. 9.
0,0 00. 00
713/20 /350 65.0/100,
7 45/52 /3.5/86.5/00.
SEPTEMBER
Number
OCTORER
NOVEMBER
PECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu!
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
33,3
0.0
33.3
0,0
0,0
0,0
3
3
0.0
8.8. 8.8
0,0
0.0
0,0
2
6 154.30.8 46.2
Z
2/ 20.6 41.2618
Q.0
0,0
0,0
2_27
≥7.15,4
14
5.
5
0.0,147 14.7
4
2
6
4
14.51
0.0 14,8
5
7.4.18.5 25.9
0,0.
0
0,0
0.0
6
22.2
00. 222
0.0
00
0.0
0,0
P.D
R.0.
0.0.
20 0.0
0
0,0
2.0
0,0
00. 0000
0
0
0,0
20 0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0.0
10.0
0.0
Z
fle?
0.0667
0.0:
2
0,0
2. 15,4
0.0.154
2.9
0.9
0.0 0.01
0 ° 00 00 a0 e
в 0 00 0 е
3.7
2.0. 3,7
0 0 00 00 00.
e 0
0.0 00
3
0.0
0.0. 0.0
° 3 231 90 231 4
0 0 00 00 00
° 4 118 co 1l3 6
0 6 222. 00.222
10.0 00 0.03
3M 00ML
3
1/00.01
0,0 100.
8
51/3 615/38.5/00, 12| 22|34 353 647100 22|52751,511%51100,
112

===== PAGE 122 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 3314, "method": "ocr", "page": 122, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Baltoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenoms.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
8- Unknown
2-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
/I-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clonds, Dust, etc.
E-insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
¡ 1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuftic. Into.
7-Psychological
9-Unknow
90ther
Total
TABLE A8
ENALUATION
OF ALL SIGHTINGS
BY MONTH DE YEAR,
1950
JANUARY
EEBRUARY
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
MARCH
APRIL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtul Total Cortain Dowstful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.
0.09,113
4
3
L9.1
3. 16 KL
4.2 223
3.4
00 34
5
1342/ 263684
7
9.1
12 1 212
8
8 1.1
0.0 1|.|
10.5
0.0 10,5
6 18.2
0.0
18.2
12
4 16 16.1
5.6. 223
0.0
0.0|0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 00
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.D
0.D
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
00. 40
0.0
0.0
0. 0
0.0
0 00
0.0
5.3
0.0
5.3
0. D.
0.0
33.3
0.0
0.8
0.D 333
13
0 13 181
0.0
0.0 18.1
8
0 00 0.020
2
2./10.5
15.3
0.010.5
0.0
5.3
3
3
0.0
0.Лl
O.D
9.1
9.11
0.0
9.J
15
0
0. 15 208, 0.0 20.9
4
4 00 5.6. 5.6
0000000k
3
3
4|33
4.138. 0.0/3.9
6.20.7, 0.020.?
0 0.8
000.0
0 0.0
00. 0.0
D.D
0.д 0.0.
8.22.6
0.0 27.6
1. 3. 00, 34
9.31.0
0.031.0
0 0.0
0.0 0.0
14
5
19.73.2/263/00.29
879
12./100.61
11 72 84.715.3 100.
| 29
0 29|100.01
0.0100.
MAY
_JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cant
[Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doultful Total Certain Doubthul Total
3
2
K.D
Н.4
0.971.4
0.8 4.2
2
2
8.d
2
4
0.0
15.0
5
0
5
0
0.0. 8.0
10.010.0.200
0.0
0.0 0.0
1 29.2 0.0 29.21
7
40 24.0280
0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
5.16.) 4.220.9
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0 0.00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
00
00.0
0
0000
0. 0.0
0.0 00
0. 0.1
0. 00.0
0.00.00.0
100000
aloo
a 4
16.04.020.0
0.0 0.0
a/a
0.8
0.0
_0.0. 20
2
0
0.010.0
0 0.0
0.0 0.0
2.292
_ 0.0 29.2
0
3
2
10.0
00
0.0. 0.0
0 0.0
02.10
0 0.0. 0.0,0.0
840.0
0.040.0
2
2186
0.038.6
4 16.7
0,016.2
MONO
0.0
08. 0.0
ogaN
8.0
- 0.0. 8.2
0.0
000.0
32.8
0.00.0
0.032.0
3 0015.0 /3.0
0 8.0
° 0.8 0.00.0
1.0
0.0 4.0
15. 5/2075.025.0100.
0 7 1asa 0.0 Vod. 23.
1124958 42100.
18
7 25 172.028.0180.
SEPTEMBER
ОстовЕв
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doil Total Certain Dottil Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtfull Total Certain) Doubtful Total Certain Doubitul| Total
0.0
0.0. 0.0
10.0
0.0.10.0
2
2
_ 8.8
8.7
8.7
2
4
6.5.12.9.19.4
5
38.5
0.0385
2 10.0.10.020.0
0 d
e.0.
0.0 0.0
10
7,17
2
2
2
32.3 22.6.54.9
15.41
10.15.4
1
0.0.10.010.0
3.2 0.0.3.2
0.0
00. 0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0 0.0
0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0
323.1
0.023.1
0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
8.0
0.0
00. 0.0
100
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0 0.0
Q
0.00.0
4.3
1.0 43
0.9
3.2
0.0
20. 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0.
0.0 0.0
0.0.3.2
9.7
0.0. 9.7
3
23.L
0.023.1
_ 660.00.060.01
0 9/39.10.039.1
1 2
0.0, 6.5
0.0
0.s 0.0
0 0 00 00 0.0.
0 / 4.3 00 4.3
6.5
0. 1 3.2 0.0 3.2
13
13k00.0 o.8/00.1
2|10|800.20.0/08. 13 10/23 |565|43.5100. 20|11|31 164.5/35.5|100.
113

===== PAGE 123 =====
{"alpha_words": 171, "chars": 2949, "method": "ocr", "page": 123, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Erduahon
'o Balloon
lAstonomical
2-Aurcraft
3-Lipht Phenom
4-Burds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insultic Mã.
2. Psychological
Total
Evaluation
0-Balioon
1-Astrosoaical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
i4-Bints
5-Clouds, Dust, elc
i6-Insuffic. Info.
L-Psychological
8- Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
¿-Light Phenom.
{4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
TABLE AL
EVALUATION
DE ALL SIGHTINGS BY MONTH OF YEAR,
MARCH
195/
Humber
JANUARY PerCent
_FEBROSARY
tumber
Per Cent
Hunsbes
Per Cent
Namber
APRIL
PerCent
"Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
¡ Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful, Totad
Certzin Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
2
74
7.4
3.7 14.8
14-8
L
6.7
0.0
0.0
6.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
13.313.3
16.1
16.7.33.4
e
0.0
0.0
0,0
2
7.4
185
2
0.0
200200
0.0
167
33.3
0.0 333
0.0
1.4
00
16-1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
o u
0.0
185
0.0
0.0
19
0.0
0.0
0.0
18.5
0.0
10
31.4
3.7
8 27/10.429.6100
110
0.0
0D
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0, 0.0
0.D
00
0.0
0.D
0.0
0,0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.066.7
0.0.311
NO
0.0
0.0
ao
746.1
0.0
0.0
0.0.467
3150.0
0.050D
alo
0.0
0.0
3.7
2 133
0.0 13.3
0.0
00.00
.0o
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0L
0.0
0.0 0.0
5 | 15/66.733.3100.
4
2
6/66.733.3100.
3
0 3 100.0 0.0l1B0.
Number
May,
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
PerCent
Momber
PerCent
Mamber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubttui Total Certain
[Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtel Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtil Totall Certain Douthu
Total Certain
T Dou betti, Total
2
H0.0
0.040.0
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.0
100
a0
3
11.L 222333
0
00
120.0
0.0 20.0
-
001LI
0.0
0.0
1100.0
aQ/00.0
5•0
0.60
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.020.0
20,0
00
2.000
0.0
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0
0.0
20.0'
0.020.0
e
0.0 00 00
0-0
00
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
333.3
11.1
0.0
0.0
10.0
5.0
15.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.D
0,0
0.0
0,D
3
15.0
0.0.15.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
4
5/80.0.20.01100
0.0
1100.0
0.0,100.
3
6
0.0|333
10
150.0
0.050.0
0.0 11.1
5.0
0.05.0
3: 966.133.3|100.
18
2
2090.0/0.0.100
SEPTEMBER
ОстоВЕк
NOVEMBER
Humber
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtfull
Total Certain Doubtful.
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain! Doubtful Total Certain! Doubttul Total Certain | Doubtel Total Certain Doubtful! Total
4
5.6
0.0
16.7
5€
2
7./
0.0
0.0
5.9
5.9
5/223
10|32
0.0
2
19.3
3.6 35.7
5.6
0.0
5.6
8
0.0
7. 214
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
5
0
13|47.0
2
29.4764
11.8
0.0118
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
211.1
00
0.0
0.0
Q
0.D
0.0 1L
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
000.00.00
8444 0.044.4
Q
9
0.0
0.0.
0.0
5.9
2111. 0.011.1
° 9,2 002)
0.0
5.9
0 0.0. 0.0 0.0
0032.1
0 00 0.000
0000000.
171
/ /8/994 5.6100.1251
3 28/89.310.7/100.
11
6 17/67.235.3 100.
DECEMBER
Per Cent
| Doubtful | Tota
9.1
0.0
9.1
18.2
36.4
9./ 22.3
0.0 364
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
9./
0.0
0.0
0.0
O.D.
9.1
0.6
| 9.1100.
114

===== PAGE 124 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 3331, "method": "ocr", "page": 124, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
'a Baltoon
Fi-Astronomical
: 2-Arecraft
13 Light Phenom
14-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc
G Insuftic hto.
7-Psychological
B-Unkerom
sOthe
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
,1-Astronomical
12-Aireraft
3-Light Phenom.
i4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16 Insuftic. Into.
{7-Psychological
8-Linknown
s-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircralt
,3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
it-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
TABLE ALO
ENALUATION DE ALL SIGHINGS BI MONTH
-DE
YEAR,
1452
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Number
MARCH
APRIL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubltul| Total Certain Doubttul| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfil| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfui | Total
0.0 6.7
1 56 00 56
3
4 |.I
1148
8
26.2
262.53.4
3
18
3
6
29
29 58
0.0
0.0. 09
4
2
3.11
15222 56 278
3.7
37
e
18
17.5 00. 1M.5
0.0
0.01
0.0
24.11./ 11.1.222
0.l
0.0
0.0
00
0-0.
0.0
0.01
0.b
13.3
00, 133.
po
osaa
11.1
2
2
133
0.013.3
5-
B82858
00, 0.0
14
0.0: 0.0
00
3.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.6
2.0.
0.0
0$ 278
858
0.0
0.0. 0.0
148
00 148
38
000-aa
13.3
0.0 133
Nir
15
00 11.1
10. 37 333.32.0
No -609-2
14.6
1.8. 224
1.0
2.9
00
- 1.0
1.0 39
0.0 0.0
0.0 9.7
_1.0
34
0.8 36.9
19
0.0. 19
4
15 733 26.2 180.
3 18 83.3 16.7100.
14
1327518482100-911 12/10388.4111.6/100.
MAY
Number
Per Cent
Number
, JUNE
JULY
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
ANGUST
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful" Total Certain
[Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful" Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total
19
133
3.5
168
26
| 32
148
3.4
182
88
5A 142 11.3
69
182
4|
9.1
10.3 19.4
16
17
3
8
36
18
14.2
1.8
168
24
17
41
13.6
9.7, 23.3-
99
34|33
12-1
4.3
17.0
43
26
69
10.8
66. 11.4
12
39
15.0
10.61
3
2.1
0.0
25.6
12
38
148
6.81
216 123
88 211
0.6
12
15.1
11.3
1.5
•5
270
45
43
20
88
114
108 222
2.1
6
0.0
0.0.
4
1.3
1.5
0.0
0.6
28
0.0
0.0
0.0
7.1
•5
-6
0.0
•5
• b
.3
0.0
,3
6
7.1
5.3
0.0
0.0
5.3
OD
0,0
0.0
0.0
20
33
20
11.4
0.0.
11.4
70
70
9.0
0.0
•8
90
2.3
2.3
6
15
1.2
2.0
35
8
93
88
0.0
8.8
23
20
9
94
20
17.7
0.0
11.2
33
188
0D 18.8
163
10
8.0
0.9
3.4
0.61
9.0
21
0.163
208
0.0
21
20.8
89
22
28
5
14
234
23)
0.0 23.4
1.3
36
19 113 83.2
16.81100.140
36 176 79.6 20.4 100.
593 189 782 75.8 24.2/100.
274| 123397697 313100.
SEPTEMBER
Per Cent
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul| Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain
Doubtell Toal Certain Dashi Total
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtfull
Number
Total
Certain | Doubts! Total Certain Doubtful Total
4
22
10
15
22
68
93.
8.
12 20
8.1
13/21.8
2
9
13,4
3
0.0
4.4
4.6
9
31
13.6
30
164
5.619.2
10
9
20
36
46
6.2
13
23
14.1
10.9
75
22.2 28.4
2
1.2
13
4
18
54
25.0
45
3
18
4./L
00
4.3
43
6
3
119
19.4
9.5
4.5
9.0
13
14
16.7 13.6.30.3
1.5.19.7. 21.2
1.50.0
2
3
1.2
18
1.5
54
0.0
0.6
4
1
4.3
0.0
1.1
0.6
1.1
1./
0
4
a 00
3.0
0.0
1.5
6.0
45
0.0
119
0.0
1/.9
0.0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
/Z
42
12
7.4
D.0.
7.4
4 4.3
0.0 4.3
0.0
60
0.0
60
4.6
0.6
0 00 00 00
4
| | 15 00 15_
0.0
4.6
0 0 00 0.000
2
42
8
259
10.6
0.025.9
0 1415.2 00 152 19.
0 19 284 20 28.4 22 0| 2233.4 0.033
3.1.
12
49
1.3 22 11 33
• 2 30 00 30|
3 0 3 46 00. 4.
991
163162611399.108.1501
42. 9254495.6 100. 1381 29 61 56743.3100.141 25|66/62/137.9|100.
115

===== PAGE 125 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 3422, "method": "ocr", "page": 125, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
o-Balloon
Il-Astronomical
7- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuftic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unkrown
19-Otrer
Total
TABLE AlL
EVALKATION
JANUARY
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
3
2
5
21
39
3.8
2516.
3
262.22.548.7
7.5.
8/1.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
8
5
0.0
10.0
2.5
13.8
6.2
0.0
10.0
2-5
0.0
1.3
13.8
7.5
//
_OF UNIT SIGHTINGS
EX MONTH DE YEAR, ALL
YERRS.
FEBRUARY
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Tota
7
10.9
0. 0
10.9
26
23.5
140.7
12
18.7
MARCH
APRIL
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtfull Total Certain Doubtted Tota
15
5
0
0 0
8
15.
12
7.5
1.9
1.4
7
3
4.9
2.12.0
12
14.0
11. 225.2
26
29
18.3
2. / 20.4
6.517.7
23
7
31 16•2
4.9
12.
0.0
8
0.0
0.0
8. 7
0.0
0.0
2.8
2.8
0.7
0.7
0.0
0.0
3,5
0.0
3
14.0
0.0
0
9
0.0
14.
0.9
21
17
0.0
10,9
4
15.9
0.9
0.0
'3.)
14.0
0.0
15.9
14.0
42
2
71
2
42
2
14.8
0. 0 148
1.4
0.0
1.4
29.6
0.0
29.6
1.4
0. 0.
1.4
56|24:80
70.0
30.0 100.
44
20164688
3/.3:/00.
36 107 66.4 33.6100.
1/28
14
1 42 90.1
9.9/100
Evaluation
0-Ballcon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insultic. into.
7-Psychologieal
8-Unknome
9-0ther
Total
Eraluation
D-Balloon
Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
a Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 insuffice tito.
7Psycholoricel
BUnknown
9-Other
Total
Number
MAX
JUNE
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
JUEr
AUGUST
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doustful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtfull Total Certain Doubttal Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doobted Total
18
| 23 12.0
3. 3 15.329
6
15.3
35 14.4
3.0.17.492
48 1 40 11.9. 6.2 181 39 42 81 87
23
9.4/8.1
8
3/
5.3|206 25
21 46.12.410.4 228104
44 14813.45.7191 47 64 111 105143248
18
15
33
5
112.0 10.022.0 30
13
43.149 6.5 214106
81187 13.7 10.5.24.2
48. 38
186/07
8.5 /92
3
2.0
1.3
3.3
2 0.5 0.510
14
4 18
1. 8. 0.5 2.3
7
14
2.0
1.3
1.6
2
2
1•3
0.0
0.010.0
3
0.4
0.4
8
L.6
3.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
.2
22
2
1.3.
0.0
1.3
0.0 0.
2
114.7. 0.014.723
0
0.1
0.2
0.2
22
2
0.0
23
0.0
10.1
00
11.4
0.6 11.4
81
8/ 10.5
0.0 |10.5
42
42
9,4
0.0.
9.4
0.00.0
3.0
9
8
171.27.0 22
11
02 2.4
23
7
23
0.0|15.338
3.0
0.0
27
15.3
0 38 18.9L
0.0
18.9
146
0 14618.8
2
0. 0 18.887
3.811
5
87 19.4
0.0 19.4
4.7 1 3 6.0
7
8 3.50.540
29
/303.71
0.11
16 2.1
4/ 3.5
11634/150 77322.7100. 22.7.100.15942/20179120.9100585|190|775|75.5 5851901775|75.5 245100
291
158 442648 35210D.
SEPTEMBER
OCTeBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain! Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfd| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain] Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain, Doubtful Total Certain Doubtel Total
13
17
9.98
1220
5.4
8.2 13.6
5
25
17
4.4 1D.0,142
30
13
41
6.8.
1L
15.6
5.7213.27
6.B
19
31
44
146.18.412.9 91.3
12
19
43
20.8 15 0 358 29
16L229 10 15
125 68 102170
8
19
9.2
6,7.15.9
6
8
1L2
23 | 52
4.74.79.4
22.8 18.1 40.9
12
20
9.4.15.4
0.51
10, 15
1.5
2
4
25
6.3
0.7
27. 3.4
0.2
3.3
0.8
0.0 0.8
10, 1.5
4
14
14 2.8
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
lil
05. 0.5
0.0
07, 0.7
2
2
00
10.4
10
6.8
5.8
1.2
20
1.7
2.00.0
10 10.4.
0 10
00. 6.8
3
58
9
7.
0. 0| 7/
3/16 00 16 1 0
07 00,071
1 08 00 08 20
216. 001.6
47
0 47 247. 00 24731.
8 3 11 42 16 58 3
1
3/211 80211 23: 2 192 00192 28 1 28 61 00181
в 63 0.0 6.3
1/29.63192672328100. 93154147633367.100. 79|41 120/659 342100 86 41 177 67.7 32.3100.
1ló

===== PAGE 126 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 2382, "method": "ocr", "page": 126, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
13-Light Phenom.
it Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
if Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
¿ Unknown
190 ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insultic Into.
7-Psychologicd
&- Unknown
Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phence.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-Insulfic. Into.
17-Psychologicad
o-Unlnown
sother
Total
TABLE ALL
EVALUATION
OF UNIT SIGHINGS BY MONTH OF YEAR,
1947
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
MARCH
APRIL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu] Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
DATA
DATA
MAY
JULY
AUGUST
Per Cent
PerCent
Centin Down Toll cenan outly Toll centi Doil Toal Certan only Told serbin Down Total certain Poet Tal cabin Double Total Certain bostil Total
6
0. 0 13.0
0.0
2
3
00/00
0
3
4
15.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
23.)
77
30.8
1.7
777.7
0.0
15.4
0.0
0. 0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0-0
0.0
23-1
0.0
7.7
D.0
30.8
9
0. 0
7.7
15
13.0
0.00.0
3
4.3
6.5 10.8
18.2
9. / 27.3
0.0
4.3
2.2
0,0
4.3
2
1.0
0,0
0.0
2.2
6
00
Ovio
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
6
0.0
13.0
0.D
10.0
0.0
13.0
0.0
4.3
19.6
4.3
0.0 19.6
15
32.6 0.0316
anoN
00000bs
9.0
0.0 0.0
noNos
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
18.2
0.00.0
0.0/0.2
0.0
0.00.0
1545
0.0 545
0.00.0 0.0
12
113
192.31
7.7100. 39
7
46 84815.2400.10
111909 91 100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NeVEMBER
DECEMBER
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful! Total Certzin Doubtful Total
Munber
Number
Certain Doubtful
0.0
[Doubtful Total
0.0
Certain
Total
Certain Doubtru! Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul| Total Certain Doubtful Total
0,0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0 0.0
0
0.0
0.0
16.7
0.0
0.0
16.7
8
2
10
61.5
15.476.9
0.00.00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
O/N
0.0
33.3 33.3 6.6
5
100.0
0. ° 100.0
010
0.01
0.0 0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0
0
0.00.0.0.0
p.0
0.0
0.0
$.0
0:0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
16.70.0/16.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
00b
Ow a
16.70.016.7
50.0 0.050.0
0.00.0 0.00.0
00
ox-
7.7
0.0
7.7
15.4. 0.0.15.4
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0000
0000
0.00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. 0.
0.0
33.3
0. 0 33.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.l.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
฿.0
10.4
0.00.0
0.0
0.0, 0.0
0
00 00 0.0
1..
0000
0.0
0.0
0.0
600
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0,0
- 0.0 0.0
0.0
6
6
10000.0 100-1I
2
7 3 846 15.4 100 2
1667 33370.10
D
5 100.00.0/100.
117

===== PAGE 127 =====
{"alpha_words": 180, "chars": 2927, "method": "ocr", "page": 127, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
lo-Balloon
•I- Astronomical
2-Aurcratt
13-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
i5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
Blinknown
sother
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
-Birds
- 5-Clovos, Dust, etc
E-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
• 9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aiscraft
7- Light Phence.
5 Clouds, Dust, elc
G-Insuflic into.
7-Psychological
B Unknoma
9-Otrer
Total
TABLE A13
EXALVAZION
OF UNIT SIGHTINGS BY MONTH DÈ YEAR ;
1948
JANVARK
FEBRUARY
Certain Doubtful!
Total
Certain
/ Doubtful
Total
Certain
Number
MaRCH
APRIL
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubthui Total"| Certain Doubtful Total
|Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.000 0.0
0
0. 0
0.00.0
2
20.0 0.0
20.0
50.0
0.0
25.0
75.0
2
5
0.00.0
60.0.40.0/00.0
0.0
1.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
9.0
al. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
16.7
0.0
0.0 167
9.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
00
Q. 0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2,0
8.3
8.3
50
0.0.
00
Q.0
0D 00
100000000
22.2
0.0 22.2
0.0 0.0
1.0
00. 00
0.0
0,0
-aw
0
0.0
22,2
1.0
11-1
0.0
00 Ul1
4
0.0 44.4 44:4
4
12166-7 333100
3
2
5 /60.0400 100.
5
4
9 55.6 44.41100
8
0000000 ou
0.0 20.020.0
30.0
0. 0 30.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
19.0
Rel 10.0
0.0.
10.0
1.0
0.0
0.0
e.0 10.0
8-2 9.0
10.0
1.0 /0.0
l,0
lil 0.0
2
10 800-20.0700
MAr
JUNE
Jutt
AUGUST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain| Doubtful Total Certain - Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
26.7
00
66.7
4
14.8
3.7. 185
2
2
0.0
20.0
10.0
10.0
10.0
1,0
20.0
0.0
4
8
2
20.0
14.8
14.8
2
20.0
40.0
10.0
2
9.0
20.0
2
14.8
29.6
7.4
0.0
22.2
20.0
2
20.0
3.7
0.0
10.0
10.0
3.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.7
3.
0
0.0
0.0
3
300
00
30.0
Q
0
0.0
0.0
10.0
00
10.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.
4
10
60.0
48.0100.
3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
3 10000.0100.
:19
5
0.9
0.0
0.0
18.5
0.0
3.7
0.0
в 27 70.4 29.6, 100.
0.0
0.0
18.5
3.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0 10.0
4
10400 60.0180.
SEPTEMBER
Number
OCTeRER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubttul
Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain) Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain) Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
2
2
0.0
33.3
33.3
3
3
0.0
16.7
16-7
3
150
15.0
30.0
15.0
20.0
2
4
5.0
7
5.9
11.8 17.7
2. 8.3
0.0
8.3
16•7
0.P
16.2
5.0
0.0
5.0
141.2
5.9
47.
2
8
8.2 33.3 41.6
23.5
0.0
0.0
0-0
5.0
235
5.0
0.0
0-0
4.3 4.2
0.0
0-0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0.6
2,0
5.
0.0
0.0
0,D
0.0
D.0
0.0
0
0
0
0. 0
20.0
5.
0
1167 41
16.7
0-0 0.00.01
0 00 00 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
10
2 10.0 0.0 10.0
0 00 00 0.0
e
16.7
116.7
0 0 02 00 00
15.9 00 5.9
00
100/0
0.0
9.0
0.0
12.5
0.0
0.012.5
0 00 09 00
6 25.0 0.0 25.0
2 8.3 0.0 8.3
2
4
6
133346-7100. 13
7 20/650/ 35.0 100.141
3 77 82-917.61208-175
9 2462537.51/00.
118

===== PAGE 128 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 3045, "method": "ocr", "page": 128, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
: 1-Astronomical
, 2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
16- insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
gOter
Total
G-Balloon
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
A-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insultic. Into.
7-Psychological
|8-Unknown
90ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
-bitos
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6Insuffic. Info.
J-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE
R14
EKALLATION
DE UNIT SIGHING S
BY MONTH
OF YEAR, 1949
JANUARY
Number
Per Cent
FEBRUARK
MARCH
APRIL
Certain Doubtful!
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
Fertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfil| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful"| Total
0.0
5.6
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
5.6
2143)
0.0. 14.3
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
/
5.3
0. 0 5.3
8
//.!
2
6
8
14.3
42957.2
4
0.
Q
33.3.44.4
5
22.21
5.6 27.8
7.1
0.0
0.0
7.1
0.0
4.0
9.1
0.0
0•0
0. 0
0.0
Q
0.M
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. 0
0.0
0.Q
0. 0.
0.0
A-0
7.L
0.0
0.0
D.C.
7./
0.
A.0
0-0
00
00
16.7
0.0
16.7
7.1
0.0
7.1
3.6
0.0
5.6
L
7.1
0.0
00000000€
18|226 35.5581
6-5
NO
0.0
1.0
6.5
6.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
12.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0112.9
5
0.0
16.1
0.0
0.0
16.1
0.0
0.01
0.0
amonadet
0000000-
3
в 36.5.
5.3 42.1
10•5
0.0 10.5
0.B
0.0. 0.1
0.0
0.0.0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0
26.3
0. 0 26.3
0.0
0.0
15.8
0.0
15.8
D.0 0.00.0
10
18|55.6
44-4100.
8
614571429100.
20
31 64535.5|/00.18
19|947 5-3/100.
MAY
Number
Certain, Doubtful Total
4
3
1/
32
40
JUNE
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Juar
Number
Per Cent
Number
AUGUST
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul
10.0
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
17-5
2.5
12.5.
5.9
5.9
0.0
0.0
100 27.5
5.9
17.6
23.5
5
6•2
6.2
0.0
31.23.2
10.0
7.5
17.5
5.9
11.8
3
0.0
18.8
18.8
30
31
2
3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.6
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
2.0
0.0
0.0
6.2
6.2
27.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
27.5
2
11.8
0.0
11.8
18.8
0. 0 18.8
0.0
0
2
0.0
0.0
5.9
15.0
15.0
5.9
0•0
0.0
0.0
35-3
0.0
0.0
35.3
5.9
0.0
5.9
90.0.20.0|100.13
4
17 76.5123-5
100.
Q
2
7
0. 0
0.0
2
2
12:5
12-5
6-2
6.2
9
16|43.856.2108.
7
5.
2.6
0.0
0.0.
0.0
2.6
1.0
32|39 17.982./ 100.
SEPTEMBER
Number
OCTOBER
Number
NOVEMBER
Per Cent
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful!
Total
Certain
Doubtful Total | Certain | Doubtful Total Certain I
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
33.3
0.0
0.0
33.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.8
0.0
3
4
6.7
6.7
6.7
0.0 67
0.0
11. /
33.3
44.4
4
26-7
46.773.4
13.3
26.7,40.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
/1./
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
22-2
0.0
6•7
6.7
13.3
0. 013.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
9. 0
1.0
0-9
Q.
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0•0
0.0
0.0
46.7
0.2
0.0
0.0 667
12.2
22.2
0.0
00
0,0
9.0
6.7
6.7
100
0.0 Del.
2
D.0
0.0
0 0 00 0.0
0 00 0.00.0
0 0 00 00 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
/ 11.10.011
0.0
00
0.0
0 0 0.0 0.00.0
° 21930013.3 3
3 20.0 0.0 29.0
3 8 2 13.3 0.0 130
31
3
100.0i
5
419556444100-16 9 15 400600100.711
4 75 733 267,100
119

===== PAGE 129 =====
{"alpha_words": 154, "chars": 2971, "method": "ocr", "page": 129, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
la-sailoon
1-Astronomical
12-Arscratt
3-Light Phenom
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
If Insuffic into.
7-Psycholopical
t-Unknom
9-Other
Total
TABLE RIG
EUALUATION
DE UNIT SIGHTINGS BY MONIA DE YEAR,
1950
JANUARK
FEBRUARY
Humber
Number
MARCH
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certam Doubttuly Total
Certain Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful] Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
v.0
0.0
3 16.7. 0.0.167
5
6|13.5
2.716.2
5.3
0.0
5.3
8
3
50.0
18.8 68.8
2
6
I//./
22.233.3
4
10.8
0.0
10.8
4
21.1
0.0
21.1
12.5
0. 0 /2.5
4
122.2
v.0
22.2
4
1/
00
18.1
10829.7
4
21.1
0.0
2/1
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.01
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0-0.
D.0
0. l
0.0
0.0
0.000
0,0
0.0
0.0
8.0
0.0
0.0
2
0.0
6.2
6.2
0.0
0.0
6.2
5.
6
0.0
0.2
6.2
0.0
6.2
13
3.
16
81.218.8/100.
2
2
14
0.0
0.0
2
11./.
0.D
11.
4 18 77.8 222/00. 28
4
8
4
4
21.6
0.0
0.0
21.6
3
15.8
00
0.0
15.8
0. D
5.3
5.3
10.8
0.0 10.8
0.0
00 31.6
10.в10.8
3/. L
0,0
0.0
9
37
75.1 24.3, 100.
19 100.0/0.0100.
Evaluation
10-Balloon
I1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
;3-Lipht Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuftic. Into.
:7-Psychological
B-Unknow
19-Other
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
11-Astronomtical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
17-Psychological
B-Unknown
rother
MAK
Number
JUNE
Number
Per Cent
JuEr
Number
Per Cent
-00k
114.3
2. 14.3 14.3 28.6
01000.0.00
0 00 0.00.0
00000. 0.0
0 0.000 0.0
228.6. 0.0 28.6
0 0.0 0.0
0.0
/ 19.3
0.0.14.3
Noboo
0.01 14.3 14.3
21
7714286100 T
4 667
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
4
0.0
00.
10.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0.°
0.0
0.0
0.0
33.30.0
0.0
0.0
33.3
0.8
6 700. 0.0 100.20
| 33.3
19.0
0.0.33.3
0.0
4.823.8
0.000
0.0
0.0
10.0
0.0
4 12.0
0.8
0.0
11.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
4 19.00.0
0.00.0
19.0
0.0
/ 2195.2 4.8 100.1
16
Number
AUGUST
Per Cent
8.7 0.0 8.7
6,
4.3. 26.1.30.4
17.4
4.3 21.7
0.0
00,00
0.0
0.l 0.0
0 0 0
Q
0.0
2
8.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.0
26.1
0.0 26.1
14.3
0.0 4.3
5
7 23 69.6 30.41000
Total
SEPTEMBER
Number
Per Cent
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
tumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtrui Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful
Number
Per Cont
Total
Certain Doubtfud Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.0: 0.0
10.0 00 10.0
2)
2
0.0 /3.3
4 6
D.P 38.5
2 10.010.0 20.0
13.3
9
31
8.3
16. 7, 25.0
0.0
0.8
1237.5 12.550.0
3
0000000m
5 3851
2 15.4. 00.15.1
0 00 00 0.0
0. 00,0.0
0.01
20.0.0
23./ 0.0 23.1
0. 0. 0.0
0.0
3 23.1 00 23.1
9.0
0.0
0.0
Q
10 o
0000
0.010.0 11.8
8.0
0.0 4.0
0.0
1.0
00
0.0
0.0 00
4.0
0 01 00
0.0
6 60.0 0.0 60.01
000.0 00 00.
00000004
0.D
13.3
267 40.0
4.2
0.0
0-0
0.0 0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0 0
0.0
4.2
0.0
0.0
0-0
0.0
1.0
0.0
6.7
0.01
0.0.
0.0
6.7
0,0
33.3
0.0.
0.0 333
1 6.7.0.0.67
g000°
1.0
4.2
0.0
0.0
4.2
4.2
0,01
14.2
8.3
8.3
_0 4.2
0,0
0.0 4.2
13
0|23|100.00.0V00. 8]
210/80.020.0/100.71
4 75 173.3 26.7100. /71
_7 24 70-2 29.2198.
120

===== PAGE 130 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 3082, "method": "ocr", "page": 130, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
I0-Balloon
'1-Astronomical
12-Aurcraft
13- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
¡ 6 insuftic into.
7-Psycholopical
8-Unkrown
4Oter
Total
it-Balloon
2-Aircratt
3-Lipht Phenom.
(4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
7-Psychological
{B-Unknown
190ther
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13- Light Phenom
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insutfic. Into.
2-Psychological
B-Unknow
19-Other
Toral
TABLE Alle
EXALUATION DE UNIT SIGHTINGS BY MONTH DE YEAR,
195/
JANUARY
Number
Per Cent
FEBRUARY
MARCH
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total
Certain
Number
APAIL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total
3
10.5
53|15.8
11.1
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0.
3
5.3. 10,5 15.8
2
0.0
0.0
22.2/22.2
16.7. 16.7 33.4
0.0
2
0.0
10.5|10.5
0.0
3
33.3|33.3
0.0 16.7
16.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
comba
ONN
0 0 0
• 0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.
26.31
0.0 26.3
erio
0.0
0.0
263
0.0
0.0|26.3
00/0000
0.0
0.0
1.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
/IlI
00 //./
00la
060
0.0
0.0
Q.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. 0
3.0
0.0
0.03
0. 0.
0.0
50.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
50.8
0000000
53
6.0
5.3
2
3.
222.2
0.0 |22.2
0.01
00
1.0
141
5
19 7372663 100•1
4
5 9 441 55.6 /0V.
4
2
6166.7 33.3/00.
3
33.
•3
0.01
90a moloo
1888
33,3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.C
3880
0.0 66.7
0.0. 0.0
lil 0.0
0.0 0.0
0 3/140.9 00.100,
MAY
Per Cent
Number
He JUNE
Per Cent
Number
JULY
Per Cent
Number
AUGUST
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain
240.01
0.0
40.0
00
0.9
[Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. D
0.0
c.C
0.0
1.0
2
122 33.3
5.9
5, 9 11.8
0,0
20.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
20.0
1022).
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.00
0.0
1l./
0.0
0,0
0.0
5.1
D.0
0.0
3
59
C.C
20.y:22.6
0
20
11.8
17.7
0.0
0.P.
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
G.v
L0.D
4.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
00
0.0
0.0
0. 0.
0
0.0
0,0
0.0
3
V.G
0. 0.8
20.0
0,0 0.0
0.0
0.0
11.
200
3
11.1
0.0 ke
0.0
333
0. 0 33•3
3
7
17.6
0.0
7. 6
0.0
0.0
0.0
41.2
0.0
5.9
0. 0 41.2
00.
00 00
V.0
0.0 11.1
0.0|5.9
4
5
80.0
20.01700.
100.0
4.0
00.
6
3
166.7 33.3 100.
15
2
17
88.2
| 11.8100.
SEPTEMBER
Остова
NOVEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtfull
Total Certain| Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain] Doubtful! Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
2
5.9
0.0
11.8
5.9
5.9
4.2
0.0 4.2
0.0
7
25.0
4.2
29.2
4
6:2
6.2
9.1
17.7
8
0.0.
13|50.01
5.9
5.9
2
6
16-7
8.3
25.0
25.0 75.0
9.1
8.0
12.5
0.0. 12.5
2
4
3 18.2
9.1 27.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.36.4. 0. 1 36.4
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
050
0.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
1.0
1.0.
0. 0, 0.0
0.
0.0
0.0 e.0
0.00.0
0.0
11-8
0.5 /1,B
0.
0.0
0.0
6.2
0.0
D.C
0.0. 6.2
9.1
0.0
9./
100
0.0
0.0
1.0
47.1
0.0 47.1
1!1.8
0.0 118
00p
l.l.
0.0 0.0.0.0
0.0 00 0.0
L
9
-I•L
37.50.0.375
A 0.00.0
9./ i
191 4.
14.2 0.0 4.2
0 00 00 0.0
_0 00
_ 0.0 0.2
16
1719415:9 100.271
3|24 875125100 71 5 76/68.8 312100.7011 |11909 91100.
121

===== PAGE 131 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 3418, "method": "ocr", "page": 131, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Baltoon
; 1- Astronomical
12-Aurcraft
13- Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
Total
carlor,
0-Balloon
1-Astronomica!
12-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
A-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
18-Unkno me
9-Othes
Total
TABLE AL_
EXALUATION OF UNIL SIGHTINGS BY MONTH DE YEAR, 1952
JANUARY
FEBRUARK
MARCH
Certain Doubtu Total Certain outly Total Cerain Doubtl Total certain Doubtl Total
Number
Per Cent
Numbe
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certaia Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total
6.70.0 6.7
4
i 26.7. 26.753.4
D000poo
е.
0.0. 0.00.0
00. 00. el
108
0.0 el
0.0
0.0
DO 0.0
1.3.3
0.0. 13.3
13.3
0.013.3
213.3 00 13.3
NANDONEt
15.6 0.0 5.6
4
5. 22.2
5.6 27.8
00D0DON
_ 4 11/ 1/1 22.2
0.0 0.0 0.0
leP
0.0 0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
1 5.60,0
5.6
0 0.00.0
0.0
5 27.8|0.0|27.8
0 211.100 /1
HONONOW
9000 soNo
#12.5 4.216.7
14.2
0.0
3
4.2
5 12.5. 8.3 20.8
0. 0 0.0
4.2
0.0
D.0
4.2
4.2
l.l
0-0
4.
4.
0. 0
4
_16.7
0.0
1L.7
7. 4.2. 25.0 29.2
32
Z
111
4. 151733267/100.
15
3. 1883316.71100.
14
1024583417/108180
6o000svoa
3.3
3.3|6.6
16. 5. 0.0 16.5
100+-3
14-3
7.7 22.0
0.0
1.1
4.4
0.00.0
0. 0/11.0
0.0
32
0. 0 35.2
2 2.2
0. 0 2.2
9/87.9//2.1/100
Mat
Per Cent
TUNE
JuLx
AUGUST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtrul Total Certain Doubtful! Total
M Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
15
12.5
4. 5/7.0
21
6
27
13.0
3.7
16.7
14
12
2
16
15.9
2.3
18.2
4/
121
24
13.6
13.6
27.2
17
26
12
36
14.7
10.6| 25.5
7.5
23.6
3.4
ба
90,
12
H7
127
12.2
7.2 19.4
36
30,
120
13.7
18.3
39
75
10.3
11. 2 21.5
4.6
4A
25
66
11.7
72 18.9
73,170
44
75
9.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.4
14.8
125.9
34
21.4
0.0
7.3
0.0
2.3
0. 6
0.0
0.0
0.!
4
0.6
5
/1
11.7
1.8
.4
1.7
3
9.0
4
0.5
1-4
0.0
D.0
0.0
0.0
6
68
0 0 6.8
18
0.0
0.
18
68
2
0.2
0.0
0.0
14
15.9
0. 0 15.9
8.0. 1.1.9.1
26
5,
2.5
2616./
3.
Q.0
11.2
2.5
5
68
0.0
9
00
16.1
14
10.4
1.
4
123
0/2318.8
0.6
3.7
/L
12
1.7
0.2
0.
0-0
11.4
0. 8
2.2
18.8
1.9
0
32
8
67
0.0
0.3
0.3
32
9
9.2
0.0
9.2
2•3
0.3
2.6
0.2
0
4
67/1.2
13
2.6
0.0192
1.1
3.7
691
19.8828.421.6100.125| 36 16177.6/22.4100. 494 162 656|75.3) 24.7|/00.
239
110|349
685 31.5 100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
Einsuftic. Into.
1-Psychological
&-Unknewn
90ther
Total
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtfui
Total
Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
4
22
15
2-7
15.0
7.5.10.2
31
6121.1
3.
10
9.12
4.2 12.716.9
3.7
14.8 18.5
2
2
0. 0
9, 19 14.1
12.726.8
2
8/10
9.3
9.3 18.6
4.2
4.2
9
187.14.633.1
3/ 40|
6.1
211.27.2
16
1115
5.6
15.5 2|1
6
5.6
5.6
12
2.1 22.9250
L
3'
0.7
1. 4. 2.1
4
0-0
5.6
5.6
1
3.7
1.9
5.6
0
2.1
0. 0
2.1
2
30.71.4.2:1
1.4
1.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
10.0
0.7|07
/
0.01.4
2
12
4
0.0
lil
3.7
3.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
12. 8.2
0.0 | 8.2
4
5.6
7.4
7.4
00
6.2
1 07 00 8.7
5.6
0 0 0.00.000
#
4
0.0
6.2
о . 1.20.0 1..
0 00,00
33
6i
33/22.4. 0.0.22:42
0 1L155 0.0 /3.5
16 0. 1629.6. 0.0 29.6
0 11 22.9 0.0 22.9
2 8 41 14 5.5
1 3 28 1.4 4.2
2 0 2 3.7. 00 37
0, 3 6.20.0 6.2
89/58/147/685|39.5/10035| 36/21/493507|100. 35|19| 54/648|35.2100 28/20|48 58341.7|100
122

===== PAGE 132 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 3353, "method": "ocr", "page": 132, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
/0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom
4 Birds
§Clouds, Dust, etc
Glasuffic Into.
2-Psycholopical
Total
TARLE AIR
JANUARY
EVALVATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY MONTH OF YEAR, ALL YEReS
FERRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
3
15.
6
2
16
3
481
Per Cent
i Doubital Total
5
431
72
3/ 21.422.9. 443
8.6, 4.3,12.9
0.0:
00.
00
0.0
0.0
No No
11. 4.
0.0. 11.4
2.0.
1.9
00
12-9
7.1
1.4. 8.5
6
No04o00nt
109. 00/10.9
210
9.6
2.4 12.0
12 23 20.0 21.8 41.8
_ 10 22 145 120 26.5
510
9.1 9.118.2
0
0.0-
0.0
EN
20
2
9
5.5. 1.67.1
2z15.01
2.4 17.4
00
0.0
03
20 8:5
0.0 0.0
6109 00 109
000100y
15
9.6
8.4 18.0
0,0
0.0
3.6
0.0
00 36
00
12.0
1•2 1.2
00 12.01
0,0. 00_
0.0
000 ONW
27 15.7 5.5/212
0.8
00, 1.8
4 2.4
0.8. 3.2
0
0.0.
0.0 bel
21. 16.5 00.16.5
0.0. 1.6.
13 15.7
0.0
15.72
1.6
39 30.7 0.0 30.7
0. 2 12.7 00 12.7
8 9 1.2 9.6 108
2 0 2 16 00 1.6
70/68.6.31.4100.
138 17 5569.130.9100155 28/83663 337/00.44 13 127 89.8 10.2100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Binds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic. Into.
I7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
MAY
Number
Per Cent
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Totai
Certain | Doubtfull Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfal Total
17
70
13.2
2.3
15.5
28.
5 33 1
15.3
2.7/8.0
7H
HI 115
11.6
6.418.0
39
39
78
9.6
9.6 19.2
22
28
17/
4.7
11.8
17, 39/2.01
9.3 2/.3
58
38. 96
9.1
6.0
15.1
45
10.6
11.1212
13
2
30
/3.2120.1
23.3
22
78
12
43
88
40 /5.3
6.6 21.9
94
72|166 14.7
11.3 26.0
5
1.6
0.5
4
1 40
0.6
47
35
82
6
17
11.5
8. 620.1.
2.3
3.9
0.5
17
1.6
1.0
0.5
2.6
1•5. 3.0
2
C.0
1.6
6.0.
00
3
1•5
0.0
0.0
1.0
2
0.0.
16
16
0.01
0.0
0.2
0.4
0.0
0.0.
181
18
12:40
6.0l
14.0
4.7
0.0-
124
22
12.0
0.0
0.2
0.0
0.0.12.0
0.01
74
074
111.6
3.3
3.3
0.0/11.6
0
0. 2
0.2
40
40
9.8
0.0
0.2
9.8
8 16_
1.3
1.3
2.6
//
0.0. 14.0
1.6
6.3
33
8
18.0
0.0 18.0
3.8
0.5
4.3
12/
24.
10
2.5
2.7
0 12/ 19.0
0.0 19.0
79
19.4
0.0 19.4
125
0.2
4.0
29
3.8
//
16 | 2.7
1.2 3.9
10/L
2812978521:71100.147 36 183/80.3/19.7/180.
470 1686387372631000
1275/32 407 67.632.4108.
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic. info.
1-Psychological
B-Unknown
Rother
Total
SEPIEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain | Doubttul
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful!
Total
Certain | Doubtful
Total
[Certain Doubttuil
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
12 /8
3.6
7.2
10.8
12, 20
6.4
9.6 16.01
5
914
8.5
13.21
5.7
4.810.5
18
13
9
27
10.8
5.4 /6.2
27
40
8
16.3.24.1
3
15
9
18.33
4.7
72.014.4264
7/
14.21
18
20
7.2
15|36
19.8
34.0
6.17
10.4
0.8
8.816.0
2.4
5.7/6./1
16
//
34
18
17./
15.232.3
6.7
10.5 17.2
2
6
1.2
1.2
1.8
1.8
1.6
1.6
2.8
0.9
3.7
/
1.0
2
0.0
3
4
3.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.6:
2
0.6
0.0
0. 8
0.8
2
0.0
19
111. 4
11.4
10
2.10
0.0
0.0
19
0.0.
8.0
00 8.0
6.6
1.9
1.9
0.0. 6.6
9
0,0.
0.0
в.
0.0: 8.6
1.8
0.0. 1.8
0 / 08
00 0.8.
/ 0.9
0.0. 0.9
21.9
0.0 / 9
NO
3
4225.3
0.0 25.3
10 4.8
1.2
6.0
30
2
0 30 240 00 24.0 21
0 21 19.8
0.0 19.8 7Z
e 2221.0
| 0.0 21.0
1 3 16 0.8. 24
O # 3.8. 0.0 3.8
0. 8
| 7.6
0.0 7.6
'' 55,166 66.9. 33./1100.
78. 47/12562.4.37.6100.7333 106 689 311|198 73 32105 69.5 30.5100.
123

===== PAGE 133 =====
{"alpha_words": 183, "chars": 2397, "method": "ocr", "page": 133, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
• 1-Astronomical
2-Aurcraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, elc.
6 Insuftic Into.
7-Psyctolopical
8-Unknown
9Other
-Total
Evaluation
i0-Bailoon
¡1-Astronomical
'2-Aircraft
,3-Lisht Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuffic. Into.
¡7-Psychological
B- Unknown
s-Other
Total
Evaluation
LO-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenoms.
A Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc
(6-Insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
B Unknown
9-0thes
Total
TABLE ALL
EVALVATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY MONTH OF YEAR,
1947
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
MARCH
Number
Per Cent
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtfül Total Certain Doudital| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtfel | Total
NO DATA
Number
..MAY
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
Per Cent
Number
JULY
AUGUST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain, Doubtful|" Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total
77
Certain Doubtful!
Total Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain. Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
7.7
0
6
15.0
0.01
5
15.0
5.0
7.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
7.7
/2.5
10.0
10.020.0
2
3
U
e
15.4
0. 0 15.4
2
0.0
5.0
5.01
0.0
0.0
2.5
0.0
0,0
2.5
0.0
0
.0
Q
0.0
6.0
23.
7.7
30.8
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0
0,0
0,0 23.1
15.0
7.
2
0.0
0.0 15.0
0.0
7
20.0
5.0
0.0
0.0
30.
20.0
5.0
20 100
60.0
0.0
7.
V
10
10
25.0
0.0 25.0
0.0
0,0
Des.
00
0.0 20.0
0.0
0.0.60.0
0.00.0
12
1/3|923
7.7700.
33
7
40
182517.5/00
9
10
190.0.10.0V0D.
SEPTEMBER
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain? Doubttul
Total
0.0
0.0
20.0
0.020.0
0.0
0.0
0./
0. 0
2,0;
20.01
/ 20.0
40.00
0.01
0.0
0.0
2. 0
0.0
0.020.0
0.0 20.0
0.040.0
0.0|0.0
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain| Doubtful Totai
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful|
Number
Per Cent
Total
Certain| Doubtful Total | Certain | Doubtful Total
0
0.0
0.0
0. 0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
2
16.7
33.3.500
33.3
33.3 66.6
2
2
1 00.0
0.0100.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
33.3
333
0.0
0.0
0.0
9.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
00
0,0
90
0.0
0.0
D.0
0.0
00
00
D.D.
0.0
0.
116.7
2.01/6.7
2 33.3. C.D 33.3
0 00 0.p 0.0
0
000
0.0
0.0
0.0
D.0
0.0
0.0
e.0,
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
also
0.0
00 00. 00
00 o
0.0
0.0. 10
0,0.
00 00
0.0. 0.0
5
5 1000
0.0100 14
2666-7 333/700
3
166.7 333/00.1
0
2/100.0
0.0 100.
124

===== PAGE 134 =====
{"alpha_words": 175, "chars": 3147, "method": "ocr", "page": 134, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
l0-Balloon
-AstronomIcal
12-Arrcratt
3-Liett Phenom.
Ia-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16 Insuffic no.
i7-Psycholopicat
B-Unkromn
Total
TABLE ALO
EVALUATION OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY MONTH DE HEAR, 1948
JANKARK
FEBRUARY
MARCH
PerCent
Humber
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain | Doubttul| Total
Certain
[Doubtful Total
Certain Doubthul "Total
0.0
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.05
0.01
0.0
0.0
Z
0.0
0
0.0 200
40.01
0
0.0
0.0
20.0
30. 0 70.0
5
60.0
40.0/00.0
2
28.6
00 28.6
0.0
20.0
20.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
2.0
l.0.
3
30,0
0.0|300
2.0.
D.P.
0,0
0,0
0.0
00.
0.0
0.0
0.0
10/0
p0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0:
20.
0.0
0.2
0.010.0
2
2
00.
0.0.
0.0
2.0
0,4
1.0.
20.0
0,0
0.00
1.0
00.20.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
00
28.6
0.0. 25.6
p.0
0.0 10.0
0.0.0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0,0
2,0
0.0
10. 0.0
0.0
l.D
0.0
14.3
0.0.143
10.0
00|10.0
10.010.0
0
00.
2,0
0.0
28.6.78.6
P.0
00 D.0
6
10
60.0. 40.0100.
3
2
5
60.040.0100.
2
7
71.4
28.6100.
10 80.0. 200100.
Evaluation
I0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
i3-Light Phenom.
+ Burds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
iG Insuftic. Info.
17-Psychological
&- Unknown
90ter
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astrononical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Glouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Into.
17-Psychological
8 Unterown
20tres
Total
MAK
JUNE
JULY
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Muraber
PerCent
Mumber
AUGUST Per cont
Certain Doubttul| Total Certain, Doubtfull
Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubttal Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthel Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
66.7
10.0
10-0.70.0
0.0
0.0
66.7
2
8.3
4.2 12,5
2
2
00. 200.200
10.0.
0.01
0,0l
3
12.5 16.7 29,2
4 20.0
20.0 40.0
0.0: 10.0
0.01
0.0 0.0
e.0
20.0.
20.0
L
2
6
116.7
8. 3 250
2
10,0
10.0 200
0.0
33.3 33.3
4.7
20.
0.0.
0,0
10.0
10.0
0,01
0.0
0.0
H.Z
4.2
0.01
Dil.
0.0
2,0
0,0
0.0
3.
00.
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
30.0
6.0 30.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 10.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0l
0.0
0,0
00.
0.0)
0.0.
0,0
0.0
90.
0,01
5
C
5
0.0
00
00
L
10,0
0.0.10.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.8
0,0
0.D.
P.D.
209
0.0
0.0.
0.0
42l
001
422
0,0
10.010.2
4.10
60.0. 40.0100.
1 3
1667
33.2100.
i/6
8 24 66.7 333/08.
4
6
10 400.60.0100
SEPTEMBER
Number
Per Cent
OCTeGER
NOVEMBER
Number
Per Cea!
Humber
Per Cent
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful Tota Certain
Number
[Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubttul| Total Certain| Doubtfal" Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain DoubtisiTotal
2
2
2.0
33.3
333
3
115.0
15.0.30.0
L
2
3 5.9.11.8 11.8.17.7
/0.5
0. 0. 10.5
0,0
4.71
16.7
0.0
16.7
4
5.0
15.0.20.01
4
841.2. 5.9.47.1
4
167
6 10.5 21/31.6
0. 0 5.0
4 23.5
0,0 23.5
0.0 5.3
00
0.0
0.0
0,0
5.0
5,3
00 5.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.0
5.010.0
0
0.D.
D.D
1.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0.
0,0l
0,0
0,0
20.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
00 20.0
5.9
0.0. 158.
16.7.
0.0.
16.7
О.0.
0.0
00
4
5.9
00.
15.8
0 0 10 00 00.
0 00 00 00
2 10.0, 00100 0
0 0 0.000. 0.0
00 16.7. 16,7
00. 00. 00
0 1 5.9 00 59
2
в 31003 00263
5 763 0.026.3
2
4
133.3/66.7/00. 13
7/20/65.035.0/00.174 3/782.417.6/100.14
5 19 73.7 26.3100.
125

===== PAGE 135 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 3071, "method": "ocr", "page": 135, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
1O-Balloon
i1-Astronomical
2-Aurcralt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Into.
(7-Psychological
18-Untnom
Other
Total
@-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenon.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuftic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
5-Otres
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenome.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16-Insuftic. Into.
2-Psychological
B-Unknown
9Other
Total
TABLE A21
EXALKATION
DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY MONTH OF YEAR, 1949
JANVARY
FEBRUARY
MAREK
Numbes
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul, Total Certain
| Doubtful
Total Certain
Duital Tol Certain Lost Tolar
Number
Per Cent
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.0
6.2
5
7
17-5
6.2
31.2.437
NiN
0 2 183 00 18.2
0
0.0 00
5.6
4| 6 18.2| 36.4 546
-
5
25.0
6.231.2
0 1 9.1
IP.0
19.1
00000bb
No 000s
0.0
00.
0.0
0,0
lil.
0.0
10
0 e
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.0
Q0 0.0
0.D
0.0. 0.0
/2.5
0 0 001
0.0.
0.0.12.5
0. 00. 00
6.1 0.0. 6.2
L
0 1 9/ 00. 91
NON*
0.0
1.05.6
000000009
21.1. 47.468.5
6
33.3. 5.6.38.9
10.5
D.D 10.5
0. 0
001 0.0
0:0/105
0.0. 0.0
00 3.3
0.0
0.0
00 5.3
8-D
0.00.0
Q
0 00 0 000
0.0|11.1
0.0. 0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0. 9.D
0.0 27.8
a0. 0.0
0.016. 7
0.0
0.0
9
7176/56.2 432/007
4/11 636 364/00.1091/952647.4100
17
118 94.4 5.6100.
Number
Mar
Per Cent
JUNK
Certain Doubttul
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
JunK
Per Cent
Number
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful! Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain| Doubttul Total Certain | Doubtfal Total
4
13.8
0.0
13.8
8.3
0.0
20.7
3
4.
6.7
0.1
0.0
D.D
6.927.6
4
3
13.8
10.3 24.1
8.3
8.3
25.0 33.3
4
Q.0
26.7 26.7
17
4.0
64.01
0.0
8.3
в.3
16.6
0.0
20.01 20.0
4.0
0.0
0.0
8.0
68.8
7.0
0-0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.01
00
6.
6.7
0.0
0.
0.0.
0,01
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.D
5
7.2
002 17.2
16.71
67
8.3
00
el
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
2
2
0.0.
20.0
0.0
00 20.0
8.0.
0.0
00
0.0
B.0
0.0
8. 3
0.0
0.0
0.0
8.0
00
17.2
2,0
8.1
0.0
0.0.17.2
0.0
8.3.
8.3
13.3.
13.3
4.0
0,0
0.0
8.3
L
6.7
0.0
4.0
0. 0 8.3
6.7
0. 0 0.0
24
5 29
828.17.2(100.
8
4
1/2
66.71
33.3/00.
8
15 46.7
53.3/00.
7
18|26/28.0
| 720100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful|
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubttul
Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
33.3
0.0
33.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
8.3
8.3
6.7
4
0.0
0.0
33.3
2
6
/3.3
67
0.0
0.0
3
4
//.1
33.3
44.4
8
0.0
0.0
0.0
22.2
33.3
4
0.0
8.3
66. 6
8.3
13.3
26.639.9
2
0.0/3.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
OLO
0.0
0.0
0.0.
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.8
0. 0.
0
66•7
0.0
0.0.66.7
22.2
a0 22.2
0.0
6.7
0.0 6.7
0.0
0.0
0 0 00
0.0.
0.0.
00. 0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
OLLI
00 11.1
8 3
16.7
00 16.7|
201.7 3.
1.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
20.0
00 20.0
0.0 0.1
0.0. 0.0 0.0
3.
P.P 00 0.0 2
2 13.3, 0.0/33
3
100.0
0.0700.
4
2 556 444000•1 6 6
112 50.050.0/00.
11
4
1/5 733 26-7100.
126

===== PAGE 136 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 3150, "method": "ocr", "page": 136, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
1 Balloon
1l-Astronomical
2-Arrcratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insultic into.
| 7-Psychological
70ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aireraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Oust, etc.
6 insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
&- Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
,3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insutfic. Into.
2-Psychological
8-Unknown
9Other
Total
TABLE A22 EXALKATION DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY MONTH OF YEAR, 1950
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
Number
Number
MARCH
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful, Total
0.0
0.00.0
Certain Doubiful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total
|Certain Doubtful| Total | Certain Doubtful Total
2
15.4
0.0 15.4
5
17.9
3.6 21.5
7./
7./
5
3
8
0,0
38.5, 23.1.61.6
2
115.41
0 0 15.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
7-2
0.0
0.0
00.
0. 0.
00O~N
3
5
15.4
23./38.5
4
14.3
0.0
14.3
7./
007/
0-00b%
15.4
1/5.4
10.7
14.3 250
2
14.3
0.014.3
0.0
0,0
0D
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0.
0.0
00,00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. 0 0.0
00.
0.0
0.0
7.7
0.0
1.7
00
0,0
0.0
D
7.7
0.0
7.7
6
4
7:7
7.7
aR 7•7
10, 77
0.0
21.4
00.
14.3
0.0
0.0
0.0 21.4
0.0
0.0
0
0
0.0
0.0
21.4
0.0
7.1
00 21.4
00 7.1
0.0 14.3
6
42.9
00 42.9
15.4
0.0 15.4
3.6 3.6
Q
0.0 0.0
10
3
1/3 767231100.
3|13|769 231180. 22
6 / 28 78.6 21.41180.
14
14 101.9
0.010d..
MAY
JuNE
JULY
Number
ANGUST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtrut! Total
[Certain Doubtful Total Certain
14.3
0.0
Doutful Total Certain Doubtfu] Total Certain Doubtfil Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total
14.3
4
4 66.7
14.3
14.3|28.6
67.0
67
0.0
2
10.0
0.010.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
6.7
6.7
0.0
6.7
4
5.0
20.0|25.0
0.0
1.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
26.7
5
6733.4
4
5
20.1
5.0 |25.0
0.0
9.0
0.0
9.9
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
28-6
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.0
0.0
0.0
0.01
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.e
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
20
0,9
0.0
0.0
0.0 28.6
0.0
0.0.
0.0
4
26.7
0.0 267
10.0
0.010.0
0.0
00.
0.0
14.3
2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 /4.3
2
33.3
0,0.33.3
4
0.0
26.7
0.0 26.7
25.0
0.0 25.0
0.0
14.3143
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
4.0
5.0
8.05.0
5
2
7
71.4. 28.6/00.
6
0/6/000
0.1 100.14
15 933 67 100.
15
5 20| 759
250100
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
Number
NexEMBER
Per Cent
Per Cent
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain
. Doubttul| Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain| Doubtful
Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
00
0.0
10.0
0.0
10.0
2
2
5
38.5
0.0
38.5
2
10.0
20.1
16.7.
0. 0 16.7
2
3
5
5
0.0
0.1
11.8
17.6 29.4
10.0
0.0
23.5
11.8 35.3
2
15.4
0.0/
0.0
15.4
0.0
1.0
10.0
4
9.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
16.7. /6.7.33.4
5.9
0.0
0.0
5.9
0.00.0
0.0
0.0
J.D
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.000
23.1
0.01
0.0
0.0 23.1
0.0. 8.3
0 0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.9
0.0.59
0.01
23.L
0.0.
0.0
0.0. 23.1
0.0
0.8
0.0
one
9.0
0
0. 00 00 00
8.3
6 600 0060.0
0
0.0
0.0. 0.0.
5.9 0.0. 3.9
4
0,4
00 33.3
0.0/ 0.0 0.0
33.3
8.3
0.0. 8.3
2
1
2 11.8. 00118
1 5.9
0.0 5.9
13
13|100.0
0.0100. 1
2
то 800 20.0/00/10
2
1121833167/001/2
51/7/70.6| 29.4/00.
127

===== PAGE 137 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 2976, "method": "ocr", "page": 137, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
i1-Astronomical
2-Aurcraft
3- Light Phetan.
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insultic into.
7-Psychological
8-Untnomm
s-Other
Total
cHaleton
0-Balloon
12-Aireratt
13-Light Phenom.
it-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insulfic. Info.
,7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
,3-Light Phenom.
tealin
5-Clouds, Dusi, etc.
6- Insuffic. Into.
i2-Psychological
18-Uniknown
19-Other
Total
TABLE A23
ENALUATION DE OBJECT SIGHIINGS BY MONTH
DE YEAR, 1951
JANVARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
Certain Doubt Total Certain Doubtly Tobal cerbin outer Tal cetain bonel Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total" Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
11.!
5.616.7
0 / 11
0.D /1.1
B
0.0
0.0|0.0
DORADANU
3
5.6
11.116.7
2
0.0
21.1.27.3
2.16.7,16.7.33.4
20 / 11.1
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
5
27.8
0.0, 27.8
0. D
0.0!
4
22.1
0.D. 12:
~ 00000°
000ow
0. 0. 33.3.33.3
0.0
0.0. 00
00
0,0 al
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0.
0.l 1.
0.0
0.0
0.0 11.1
W0/00000-
0000000-
0.0. 16.7.16.7
owolo doo
0.0
00
0.0
Es888
0.0
88838
0N00oro
5.6 0015.6
2 222 0.0.22,2
00 00 00
00000000s
000400010o
10
0.0 00
0-0
0.0
8888
33.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
.7
00,66.7
0,0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
:31
5
118 72-2, 27.8100.
4
5 9 74455.6100.
4.
2 6 66 7 33.3100. 31 0
_ 3 /01.0 0.0/00.
MAX
JUNE
Humber
Total
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Certain | Doubtful
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain) Doubiful Total
Jut per cont
Nut bet
AUGUST PerCant
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain| Doubtful
Total Certain Doubthul|
Total Certain Doubtful Total
25.0
00 25,0
C
0,0
0.0
75.0
1.0.
00
Q
0,0
L
0.0 z50
100.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q
CD 25.025.0
0,0
00
0.0
0
0.0
0.0.
00
4.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
25.0
Q
0.0
6.0.25.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4
175.01 25.01/00.
100.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0/00.0
Q.0.
0.0.
0.0
0,0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 100.
9.0
0.0
0.0
6.2
6.2 17,4
12.5
25.0
32.5
0.0
0.0 0.0
125
0 0 175
1
6.2
00 6.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
1
0.0
1.0
6.2
6.2124
0,0
ap
0.0
Q
1
00
0.0
0.0
Q
00
0.0
0.0
3
00
3
0
18.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 18.8
0.0/2.512.5
25.0
250
0.0 0.0
2
43. 8
0.0 43.8
12,5
0.0 /2.5
6.2
0.0 6.2
5
3
8
1625 375/00
14
2
16|87.5/2-51100
SEPTEMBER
OLIeBER
Number
PerCent
Number
NOVEMBER
Per Cent
Number
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain| Doubttul Total
Certain| Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain! Doubtful
6.7
Total
Certain) Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
5.3
0.9
5.3
0.0
8.3
10.0
3
13.3
67
8,3
0,0. 10.0
6.7.20.0
26.3,
5.3
31.6
4
8
67
0.0
33.3
33.3
3
20,0
11.0 300
0.0
6.7
4
21/
2
0.0
16.7
0.0
3
3
300
0.0
30,0
0.0
0.0
D.O
0,0
2
Q
2
0,0
0.0
0.0
13.3
0.0 13.3
00
0
0.0
0
0.0
8.0
00
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
8.3
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
00
0,0
8.3
0.0
0.0
0,0
00
0.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0,0 10,0
0
0.l
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.01
/ 10.0. 0.010.0
40.0
40.0
8 44. 00 42./
0
13.3
13.3
8
8.0
0 00 09 00
14
L
175/933 6-7/00.118
L19 94.7. 5.3/100.
1.0
00. 00
1
100 00 00
7
5/2|58.3|41.7/00
9
- 10.0. 0.0/0.
0.0. DO 101
1201900 10.0100.
128

===== PAGE 138 =====
{"alpha_words": 155, "chars": 3335, "method": "ocr", "page": 138, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
la Balloon
1-Astronomical
i 2-Aurcraft
3- Light Phenom
14. Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
if Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknomn
19-Other
Total
TABLE A24
EVALNATION
DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY MONTH OF YEAR, 1952
JANVARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain : Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtful; Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful TotaT
7.7
23.1
0. 0
7.7
23.1.46.2
5.9
0.0
5.9
4
:13.0
4.317.3
0.0
0. 0
4
2
5
23.5
5.9
29.4
/
4.3
0.0
4
4.3
11.8
11.8
:23.6
5
13.0
8. 7 21 7
3
12
/2
2
5
3.7
2.4.6.1
0. 12
14.6
p.0 14.6
7.19
114.6
8.5 23.1
0.0
00
0 5
0.0.
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0
1.2
0.0
1.2
3
2
0.0
00
0.D
15.4
: 5.4
15.4
2.0.
0.0
0,0
00
4.3
00.
4•3
0.0.
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.3
4.3
0.0
43
2.4
1.23.6
0.01
5.7
0. 0.
5.9
0.0
0.Д
10
10
C.0|/54
42
0
43
0,01
0.0.
15.4
0.0
D.0
0.0
4
23.5
15.4
2
0.0. 23.5
0. P
0, 2
/18
417.4
D.D.1/8
5
0.0 17.4
4.321.7. 26.0
29.
2
0
29
2
12.2
1•2
35.4
2.4
0.0 12.2
1.2
0.0
| 35.4
0.0. 2.4
10
3
13
76.9
23.1100.
1/4
3 17 824/76/10.14
92360939717087270
8 2 87.8
• 12.2 /80.
o-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
12- Aircratt
i3-Light Phenom.
4-Brrds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Into.
:7-Psychological
: 8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
LAX
Number
Per Cent
JUNE
Just
AUGUST
Per Cent
Certain, Doubttul! Total Certain | Doubtful! Total
Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull Total Certair
14 13.9
3.8 17.7
20
: 4.
LL
3
16 17.7
2.5
202
21
525
13.5
3.4.16.9
64
40 104 11.9. 7.5 194 36 36 72 11.0 11.0.220
13, 34 14.2
8.8 23.0
51
25 76
95 4.7142 38 22 60 11.7 6.7/84
1821 /39127 266 24
1135/6.2
7.4 23.6
3.8
85.64 149
15.9 11.9 278 40 31 7/ 123 9.5 21.8
0.0, 381
lil.
107
0.0 07/1
4 15 21 0.7, 28 5
5 10 15 1.5/3.0
0.0. 0.0 0.0
40
0,0
00 3
4
0•6 02 0.8
0. 0
P.0
0.0 10
: 2
3.5
00. 25 0
e
0.0
10, 0.0
20.2 02 04 2
1 00. 0.303
6
6 7.6
0.D, 7.6
17
/7
11:5
0.0.11.5 61
0 61 11.4 0011.4. 30
0|30 92 00, 92
10 00 60
0.0 2.7.
9 2.5
10
6
4
2.7
5 13 15 09 24 8
0.3, 2.8
1C 12.7
D.D 12.7 26
26 17.6
0.0//6/10
0 100 187 00 18.760
0 60 18.4 0.0.18.4
1 1 7 76 13891
5
6 34. 07 41 11
1 2 21 02 2.3 9
4 73 2.8 12 4.0
1631679797203100./18 30 148797 20.3180. 395/41 53673726.3/00. 226 100 326 69.3 30.7 100.
Evaluation
O-Balloon
¡l-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuftic. into.
7-Psychological
a Uncoun
gOther
Total
SEPTEMBER
UCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMIRER
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttl
Total
Coman on Tal certar ocon
Told Cram Doubl Toal Cenan Conly Told Certain Duty Toal Ceran on Toa
4
10
9.
10/4
3.2
7
17
8.1
5.6
11:3
4.9
14.8 19.7
2. 5 7 40 10.014.0
2 0.0 4.8 4.8
13.7
27. 3L
3
7.3
21.8 2901
0.8
6
3
814
9. в 131229 5 5 10 100
10.0 20.01 6
5
1/ 14.3 /1.9. 36.2
9
1.6.2.4
12. 4.9. 14.819.7
3
1 60 60.12.0-
31.0
2
112
0
_11 2.4 23.8,26.2
3.3 3.3
3 4.0 2.06.2
1
2.4
3.
1-6
2.4
0.0.
00
0.0. 2.4
1.8
2,16
1. 6 3.2.
0.0|00
a0 00
De
0.8 0.8
0.0, 16
2
11
4
Q
4
D.P. 4.D 4.0
0,0 00
11|89
2.08.9
0.0
4
6.60.0. 0.0.6.6
8e 00 8e
7.10.0. 0.07.1
1 0.8
0.0 0.8
:0.0
0,0 00 /
31 250 00 25.0 1L
е 1118.0 0.0 18.0 15
2.0 0.0. 2.01
° 15 300 00 300 |
10W
0.0.
e.0 0.0
0 11 26.2. 0.026.2
7
4.8 0. 8. 5.6.
3.31.6 49 2 0
4.0 D0 40 3
0 3 11 00.71
74
50/124 597 403/08130 31 6/492 50.8100. 34 16 50 680 320 100/25 17/42|59.5 40.5100.
129

===== PAGE 139 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 4711, "method": "ocr", "page": 139, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10 Balloon
1-Astronomical
!2-Arrcraft
13-Light Phenom,
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16-Insultic Into.
7 Psycho lopical
8- Unkno m
9-Other
Totai
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
¡ 1-Astronomicat
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
. + Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, ec
insuffic. info.
7-Psycholopical
8-Unknown
9Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenome.
i4-Birds
-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6insuffic. Ito.
2-psycholorical
90tber
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
I-Light Phenom
4-Birds
15-Clonds, Dust, etc.
-Psychological
9-0thar
Total
TABLE A25
EVALUATIOM DE ALL SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
GROUPS
ALL
YEARS
ExCELLENT
Tr
Humber
GOOR
DOUBTEL,
PoOR
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Tatal Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Douber Total (cretain Poetu Total
Certain Duru Total Certain Dout Tobi (cerin Douseul Total Certain Pouti Total
19133262
42. 10.1.100
13/63
9.3
100
90 | 110
451
2514.6
5.9. 122
27-
6.2/3.7
5L
9.7
301
9.7.243.166
110.276 13.5
19.
60.133
10.3. 25.8
63
24
75.
4.611:3
202./38
340 15.6. 106.262
63 126.
12.1
12.0|29.0
6. 2, 195.105
2
0.0
0.6
109. 213.
9.8
10./199
19
0.9
157. 135 292 12 1 10.4 225
Sl
26
72
0.81
97
5,0l
14.2
10
15
12-
24
0.0
1.0
0.0.
06,
1.7
15
30
1.3
5
D.la
5
9
05
0.9
3
09
0.2 L.L
L
0.2.
0.6
0.0
2.0
0.0
12.
12,3,9
0.01
39
33
e ea
D0!
0.0
3
10.
L
15.
18
0.7
0.9.
3.1
1.0
1.6
3
0.3
3.L
12,05
0.0
00
33
150
0.0
0. 150,116
0.0|11.6
03,
2.1
0,9
31
6
27L
1.6
25. 2.1
108
0.108 35.1.
00 351 282
0 282 264
00. 269
0 203.15.61
1.015.6
12
a 14.55
53
10
49
203
42
12
54 3.2
103
14
96.
103
19.61
0.0 19.6
17.
2.7.
0.6 3.3
D.0. 5.5
3.9
e9 4/
12
96.18.3
20,183
B 21 23 4.4
244
64308/79.2.20.8/100.1754 3/6 V070170.5.29.5100. 906 3921298169.8. 302100 396) 129 525/75.4 24.6100.
TABLE
A26
ENALKATION
DE ALL
SIGHINGS
B4 JIGATINE
RELIABILITY
Number
EXCELLENT
GRoves,
-'44Z
GooD
DOUBTFUL
PooR
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubitul Total Certain Doubtfui Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtrul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Dodttil Total Certain Doubtful Total
5.3.
1.0.
5.3
128.
0.0 2.8
3
0.
3 6
67
2. 11.8
D.O. 11.8
3 15.8
0.015.8
4
1/.17.2
11./ 305
· 20356
8.9 4M5
6 35.3
00 35.3
1.
53.
5.3. 10.6
2 2.8
2.8
5.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 00
0 0.0
0.0 . 0.0
0 0 00
00
0. 00.0
4 21.0
0.021.0
L
e
2
128
00.
28
L
10.0
e
/22
0.0. 22
0 00 00.00
20.0
P0 0.0
0.0
00
0. 0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
00 00
0.000
5.6
0. 0.0
• 0.0
0.0
8,6
00 00.02
L
L
0.0.
7.8: 2.8
6 31.61
0.0. 31.6
!!
305 0.0 305
3 15.8. 0.0 16.8.
7. 19.4.00 199
VANA
2 74
0.0
4.4
22 66
9 20.0
0.0 z00
6
L
2
6 353
0.0.35.3
0 a
1 59 00 59
2.11.8. 00.118
2155 00.155
0 00 00 00
18
119/94.8 53/00. 30
6. 36/833.16.1 100.
5| 45889 111100117
0. 17100.10.0//00.
TABLE AZI
EVALVATION DE ALL SIGHTINGS BY JIGHTING
GROUPS
1948
BELLABILITY
EXCELLENT
Goop
DOUBTFUL
Number
Number
Number
Number
PooR
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtil Total Certain Doubtfu] "Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douttful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
2
2
4 231
83
16.6.
9
1000o1004
17,132
118250
6
10
1 16 5.9
26
9.7.15.5
0 00 00. 00
12 292 208. 500 13
7. 20
- 19.1
10.3,29.415
3
146. 25.3.39.9
L
14.
87
2.10.0 100,200
2. 83. 00 8.3
4.4
0.0 4.4
47
13.6
2.200. 0.0.200
00. 00
0.0
3
00. 42
4:2
29
3,15
1-5
44
0 00 00 00
2.9
14.4
0.0
0.0
0 0.0.
0.0 00
!
10.0.0
49
0.0
1.0
000.00,00
00
100000
0.00
0.0
ed
00. 29
0 0.0
00 00
: 2250015
14 13.6 0.0 /3.6
3 300 0.0.30.0
0 00 00 00
e 00. 00.00
5208 00 202
19
0 14 206
00206
6
5.8. 0.0.5.8
0 2 20.0. 0.020.0
00000.00
3
2. 5 41 29. 7.3
6 6 0.0/5.85.8
0.
1100. 00 100
16/8.24667.33.3100.148.20 68706 191100 51 52 103485505100 9 110900100100
TABLE A28.
EVALUATION
-OF
GROUPS +
i9 AL
SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
EXCELLENT
Marabes
Goop
DOUBTEUL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cenl
Number
Pect
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Pertain Doubtful Totai Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Moodorab
0.00.0
2. 6-8 27. 9.5
10
3 13 49. 1564
4
112 00 2
000001 009
16
228. 22.5.456
36,39
4.1. 48.7528
59106-233.29.2525
45190345535
11.4
00 11.
8.14
47
29
_8./10.8.18.9
17
0.0
17, 34-848.4168
L
48. 1. 2. 6.0
0.0. 0.0
00 00 00
00 00 20
00. 00
29. 2.9
00.
00, 0.0
20
0.020
00.
0000
00
D.Q
0.0
00.00
0 0.0
el al
00 00 00
0.0
00,00
00
0.0. 00
25.2
0.0 25.7
o a
8
0.0
8.1
0.0. 8.1
0 21 104
O010.Y
2 10.7. 0.0.10.7
0.0
00. 00
e
00000. 0.0
3.6. 0.0.3.6
8108
00 108
0: 2/ 10.4
5,14.3
0.0. 183
2.0/0.7
18.
21:40.021%
000.00.00
3.1.5
0.0: 1.5
2
3. 3.6. 0.0.3.6
36
9. 351 743 25.7100.
28
461 74 3781 6221100.
1/23
29 202-60939.1100.541
30 84 64335,7100.
130

===== PAGE 140 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 3489, "method": "ocr", "page": 140, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
la Balloon
11-Astronoeical
2-Aircratt
3-Lipht Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insultic into.
Z-Psychological
B Unknoma
3-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
{3-Light Phenom.
i4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuftic Into.
7-Psychological
B- Unknown
9-Other
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenoma.
4Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc
6- insultic. tato.
7-Psychological
&-Unknomn
90ther
Total
TABLE
A29
EKALUATION
OF
ALL SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
GROUPS,
1950
EXCELLENT
600p
DOUBTFUL
POOR
Mumber
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
4
9.2
9.0
8.2
35.1
0.0. 5.1
18
523-146
HI: 187
2
10
197
2.7. 13.41
1414.3 143. 28.6
20
28, 339. 13.6.47.5 12
8 70 98
65 163.10.
12
13.2.
_2,7,/6.0
82
2,0 10.2
5
11 10.2
85. 187,17
9 26
13,8
23 21/ 12
12
16.l
e0 16.0
2,0
0.0
0,2
0,0
2.0.
0.0
0,0. 0.0
9D 0.2
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
00.
0,0
0
el 00 al
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.0 0,0. 0.0
- O
0.0. 00
al ee ee
8,2
/ 17.00. 12. 25
0/25 203. 00. 223
19
253
0.0 25.3
21
L
e
R
е0.
00. 00.00
e
0 00 09
D.l
4
53
0,053
21
42.1L
0l 42.9.12
0 1Z 20.3 00 203 22
0 22 179 00 179 16
0 16 213
Ri8 21.3
L
2.01
De. 20
3
4 17 51 6,8 3
4 7 24 32 5621
1 2 27 02. 27
41 | 8 69 837|163 100 | 43 16|59| 729 271100| 97 26 123 789 211100 | 71L 4/25|9471 5.3 100.
TABLE A30
EKALUATION DF ALL SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
GROUPS
1951_
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBTFUL
POOR
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtal Tol Certal Doshi Total ceram Doubtil Total
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
0,0
5,5
5
6
12,Z
Z,4.
146
3
5
162
167
e,0.
2,0.
el.
le.
38-91
5,5
L.1,278
13
5
18.
317 12.7 439
2
3
4
3.4
3.4L
6.8
47
2.3. 7.0
5.5.22.2
0,0 171
4
#
7
5,2
69. 12./
12
142
14.0:28.2
3.4
69.103
93
7.0. 16,3
00
0,0
0,1
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.0. 36.9
20-
5.5
3. 18 83.3 167 100. |34
0.0
0,0
0,0
0,01
0,0
9 ZL2
0.0
e.0.
з
3,41
17L
5./
e
0,0
0,0
2.4
24
0.0
0,0
00. 0.0
00.
0.0
0,0 0.0
0,0
0,0
е.е.
9.15.5
0,0 15.5
5
11.6
0.0 Mik.
0,0
0,0
1,7
3,4
0.0
0.0
0.0. 219
25
0, 25
43,1
0.0
43.1
1/
25,6
0.0. 25,6
0.D 0.0
2
3,4
3,4
5
11.6
00 11,6
7 41|829 17/100 46 12 58/793 207|100 33 10 43 76.8 23,2 100.
15
TABLE A3L
EVALVATION
OF.
ALL
SIGHTINGS
5/6HTING
RELIABILITY
GROUPs
EXCELLENT
1952
Number
Per Cent
6000
DOUBTFUL
POOR
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful: Total
Certain Douhtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtfull
Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total | Certain Doubtful| Total
11
22
6.7
6. 7. 13.4
35
7Z
52/129
97
6.6
163
61
60 121
80
78 158
38
59
12,8
Z/ 19.2
104
4.9 15.3
110
50 160 139
63 20,2
109
37146
1U.2
48 190
25
49
8,4 16,5
27
16
43 166
28 26,4
821
94 176123
119 22.2 112
100
212 1466
13.0.Z76
29
22
98
7.4 17,2
1.2
12
8
15
_0.9
10
19
12
21
Let
12
2.8
5
17
0.0
1,7
Rel:
0.R
5
R.DI
10|18
0,5.
7.
9
3
10
0.9
0,4
1,3
5
02
0.3
1.0
1.3
2.31
3
Z
0,5
0.9
00
0.0
2.5
4
60
36.8
25
22
22
0.0
2.$
4
00|
28
2
0.3
79
18
79
10,3
0.0 10.3
61
61
20,6
00 20.0
0.0
0,3
2.3
00.368 228.
0 228.28.9.
a0.
22
0,5
al
0.0 28.8128
4
0 170
15.6
0,0 15.6. 47
e 47.159 lD 15.9
Q.
00l
4,3
31
6
_37_
3.9
08 47. 27
2 29
3.5 03 З.В.
12.12. PR
4.1. 4.1
128 | 35 | 163|28.5 215 100. |571 221 792 721|27.1100 549 218 |767/7/6|28.4 100. |217 84,2% 716/284/00.
131

===== PAGE 141 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 3942, "method": "ocr", "page": 141, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
: 1- Astronomical
- 2-Arrcratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
1s-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E insurtic Into.
7-Psychological
& Unknown
3-Other
_ Total
Evaluation
U-Bailoon
Herbili intel
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
G-insuffic Into.
1-Psychological
8-Unknown
i9-other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
7-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
EInsuffic lato.
1-Psychological
Total
TABLE A 3.2
EVALUATON
DE
UNIT.
GROUPS,-
ALL
SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
YEARS
POOR
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total
19.
51.137. 99
44140 84 11155
41
25
12
88 41 13.5
86 .230.165
9.9.26.4123
25.
85.112.10.8.
99 214. 127.11.0.137
15
64. 139
14.0.11.9.25.9
58
33
91
10.8b.2170
2
08. 08
4 9 06 05 11
9 07. 03. 10
Q.
3 01 02.03
ONg
09. 00. 0g
24 02 0k
e 20 00.00
10!
e
2. 119 13.2 0.0 /3.2103
103 192. 0.0.19.2
6 27 23. 0.7, 30
N
14 22 04 2.6
0 126.132.0.0.132 83
0 83 15.5 0.0,15.5
13
2 36 30. 10 He 16 10 26 30. 1.9 4.9
1186 | 59243 16.5 23.5100 |621.250|811 11.328.7 100. 629 275. 90469630.4.100. 401|135 536/74.8125.2100.
TABLE A 33
EKALUATION OF UNIT
SIGHTINGS BY SICHTING RELIABILITY
GROUPS,
1947
EXCELLENT
Number
GooD
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
DOUBIEUL
PeeR
Per Cent
Certain Doubtul! Total Certain| Doubtful! Total Certain/
[Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total
5.9
0.0
5.2
3.4
0.0
3.4
3
3
8.6
0.0
2
2
0.0 12.5
11.l
0.0
1.6
5.9
4
9
8.L
12.5
2.2
13.8310
5.9 11.8
2
4
13.
25.21
11.4321
12.5
0.0 |/2.5
3.4
3. 4| 6.9
2
2
0.0
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0. 0.0
3.4
0.0
3.4
2.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
Q.D
0.0
0,01
R.D
0.0
2.9
0.0
0.0
0.0)
0.0
0.0. 00
0.2
0.0
0
2
0.0
0.0
11.8
0.0
00
0.0 11.8
6. 9.
0.2
le. 9.
2
5.7
0.0
•0.02
0.0. 0.0
L.
0.0
3.4..3.4.
3
5.7.
2.9
5.7
37,5
0.0
37.5
8.6
6.2
0.0
l.2
35.3
0.0.353
24.1
3
3
12.6
0.0.11.6
0.0.24.4
25.2. 0.0 25.2
2
12.5 00 12.5
20.7
0.0 20.1
0.
11.4. 00 11.4
3
3
18.2. 0.0 /8.7
17 94.11
5.9 100123
6 29 29.3 20.1 100.
30
5 35 /85.7 14.3 100.
16
116 100.00.0/100
TABLE
A34
ENALUATION DE
UNIT
SIGHTINGS
BY JIGHTING
RELIABILITY
GROUPS
1948
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBTFUL
Mumber
PoOR
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful, Total
Certaini| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
10.0
5.0.15.0
Q
e00
0.0
0.0
35.01
20.055.0
10
2
3
12.5
25.031.5
2
10.0
10.0
12.5
0.0 12.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
5.0
5.0
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
25.0
0.0.
25.0
0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0000000
3
15.0
0.0 15.0
9 12.6.
0. 34100
L. 12.5. 0.0 /2.5
0.0
3
1 4 59.2019
6 6 0.0. 81
12.5 0.0.125
6 20 700/300100.137 14 51 12.621.4100|
42 32 24 56.8.43.2100.
8 |150.25.0100
TABLE.
A35
EVALUATION
OF UNIT
GROUPSA
1949
SIGHTINGS
BY SIGHTING
RELIABILITY
EXCELLENT
Number
Per Cent
Number
6O00
DOUBTEUL
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain| Doubtful| Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certair Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.
0.0
00. 0.0
2
5
12
25.0
35.0.60.0
22, 23
3.8,11.5
4 5.2 0.0 52
14.5
42. 3'44.2.
_38.22.1. 27.349.4
12.6 34.5.41.1
5.01
0.0| 5.0
LL
11.5
2L.L
7
9.1
1.3 10.4
5
5
122
5.2
5.2.11:4
000.000
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.00.0.00
0R0000
0.0
5.05.0
0.0
0.00.0
0
2
2.6
ae 00 a0
0.0 00 0.0
0
00 00.08
0.0
0.00.0
20 00 00
0.0. 0.0.0.0
4
4.
17, 00
7.7
18
18
23.4
0.0
23.4
LL
12.6 0.012.4
00 000.0
0
0. 0.0
0.00:0
0.00.0
3.4. 00 3.4
5.
5|25.0 0.025.0
8
8 15.4
0.0.15.4
14 11 0.0.16.1
1
50. 00 | 50
0
2 00 00 00
0.013
4. Hl. 0D 4.6
12
8/20/600.400.100 22|30/52 42.3151.1 100.
155 22 177-714 286 100
36 81 58.641.4100.
132

===== PAGE 142 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 3719, "method": "ocr", "page": 142, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
'O-Balloon
• 1-Astronosical
12-Arrcratt
i3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, elc.
6 insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
B- Unknown
90ther
Total
Evaluation
D-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
+ Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, elc
G-insuffic. info.
1-Psychological
8- Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
EInsuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
19-0ther
Total
TABLE ABL
EVRELATON DE
UNIT SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
GROUPS,
1950
EXCELLENT
Per Cent
6000
DOUBTEUL
POOR
Number
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Douttful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
4 114. 00.11.4
0.0. 56
_16.2 5.421.6
3 12 10.8. 3.6.144
5
117./143.314
18
8, 26
5.6.
2
9
33.3 14.848.1
le
3 57 29 8.6
410
1.4.18.5
4
- 10
1.2. 10.8 22.0.12
/ 13 1441.215.6
1/./
2
2.135. 5.4.18.917
4. 21 20.5. 4.8 253
2 0.0
0.0: 0.0
0e
0,0
0.0
D.0
00 0200 a
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0 00.
0.D.D.R
0.0
a0 00
0 00 00. 0.0
Q.
0.0
0.0.00
2 0.0.
0.0: 0.0
0 L
02. 00.00
4 11.4.
0.0.11.4
19|00
1.9
0
0 00 0000
02 0.0
0 4 108 00 10817
12
205. 00. 20.5
00.0. 20.00
0
00.02. 00
12
0. 12 343 0.0343 10
L10
18.5. 0.0. 18.5
0
6
0 00 00 00
0
2
0
22.4
0.0 2.4
a 16.2 0.0/16.214
16.9 0.0/169
1.29, 002.9
3
4 12 56 1.5
121. 2154 3
14
4 3.6. 12 4.8
29 | 6 35 |82.9.17.1 100 | 39 15 54 278//00 278/00. |28 | 9 32 151.24.3100. 24| 9/83 89.2/10.8100
TABLE A 31
EVALVATION OF
UNLI SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING
RELLABILITY
GROUPS
1951
Humber
EXCELLENT.
Per Cent
Number
6o00
Per Cent
Number
DOUBTFUL
PoOR
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtfil Total Certain
[ Doubtfil Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful [Total
5.9. 0.0 5.9
4
1 5 11
2.8 13.2
2
2
4 4.3
4.3 8.6
3
3
2
5.17.6
11.8.29.4
12
4. 16 33.3
11./44.4.
3
3
64.4
4.3
6.4.12.8
2
3
2 5.4
0.0. 5.4
4 116 59 235
Z
I 19.4
0.019.4
8.5.12.8
0 00
0.0
2
3
2.1. 6.3
5
3
8 21 13.5 2ik
7. 10.8
8.1. 18.2
0.0
0.0.e
4.3
0.000
0.
0. 0.0
Q.2.
О.Д.
0.0
2.8
2.8
0 00
0.0.00
00. 0000
a.-
D.0;
0.0. 0.0
1.0
0.0.0.0
120.0.
0.0. 00
0.0
e20.0
0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. 000
8 110.
0.0 17.0
le l6.2 0.0. 16.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.0.0
2 2.1
2.1 4.2
35.3
0.0
0000
0.0 35.3
19.4, 0.0.19.4
5.9
0.0
5.9
O l 34.0. 0.0,34.0
9 243 00 24.3
0
0 0000.00
0 2 43 00 43
0
5/13.5.00.13.5
L
0
14
3/12/82.4174
102
TABLE A38
30
63683346710036
#47.14.623.4100.129 8 37 18.421.6/100.
EVALUATION
OF UNIT
SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
GROUPS
1952
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBTEUL
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
PooR
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain) Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
T Doubtful Total
//
17
2
10/ 21 8.2 1.5151
8.25 12.26.0 181
15
31.11.9.11.2 23.1
68
48.
12
43 11/ 10.5
6.6 17.1
55
56/111 81 8.8.17.5
43 141 15166211
31
101 621170
78
32./10.12.3, 5.1.17.4
52
14 146. 11. 1. 11. 4 22.5
12
88 180 145 13.9. 28.4
46
2
15. 00 15
815, ll
1.2. 2.3
0.2.
12
9. 21 19
1.4
31
3:3
5
20,00. 00
5
0.6
- 0.8.
6 05, 0510
2
26
21
L
12. 15.0
8.5 23.5
52
5
101.6.9.17.0
1.6 0.0
leb
3
20. 2.00.0
2
5
2 03
0
20
120
3.L
0.8
0.3
1.0
1.1
4
3 02, 0.3 0.5
0.0.00
30. 00.3.0
0
44
7
000.000
2
0.0.3.1
24
44
11.7
0.0 11.2
199. 0.0. 19.2
2 0.3
v.U03
18
22
2.8.
0.6
3.4
de
2.00.Z
0 44 928. 0.0. 32.8 171
0 111 263. 0.0263 86
0 86 13.6. 0.0.13.6 43
2 3 30 0е 142.
1. 5.2. 0.05.2, 26
5 31 40.08. 4819-
2 21 30 03 33
9.900 29 29
101 33|134 15.4/24.6.100. 470129 649 12.4.21.6 100. 438 196/634 69.0. 31.0/00. /225 80 305\73.826.2100
133

===== PAGE 143 =====
{"alpha_words": 251, "chars": 4386, "method": "ocr", "page": 143, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
• 1- Astronomical
2-Arcratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
B- Unknown
other
Totat
Evaluation
O-Balloon
I-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
: 3-Light Phenom
4-Brrds
(5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
: 6-Insulfic. Info.
¡7-Psycholtgical
18-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
D-Balloon
¡1-Astronomical
12-Aurcraft
3-Light Phenom.
:4-Burds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknawn
90ther
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
1-Astononical
/2-Ancratt
3-Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
sother
Total
TABLE A 39
EKALUATION OF
OBJECT
51GHTINGS
84
SIGHTING
GROUPs,
ALL
_RELIABILITY
YEARS
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBIFUL
POOR
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttal Total Certan Doubitul, Total Certain Doubiful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
17
8 25 80 28. 11183
HH 127110 5.8 16.8 73
_ 58.131 92 73 16.5 34 22 56
78
5./ 12,9
32 .
20.52 150 94 244108: 66 124 143 87 23.0 88
66 154 11 83 194 46.53.99
10.6
17,2 22,8
25
16
41 117 75 192 89
2
0.9.
72.16611.8.102.220. 109. 89.198 137, 112 249 42 27, 69
1.7 159
10. 0.99
1.18
112 12 2t 14.
9 23. 18. 11. 29
R.
2.
0.0
e
5
0,0 11
0.9 09 4
05 25 10 6 3 9.08 04 12
02 07
0.0 0.0.
2
7 03. 07101
2 3 01 03. 04
0.02.200
HAZI
0.0. 4227
0 27 36 00 36 41 01 140 00140 93 0 93 214 00 zH
0.0. D.0 |
3
4 04 0/. 05 20 6 26 25 18, 33,12
12 14 28 05 33
ZL
e 71
110. 11
33.3
0.l 33.3188
0 188 248 00 248 103 0 103 130, 00130 22 0 12 166. DD 166
5,2
00 52 31 7 38 4/ 0950 27 9 36 34. 12 45 16 8 24 37 18 55
1167 46 213|784 216/00. 544|213 757|21.9.28.1100. 552 242 794 695305 /00, |322 /13 435 740 26.0100...
TABLE A4O
ENALUATION DE
OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
GROVeS ,
1947
EXCELLENT
Number
Per Cent
G000
POOR
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain i Doubtfull Total Certain Doubtful Total
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douttful Total Certain Doubtful Total
7.A
00: 1./
e
133 0.0/33
2
2
143-
0.014.3
2.1
1
2
0.0
1.114.3
2
L2
0.0
16.7
2
0.0
0.0
10.0.0
0.0
0.0: 0.0
L
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
2.01.0
0.0
23
0:
5.
2
13:
TABLE
214.3
0.014.3
2. 0.
0.0.2.0
5.35.7
0.0 35.2
214.3
Q
2
NO
2
6
y0.0
67
22400
0.0 14.3
wA
0.0_6.7
2.13.3
0.0 /3.3
3 200 0.0.200
1 19 1929
7.1100. 16
6. 22727223/00 23 5 28/82117.9100.1
15.
0 15 1000 00 100
A41
EVALVATION
OBJECT
SIGHINGS BY SIGHTING
RELIABILITY
GROUPS
_ 1948
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBTFUL
Number
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain | Doubtful Total
Number
Number
Number
POOR
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
5.9
5.9.11.8
5
1251
4.
9
7.1
5.7.12.8
0
00.00.0 00
6
2
0.
10.422.9
3
uro
353.17.6K2.9
13.18.7
8.3.22.0
11-8
23.12.9 20032%
2
3175
25.0.375
0.0 11.8
3 6,2
0.0. 62
0.0
0.0
0.0
13.12.9
5.718.6
17,5
0-0/25
3 4.2
2./ 6.3
2
2. 0.0
2.12:9
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.9
5.9
3. 2.1
00
0.0 0-0
4:2,6.3
/1.4
0
0.0
00 1.4
0.0
0.0
0
00
0.0. 00
2 4.2
0.0.0.0
0Д.
7-2
0.
3.
a los 00 00
12/ 0.0.21
e.
3.17.60.017.6
8
816.7 0.0167
0
13.
wo
0.0
0, 0.0
0.0,0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1318.6
6.0 18.6
0 0.0
0.0. 0.0
ON
2250
0.0
25.0
0 00 00 0.0
0.0.0. 0.000
3
4 62 2/8.3
6 3 43
3. 4.3
0.0.4.3
1
00
1125.0.0 125
8.6. 8.6
0 / 1250.0.175
12
TABLE
511220629400.35 1348.229.211100. 40 30 70151/ 429.100.
61
21 8/75.0|25.01100.
A42
EXALVATION
OF
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS BY
SIGNTING RELIABILITY
GROUPS
1979
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBTEUL
Nurasber
PerCent
Per Cent
Mumber
POOR
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubitul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtul | Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
10.000 00
108, 2.713.5
4
4 69 0.0.6.9
5
9.29.4.23.5.52.9
1, 1311
1027201259466
1.59.00.59
2/35.137.8
12
6 11
5.516.289.1
L
812/1.713.8
3
11
5
1 6/ 1455
23
13414.2.31.1160
10
6.813.6
000.00.0.0
00.0
1e0. 5.9.69
0.Q
2.0.0.0
0 0
0.0
0.0
2
0.0
23-4
0.0
0.0
0.0
3,4
10.020 00
0 0
00
0.0
0,6
0.00.2. 0.0
0.0
8
0 00 00.00
e.0
0.0
00
00.0
1322.4
0.0. 22.4
0 0.0
0.010.0
3.29.10.0299
222 0052
00 00 0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
Z122
0 0 12:2
5
41 0.04.1
710.8
- 0.010.8
3
10 13.50.0 0.013.5
15900.5,9
0 00 0l 00
0 1120017
0
4. 54.0.0.54
12
5/7706299/00.22 203746.9541V00 У3.16 581729127.600. 731.29/ 74160.8139.21/00
134

===== PAGE 144 =====
{"alpha_words": 195, "chars": 3458, "method": "ocr", "page": 144, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
LoBalloon
1-Astronomical
2-Arrcraft
13-Lighl Phenom.
4-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuttic ento.
1-Psychological
8-Unkrown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
E-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknomn
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aurcraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust etc
G-insuffic. Info.
7-Psychotogical
Unkno
Sother
Total
TABLE A 43
EVALVATION DE OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
GROUPS,
1950
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBTFUL
POOR
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtfull
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain /Doubtful | Total
| Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
4
4
12.5.
0.0 /25
3
7.9
0.0
7.9
4
16.7 3.3 2009
3
113.0
4.3|174
8
9. 4 15.6| 25.0
4
13
23.7 10.5 34.2
8
13.3 13.3.266
6.2
3.1 9.3
10
15.8
10.5.26.
5
9
9
10
1.3
13.0
1.4 14.5
0.0
0.0
10.
0.
no
16.7
0.0/6.7
0.01
0.0
4
13.0
5.8 18.8
0. 0.
0. 0
0. 0
4
12
00
12.5
0.0
0.0
37.5 0.01
37.5
3.L1
0. 0|3.1
2
l.0
2.6
2.0
0.
0.0
2.6
0.0
0.0 0.0
23.7
0.0 23.7
2.6
2.6.
5.2
4
5
000
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0/0
0. D
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
13.3
0.0
13
0.0
0.0
0.
1.70.0
16.7
15
2
13
21.7
0.0
21.7
2.9
2.9
3
0.0
18.8
0.0
18.8
3. 3 3.3 6.6
4.3
1.45.8
26
6
132/81.218.8.100.291
9
2
38763.23.7/100.124 6 1301800200400.6019 69187023.0100.
TABLE A44
EVALKATION
GROUPS
EXCELLENT
1951
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS BY SIGHTING RELIABILITY
_ 6000
DOUBTFUL
POOR
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
1.7
0.0
7.7
4
5
125 3.1|15.6
2
2
4 4.8 48 9.6
3
5
2.9
0.0, 2.9
15.4 /5.4 30.8
4
14 31.212.5 43.7
4. 2.4. 7.1 9.5
8.8 14.72.5
23.11
7.7, 308
6 18.8
0.0/88
2
0.0
0.0
0. 0.
0 po 2.0
0.0
5 4.8 71 11.9 4 2
64.8
5.917.7
3.4.2.4 2.44.8
0.0 | 0.0
0.0
0.0L
2.0.
8.0
3.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0 0.0
0.0
0 0 0
0 00 00 0.0
0
0.00.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
8 19.0 0.0 19.01
0.0.
0.0
0.0
2 24,2.44.8
•00uo
30.01
0.0 30.8
6 19.9
0.0 188.
15
15 35.7. 0.0357 8 1
00000
0.0
0.00.D
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0, 0.0
17.61
0. 0 17.6
0.00.0 0.0
8
23.5 0.0 | 23.5
0. 0 0.0
0 0.0 0.0100
12
0
2 4.8, 0.04.850
5 14.7. 0.0 14.7
1703173 76923.11000.
126
6
32/812/88/10032/10 42 76.223.8100.277 34/79.420.6100.
TAbiE 1145
EKALVATION
DE.
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS BY SIGNTING RELLABILIZY
GROUPS
1952
EXCELLENT
600D
DOUBTEUL
PooR
Number
Per Cent
Number
her tHen
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful!
Total
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubttul" Total Certain. Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfuf "Total Certain Doubtful | Total
10
7
/4
6
17
8.3
5.8
14.1
65
37 102 12 64 176 54 51 105 95 90 185 19 18 37 81, 7.715.8
1L.7.-
5.006777
37 /14.133 6419759 26 85 104
4.6 150 21 22|43 8.99.418.3
16
13 29 13310824168 66 / 34 11.7. 11.423186 81 167
2
15.2 14.3 29.523 1 6 49 98 6.8 16.6,
2 1 7
001.76
8 14 10 14 2412 6 18 21 11.321
5
2) 0.9 2.11
0.00.0
3
405. 02.73
6 05 0.5 1.0
_ 0.9 0.413
o m
0
42
oma
0.0
0.0 0.0
2
5
70.3|
0.91.21
3 02 0.46
8.0/8.0/00
0.0, 25 19 0
19 3 3 00 3.3 71
71 175 00 125.55
55 23.4 00 23.4
7 5.8 0.0.5.8 25
1 30 4.3 0.9 52 29 2 21 3.40438 0 7 7 00 30 3.0
94/26/120|283|217.00421|159/580|72627.4100.1391|175 566/691 30.9100.169 661235|71.9 28.11100
135

===== PAGE 145 =====
{"alpha_words": 226, "chars": 3388, "method": "ocr", "page": 145, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE A46
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Arrcratt
13-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E Insultic into.
7-Psychologica!
Sother
Total
EVALVATION OF ALL SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL
RELIABILITY
GROUPS ,
6000
MILITARY
YEARS BY SIGHTING
OBSERVERS
DOUBTEUL
POOR
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubttul | Total
15
18
10
25
105
1.0 4.5
21
6
39
12.6
14.7:27.3
1Z
4.2 11.9
2
14
0.0
0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
15
0.0
0.0
10.5
0.0 10.5
2
0
10
2
0.0
30
11.0
1.4
1.4
0.0
21.0
13
2./
1.0. 9.1
162/42 204.19.4.20.6100. 378/36514 135265100. 210 95|365/14.0 260100. 94 49 49.14365.234.3.100.
TABLE A47
EVALVATION DE ALL
RELIABILITY
GROUPS,
FOR ALL YEARS
BY SIGHTING
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
I4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
16-Insuftic. Into.
U-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
DaUBIENL
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtil Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
57.119. 66 6/.12.7
| 32.13.1
95 224 13.8.10.2,24.0
11.0227
113 244 14.0.12.126.11
5,2.15.6
0.0. 0.8
0.0
00
00. 00
9 10
0.2
1.6
1.8
2
2
4 0.2
0.2 0.4.
Q.
0. 3. 0.8
0.0
20.00
.37
3/
3
82. 22 104 788 21.2V20. 376|/80 5561676 32.4100. 636| 297 933 68.1 31.8V00: 302
80 382178.9.21.1100.
O-Balloon
,1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
if Insuffic, Into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
19-0ther
TABLE A48
EVALUATION
OF ALL
RELIABILITY
SIGHTINGS
FOR
1947
BE SIGHTING
GROUPS
EXCELLENT
6000
MILITARY
OBSERVERS
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
DOUBTFUL
Number
Certain | Doubtful | Total | Certain | Doubtful|
Total
Certain Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.0
11./
0.0
0.0
2
222
0.0
22.2
0.0
L
0.050.0
0.0
9.1
2
11.1
11.L
22.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
L
0.0
9.1
0
00 00
0.0
10
0.0
0,0
0
0
0
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
0.0
Qul
0.0
0.0
0.000
0.0
L
0.0
000.00 00
3
3
0
00000.00
333 00 333
5
455 0.0 45.5
11.1. 00. 11.1
3
3
273
0.0 27.3
L
e
0.D. 25.0, 250
1 250. 0.0.250
00000.00
0 00 00 00
000000.00
0 0 00 00 02
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
|1- Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenoms.
1-Birds
5-Clouds, Oust, etc.
f Insuttic Into.
1-Psycholopical
i9-Otter
Total
8
9 88.9 11.1 100.
11 1000. 0.0100
2 214|500 50010014
4 100.00.0 100
TABLE
_A 49
EVALVATION
OF
ALL
SIGHTINGS
FOR
1947
_SIGHTING
PELIABILITY
GROUPS
6000
CIVILIAN
B4
OBSERVERS
EXCELLENT
DOUBTELL
Humber
Per Cent
Number
per heat
Number
PooR
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubttul| Total Eertain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0000.00
/ 4.0
00 40
2
10.0| 0.0/10.0
4
1024.0.16.0.400
2,49. 0.0 4.9
000 00. 00
3 19 39.0 9.3.44.3
le 46.2 0.0.46.2
0.0
2.0
e0
4.0
4.0,80
0 00 00.00
0 0.0
0.0.00
0.0-
0.0
D.0
0.0 0.0
L
0 2.4
0.0. 2.4
0 00 00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0.02
0
0. 00 0000
Q.
0 0.0
4
40.0
40.0
D0.0.00.0.0
0
0 0000 ae
0 00 00 00
0.0.
40 0040
2
0.0
0.0
00
2
2.49
00. 49
1 00
4.0 4.0
8
2 49. 0.0 4.9
Q
3
30.0
2.0.
300
6 240. 00. 24.0
8 195 00°19.5
2
20.0
1
4
2
4 301. 0.0 30.1
0
0
/ 17.00.11
2 15.4 00 15.4
20.01
2.0
4 4 0 00 16.0
0 7171 00 171
000 00 00
10
10 100.00.0
100.
19
6. 25|16.024.0.100.
38
34192.717.3 100.
13
0 13 100.0 00.100.
136

===== PAGE 146 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 4803, "method": "ocr", "page": 146, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
a Balloon
1-Astonomical
2-Arrcraft
3-Light Phenors.
14-Bisds
S- Clouds, Dust, etc.
16- Insullic into.
7- Psychological
8- Unknomn
9-Ottrer
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
; 3-Light Phenom.
14 Birds
is Clouds, Dust, etc.
LE Insuffic. into.
2Psychological
!B-Unkromn
i9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
G-Insuffic. Into.
(2-Psychological
&-Uniknown
irother
Total
Evaluation
a Balloon
; 1- Astrunomical
2-Aurcratt
3-Light Phenom.
1-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
G- Insuffic too.
7- Psychoio fical
8-Unkrown
s-other
Total
TABLE A50
ENALUATION
OF
ALL
SIGHTINGS
FOR
1948.
BY SIGHTING
RELLABILITY
_GROUPS ,
MILITARY
OBSERVERS
EXCELLENT
G000
DOUBTFUL
PooR
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Fertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
]Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
00.
62, 67
3
1! 286
40.02.
20.0,600
8
107.393
3
9
9 28.k
3.6 82.2
2
5, 105.158 23
0
000000
10.5. 105 21.0
0
0.0
0.0
2
133
00:13.3
36
0.0 3.6
0.0
0, 0.D
00.00
2.1
263
5.3 31.6
1
3.610.1
L
0.0
5.3,5.3
L
Q.
L
25.0
0.0 25,0
Q
0.0
0.0
0 0 0
3
67. 67
2.
3.6
3.k
5.3
0.0
5.3
Q.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
1
0.0, 0.0
00
0.0.
0,0
Q.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.000.00
0
0.0
0.0 e0
10.5. 0.0.105
2
50.0
0. 0 50.0
0.0: 00
0.0
2
2
0.0
0.0
00
R
0.0 00 00
0.0
0.QL
0.0
ON
0.0
2
13.3
0.0:133
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00 0.0
25.0
0.0 25.0
0.00
00.0.0
2
2.1
0.0
0.0. 7.1
DD AD AD
00.0
0.0.00
101
5 15 662333100. 221
6 28 786 214/100 12 7 19/632.36.8.100
el $ 100.0 0.0100.
TABLE
A51
EVALUATION OF ALL
SIGHTINGS
RELIABILITY
_GROUPS,
FOR
1948
BY SIGHTING
OBSERVERS
Number
EXCELLENT
Per Cent
Number
6000
CIVILIAN
Per Cent
Number
DOUSTRUCE
POOR
Per Cent
Homber
Per Cont
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
21
L
З 22.2. 11./ 33.3
2.5
12.5
15.0
4
- // 4.8
8.3 13.1
0
00 00 00
2
//./:
22.2.
33.3
5
12,5
15.0.27.5
13.
24, 37 15.5 28.6
44.1
L
/
2
16.7. 16.7.33.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
5.0
0.0
5.0
0
0.0
0.0
02.
0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
4
8
4.8
4.8
9.6
L
16.7.0.0.16.7
0.0
4.8
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
00
0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.5
0.0
0.0
2.5
4.8
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.00
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
2
5.0
0.0
5,0
12
0
0.0 00
0.0
25
0.0
2.5
0
12
0
14.3
0.0
0.0 14.3
16.7
0.016.7
00
3
3.
. 33.3 0.0. 33.3
14
0,0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
2
14
35.0
0.R
3
25
35.0
le
1.1
0.0
7.1
0.0. 00
5.0
1.5
0.01
71. 7.1
9 17 33.3.100.126/14 40 65.0 35.0100.
39 45 84 1464153.6.100.
/
L
5
0.0
16. 7
0.0
16:7
162.0.0161
6 83.31167 100.
TABLE A52
EVALUATION
OF ALL SIGHTINGS
EDR
1949
RELIABILITY
GROUPS,
MILITARY
OBSERVERS
J/GATING
EXCELLENT
GOOD
DOUBTEUL
PogR
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful: Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Number
Number
"Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfol Total
0.0 0.0
10.0
2
3
5
11.8.17.7.295
0.0
0.0.
Q.0
2
2
0
L
3,5.0
2.5
26.28
1.5
4
4.49:00, t9.
33
0.0, 33
5.0
65.0.70.0
24
3/
5529.3.
31.8 .67.1
3
00
7,5
7,5
2
8
2.4
1.3 9.1
3
3
18.
2/
100 40.0.10.0
3
10.0
0.0.10.0
0
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0: 0.0
0.0
0
5.g
5.9
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0.
0.0
0.0
00
0.0. 2.0
10.0
0.0.10.0
4
0
4.9
0,0
4-9
0.0.
0.0 0.0
U 00
100 0.0
0
0.0.
00.0.0
0 0 00 00
0.0
0000 00 00
6
353. 0.0.35.3
5
29.4
0.0
29.4
2
5.0
0.05.0
0 9 10 00 11.0
5
0 5. 46.7 0.0 16.1
0.0
0.0. 0.0
2
0224. 00 24
0 0 00.00.00
13
4. 17/76.5/23.5100.
110.30. 40.25.0.15.0.100. 145.37. 82|54.945.1100
11218.30 40.0160.0 100.
TABLE ..
A53
EVALVATION
OF
ALL SIGHTINGS
EDR
19.49
SIGHTING
RELIABILITY
EXCELLENT
GROUPS,
CIVILIAN
OBSERVERS
6000
DOUBTEUL
Mumber
Number
Number
Arumber
POOR
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtil Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.
00
0.0 0.0
3
8.8.
2.9.11.1
3. 950. 2.515
0.00. 000.0
6_
5
11533. 53.3.278.41.1
10
!!
29
14.9323
23
28 51 19.2 23.3425
13
11 24 24.120.4 445
4. 22.2
0.0 22.2
5
17.6 14.7 323)
5
1 26 18.5 9.2 211
2. 18 18 3.6
0.0
00: 00
0.0.00
0 00.000.0
0.0
00,00
0.0.
0.0;
0.0
0.0
4
0, 4 33 06 2.3
0.0
0.0. 0.0
20 00 0.0
0 0 00 00 00
0.0,00
5.9. 00.5.9
а 17 14.2. 00 14.2
0 00 00 00
2
0. 0.00.00.0
20 00 00 00
40000
000. 00.00
0 00 00 ae
0 00 00 0.0
9 16.7. 0.0.16.7
3 5.6. 0056
3
3 16.1, 00 41
60.6 177. 00112
12
0 12 100. 0.0 100.13
0 00 00.00
0
0 0 0000
0.0
0.
0 13 24/00. 24.1
1 08. 0.0, 08
3 56. 00.5.6
13L
5/18/12.227.8100. |18 16 34/530/47.0/100|18.
142|120|65035.0110042
12. 54 72.8.22.21100
137

===== PAGE 147 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 4525, "method": "ocr", "page": 147, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Arrcratt
13-Light Pliesom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16- Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8Unknomn
19-Other
Total
jo-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
i3-Light Phenom
I4-Birds
Is-Clouds, Dust, etc.
;6- Insuffic. Into.
L-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
(1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
90ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
11- Astronomical
12-Arrcratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
it insuffic Into.
7-Psycholozical
8-Urknown
9-0ther
Total
TABLE
A54
EVALKATION
-eE
ALL SIGHIINGS
FOR
1950
BY SIGHTING
PELIABILITY
EXCELLENT
GROUPS.
MILITARY
OBSERVERS
GOOD
DOUBTFUL
POOR
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul, Total
Certain | Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful, Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
2.4
18.8
0.0
9.4
10
2.5
3.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
L
10
2
3.3
0.0
3.3
10 200
2.2 222
16
333.20.0.53.3
20,0
0.0
20.0
L
1
2
2
7.l
14.2
Q
14.3
0.D
·713.3
20.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
8.4
0.0
8.9
14.3
14.3
0.014.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.О
3./
3.3
00
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
2
0.0
4.4
0.0
4.4
0.0
0. 0.
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.0.
0.0
0.0
11
D.17
532
0.0.532
10.0
10.0
15
015
133.3
0.0
3
33.3
2
5
M4.3
0. 0
0
143
0.0
0,0
3.1
0.0
31
3
3
5
35.7
0.0
35.1
0.D 10.010.0
2
5
4.4
B1/11
2./
0.R_
7.1
28
4 32 87.5.12.5100
13/30.56743.3100.
31
8. 145/82.217.8100,13
L
14 92.911.1100.
ThBiE A55
ALL
EVALKATZON DE GROUPS,
SIGHTINGS
RELIABILITY
FOR
1950
JIGHTING
CIVILIAN
OBSERVERS
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBTFUL
POOR
Cenan, Doubtul Toial Certain Doil Total (Certain) Doubtel Tol Certain Doort Tola penalin Doubte Toil Certain Door Total Ceran Duty Total Certain Poor Total
5.9.
0.0
5:9
4
5.912.6. 23.5
4
2
10
0. 2.k9
0.0.4%
9
$13 115.5.1 M6k
Z
8
2
б.11.5 1.6 131
2.12:345
4.9.41.4
5.13.8
17
8. 1 3410314.2
10
13./3.3.16.4
5 23.5. 5.9.29.4
3.5 17.3
5 22 21.8 6.4 28.2
10
0
10. 16.4 0.016.4
0.0.
0.D: 0.0.
20 00. aD
0.
0.0
0.0
000000
0.0
0
0.0. 0.0 0.0
0.0.
0.0
0 00.
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0000
0,0
0.0
0.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0 0 00
0.0
10.0
00 00 00
3!
3.11.6
0.012.6
e
00
0.0
23
0 23 24.5 0.0 245
0.0:
0.0. 0.0
0.00
00.00
-0.
00.0
0.0 0.0
4
23.5 0.0.23.5
0. 9
31.0
0.0.31.0
2 90
00. 4.0
0.
0.00 00.00
01.35
00. 35
12131326
4
4
1
17 27.9 0.0 27.2
4 66 0.06.6
/ 18.0 0.0180
1 16 0016
13. 4.17/765.23.5.100/26.
3 29 .89.610.4100.
60 18 78 66.923.1100. 58 3 6/195.1 4.9100.
TABLE A56
EVALVATION OF ALL
SIGHTINGS
PEL/ABILITY
GROUPS,
MILITARY
FOR
1951
SIGHTING
OBSERVERS
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBTEUL
POOR
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
Per Cent
Certain Doubttu! Total Certain Doubtful| Total Cerlain| Doubtful Tota! Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
1.1
0.0.
7.1
5 17.4
4.3. 21.7
2. 43 4.3. 8.6
7./
1.1 14.2
2, 1/
39,2
87.4,19
L
2
43. 4.3
8.6
2.48
48, 9.6
3
3 21.4 00 /21.4
4 17.4
0.0.17.4
2. 43|43 8.6
5
95
4.8 14.3
000e00
0 0 00
0.0 0.0
11I0D
4.3
43
-45 14.3.23.8
000a0a0
00 2000
D.0
43 43
0. 00
0.0. 00
0 00 a0 al
0 00 0000
20
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 00
02
00 00 00
2 00 0.000
e00
0.0 0.0
2 81
0.0
00.0.000
0 0.0
0.0. 0.0
87
0
20 00 00
0 00 00.00
00.0 00 20
/ 21.4. 0.0.21.4
2
0 2. 87 00.8.7
/ 11007/0.
12
0 12 52.2. 00.52.2
09 429. 0.0.427
2 0 00 00 00
0 2 81 00 87 2 0 2 25 00 95
13
TABLE
14929/21 1001 19
1 23 8261124100.
19
4/ 23182619.4100 |
5 21 162 23.8 100
A51
EVALUATION
EELLABILITY OF
ALL SIGHTINGS
GROUPS,
CIVILIAN
FOR 1951
BY SIGHTING
OBSERVERS
EXCELLENT
G000
DOUBTFUL
PoOR
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
Pes Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain? Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful | Total
R.
0.0 00 DR
15.6
0.0. 56
2
500, 25075.0
3
1.22.2
2.9 2.9.5.8
1 45 0.045
167 389
3
5
5.7 8.6 14.3
3
4.
5
9 18.2. 227 409
00 25.0250
3 16.7
0.0.167
29 86 11.S
91 00.91
0000.00
0
0.0
0.0. 00
00000
00 0D. 02
00 0.0. 00
0.0 0.0
0.02
0002.00
0202. 00
00. 0.0.00
0.0. 0.0
0.0
20000 de
0.0. 0.0
00
1
38.8 0.0.388
NOON
13
O NK
57, 0.0 5.7
0.0.00. 0.0
000
0.0
00. 00
0.0
0.0 0e
22 00 00
00 00.00
1 20.0 00.00
5.227. 00 22-7
29. 29.
58
0.0
0.2 00
13
312.00. 312
4.1 0.0
0.0
Q
9.1
0.0.00
00. 00
000. 00. 00
3136 0.0 13,6
2
4/150.0.50.0100
15
3| 18833|167 100.1211
8 35/77.2. 22.8100.
17|5 /22 77.3/22.7 100
138

===== PAGE 148 =====
{"alpha_words": 134, "chars": 2589, "method": "ocr", "page": 148, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
iz-Aircraft
13 Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Oust, etc.
iE Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8Untnomn
9-Other
Total
jO-Balloon
¡1-Astronomical
12-Aireratt
i3-Light Phenom
I4-Burds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc.
Einsuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
18-Unknomn
90ther
Total
TABLE A58
ENALVATION DE
ALL SIGHTINGS
ERR
RELIABILITY
1952
BY SIGHTING
GROUPS I
MILITARY
OBSERVERS
EXCELLENT
6000
DOUBTEUL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
POOR
Number
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain
PerCent
Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfal Total
8
15
6-8
6.0
12.8
34.
29_63
82
2.6.1a5
21
18.39 109. 9.4.203
10
818
143
. 11.4 25.7
19
4.4
6. 8.
16k
53 22 15 132
5.8.19.7
31
8 45 123, 4.2 23.5
21
12
33
18.0
10.3
28.3
25
2853
65
7313.8
18
10 28
13
9.4, 5.2.11.6
0.0
a.0
0,0
4
08
03
1 05: 00. 05
0.0
0.0
3
0.8
0.8
3
2
15.%
2.2 18.6
6
4.3 4.3 8.6
2
29
0.0 22
0.0
0.02
42/00 21
2
0.0 00 00
0.0
8
1.2
0.3
2.1
2
3 1 2 05 15
2
0.0
0.0
2
17
0.0
2./
2./
8
42
0.24.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q.
e
2
00 00 00
9
0.0 129
4.2
42
359. 00/35.9 143
5./
0.0
5./
23
0.
0 143
2|25
0.0-
0.0
0.0
20. 0.0 00
12.7
2
2.9 2-9
374 0.0
31.4
60, 0.5
1.5
53
!!.
0 53 276 0.0.276
10
143, 00 14.3
0 1 57 00,57
10
10. 10 00. 14314.3
190|27 17 169.231.100. |299 83 |382 78321.7 VeD. 155 37 192 80p19.3/100. 45 25 70 664.3 35.7 100.
TABLE A59
EVALUATION
_OF
ALL
RELIABILITY
GROUPS,
SIGHTINGS FOR
CIVILIAN
1952
BY SIGHTING
OBSERVERS
EXCELLENT
Number
6000
DOUBIFUL
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Number
POOR
Per Cent
[Doubtful Total Certain. Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Douttful Total
4.
1. 45
8.2152
6
13./
43.
23 66.
10.5
5.6
16./
40
42
82
13 143
28
13.41
12.4
5.8.18.2
0.D.13.1
52
28 .85
6.8
20.2
12
29
101
125
5.0.12.5
13
23
36
10.2 /6.0
10
113./
82
21.8
66 123
13.9
52
13.7
16.1
30.0
24.
90
W84
16.3.15.2.32.0
26
19
45
5.8
11.5
8.4. 19.2
2
43
0.0
4.3
10
17
2.7
9
20
19%6
3,5
3.
1.3
0.0 13
0.0:
0.0. 0.0
0.2
3. 09
0.4 13
Q.0
0.0. 0.0
9 10
0.72
0.4
3
3
0.2
2.2
24
2
4
0,5
1.0
1.5
0.3
0.3
0.l
0.0
00 0.0
2
2
4.3
0.0 4.3
14
0 14
2
13.4
2
0.0
34
71
71 123
0.01
0.0
e.0
2. 05
0,0
0,5
18
e
18
39.4.
0.0
20.7
18
7 22 33 0.1.
D.0 12.3
52
52.
0.0 23.0
3.8
1
23.0
27. 04.31
0.D. 394, 85
22
, 85
10.7
061,117
0.0
11.7
31
37. 16.400/164
0.0 22
4-12
2,0
1.0
3.0
1le
218
2.8 03
31
2
г
0.0. 09. 09
38
84682.612.4.100/27213814/10/h3 33.7100.
1394181
595685) 31.5.100. 147 59 226.23.9/26/11000
139

===== PAGE 149 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 3305, "method": "ocr", "page": 149, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE A6Q
REPORTED
COLORS
OF OBJECTS
SIGHTED
B4 YEARS,
ALL
SIGHTINGS
ALL YEARS
1947
1948
1942
450
1451
1952
NUMBER PERCENT. NUMBER PERCENT NUMBER PERCENT NUMBER PERCENT NUMBER PEelEM NUMBER PERCENT NUMBER PERCENT
WHITE OR GLOWING WHITE
725
242
28
23.9
45
22.0
94
238
17.6
12
23.5
38
23.8
496
24.6
METALLIC
549
17.2
24 20.5
60
15.2
26
16.3
COLOR NOT STATED
36
81
265
322
15.9
436
136
15.
19.9
15.6
250
ORANGE OR GLOWING ORANCE
30
25.6
31
2.9
61
25
298
9.3
39
6
5.1
21
10.2
24
12.4
6./
2.3
17
10.6
223
11.0
RED OR GLOWING RED
253
1.9
_6.0
14
6.8
31
4.4
11
8.8
10
6.3
158
1.8
GREEN OR GLOWING GREEN
1.0
15
1.3
16.2
124
b.l.
LIGHT GLOW, COLOR GOT KADWN
224
0.9
64
4.2
4.4
219
6. 8
YELLOW OR GLOWING YELLOW
208
6.5
BLVE OR GLOWINia BLUE
145
4.5
BLACK OR GLOWING BLACK
67
2.1
LIGHT GLOW INOETERMINATE Coas
13
0.4
MIDLET OR GLOWING VIOLET
8
0.3
5
8
4
4
2
4.3
14
le. 8
19
4.8
15
68
5.8
4.9
5.0
158
7.8
12
5.9
23,
2.2
6.9
145
7.2
3.4
21
4. L
3.4
8
3.9
5.3
3.6.
5.0
93
Z
3.4
8
2.0
2.0
3.8
36
1.8
0.0
2
1.0
5
1.3
0.D
D.b.
5
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
10
0.6
4
0.2
GLOWING GRAY
8
0.3
0.0
0.0
1
0.3
0.3
2
1.3
0.2
TOTAL
3201 100 | 117 100. 205 100.
395 100 1 306 100 | 160|100 1 2018100J
TABLE AbL
WitHE De GLOWING WHITE
METALLIC
COLOR NOT STATER
ORARGE OR GLOWING ORANGE
RED De GLOWING REQ
GREEN OR GLOWING GREEN
YELLOW UR GLOWING YELLOW
BLUE OR GLOWING BLUE
BLACK. OR GLOWING BLACK
LiGHT 660W INPETERMINATE COLDR
KOLES OR GLOWING VIOLET
GLOWING GRRY
IOTAL
TABLE A62.
REPORTED.
COLORS OF OBJECTS SIGHTED_ BY YEARS,
UNIT.
S/6HTINGS
_ALL YERES
4947
1948
1949
1950
1951
1952
NUMBER PERCENT NUMBER PERlENT NUMBER PERCENT NUMBER PERCENT NUMBER/ERLENT NUMBER PERCENT NUMBER PERCENT
610
23.9
27
21.8
26
17.0
51
24.2
50
23.9
33
24.1
417
24.2
422
16.5
22
22.7
30
19.6
3%
15.7
40
325
12.Z
22
22.7
23
15.0
26
11.0
42
19.1
25
18.2
268
15.6
20.L
23.
16.8
189
11.0
253
9.9
3
203
7.9
4
3.1
16
10.5
18
7.6
6.
22
14
10.2
196
11.4
4.1
23
9. Z
10.0
4-4
8.L
175
1.0
15
118
7.0
4.1
10
185
1.2
7
1.2
10
121.
4. Z
3.1
54
2.3
4./
10
0.4
0.0
2
7
0.3
0
0.0
0.2
0.0
9.8
4.5
6.5
3.9.
3.9
13
0.0
00
11.0
10
48
140
26
7
5.1
116
6.7
13
5.5
5.3.
5.1
133
16
6.8
4.3
8
5.8
7.7.
135
11
4.7
1.8
2.5
2
0.8
P.D
11
6
2
5.3
5.8
82
33.
4,8
2.9
4
29
1-9
0.0
0.7
0.3
1.0
L
0.Z
4
02
1
0.4
D.S
0.0
4
0.2)
2554| 100.
97
100.
153 100.
• 236
1100.
209
1100.
1131 | 100.
1722 100.
REPORTEO
COLORS
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
DE OBJECTS
SIGHTED BY
YEARS
LILITE OR GIONING WHITE
511
23.5
METALLIC
389
11.Z
COLOR NOT STATER
ORANGE DR GLOWING ORANGE
271
12.3
221
10.0
RED OR GLOWING RED
179
.8.1
GREEN OR GLOWING GREEN
144
6.6
LIGHT GLOW, COLOR NOT KNOWN
152
в 9
YELLOW OR GLOWING YELLOW 159
BIVE OR GLOWING BLE
93
7.2
42
BLACK OR GLOWING BLACK
57
2.6
RiGHT GLOW INDETERMINATE COLON
0.3
VIOLET OR GLOWING VIOLET.
5
0.2
GLOWING GRAY
5
0.2
LTOTAL
2199 120.
22
20
18.
3
3
0
4
3.
2
4
0
27.8
25.3
22.8
3.8
3.8
0.0
5.1
3.8
2.5
5.1
0.0
0.a
0.0
79 100.
25
29.
21
16
12
10
5
17.5
20.3
14.7
11.2
5.6
8.4
1.0
6-3
3.5
4.2
1.4
0.0
0.0
143 100.
43
34
12
15
19
12
12
5
0
23.1
18.3
10.2
8.L
10.2
11.3
6.5
6.5
2.Z
27
0.0
0.0
0.5
186
100.
44
36
31
16
8
26.0
21.3
18.3
3.0
9.5
4.1
4.7
4.7
3.6
3.0
0.0
L
0.6
0.6
169
1100
27 | 22.3
22
18.2
22
18.2
12
9.9
5.0
5.8
5
Z
4
4.1
5.8
5.8
33
0.8
0.8
0.0
121
1100.
35623.7
248
165
160
10.2
170
11.3
12%
8.5
96
113
6.4
1.5
120
68.
8.0
4.5
33
2,2
03
3
0.2
3
0.2
1501100.
140

===== PAGE 150 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 4148, "method": "ocr", "page": 150, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
ho Balloon
1- Astronomical
2-Arcrat
it Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16 insuffic into.
7. Psycholopical
&-Unnown
Total
Evaluation
:0-Balloon
(2-Aircratt
13-Light Phenom.
1t-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
i 6-Insuffic. into.
:1-Psychological
8-Unknomn
19-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
i6-Insuftic. into.
¡2-Psychological
8-Unknown
i9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
,0-Balloon
: 1- Astronomical
12-Arrcsatt
I Light Phenom
14-Burds
15-Clouds, Dust, elc.
G- Insuffic tato.
7-Psychological
B- Unknow
2-Other
Total
TABLE Ab3
EKALVATION.
OF
ALL SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS
cOLORs.
REPORTED
TOTALS
WHITE OR GROWING WHITE
METALLIC
COLOR NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul! Total Certain Doubtful: Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubthe Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
270 180450
84 5.6.14.0
72
63 140 29 2.04.4
476. 34/817 14.9 10.6 255.116
83.199 3.6
2.6. 6.2
79
1. 39 118 2.5 12 37 32
8 25.571.0. 08 1.8
11
11. 23 03 03 06 41
18 59. 13 0.6 19
354. 288.642 U.1
32
24
9.0.101
69. 134 30 22 92.101
33. 65 13, 07 30
19.
1.0
e8 LE
3
| 0.3. 04
10, 29|
0.6
0.0. 01 A1
23. 09
2 8
13
-0-2
0. 1. 0.3
02
• 0.1 03
| a5 0.4 0.4. 0.%
298.
41
7 0.1 0.1 02
e100 a1
0 298 93 00 93 58
38
10. 48 12 03 1.5
0 11.03. 00,0.3
659l
11
0 58 18 00 18
75.
24. 00.74
0689 31.5
2.02151/77
8 03 00 0.3
0.177 5.5 0.05.5126
0113 35 00 3,5
112| 35 147 35 11 4.6 38
0 38 09 00 09 25
0 25 08 00 08 43 O43 43 13 00/3
1300.90/320171.9.28.1100. 594 329.77317.0.7.2/742418131549/3.14.1072368 68|436|115 3.11/3.6
CRANGE OR GAmING CRANGE
- RED OR GLOWING RED
GREEN OR GLOWING GREEN
LIGHT GLOW, COLOR NOT KNOWN
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Totai Certain] Doubthul! Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain| Doubthil Totat Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cert
Certain! Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota
18
29
16
49
3.1.
0.3
19
10 36
0.5
3
0.0
0.1
14
29
29
0,3
0.I
58
152
01
18
15
64
0.5
04, 0.9
L.0.
29
3./
31
64
7.0
4.9
16
1,5
05
33
10.
10
1-0.
0.3
2.0
26
93
0.9
0.b
99
0,2
0.3
0.5
48
18
44
0.8
1A
26
26
52
18
2,0
1.8
0.0
0.1
0.2
0.1
0.0
1.6
0,3
2
8
0.3
2
3
0.2
2
0.1
0.0
4
4
0.1
0.1.
0.0
0.0
в. D
0.11
30
20
66.
be
17
0.0
0-6.
0.3
2.1
2.0.
0.0
00
0.0
0.D
0.0
2
0.0
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.6
0.0
0.3
17
0.0
2.1
51
18
0.0.
0.0
0.6
15
224.
.. 24. 2971 7.0
2.3
9.31.93
17.
e51
0, 15
60. 2536.0
0.0
2
09
00
0.4
35
1.0
0.0
0.
1.6
0.5
D.0
30
30
0-9
00
0.0
4
00
0.0
09
31
25
1
31
0.2
08
0.0
08
0.1
0.0
0.1
0.1
1.0
0.0
1.2
0.0
1.0
0.2
197.91
116
1105 224 3.6
3A 70157
62|219 49
1.9.65
YELLOW OR GLOWING YELLOW
BLUE OR GLOWING BLUE
BLACA OR GLOWING BLACK
LIGHT GLOW, INDETERMINATE COLDA
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
Number
Number
Certain | Doubttul
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain |
Doubtful|
Total
Certain Doubtfull
Total
Certain. Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total
9
27
0-6
0.3
0.9
0.2
0.l
0.3
5
7
12
0.2
0.2
04
0.1
0.0 0.1
39
25
L
16
2
2/
12
0.7
17
40
0.8
19
0.8
2.3
42
0.5
is
0.3
0. k
2
0.1
1.3
0.2
1.3
0.0
0.1
2
3
0.1
0.0
0.1
0.2
0.0
D.D
0.5
0.0
Q.1
16
25
2
0.1
0.0
0. 1.
043
1.3
0.0. 1.334
5
0.2
0.0. 0.2
48
10
25, 23
10,20
12
D
3
e
0.0
0 2 01
Dal
10
0,34
1./
0.0
0.0
0.1
4
12
0. z 01.
D.0 d.1
0.1
0.2
20
0.2
8
20
1.4
0.2
03
0.0
0. 6
0.0
0.1
Q.1
0.2
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.1
0.2
O.1
0.0
0.0
3
0.1
00
10
0-0
0.1
6.0.
0.0
0.0
4
0.3
0.1
03
0.0
e.0 0.1
0 |2
04
0.0
0.4
2 01 00 01
0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
00
0.0 0.1
0.0. 0.0
156 52208 49 16|651/06 39 145 33|12 45|46 21 67 4 07 21
6
7. 13. 0.2, 0.10.4
VIOLET OR GLOWING VIOLET
GLOWING GRAY
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain
I Doubtal | Toil Certain Docal Total certain Doubie Total Certain out Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain botul | Total
0.1
0.1
0.11
0.0
0.L
0.0
0.1
3
0.2
0.D
0.1
0
0.00.1
0.0
D.D
5
0.0
0.1
0.21
0.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
D.DI
0.0
0.1
0,3
0.0
0,0
0.10.1
10
D.0
0.0 0.D
2.0
0.0 1.0
0-0
0
00
00. 0.0
DD
00
0.0 0.0
4
e.L
0.0 01
0.0
0.0. 0.0
2 8 02 01 03
141

===== PAGE 151 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 4345, "method": "ocr", "page": 151, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Eraluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronoaical
2-Arrcraft
3 Light Phenoms.
1-Birds
5-Clouts, Dust, etc
1E Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
9-Otrer
Total
TABLE
A64
EVALVATION OF UNIT
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS BY
COLORS
REPORTER
TOTAL
WHITE OR GROWING WHITE
METALLIC
COLOR NOT STATED.
dumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
228151 379
8.9 5.9 14.8
24. 2.1
4.5
651
32. 972.5
1.3|38
Z/|
0,8
1,9
383 256 639.15.0 10.0 25.0
6L
93
50.111
28
49
1./
67.160 3,6 2.6
6.2
17, 0.3
0. 4 0.7
0.9
292 235 527 11.4
23
16
39
0.6
1,5
9.2.20.6
49
3
54 103 1.9 2./ 4.0
9
88
54 142, 3.4
11.
| 2.1. 5,5
48
1,3
0.6
1.9
32
21/ 531.3
0.8 |2,1
D.3 0.4
13
0,4
0.9
4
03
4
0.l
4
0.2.0.3
0.0
0.1. 0.1
10
23 05
7
6 0,2
0.1.
0.1
3
0.1
0,4
3
4
0.2
0. 0.7
e
5
0.2
О1. 0.3
Z. 10
03
0.11.
0
L
0,0, 0.1
261
2./
D.1
0.0
0./
0. 261 10,2
0.0. 10.2
54
0, 54
0.0| Z./
40
40
17.6
1.0. 1.6
70
70
7,7
0.0 2.7
36
9
145
1.4
0.4.1.8
8
2 10
0,3
0.1
0.4
8
0.3
0.1. 0.4
6
0 497 195
0.0 19.5
0,0
5.1
0.2
0.0
0,2
497
131
0. 131 51
84
0 84. 3.3
0.0 3.3
2.8
0.0 2.8
92 28 1203.6
//
47
19
/ 200.7
01 0.815
6 21 06 0.20.8
29
6
35 //
02 13
11537 717 2554 71.9/28.1 100. 1423 187/610 16.6 73 23.9.315|107 422/2.34.2 16.5 264
6/|325/0,3
2.412.7
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom,
4 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, elc
:GInsutfic. Info.
T-Psychological
B-Unknown
gather
Total
ORANGE OR GLOWING DRANG E
Per Cent
REe oR GLeNING RED GREEN OR GLeWING GREEN LIGHT GLOW, COLORNOT KNeMA
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful!
Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certair
Doubttal
Total
Certain Doubthul Total Certain
Doubtful Total
le
10
26
0.6
0,4
28
1.0
65
2.7
22
1.6
2648
10
10
0.9
0.4
1.0
0,0.
19
0.4
13
50
23
10
21
17
73
71
0,5
2.0
0.4
0.9.
3
3
0.!
14
10.
124
0,4
0.9
40
0.8
2,8
0.1
0,0
0.5
52
20
122
2.0
2.7
37
46.
1.4
1.8
3
0.9
H.7
0,4
0.1
0.7
1,6
Z
0,2
2
2
3
О./.
0.0.
0.0
0.2
0.0
0
0,0
0.1
0.0
18
0.7
0.0 0.7
0./ 0.3
55
0.2
2,2
0.0
2.2
18
3
35
18
0.0
0.1
0.7
2.0
0.7
0.1
0,1
14
0.0
1.4
19
0000004
17
• 010/0
19
2
0,3
0.4
0,3
0.1
0.0
0,0
0,4
0.7,
0,4 0.7
21
25
146
0.D OL
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.0. 0.4
0,0.
0.0
0.0
9
17
0.7.
0,4
0.3 0.7
0.1
al D1
001b
24
24
0.8.
02
0.0
D.D
0.9
0.0
0.9
0.7
10
1.8
0.1 0.3
0.1
0.1
0.1
0.0
0.2
О.9
0,1
0.D
0.1
D.D
0.9
177
76253 69 3.0. 9.91150
53 203 59 2/179 95
80 175|3.73./ 6.9129. 49178|5.1
1.91
7.D
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insutfic. Into.
L-Psychological
18-Unkrown
gather
Total
DELLOW OR GLeNNING TELLOW
BLUE OR GLOWING BLUE
BLACK eR GLOWING BLACK LIGHT GLOM, INDETERMINATE COLA
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total
| Certain | Doubtfull
Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain
[Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtfut Total
17
34
976
0.7
0,4
4
0.2
0.1
2,12
16
0.3
0.5
0.1
0.0
1Z
51
16
138
1.3
0.9
0.7
2,0
1,5
44
10
9
1.7
0,3
0,2
0.1
22
0.6
0,4
0.6
О.H
23
0.8
2. 9
0.3
0.1
0,4
/
O.l
0.0
0.1
0.0
12
00
OND
0.1
19
0.1
0.0
0,5
0,0
0.3
0.8
3
0.0
0.0
4
2
0.0
0.1
О.1
0.1
0.2
0.1 0.2
0
2
2
2.0.
0.1
0.0
0.1
0.1
0./
0.0
C.D
0.0
0,0
О.1.
0./
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
15
15
0.6
0.0
О.6
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0.1
0.0. 0.4
D.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. 2. 91, 00, 01
36
61.36
L
11.4 0.0
1.4 29
2.
! 22
0.1
10
0,4
0.1.
(1 0.2.
14 01
1102 C
0.0
0.0
0.0
1./
00 1.1
9
2 9 04 00 04/
О.1
0.0. 0.1
3
5 01 01 02
0
2. 0.1
0.0 0.1
2 2.00 01010
0.0
0.0
0.0
1/36 49 185|5.3|1.9172/94 27 12/|3.7. 1.1 47 40
19/59 16 07.231 6
4
10
02, 02,0.41
0- Balloon
: 1- Astronomical
2-Anrcraft
3 Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insuffic Into.
7-Psyctolopical
s-Other
Total
GLOWING GRAK
Per Cent
Number
Per Cest
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul! Total'
Cerlain Doubtfui! Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total
Certain Doubtfui Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtfull Total Certain Doubtful |Total
L
0.0
0.1
0.
/
0.1
0.0
0.1
00 01
0.0
0.1
СЛ. 0.2
0.1
0.0
0.1
0./
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
0
0.l
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.1
00.
0.0
1
0.0. 0.1
0D
2.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0L
0.0
0.0
01
C.0. 0.0
в в
0.0
0.0.0.0
0./1
0.00./
e
0.0 0.0.0.0
41317|02 010.31
41216|02 01|0.2
142

===== PAGE 152 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 4128, "method": "ocr", "page": 152, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
'o-Balloon
1-Astronoesical
!2-Aurcratt
i3-Light Phenom,
4-Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc.
iF Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8-Unsknomm
9Other
Total
TABLE
AkS
EVALKATION
DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS FDR
ALL YEARS
BY.
REPERTER
TeTAL
WHITE OR GLOWING NHITE
METALHC
COLOR NOT STATER
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul!
Tol certain Doubtl Tol Certain Docentl Told certain Dodel Toal certain outl To Certain Douse Tobal carbin poor Total
267.132 339 44
60 15.4 56. 45.101 25 2.0 45 56 28 84 25 13 38
24.16
401l
0.7 1.8
274-765 479,.12.51
93 21.8. 66. 58 124 3.0, 2.6. 5,6
8 15 03 04 07 11
9 20
| 0.51
alt 0.9
265209474121
9,5 21.6 4// 44. 85 19 2.0
3
7.10
3.9 85 52 137 3.9. 2.4.6.3 28|
30 18 48 14
0.8. 2.2
0,3 0.4
3
2 0n
0.2. 0.3
12. 10. 22 05
0.5 10 4
3
L
6 0.2
0.3
1 4 01 01 02
_Z 10 01
0.3 0.4]
3
4. 0.1
0.1 0.2
0./
0.00.1
240
0 240 10.9
00 10.9.48
0 48 22
0.0|2.2
38
0 38.17
0,07.71
35.
9 44 1,6.
0.4. 2.0 8
2 10 04
0./ 0.5
8
1 9 04 01 0.5
0 26
00/0109
44
1.3
0.72.0
0.0
0.2
a0 03
0.1.
2.8
0.0 01
0.0,2.8.
D.3
0.0. 0.3
434
0 43419.7
0.0197 112
0 112 3.1
0.0| 51 76
3.5 0.0| 35 62
0
67
2,8
0.0, 7.8
85 | 24.109 3.9, 11. 5.0 16
1 17 07
0.1 0.814
4 18 06-020826
5 31 12| 0.2 1.4
1535 614 2199 721|27.9 100. 355 /62 517 16.1 7.4 23.5/29/ 98 389/13.2 45 17.7/224 47271102|2,1 12,3
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
i4-Đirds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-Insutic into.
1-Pspcholorical
18-Unknomn
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
if-Insuffic. info.
1-Psychological
{8-Unknown
190ther.
Total
Evaluation
1oBalloon
¡ 1-Astronomical
12-Aurcraft
3-Light Phenom
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dusi, etc.
6- Insuffic lato.
7-Psycholozicl
-CRANGE OR GLOWING ORANGE
RED OR GLOWING RED TREEN OR GARWING GREEALIGHT GLOM, COLOR NOT KNOWN
Certain Doubtfull Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful, Tolal Certain "Doubtful Total
Certain
T Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful!
Total Certain | Doubtut
Total
I. Certain
Doubtful
Total
15
125
30
10.
6.7
0.5
1.1
1,2
2,5
13.
9 22
6.6
0.4
1,0
3
3
0.0
25
55
1,4
3
14
8
0.6
0.4
1.0
22
4C
0.8
1,0
10
1.5
1.8
38
16
54
22
14.30
0.7
0,6
2,4
116
E
0.5
2
0.0
3
0.7
0.2
0.0
00v4
0.1
2.0
0.1
4.5
_22
148
2.5
25
34
0.4. 1,5
0.3
0.3
0.6.
2
18
40
!./.
0,8
1,0
1,8
0./
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.B
C.0
C.0
O.D
O.
0.0
C.D
00F
5
02
01
0.0
0.3
0,1
0.0
0.1
0.1
17
12
c.8
02
0.0
4
3
Z
0.1
0.8
18
0.3
0
18.
3
U.
0.0
0.8
0,4
0.4
0./
49
49
12.2
0.0
12.2
3
33
33
1,5
0.0
0.0
1,5
14
00
9
0
0.0
0,0
0.0
O.0.
0.0
0,6 2/
9.
Z.
116
0,4
03
0.7
7
29
14
0.6
0.3
O.
0.4
3
4
0,1
O.1.
0.2
5.
0010
1.0
0.9
0.0
0.1
10
0.1
1.0
0,0
1.0
0.7
0.0. 0.7
153 68/221 70 3.1 10.1
135 441796112.0
8.11
63 144 37 29.65 /08 44 152|4.9|2.0: 6.9
VELLOW 0B GLOWING YELLON BLUE OR GLOWING BLUE
Number
Per Cent
Humber
BLACK OR GLOWING BLACK LIGHT GLOM, INDETERMINATE COLOR
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtfu]| Tota! Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful |
Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful! Total Certain "Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total
16
8
24
0.7
0,4
38
1.1
0.6
1.L
3
4
0.1
0./
0.2
5
12
1,3
1.8
0.2
03 05
0.0
D
0.1
aD
O./
24
27
14
1.7
14
28
O.L
0.0
0.0
36
5
/
1.0
0.b
38
0.5
O.D
1,6
6
0,4
0.4 0.8
0.1
8
0./
0./
ON
0.5
0.3 08
0.0.
0.1
0.1
0./
0.7
0/0
0.2
2
0.0
0.3
0.0
00
0,0
00.
O.
0.1
0.2
0.0
14
0.0
0.).
0./
0.1
0.!
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
3
3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.1
14
0.6
0. 0. 0.6
00
0.0
0,5
0.1
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
10
0.0
2
0
2
0.0 0./
0.1
0
10
3L
0.31
1.4
0.1
1
0.0 1,4 26
2 12 00 12 3 6 03 00039% 00 0000
5
0 26 1.2, 0.01.2
3
010222 0 26 02 0002 2 2 2 03 00031606 0 00 01
01 00 0.1
V/7|42/595319722221933310.4238 195717 0926527102 01103
VIOLET OR GrOWING VIOLETI
GLOVING GRAY
Nember
Per Cent
Certain Doubtul Total
Certain | Doubtfull
Total
Certain
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful Total Certain
_ Doubtful Total
Contin Doubtl Tobal certain outl Toat certain Doubtl Total Certain Post Tal
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,1
0.
O.
00
0.1
0.2
0.0
0.1
0.0.
O./
0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
O.1
0.0.
0.
D•L
0.
0./
0./
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0:0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.
0.l
aD
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.1
0.0
0.1
0.0
0.00.0
2
5
O.
0.1
0,2
15 0/
0./ 0.21
143

===== PAGE 153 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 4355, "method": "ocr", "page": 153, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
i1-Astronomical
12-Arrcsalt
13-Light Phenom
i4-Burds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E Insullic Into.
7-Psyctolopical
8-Unakromn
3-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
-5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
5-insuftic Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-0 ther
Evaluation
Q-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
+ Birds
Is Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-insuffic Into.
Psycholopical
Total
Evaduation
-Balloon
1- Astronomical
2-Aircratt
7-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insultic into.
7-Psycological
13-08304
Total
TABLE ALL
EKALKATION
DE ALL SIGHTINGS
EOR
ALL
YEARS
ALL YEARS
NUMBER OF 94ECTS PER 516HTING 48
ONE
OBJECT
Number
1949
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Nusber
Per Cent
Certain Doubthl Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtti Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cortain Doudital Total
228 147
1375
9.5| 6.1/15.6
5
70.00
7.0
15
19
34|90 11.4 20.4 14
5
436 311
747
18/12.9 310
6
35
40.8 8.4 <9.2
34
34 68 203 20.3|406 64 128
17.
43 15|58
192 197 394 59.1
22?, 197, 424
9.4
8.2 17.6
19
30
0.8
0.5
2
o.!.
1.3
0.1
0.4
0.5
0.2
21
0.9
O ON
0 0 0 0
8.9
0.0
1.4
8.9
0.0
1.4
a0
00/0o/0a
0.0 28 28
5
14. 5.4 30 84
28
12
40
3.7 12.3
2.8
0.0
2.8
21
0.6 06, 12
0.0
0.0
2
0.6. 06, 12
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 00 00
0 0 0
8.6
a0
00 00
0.0 00 00
215
34
463
99
7.0
0,0
7.0
2.8
0.0 2.8
19.2
19.2
012
8
16.9
00 16.9
41 00 41
8 1.3 0.0|11.3
16
23
8
16
9.6
0.0 | 96
00| 00|00
22
23
13.8
0.0 138
8 48 00 48 10
6 0 0 0 0
0.0
0.000
22
6.8
00 6.8
a 3
40|12.3
0.0.0.3
0.0 12:3
| 1031|0.0 3.1
1731 679/240 71.8/28.2100 | 63
8|71/88.7|11.3 100. 107/60|167 641359100. 179145 324 55.3 44.7,100.
1950
1951
1952
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain! Doubtfui Total
Certain Doubtful "Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful
Total Certaia Doubtfull
Total Certain Doubtful Total
30
7
37
11.8
2.8
14.6
10
4
14
7.4
2.7
10.31
154/12
266 10.6
7.7,183
46
25
71
18.1
9.8
279
23
22
14
37. 16.9
10.3
272
240
104 344 16.5
7.1
13
35
8.6
5.1
/3.7
15
2211.0
5/16.1 153158.
236
311. 10.5.10.81
21.3
00
0.0
0.0
3
15
0.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
a0
2.2
0.0
23
10
0.6
0.0
1.6
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
a0
0.0
0.0
9
0.6
0.8
1.st
44
53
10
44.
17.3
0.0 17.310
10
4
1.6
0.0
1.6
2
2
7.4
15
00
74 118
0
0,0
25
53
20.8
0.0|20.8
$3
1.5
45131.6
0.0
31.f
298
12
0
21
118
8./
8.1
25 17
0.0
1.7
1292 200
0.0 200
101
3.9
0.0
3.9
5
5
3.7
3.7
58
58
4.000
40
209| 75 254823177|100. 110 26 136|809 19.1.100. 1063 395 1458 72.9 2711100.
TABLE
A6I
ELALUATION
OF
DE ALL SIGHTINGS
FOR
NUMBER
OBJECTS
PER SIGHTING I
ALL
ALL
TWO
YEARS
B4
OBJECTS
YEARS
1947
1948
1949
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtlui Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Armie
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Tolas Certain Doubtra Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
22
21
43
8.0
7.6 15.6
0,0
0.0
0.0
6.7
6.7 |13.4
2
10.0
0.0
10.0
12
13
25
4.4
2
2
22.222.2
444
13.3
6.7
20.0
10
30.01
20.0
50.0
.53
43
4
96
47
9.1
19.3
15.6 349
11./
0.0
11.1
3
0
20.0
0.0
20.0
10.0 200 30.0
2
1.F
0.7
0
0.0
0.0
0,0
6.7
0.0
6.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
~ O
2.1
wo
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
119
0:7
0.4
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
a0
0,0
0.0
0.0
19
6.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
6.9
0
00
0.0
0,0
0.0
4
00
1.4
0.0
1.4
00.
0.0
0.0
0 00 00,00
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
64
64
23.3
0.0. 23.3
0.0 28.2
15
15
5.4
0,0
5.4
2 22 00 222
G e
2
4
2 |13.3
0.0 13.3
2
10.0
195
80|275|20.9129/1100.
2
7
0.0.100
4 267 0.0 26.7
0,0
0.0
0.0
2 | 9/778 222/00|13
2/15/86.7/123.100.12
8 20 600.400100.
195°
195/
195₴
Humber
Per Cont
Total
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Total
Certain
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtfull
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain, Doubtful
[Doröthel| Total Certain | Doubtfil| Total Certain DoubtfiT Total Certain Doubtful | Total
5.3
0.0
5.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
18
20
38
8.7
9.7
18.4
0.0
0.0
ao
0
0.0
00
0.0
2
6
8
10
8.9
3.9
0 0 0
N
31.6
5.3
36.9
a0
0,0
0.0
41
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
38
79
19.8
18.4 38.2
ao
0,0
2
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
1.4
10
00
0,0
2.4
0.0
00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
do
00
0.0
5.3
00
5.3
0.0
00
0.0
2
3
10
0.5
15
18
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
18
8.7
0.0 8.7
0.0
4
0.0 19
9
18
47.46
47,4
80.0
4
85
45
1.9
0.0
00| 800
217
0.0217
5.3
00
5.3
20.0
00 20,0
Z
Z
3.4
0.0 3.4
19|947
5.3 100.
5
5100000400. 1401
67/207676 324100.
144

===== PAGE 154 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 4058, "method": "ocr", "page": 154, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1)-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3 Light Phenom.
,4-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
. f Insultic Into.
7-Psychological
|&-Unknown
13-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
|1-Astronamical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phesom.
+ Birds
15 Clouds, Dust, etc.
EInsuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
18- Unknam
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
T-Psychological
8-Unknown
90ther
Total
Evaluation
D-Balloon
11- Astronomical
2-Aurcratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust etc.
i6 Insuffic into.
7-Psycho borical
A- Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE Ab8
EVALUATION
DE
ALL.
SIGHTINGS.
EOR
ALL
Att
NUMBER
OF
OBJECTS
PER
YEARS
SIGHTING, THREE TO TEN
YEARS
OBJECTS
1947
1948
1949
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtrul Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtfal | Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtfull Total Certain Doubtful Total
15
10
25
4.2
2.8
1.0
4.0
0.0
4.0
0
/
le. 7
0.0
0
00 00 00
19
2.0.
5.4
0.000
2
0.0.13.3.13.3
67
4
6
42
108
23
38
105
3.4
18.810.6
29.4
4.0
0.0
40
0
3
200. 00 20.0
9
10
1.1
0.0
2.1
3.8.34.7|38.5
10
14
2.8
3.9
0.0
0.0
00
4
0.0 2. 7 26.7
0.0
00 00
8
14
17
2.2
139
0. 0
0.0
3
6.7 13.3.20.0
1.0
3.8
0.0
0.0
3.8
0,0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
42
0.0.0.0
11.8
0.0. 11.8
7
280
0.0
28.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
7
26.9
0. 0 26.9
5
0.3
1.4
0.0.
4.0
4.0
0.0
0.0 00
3.8
0.0. 3.8
108 303 00 303
З6.0
0.0360
2
13.3
0.0
13.3
5
19.2
0.0 19.22
2
25 6.4
0.6
2.0
6
240
0.0240
00. 00.00
0
0.0
_0.0.00
27384357765235100
24
1259601
4. 0 100.
7
8 15.46.7533 100.
16
10
26/61.5|38.5,100.
1950
1951
1952
Number
PerCent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain] Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
7.1
0.0.
2.1
0.0
0.0. 00 /
10 21 44 4.08.4
0.0
2.0:00
3
5 18.2. 27.3.45.5
3
7 10 12 28 40
12
393
3.6
42.9
9.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
9./ 50
28 78 198 11.1.309
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4
6
10 16 24. 4.0
5
0.0
0.0
5
1022. 2040
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 00 00 00
0
14.3
0.0.143
0.0
0.0
9.1
23
0 23 91 00 91
0.0-
0.0
0.0
0.01
0.0
3
300. 12 12
2
28.6
3
00
0.0 28.L
213
81
36
273, 00
36 1.2
9.1 0.0
9.1
15
0 8/ 32/ 00.32.1
1 1659 04 63
26
2
28 92.9.7.1 100
8 3 | // 12.7213 100. 192
60 25216.223.8 100.
TABLE
_AbR
EVALUATION
OF ALL
SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS
NUMBER
OF OBJECTS
ALL
YEARS
Number
1947
PER
SIGHTING
1948 ELEVEN
OR
MORE
OR OBSECTS
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubthal Total
Certain | Doubtul| Total Certain Doubth| Total Certain Douttu Total Certain Doubtul | Total
2
1.1
1.2
0.000
0
0
00. 00.00
20 00. 00
7
3
3
1.4.
4.2
0.0
11.6
0.0 0.0
100 25.0250
0.0 00. 00
9
3.2. 6.3
9.5
L
0
0.0
0.0.00
1250 00 250
/
0.0 5.6.56
3.2
0.0
3.2
63
1.1
1.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 00 00
0 00 00
0.0
0.0
2.0 00
00 00 00
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
0.0, 00
0000.00
4 22.20.0.22.2
00. 00 00
0.0 11.6
00 00 00
1250 00 250
5
5. 218 0.0 27.8
3
42
5
4 32
43
2 125/2.5250
/ 25.0 2.0 25.0
5.6. 0.0. 5.6
142 44.2 00.44.2
0 5 62.5. 0.062.5
0 00 00 00
6 53 11164
1. 125 0.012.5
0 00 00 00
6
6 33.3. 0.0 83.3
/
15.6. 0.0. 5.6
8/| 14. 95185.314.7100.
7
18 895 125 100|3
14150250100117 11894.45.6 100
1950
1951
195 2₴
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtiul Total
Certain
Doubitil | Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
Per Cent
MEertain | Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain] Doubtful Total" Certaia Doubtful [TotaT
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
/
2
1.7 1.73.4
50.0
0.0
50.0
0
0-0
0.0 00
3
52 15.5
0,0
0.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.3
0.0
0.0
5
0.0
3
3-4
_ 8.6.12.0
a0
0.0
0.05.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 20.020.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 00 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.0. 0.0 20.0
NOX
3
5.2
3.4
0.03.4
0.0
0.0 00
12 00 69
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
00, 00 00
0 28 40 2000
/
2
50.0
0. 0 50.0
00
0.0
0.0
2
1000
00 vaa
2
4
2
400. 0.0.40.0
28
200.00 200
3, 3.4. 17 5.1
5 80.020.0-100
481
10/58 82817.2/100.
145

===== PAGE 155 =====
{"alpha_words": 123, "chars": 2003, "method": "ocr", "page": 155, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Info.
(7-Psyctological
i 8- Unknown
gOther
Total
Evaluation
E0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE ATO
EVALKATION
DEALE
SIGHTINGS
FOR
NUMBER OF OBJECTS PER SIGHTING,
NUMBER
1947
1948
ALL
YEARS
OF OBJECTS
NOT
1949
STATED
Number
Certain Doubtful "Total
4
5
14
15
4
4
2
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubttul| Tota
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubiful [Total
6.3
1•6
7.9
25.0
0.0 250
0.0
0.0
a0
0
0.0
0.0| 0.0
21.8
16 23.49
6.3
6.3 12.6
3./
1.6
0.0
4.7
9.4
9.4
0000
25.0
00, 250
0.0
25.0250
2
28.6. 0.028.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 | 0.0
0.0
0.0
D.D
00
6
//
16
0.0
16
0/0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
17.2
0.0 17.2
50.0
00
50.0
0
0.0
1.6
00
2
0.01
25.025.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
D.O
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
2
00
0.0
0.0
12
12
16
0.0
00
18.7
0.0 18.7
3./
0.0
3./
0.0
0.
0,0
0
0.
50,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
50
0.0
10/0
0.0
0.0
0.
0.0
2
oW
28.6
0.0,28.6
0.0
0.000
428. 0.042.8
0.0
_0.0. 0.0
57 7 64 889111 100.|
4
0
14/00.9
0.0 100.
500 50.0 100,
7
7 100.0
0.0|/00
1950
195/
1952
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubiful Total Certain] Doubtil Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtanl
Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttu! Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
7.0
2.3
2
2
66.7
0.0:66.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.9
9.3
0.0
20.9
0.0
33.3
333
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
0
Z
9.3
7.0
2
16.3
0.0
0.0
0,0
0
0.0
4.7
0.0
47
0.0
0.0
6
61140
0.0
14.0
a0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
2.3
0.0
2.3
0.0
00
00
2
0.0
0.0
2
66.7
0,0
66.7
7.0
0.0
7.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
33.3
0.0
0.0
2.3
20.9
2.3
0,0
0.0
0.0 20.9
0.0
33.3
0.0
00
0,0
2.3
0.0
2.3
3
3
J000
0.0
100,l
2
3 667 33.3100.1
39
4|43 90.7, 9.3100
146

===== PAGE 156 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 4419, "method": "ocr", "page": 156, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evalustion
0-Ballcon
1-Astoronical
12-Aircrant
3 Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Cloods, Dosst, etc.
E laserffic Into.
7-Psycholorical
1-Uaroтo
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I Astronomical
2-Aircraft
7-Light Phence
4 Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc
6-tisaftic into.
7-Psychological
(9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
.0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clovds, Dest, etc.
6- Insuffic Into.
7-Psycholo gical
f-Unknonn
90ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
: I-Astronomical
2-Arrcratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, elt.
I6 Insuffic no.
7-Psychological
& Underoma
9-Othe
Total
TABLE. ALL
EVALUATON
_DE UNIT
-SIGHTINGS EDR
ALL
YEARS
NUMBER
DE OBJECTS
PER
SIGHTING
ONE
OBJECT
ALL YEARS
Mumber
Mumber
1947
Number
1948
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
[Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total
]Certain Doubtful | Total
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful (Total
490.123 313
9.2
6.4 16.3
5.
5
88
0.0
12
10
22
8.1 17.8
3 13
5.4
1.6
353 227 580 18.4 11.8 30.2
|23
2
298.10.5
8.8
0.0.
40.3
97
10
27
2350
21.8
185. 403\28
76 104 15.2
413
21
8.1
4/3
2.0
56.5
190. 160.350
8.3 78.2
3.2 10.5 15
3.3
47
10
29
9.9
1.0
15
RL
10
01.12
0.2
0.4,06
182
01182
9.5
00 45
29
3
32
1.5 0.2
17
2
e
5
2
2
e
2
3.5
0.0
3.5
35
1.3
08
0.8
11:4
3.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
R0
0.0
00
2
08. 08
01
00
0.0
1.6
0
0.0
0.0
88
00
0.0
0.0
5
2
8.8
00
14
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 14
11.3
0.0
11.3
3.5
0.0
3.5
0.000
21
21
111.4
0.0
11.4
0.0.0.5
338
e 338
17.6 00
117.6
19.3
0.0
81.
19.3
00
0,5
59 22
3./ 1.1
4.2
0 7 123 00 12.3
15
3
0 15
121. 0.0 12.1
19
19
10.3
10.3
7.2.4 3.2
5.6
5
Q
5
2.7
0.0
2.7
13641
553 1917 71.2 28.8100.149
8|5/186.014.0 100 | 82 42 124|66/ |66/ 33.9V00. 99| 85/184 |53.8\46.2 100.
1950
1951
1952
Number
| Doubttul| Total Certain
Doubtful
Total Certain
Nuaber
Certain
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
[Doubtful Total Certain "Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtrul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
19
5,24
11.0.2.2.13.2
3. 12.22. 2.6 10.3
135102-237107 81 188
39
18
57.227.10.5 33.2.
20
31 17.1. 9.4 16.5222
93. 315 17.6. 74 250
18
|27.10.5
5.2.15.7.15
1 22 12.8 60 18.8/33 132 26510.5 10.5 21.0
A 00
00 | 0.0
2
3 17 0.9
2.6
9 23 !1. 0.7. 1.8
2.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
17
0. 0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.
0 00 00 00
0
0.0
0
0.21
e
0.0. 08
3
1. 10/02 06 08
21
12.2. 0.0.12.2
10
e 10
2
1.2
0.0
8.5
0.0 85 111
34
12
0 111. 8800.88
2.09. 0.9.09.18
23
2 25. 18 0.2 2.0
34. 198 00 198
32
0.32 213. 00 .27.3.227
0. 227.180. 00180
3
117, 2.3 4.0
5
0 5 43 00 43 36. 19 50/2911 4.0
1361
36.172 79.1.20.9100.1
94. 23 117 180.419.6 100. 1904 35911263/71. 6 28.4100.
TABLE
A12
EKALUATION
DE UNIL SIGHTINGS
ALL
YEARS
NUMBER
OF OBJECTS
PER
SIGHTING,
TwO
OBJECTS
ALL
YEARS
-1947
Number
Number
Number
1948
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
• Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain, Doubtiulf
'Total Certain" Doubtful Total Certain; Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Totat Certain Doubtfull Total
Humber
] Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful! Total
19
36
2.8 l6.5
0 0.0
0.0 0.0
1100
0.010.0
0
7,1
0.0
7.1
42
12
38
19
3.2
5.5
8.1
2
З 14.3.28.6.429
10.0
0.010.0
80 192
17.436.6
/14.3
0.0.14.3
3
30.0
4
2. 214286
500
0. 0 30.0
2
4 14.314.328.6
18
0.921
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
10.0
0:0
10.0
0.0
00
0.0
e
0.0
0.00.0
00.0
0.0
00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
.0.0
0.0
0.0
O. L
12
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0
0.2. 0.0
8.1
0.0
0.00.0
19
000.00 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00, 0.0
10.5
0.
e 000 00 00
0 00 00. 00
41
10
145
4118.8
13,
4.6
0.0 18.8
/ 14.3
0.0 14.3
000 00 00
14 6.0
2 28.6 00 28.6
3. 4.10.030.0.40.0
2
0
214.3 00 14.3
2 0 00. 00.00
73
218 66.6/33.4100.
5
2
2.11.4/28.6100.
7
3 10/10.0.30.01001
8.
14/57/429100
1950
Number
Per Cent
195%
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtul| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtrul Totad Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
1100
0.0 10.0
0 00 00 00
16 17 33 91 9.718.8
0.
0.0
2.0. 0.0
000 00 00
40.0
2
6 81/ 34,45
10.050.0
000
0000
32 35 67 183 20.0 38.3
0.0
00
00
Q.
0.00.00
0.0
2 5.17.11.2.8
0.0
0.0
00
0 00 00 00
000000.00
0.0
0.0
20
0 00
0.0
0.0
0 00 00 00
L
• NO
10.0
0.0
10.0
Q
000.00
0.0
18
0 18 10.3 00 10.3
2
00
0.0
20.0
00
000 00 00
4 17 06 23
0.0 200
1500 00-500
10.01
2.0 100
1500 00 500
035 2000029
529. 00.29
LIR 900/10.0400.
2
0
35
5
2 v0ad00 x00. 1114 61 1175 165.2 34.8 100
147

===== PAGE 157 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 4217, "method": "ocr", "page": 157, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
(0-Baltoon
: 1-Astronomical
12-Arrcratt
,3-Lipnt Phenom.
4-Bifds
,5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychulofical
&- Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
L-Astronomical
2-Airciatt
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
¡1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
,3-Light Phenome.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Info.
L-Psychologica
B-Unksom
19-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3 Light Phenome
4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
finsuffic Into.
7-Psychalopical
Total
TABLE
A73
EVALUATION
OF
UNIT
SIGHINGS
FOR
ALL
YEARS
BY
NUMBER
OF OBLECTS PER
SIGHTING
• THREE TO TEN
OBJECTS
ALL YEARS
1947
Number
Number
Number
1948
Number
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
[Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtfu
Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain
| Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful] Total Certain Doubtiul | Total
14
23
4.9
32
8./
48
0.0
448
2
91
0.0:
9.
0.0
0.0
0.0
5
12
18
6.0
00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
18.2
18.2
5.6
0.0
5.€
54
4.2
22
27
8 / 18.9
95
L4.8
0.0
Q
2
18.2
0.0
18.2
16.7 22.3
4.
8
1.4
28.4
48
18,2 18.2
5.6
12
2.8
0.0
0.0
2
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
5
8
13
1.8
4.2
00
0
2.8
4.6
Q
0.0
0.0
e
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
9.1
18.2273
0.0
5.6
5.6
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
39
3
39/3.7
0.0
13.7
1.5
e
5
23,8
0.0
23.8
0.0
0.0
6 333
0.0
0.0
4.8
0.0
00
le
.33.3
0.0
0.0
5.6
0.0
5.4
18
40.4
4.2
- 78
27.4
5.6
0.0 21.4
33.3
38.3
2
118
0.1
6.3
9.1
0.0
9..
5
27.8
0.0 27.8
k 28,6
0.0 28.6
0.0. 0.0
00
0.0
0.0 0.0
2/6
1 69 285 758 24.2 100.
20
2/ 95.2 48 100
5
6
11145554.5100
14
4
18. 17.8.22.21100.
Number
1950
Per Cent
Number
1951
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
2
9.1
0.0. 9.L
0 00 00
0.0
0 0.0
00. 00
4.10.0.300 40.0
9 36.4. 4.5 40.9
L.
/10.0
0.0. 10.0
0,00
0.000
0
0.0
10
3.
41
9
19494423
10 15 3.449
23
44 20.2 /1.3
31.5
0.00
2.0
3.0
5.0
000.00.0.0
0.0
10
0 0.0
0.000
5
2.0
2.5
14.5
0
0 00
0.0
0.0
0 00
0.0.00
0 0.0
00. 0.0
418.2
0.0.18.2
110.0
0.0 10.0
23
23
11.3
0.0 11.3
2.0.0
0.0
0.0
00.0
0.0
0.0
20.0
10
1.0
5 22-1 0.0
22.р
4.59.0
3
0
2
3 30.0
0.0 300
110.0
0.0
57
057280
0.0.28.0
2 4.5
10.0.
8
9.3.2
0.5
4.3
120
2. 22 90.9.91 1100.
3. 10.10.0.30.0 100. 150 53 20373.9 26.1 100.
TABLE A74
EKALKATION
OE UNIT
_SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL
NUMBER
DE OBJECTS
_ PER
YEARS
84
ALL
YEARS
1947
SIGHTINGL
ELEVEN
OR
MORE
OBJECTS
1948
1949
Number
Per Cent
Certain (Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful: Total
Mumsber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Number
| Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
2
13
1.3
2.6
Б.1
e
0. 00
0.0 0.0
000 0000
0 00 00.00
8
e
0.0. 00
3
5.1
10.2
0.0
Q
L
10.025.025.0
000. 0000
38
7.6 /1.4
3.8
38
e
000
0.0
L
125.0
0.0
25.0
100. 1727
3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
5
5./
1.3
6.4
0,0
0.0
0,0
0 0.0.
0.0 00
200
0.0
0.0
00.0
0.0
00
Q
0.0
0,0
0.0
10 /2.7
0.0 12.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
/
25.0
0.0250
3
32
5
4 3.8 1.3/51
0. 32 405 00.40.5
L
5
2 12.5 12.5 250
5 425 0.0 625
L
Q
/25.0.0.0 25.0
0 00 00.00
6 6.3
1.3
1.6
\ 12.5
0.0. 12.5
000000.00
65
14 19 /82.312.7.100
8 815 12.5 100
3.
4 05.025.0100.
2
4
/
12
00.0
215.4
0.0/5.4
0.0
30.8
0.0
0.0
0.0 30.8
/ 22 0.07.1
4 30.8. 0.0 .30.8
177 00 77
13 92.37.7 V00.
1950
195/
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul| Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain T DoubttulT Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | DoubttulT Total
] Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
00.00
2./
2./
4.2
50.0
0.0.50.0
00.0
00 00
3
3
6 6.4 6.4
12.8
0.0
0,0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0 00
5
24.3 10.614.2
0.0
0.00.0
3
0
3. 6. 4
0.0 6.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.0.20.0
2
4.3
0.0
4.3
00: 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0. 0.0
0.0
/ 200
00 20.0
4
0.0
D.D.
0.0
8.5
0.0
85
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
50.0
00 500
0,0
0.0
0.0
2
2
1009.00 100
2
4
0.
0
0.0
240.0
0. 0 40.0
20
20
2
42.5
0.0 42.5
20.02
0020.0
3
14.3
2.1. 64
5 80.0 200.100.
37
10|4278.1213100
148

===== PAGE 158 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 2004, "method": "ocr", "page": 158, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astonomical
2-Aircratt
13- Light Phenome.
4-Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7.Psycholopical
8-Uaknown
3-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balioon
1-Astronomical
12-Aireraft
,3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
TABLE, A75
ALL
EVALUATION
DE. UNIT
NUMBER OF OBJECTS PER
SIGHTINGS
FOR
SIGHTING,
NUMBER
ALL
YERRS
84
YEARS
4947
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Number
1948
OF OBJECTS NOT STATED
Per Cent
1949
Certain Doubttul Total
Wussber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Cartain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
41
523
18|91
/25.000
25.2
0
0 00
141
0.0
0.0
000.00 00
15|255
1.8 27.3
1. 25.01
25.0
1 00 25.0 2501
2 286 00 28.6
254
73 12.7.
0 00
0.0
0.0
e 00
00
Q
0.0.00
336
1815.4
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
3 5.4
0.0
5.4
000 0e
0.0
1.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.2
L
e
0.0
100
125.0.26.0
0.0
0 00
0.0 00
e
0.00
00 00
NaDA
0
1/ 20.0
0.020.0
10.0
2
1.8
8 145
1.8
0.0 14.5
2.3.k
0.0 3.6
L500
0.0
еле
0.050.0
20050.0500
00 00
0 0.0.
00 00
0.0
0.0
e
0.0 0.0
0. 0.0
00 0.0
3
0.0 0.2
100
0.0
0.0
: 28.6
0 00
3.42.9
a 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0i0 28.6
0.0 0.0
0.0.42.9
0.00.0
47
855 85514.5 100.
4
0.0100
2
2 .
4
50.050.0 100.
1. 1000 0.0.100.
1950
1951
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Hamber
Per Cont
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful" Total
Certaic
Doubtful Total
Certain]
Doubttul
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.88.29.11.7
2
2661
0.066.7
0.0
0.0
0,0
9 26.5. 0.0.26,5
Dad.
0.0.00
0.033.3133.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
A.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
2
3
3
€ 8.8
8.8. 17.6
0.0.52
0.0
0.0
00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.5.9
3 8.8, 0.0. 88
0,0
0.0
2
000 00,00
0.0 kel
2
0.0
0.000
0.0
0.000
33.31
0.0|33.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
3 88 00 8.8
0.0. 0.0
0.000
1 00 2929
5 14.7. 0.0.147
00
0.0
0 / 29. 0027
3
100.01
0.0.100.
З Шн.7. 33.3100.
29
5 34 85.3 14.7 100.
149

===== PAGE 159 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 4469, "method": "ocr", "page": 159, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
lo Balloon
1-Astronomica!
2-Anicratt
FLight Phenom.
14-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknow
othe
TABLE ARE
EXALURTION
DE OBJECT.
SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL
YEARS
NUMBER
OF OBJECTS
VEJECT BY
TOTAL
1947
Number
Number
EER 516HTING 1948
ONE
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul, Total
Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubttul Total Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful, Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total
126
109 285:0.8
6.7: 17.5
5
5 11.1. 0.0
11.1
10
10
20 8.7, 8.1.17.4
1D
2
12
6.9
- 1:4
8.3
248. 178 426 15.2 10.9261
6. 13. 15.6.13.3 28.9
25
19
4/4.21.7.16.5 38.2
23
52
15
15.8
35.8
51.6
114
143 317 10.6
8.Z, 19.3
0.0
44.4.4
1.8
35.11.3
15
12/
10341. 14.4
12
2. 24
10
4
13-
0.41.4
2
0.1
0.1. 02
4.41
0.0
4.4
/0.9
0.0
20.9
0.9
0.9
0.200
2
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.8
0.0
0.0
0.0.00
3
0.2
04. 06
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
00.10.3
5
//./
14
12.2
11.0
0.0
2.0
169
0169 10.3
0.0 11.1
0,0. 12.2
16
eD 11.0
28
3, 31
17. 02.19
2
2
4.4
0.0
291
0.7
0.0. 0.7
0. 297. 18.2
0.0 18.2
10
e
0.0
4.4
e
10 22.2
0.0.22.2
52
18. 75 35
1.1
4.6
0.6
_13.3
0.0 13.3
14
3
0.01
0.0
14
/12.2
4
.2.6
0.0 12.2
3.5 6.1
15
5
15
10.3
00 103
0
5.34 00 3.4
Total
1110 466 1636 1.5. 28.5/100
32
8 45 82.2 17.8100
17 38 115k7.0 33.0 100.
85
60|145-58741.3/100
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
.2-Aircratt
13-Light Pheson.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6- Insultic. info.
7-Psychological
9-Othes
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
& Untramn
90ther
Total
1950
Number
1951
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cout
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota
18.
24
14
422.12.9. 2.9 15.8
14, 38 17.1 10.0 27.1
2.21 10.0
5.0 15.0
0 00
00 00
8
15
14
3 11 7.8. 2.9.10.7125
90 215 115 83 1938
11.26
14.7.10.8
255
154
20 13.7
5.9
76.230.14.1
2.0
21./
122)
118|240
11.2.10.8 22.0
0 00
0.0:0.0
1
110
10
13
6. 19
1.2
0.6
1.8
0.0
0.2
0.0
0
0.0
000.0
0 00
0.0 0.0
0.0
21
21 150. 00 15.0
0.0
0.0
3
10.
0.3
0.6
10
101
9.8
0.0
9.8
103
0103 95
0.0
02
2 14 00,14
/
10
1.0
2.0
2.5
22
2 24 2.0
0.2
2.2
31. 221 0.0.22.1
27
0 27 26.5
0.0
26.5
3
2
5
2.1. 1.4
3.5
0.
4.39
200
0 200 18.4
0.0
18.4
0.0
3.9
36
11 48
3.3
1.1
4.4
113| 27 140.80.7 19.3 100.
80
22 102 784/21.6100
118, 3» 1089714 28.6100
TABLE AZZ
EVAL NATION
OBJECI
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL
YEARS
TOTAL
NUMBER
OF
OBJECTS
PER
SIGHTING,
TWO
OBJECTS
1947
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1948
1949
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain | Doubtiul| Total Certain| Doubtful| Total
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful T Total
47
40
4
31
8.1
1./ 15.8
17.
31
5.6. 8.1
0
L
0.0
0.0
0.0
/ 11.1
0.0 11.1
0.0
7.7
3
14.3
28.6.42.9
0 00
0.0. 0.0
3/
11
20.4
15.836.2
2
143
0.0
14.3
3 33.3 0.0
133.3
3
2
1.7
€ 23.1
23./ 46.2
15.4
15.4 30.8
6
2.0
10
3.D
0.0
0.0
00
/ 11.1
0.0
11.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.Д.
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
18
3
31
18
0.0
9.2
0.0
9.2
0.0
0.0
415 05 20
0.0
0.
0 00
0.0
3% 18.9. 0.018.2
1.14.3
0.0
0
e
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
00 00 00
0
.0.0
0.0 0.0
14.3
0.0 00 00
00
215.41
0.0 15.4
3. 12 4.6 15
134. 62|196 684131.6/100.
2
51
0.D
2 286 00. 28.6
3
4 11./ 33.3.44.4
2
0
00 00 00
1/71.428.6.100.
le
3
9 66.733.3 100.
8
5
13/61.5|38.5,100.
Evaluation
0- Balloon
1- Astronomical
2-Aircraft
A-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc
E Insultic into.
1-Psychalogical
& Unknown
2-Other
Total
1950
1951
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtul| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Cortain Doubtiul |Tota
100 00 10.0
0.0
0.0.00
14
14 28.90 90180
4
0.0
0.D
0.0
0
0.0
00 0.0
2
8 13 39 52
5 40.010.0 50.0
0.
00 00 00
30
28
58.19.4.18.1 37.5
0.0
0.0. 00
D.O-
0000
0.0
0.00.0
0.6
2
1.9 1.3 32
0.0
0.0
0.
0.0
0.00.0
0.0.0
D0.00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
0.0. 0.0
L
/ 10.0. 00 10.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
017 11.00.0.11.0
0.0. 0.0
2 20.0. 0. 0.20.0
0.0.10.01
0
L
00.0
0.0
17
0.0
3
41.9
10.62.5
0.
150.0
0.0
50.0
0 31 200
0.0 20.0
1. 50.00.0
50.0
4
04 26 00. 2.6
9
10/90.0.10.0100.
0 2 1000|0.0 100.
1104
51.155/67./32.9 100.
150

===== PAGE 160 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 4152, "method": "ocr", "page": 160, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0- Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aureratt
3 Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insultic Into.
7. Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE
A78
EVALMALION
NUMBER OF
OBJECT
OBJECTS PER
SIGHTINGS
SIGHTING,
1948
FOR
ALL
THREE TO
YEARS
TEN OBJECTS
Number
TOTAL
144Z
Per Cent
Numbes
Per Cent
Numbes
1949
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtil Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
10.
2.17. 3927.66
5/12 17 20 4.767
L
156 0056
191/009.1
0 00 00.00
0 00 00 00
46/27. 13.180. 10.6.286
1.5k 00.5.6
2
4.
8, 12 16 31, 4.7
0
0 00 00 0.0
5
8 13 20 31.51
0 00 00 00
00 00 00 00
34
0 34 133. 00 133
Q
5
0 00. 00.0.0
5 278 0.0 27.8
00
3
4 04 12 1.6
1.0.05.6 5.6
2
0
2
00
2 00.18.218.2
Q
1k7.0.0.k.%
2182 | 0018.2
4
67 20.0.26:7
2 2. 00.18.2 182
a0 00.00
3 91 18.227.3
0 00000e
e 00 00 00
0 00 0000
110. 274 00 29.4
A4OO
100. 67.67
0
0.0 00
0.0
5 33.3.0.0 33.3
467 00 67
20
13
0. 1 389. 0.0.38.9
/ 9100.943
3 20.0 0.0.20.0
2 15 51 08 59
3
0 3 16.1.00 16.7
0 0000.00
0 00 00 00
18861-255-73.7.263100.
17
1/1844.4 5.6100
5
6. 11/45.5/54.5/100.
4/ 15.73.3 26.7.100.
{yaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
(3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Into.
2-Psycholagical
, 8-Unknown
Total
.0-Balloon
|1- Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom,
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuttic. Into.
i7-Psycholofical
8-Unkrown
20ther
Total
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3 Liptt Phenos.
+-Birds
;5-Clouds, Dust, elc.
E Insuffic no.
7-Psycholopical
BURNONTI
Total
1950
Number
Per Cent
Number
1951
1952
Per Cent
Certain Doubtfull Total
| Certain | Doubtful|
Total
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
2
0.
2/25. 00 /25
0
0000000
13 3.2
3.8
0.0
00.20
3.
410.0 30.0.40.0
7.0
25.0
6.3. 3/3
/ 10.00.0 10.0
0
0.0
2.0.
0.0.0.2
000 haRa
0.0. 0.0
0 00 00 00
3
37 23
4
4
10.
lile
3.8. 5.4
60 20.0./2.4,32.4
5
10. 22 3.2 54
9 2.2. 27 4.7
0.0
0.0 00
000. 00.00
0 00 00 0.0
12.5
0.0 12.5
110000100
21
0 21 11.3 00 11.3
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0 0.0. 0.00.0
5
5.
31.2. 0.0.31.2
3
3.30.0. 0.030.0
2
2
_51
2 00 1111
0. 5/ 27.5 0.0 27.5
63.6.312.6
0L100001008
1 9 43 05 48
141.
2. 16/81.512.5.100.
TABLE
3 10/70030.0/00./134/ 134/51 18572.5 27,5 100
A19
EVALUATION
NUMBER
Of
OF
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL
YEARS
OBJECTS PER
SIGHTING,
ELEVEN OR
MORE
ВЧ
OBJECTS
TOTAL
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
1947
1948
1949
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtil Total Certain Doubtful Total
/ Certain Doubtful Total
2,1.5
1.5
3.0
6.1
4.5
e
0 00. 00
O.P
0.0. 0.000
0,0
0.0. 0.0
10.6
0.
Q.
_ 20000.00
1 0.0 25.0 25.0
0
0.
0. 00
0.0. 0.0
2
3
6
0
8.30
9/ 12.1
0 200
0.2. 0.0
/ 25.0 0.0 25.0
< 00/25 12.5
3
4.5
0.04.5
0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0 00 00.00
0 00 00.00
44.5 15 60
0 00
0.0:00
0 00 00 00
2
2.25.0. 0.0,250
4 90
25
00000.00
0 0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
0
00. 00 0e
8.12.1. 0.0.12.1
000.00 00
0 / 250.00.250
2
0
2250 00.250
4.4.5. 15 6.0
2 16 7 16.733.4 / 0 / 250 00 250 1
0 / 125, 0012.5
0 25 379 00 31.9
4
4Ve 7 0.0 de. 7 0 0 0 0.0,0.000
1 12.5 00 12.5
1561 15 76
0 00 00 00 0 00 00 0000
0
/ 125.0.0 12.5
53
13 66 80.3119.7100.
5l
11 6833 16:7100 3 1
4|750/25.0 100|2
8 81.5/12.5100.
19.50
1951
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
e0.020.000
0 0 00.00.00
2.24. 2.4 4.8
150.0.0.050.0
02000200
3
57.3 4.9.12.2
0
0000000
0 0 00 00 00
e
100,0000
3
6 24 12.214.6
0 00 00 00
0 0 00 00 00
0 3 13 00 7.3
1 100200200/
/ 1.4 0.6.24
0. 2200.00
0 00 000.0
0 00 00 00
0
000. 00,00
1 20.0. 0.0.20.0
4 98 00.98
0 00 0000
0 00 0000 a
0 00 00 00
/ 50.0.0.0,50.0
2
2 400. 00 40.017.
0. 11 415 00 41.5
0. 00.00.01
1 20000.20.02
1
3 49 2.4 7.3
Q..L
1 1000 0.0 100.
41/ 15800200100 32 9/41.780.22.0100
151

===== PAGE 161 =====
{"alpha_words": 128, "chars": 1977, "method": "ocr", "page": 161, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
lo-Balioon
1-Astronomical
i 2-Aurcraft
3- Light Phenom
4-Birds
S Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insultic into.
7-Psychological
8-Unkromn
2-Other
Total
TABLE
ABO
EVALNATION
DE OBJECT
SIGHTINGS EOR
ALL YEARS
B4
NUMBER
OF OBJECTS
PER SIGHTING, NUMBER OF OBJECTS NOT STATED
ALL YEARS.
1947
Number
Per Cent
Number
Mumber
1948
1949
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
3
6.5. 2.2 87
/ 33.3. 00 33.3
00 0000
100
0.0.00
23.92.2
126.1
02
A022
00. 25.0 250
40.0
0.0 40.0
2
L
0000.
5
65. 4.3 10.8
3
0
000.000
43. 22 65
0
000 00 0e
3
65 00 65
10.0
0.0 | 0.0
R
0:1
000.00,00
0.0 00
0.0.25.0,250
e
00 00 00
• ce ee ae
0 00. 00.00
0 00 00 00
// 23.9. 0.0.23.9
2
2.500 00.500
Q.
2
0.0
0.0
0.0
40.0.
0.0.
0.0
0.0 00
0.0 0.0
0.0 40.0
0. 0. 2.2.2.2
5109. 0.0.102
2
43.00.430
0
e00
0.0 ae
e e0
0.0 0.0
0 a00e Re
0 00 00 00
0.0.0.0
0 00.0000
120.0
0. 0 20.0
0000000
0 0.0
0.00.0
40
6 46 81.0.13.0.100.
3 0
3.1000.00.100.
2
4/50.0.50.0/100.
5.
Evaluation
O-Balloon
11-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
,3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
i5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
1B-Unknown
9-Other
1950
Number
Certain | Doubtful! Total
2
0.
1951
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
1952
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain? Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain| Doubiful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubthd Total Certain Doubttu Total Certain Doubtful | Total
00. 000.0
00.0
0.00.0
00.000.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0. 0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0. 0.
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
0.0
2
VOrO
0.0100.0
2
9
3
2
3
0
3
3 65
3.2 9Z
290
0R 29.0
2
5
2
3
0
3
9.7
65 16.2
65
0.0. 6.5
9.7
0.0
9.7
0.0
9.1
0.0: 0.0
0.0
0.0
100.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00 00
0.0
0.0 9.1
3. 2 3.2
0.0
0.0
00100.0
0
Q
0.0
0.000
0.
12.9. 0.0.129
000000
/
3.2. 0.0.3.2
100.0
0,0 100.
2
0 2 100.0.0.0/100.
21
4|31 87.1 129/100.
152

===== PAGE 162 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 4509, "method": "ocr", "page": 162, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astionomical
2-Aircralt
3- Light Phenom
A-Birds
5- Closts, Dust, etc
flasaffic lato.
1-Psydologial
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic. Into.
,7-Psychotogical
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
¡O-Balloon
1-Astrononical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuftic. Into.
2-Psychological
& Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3 Light Phenom
it-Birds
§ Clouds, Dust, etc.
7-Psychological
Total
TABLE ASL
EVALUATION
DE ALL SIGHTINGS 84 DURATION DE SIGHTING,
ALL
YEARS
5 SECONDS AND LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total
710
0.7
1.6
2:3
Certain
3
5
[Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doudtful Total Certain Doubtful |Tota
8 7.8 3.01
4.8
12
9 26 4.5%1
9
4.6
5.610.2
143
143 286327 32.7 65.4
44
28 72
126.3|16.843.1
46
17
63 17.4
6.4 23.8
20
15
25
7.7
5.1 12.8
28
28
56
6.4
6.4
1128
24
114.4. 8.422.8
46
36
82 17.413.6310
10
2
71
19.9 11.2/311
2
4
0.5
4
6
0.5
0.5
10
14
4
38
39
0. 21.4
wer
0. 62.43.0
2
2
0.0
1.0|
0.6
1.2
3 0.4
0.8 1.2
1.0
n.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4
0.4 0.8
0.5/3.6
0.2
0.2
0.4
10.0
0.8 0.8
19
39
10
19
4.3
0. 0 43
0.0
L.D
0.9C.0
0.5
000.5
5.4
0.0
0.0
5.4
0.0
1.9 11 3.0
39
8.9
0.08.9
31
18.6
0.0
18.6
10
56 211 0121061
0 0 00*
3.1
2.0
0.0
0.0
6.6
0.0
1.0
13
2.3
0.73.0
31
2
31.1
0. 0 31.1
249188437570, 43.0/00.115
3
61
5
52|/67 689 311100 183 82 265|69.1 30.9/00.148 48 196 755245/00.
6.6
1.01.0
2 1.2
0.0,
1.2
9 14 1.93.45.3
3
2
1.5
1.0 2.5
161 SECONOS -5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
lamber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
[Doubtfit | Total
pertain
Number
Per Cent
Puraber
Per Cent
65
| Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtil Total Certain | Doubtful Totall
43108
12.8
8. 5 21.31
82
58/40 15.6
11.0/26.6
27
42
16
2.2
3. /
5.3
12|5416.9
4.821.759
-32
6.9
3.8
10.7
43
17,60
8.2
3.2. 11.4
37
1754149
6.8. 21.7137
93 230 16.1
17
61
138| 15.2
12.01
10.9
27.0
27.2
43.
63/06
8.2
17.0.20.2
13
1528
15.2
60
11.2
84 49.133
7
1.4
0.8
2.2
2.8
1.1
3.9
0.4
0.8
1.2
-9.9
5.8
|15.7
7
15
6.21
2
0.2
0.2
0.0
0.2
0
0.2
1.6
0.8
0.7
1.2
1.2
7
0.6
2
0.8
44
5
141
19.
7
4
3
1.6
3
D.0
2
0.2
44
3
в.7
1.4
0.0
8.7
3 39 96
0.4
1.0
4
4
1.6
0.0
1.6
40.4
0.)
0.5
0.0
7.4
15
15
6.0
0. 2
6.0
143
0143
16.8
9
0. 0 16.8
0. 8
1.8
0.0
27.6
0 11
2.1
0.0
2.1
5
2.0
0.4
2.4
10. 0.9
0.2
1.1
140 27.6
112
2
0119,226
0. 0
72.6
1 3.0
66
66 26.5
0.0
13
3
265,177
1177 20800
22 3.7
0.6
4.3
le
4.25
1.7 4
4.7
3
5.2
1.2
120.8
6.4
44
6 50 5.2
0.7
5,9
370138508728. 27.2100. 37125652270.429.6100. 199 50 249799201 00665187852781 21.9100
TABLE
A 82
EVALUATION
DE ALL SIGHINGS
194%
84
CURATION OF
SIGHTING
5 SECONDS
AND
LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30
SECONDS
3I-60 SECONDS
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certzin Doubtful Total Certain.
Doubtful
Total Certain| Doutful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtrul| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain, Doubtfull
Total Certain T
Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
OD
l0.
0. 0
0.0
10
81.8
00
6.2
D.D
6.2
9.1
90.9
6
8
75,0
250 1000
25.0
125.0
3
25.0
12.5
137.5
0.0
n.o
0.0
0.0.00
0,0
6.2
0.0
o.0
6.2
0.0
17-5
12.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. 1
00
0.0. 00
9.0
0.0
1.0
0./
0/0
0.0
0.2
0.0
00
0.0. 0.0
9.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00. 0.0
12.5
0.0
12.5
0.0
00
00
00
0.0.0.0
0.0
6.2
6.2
0. 0.1
0.0
0.9
0.0
0.D
00 0.0
9./
37.5
0.0 |375
150.0
0,0
9.1
0 0 00 0.00.0
6
450.0/0.0
L
6.2 00 6.2
0 0.0
0.A .D0
10
190.9
9.1
180.
2 8175025010014|
2/687512.5100
6
8 75.0 | 25.0 100.
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER, 30 MINUTES
NoT
STATEO
rer Cent
Nuraber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain | Doubtful
Total
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total" Certain Doubtfil Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total
2
2
20.0
0.0
200
0.0
0.0
0
00
0.0
Q
0.0
0.0
9 it a
4.6.8 0.06.8
6.8 25.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0-0
0.6
10.0
10.0
4.0
0.0
0-0
D.0
0.0
p.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
A-0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
00
20.0
0.0
20.0
0°
0.0
360.0
0.0
60.0
0. 0
0.0
1.0
0.0
4
40.0
0.0
140.0
3. 0.0
0.0
40.0
0bobb0o
3.4
D 0 3.4
11.7
17
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
| 11.9
11.9
45.1
10
6.8
10.0
12.203
1.7
0.0
1/0.0
0.0
0.0
| 20.3
UL923.7
00 | 23.7
10
10 100.
0.0
1100.
0 5 /00.0
0.0 100.
54 51 59 9.5 8.5/100
153

===== PAGE 163 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 4193, "method": "ocr", "page": 163, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
'a Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aucratt
i 3- Light Presom,
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic into.
i7-Psychological
B-Unknom
2-other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
11-Astromomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Plieson.
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16- Insuffic to.
7-Psychological
B-Unksom
90trer
Titat
¡l-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
iS-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 insuttic Into.
7-Psycholopical
B-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
Is-Clouds, Dust, etc.
I6 Insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
1B Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABKE -
A83.
EVALVATION
1948
ALL SIGHTINGS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING,
5 SECONDS
AND LESS
6-10
SECONDS
11-30
SECONDS
31 - 60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Mutaber
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtlul| Totat
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful
Total
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certzin| Doubtul| Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
3
2.9
5.9
0.0
5.6
5.6
0.0
16.71/6.7
0. 0
6
17.6
324500
6
22.2
11./
333
0.0
В. 3.
8-3
0. A
2
LL
N
0.01
2
5.9
5.9
0.0
0.0
2.9
0.0
2.4
0.0
0.0
8.3
0.0
8.3
60.0
22.21
22.2
0,0
2.41
2.4
8.3
0.0
8.3
0.0
0. 0
0.0
02.0
0.0
0.D
Q.
0.0
0.0
2
5.9
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.
4
L
5.6
0.0
5.6
8.3
0.0
D.D
7
20.6
0.D
106
00/
0.0
33.3
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
33,3
D.D
2.9
2%
0.0
R. 0
0.0
20
14134
58.8
41. 2 100.
7/8/6101
38.9100.
5
2
41.7
0.0
41."
8.3
8.3.
12) 583.
41.7/00.
0.0
0.0
0-0
60.0
0.1
0.0
0.0
0,0
20.0
00 200
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
P.P
20.0
0,0
20.0
5/00.010.0100.
161 SECONOS
- 5 MINUTES
Member
Per Cent
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
NoT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain"
[Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total
4
6.7
26.7
33.4
3
813.0 2171
34.7
6
6 50.01
0.050.0
6
6
127.0
3
67
|13.3
33.3
33.3
7.0.14.9
2
20.0
$ 30.4
4.3, 347
22
36.16.3 25.641.9
3
20.0
6.7
26.71
4.3
4.3
4.3
0.8
8.6
4.3
L
8.3
0.
8
5.8
0.0
3.5
9.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.8
1.2
1.2
0.0
0.0
0.
0.0
4.3
0.0
4.3
Q
3
1.2
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.3
0
0.0
0.0
3.5
0.0
2
/3.3
0.0
13.3
4.3
0.0
4.
12.8
0.0
12.8
0.0
0.л
8.3
0.0
0.0
0,0
6.7
0.0
0.
0.0
0.0
6.7
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
9.0
0.0
9.3
0.0
9.3
0.0
0.0
2 2,0.0
8.7
8.7
0.0
1.0
A1.0
3
3.5
4.7
8.2
7 151533 46.7 100.
13
10/23|565 435/100.12
0 121000 00 100.48
3886 55.844.2100
TABLE
A.84
EXALUATION
-OF ALL
SIGHTINGS
BY DURATION
OF SIGHTING,
1949
5
SECONOS AND
LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60
SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Certain , Doubtful| Total Certain
Doubtial |
Total
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain| Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtfull
Total | Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtul Total
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.01
0.0
0.0
0°
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1283
/1.4
90.4
6
0.0
42.9
30.00
10.7
3.614.3
4
95
79.0
3.8
6
1./
429
6
3.8
7.1
10.0
25.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
25.0.
0.P
1.0
W
10.7
0.0
3.8.
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0
0. 0
3.8.
7.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
000.0
0.0 0.0
0 0 00 00 00
/
00
12188/051/62
0.0
8.0
0.0
1.0
0.0
0/3 464 0.046.4
0.0
0.0
L
28.6
28.6
7.1
0 5 25.0 0.0 25.0. 13
7.1
0.0
0 0 00 00 0.05
e 0.0 0.0 0.0
83.2100.
7
71450050.0100. 14.6. 20/700/ 300100/27
1128/76.4 3.61003
6/ SECENDS
-5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain: Doubthul:
Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain] Doubtful Total
9
10
23.7
2.626.3
Z
5.3
13. 2|18.5
2
18.4
5.323.7
2
5
4.4
13.3
8.9.13.3
0.0 43•3
ON
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
v.0
0.0
6.
15.8
0.0
0. 0 15.8
13.2
0.0
0.0
5
0.0
13.3
0.0
2.6
13
00/0
0
18
28.940.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Z
4.4
0.0
4.4
2.2
0.
2.2
11 24.4
24.4
2.6
2.2
0.P
2.2
30
38 189
211100. |28
1745
62.2
37.8 100.15
OVER 30 MINUTES
Mumber
Cerdain I Doubitul Total Certain
Per Cent
Doubtful Total
Q.0
0.0
0.0
700/
4
17.6
5. 9 23.5
0.0
5.9
0.0
00
D.0
0.1)
5.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
9.0
5.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.9
0.8
35.3
D.0
35-3
5.
29.4
0.0
29.4
2| 17 882
11.8:100.
NOT. STATED
Humber
Per Cont
Certain | Doubtful Total | Certain Doubtful Total
5.
42
0.
5. 3.9 0.0/3.9
30. 77 328 23.456.2
10
15
7.8
3.9 "1.7
0
0.0
0.008
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
20
00
| 20 15.6
0,0
15.6
2.
1.6
0.0
1.6
8.6
0.0
3
3. 2.3
8.6
0.02.3
93351/281 72-7 27.3101.
154

===== PAGE 164 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 4484, "method": "ocr", "page": 164, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
i Astronomical
1 2-Arscratt
13- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, elt.
- Insuffic hio.
i7-Psychological
B- Unknown
9-Otrer
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5 Clouds, Dusk, etc
6 Insuffic. Info.
(2-Psychological
18-Unknomn
s-other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
3-Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E Insuffic. Into.
L-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aureratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insuffic Into.
7-Psyctological
B-Undesom
9-0tr0s
Total
TABLE A85
EVALUATION
OF
ALL SIGHINGS
BY DURATION OF SIGHTING,
1950
5 SECONDS AND LESS
6-10 SELONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
_ Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Douditul Total Certain Doubtil Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota
4,0
0,0
40
e
0 0 00
0.00.0
/
4.84.8
1 1000 00/10.0
12
8
48.0
32,080.0
2 3 143 286429
0.0
D 45711
0.0 57.1
728.6
4.8.33.4
40
0.02
4.0
D.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
6,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
e
0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0-0
ON
я,а
0,0
80
0.0
11.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4,0
0,0
4.0
D
8.0
0.0
6.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
8.0
amoradon
7 33.8
9.5 33.3
- 0. 0
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0
0•0
0.0 00
4.8
D.D 4.8
D.0
0.08.0
123.8
0.0
0.023.8
0.0 0.0
1#00000N
000AD0ON
00000NN
0. 0. 20.020.0
70.0 00 200
0.0
D0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
00
0.0
0,0
0.0
4-0,0
0.0 HD.0
4 10.0 00 100
17
8 2568.032.0100.
27/7.4 28.6/180.
171
4211810 19.0100.
210800200100,
_ 61 SECENTO - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain) Doubtful! Total
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
"Certain | Ooubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain| Doubtiur Total Certain | Doubtful Total
1.810.7
NA
71
0.0
1.8
7.1
12.5
14.3
13
3
4.17
21.7
6.7
28.4
8
$ 32.0
0.0 32.0
5
6 4.9
1.0 | 5.9
4
6.7
0.0
6.7
0.0
2.0
0.0
0-0
1.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
15
268
1.0
26.8
1.8
1.8
- 28.6
3
22
00000€
5.0
6.7
11.7
0,0
0.0
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
0.0
5.0
0.0
5.0
5.0
0.0
4
5,0
16 28.6
0.0
0. 77
36.7
0.0
36.7
000600ys
3
5
8.0
4,0 12.0
00| 20.0/20.0
00
20
1Z
!1
3/49.6
10.830.4
3
2016.7
7.9 19.6
0.0 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4 0.0
0.0
0,0
1.0
0.0
0.0
16.0
0.0. 0.0
0.016.0.24
A.0
0.0
24.23.5
0.0
0.0
23.5
0.0 0.0 00
0.0
0.0
20.0 00 20.018
0 18 17.6
0.0 17.6
3
5.4
5.4|10.8
3.
4
1.7
5.0
0 0 00 00 00 2 1 330 09 2:9
5/1
5.56 911
8.9 100.
49
//6081718.3100.
19
6 25 76.024.0100 86 16 102 84315.7100.
TABLE
ABle
EVALUATION
OF ALL
SIGHTINGS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING,
1451
5 SECONDS
AND
LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONOS
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtfu! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total
D.P
6.0
0.0
70.6
0
4.1
0.0
0
10
2
12 58.8
11.8
9.1
0.0 00. 0.0
5
0,0
0.0
4
36.4
0.0
5.9
00
5.9
50.0.12.5 67.5
0
12.5
0.0 12,5
0.0
0.0 0.0
3
36.4
0.020.0 20.0
27.3
0.0
0.1
3
60.020.0.80.0
0.0
27.3
4
0.0
0.0
00 00 00
e.0
0.0
A.0
D
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
9.1
_ 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
8.0
0,0
0
8.0
9.1
0,0
0.0
0.0
0./
0.0
0.0
0.0
D
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.DL
0.0
_0.0
4
23-5
0.0 23.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
ONO
000.0
0.0. 0.0
00.0
2
18.2
e0 00
_ 0 20 00 00.
е 225,0
0.0 25.0
0.. ,8.21
e1 00. 00
0. 0 00 00 00
o a
0.0 0.0 0,0
0 0 00 00,00
15
2L17 L1788.2
11.8 100.1
7
118/87.512.5100.
10
71 90.9 91 100. 3 21 5 600 40.0 100.
61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
NOT STATED
Marmber
Pes Cont
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cenl
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful! Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
77
3.8
11/.5
8.3
0.0
8.3
1.12.5 0.0/25
3
7
_4.9 /1.5
0.0
3.8
3.8
3
/
4 12.5
4.216.7
4
6-6
212.5 1.525.0
3
4.9
_ 16.4 21.3
1/.5
3.8
15.3
4
8.3.16.725.0
3.9
/
4.2
4.2
/ 12.5 0.012.5
7
3.3
3.36.6
0,0
3,8
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0
0.0
в с. 0000
T.T
0.0 1. 6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 00, 0.0
0.0
2.0
11.0
n.A
0.0
4.2
0 00 00 80
10.0
3.8
3.8
3.8
4.2
0.0
0.0
3.8
0.0
0.0
0.0:
50.0
|29.2
0.0
29-2
ON
25.9 0.0.75.0
44.4
1.0
D.0
00. 00
11.6
0.0
14.4
1.6
1350.0
Z
2. 25,0 0.0250
2z 36.1
0.0
36.1
7.7
0.0
1.]
71
76
180.8
19.2
100
3
19
3
: 12.5
0.0
12.5
O 00 00.00
3 49
0.0
14.9
5/24|79.2, 20.8|100.
/18/87.512.5100. 46 15 61 75.4 24.6100.
155

===== PAGE 165 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 2560, "method": "ocr", "page": 165, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomica
2-Arrcratt
13 Light Phenom
4-Birds
I5-Clouds, Dust, elc
6 Insultic into.
7-Psychologiaal
19-Other
Total
TABLE
A81
ELALUATION
1952
15 SECENDS AND LESS
6-10 SECONDS
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul, Total Certain Doubtful: Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Totat
5, 6
04:
70.7.4
7.
4
7
2.1
3.6
6.3
?". 38.132 38.4
15.553.9
29
1544
259
13.4393
24 74
48
98
9.8 |19.6
1
3
0.4
19.
13
37
17.0
11.6
28.6
08: 12
0.9
0.0
0.9
31
4
0.4
1.216
2
0.4
0.4
0.8
0.0
0.9
0.9
4.5
1.0
0.0
10.0
0. 0. 4.5
6.2
0.0
6.2
2
p.8
0.01
08
0.0
8.0
26
026/0.6
0. 010.6
3.7
19
7. 1
0. 8 4.5
0 19/70
0. 1
0.9
2.027.0
21 0.9
ALL SIGHTINGS BY
DURATION
OF
SIGHTING,
11-30
SELONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Humbes
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful, Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain (Doubtful | Total
5.
14
2.7
49 76
8
14
5.7
7.9 13.6
76
35
L
2
33
L
35141
4.9
19.0
10
5
15
7.1
3.610.7
68
18.9. 17.836.7
24
2044
17.114.331.4
0.5.
0.5
1.0
0.0
1.4
1.4
0.5
0.0
0.5
14
2.1
0.7
2
2
/ /
0.0
1./
1/
0.0
0.0
2.8
5.9
0.P
5.9
3.8
0.0
0.0
7.9
2.7
/./
33
33/7.8
0.0 17.8
8 12 2.2 | 4.3
6.5
2
40
/
7.9
1.4
P.D
1.4
0
2
40
28.6
0.0 28.6
3.
0. 7
1.4
2.1
1 7075-245-694 306100.
79
33 /12 70.5 295 180.
112/
64-785-654 346108
99 41
1140
70.71
29.3 100.
Evaluation
9-Bailoon.
11-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Lighl Phenom.
it-Birds
Is-Clouds, Dust, etc
G-Insuflic. info.
:Z-Psychological
18- linknown
90ther
Total
El SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
NoT
STATED
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain i Doubtful! Total
Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Certain
| Doubtful Total
46 36 82
12.7
9.9 226
62
45, 11716.8
12.2
29.0
27
17
39 14.4
6.4 20.8
35
2257
8.4
5.3 13.7
8./3
1./
2.2.3.3
23
15
38
6.2
4. 110.3
77
14
41 14.4. 7.521.9
16
5.9
4.8
47
63
11. 3
3.8/15.1
5
561/3
15.7 15.4. 31.1
37
4/
73
18.6
19.7
9,20
110.7
48
36
84
11.5
8.7.20.2
31
1.7
0. 8 2.5
13.
19
135
1.6
5,
/./
1-6
0.3
0.7
0.9
0.3
6. 0
0.0
v.t
0.0
3
0.3
1.9
2.2
3
4
0.5
0.2
1.
6
0.0
1.6
4
10
0.0
18
18 5.0
2.D
5.0
7//
1•9
3
79
Z
0.
. 8
0.5
1.3
2.1
0.0
2.1
29
7.8
0.01
0.0
7.8
0.7
0.2
81
1.9
4.3
4.3
7/
17./
0.0
3
0.8
1.9
5
2.1
0.5 2.6
2
0.5
0.2
10/1
1Z
010127.8
0. 0 27.8
77
20.8
0.0
20.8
53
05328.3
0.0 28.3
10K
106
25.5
0.0
0|'2 3.3
0.0 3.3
415
3.0
1.1
4.
4.3
1.6
5.9
19
20
4.6
0.2
0.9
1/
0.7
25.5
4.8
250|113.363/68.9 311./00. 257 113|370|695 30.5
100. 146
41 187781 21.9100 338 78 416
81.2
18.8.100.
156

===== PAGE 166 =====
{"alpha_words": 257, "chars": 4552, "method": "ocr", "page": 166, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-insuffic, Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
4-Other
Total
TABLE A88
EVALNATION
OF UNUT.
SIGHIINGS BY DURATION DE SIGHTING,
ALL
LEARS
L5 SECONDS AND
LESS
6-10 SECONeS
11 -30 SECONOS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota
5.
8 08 1422
4/22 305.2
10. 15 23 46 6.9
210. 19
55, 6.111 d
121 106227 34.029.863.836
23 59 77 12043138
73
14 52174 64238 14,
8. 22 86 4.913.5
46 65 6.513.0 20
2
// 31 14.8 8/229 40 33 73 18.3. 15/ 33.4. 31. 22, 53 19.0. /35134.5
7
4 06 0.612
2
307 15 2.2
205 05 100
- 0a 12. 1.2
1
1061117
1 000207
1 00 03 0,3
0 20 00 00
19
0 19 53 00 5.3
8.59 00 5.9.
2
2 06 00 260
0 00 00.1.0
31
yao-
1 205 0510
06, 3.7
200 0.9. 2.9
3 2 93i
00. 00
0
67 08, 67
2. 2.23, 0.93.2
1.2
| 00. 1.2
0 31 82 00 82 24
0 21 178. 2.017.8 38
0 38 174, 0.0 17.4 43
0, 43.264 0.0264
9
3 12 25 08 33 2
0 2 15 00 15 5 6 11 23 2851 3 2 5 18 123.0
1212/74 356595140.5100.
94
41135696304100. 11969. 218683131.2V00. l/18 45 1631724 216100
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Arcraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychotogical
& Unknown
20ther
Total
6/ SECONDS, - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtrul Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
55
40
95 13.6.
8
13
Z| 20
9.9.23.5
67
45 /1213,7
3.2
34
1 49
10.126.6
5.2
40.
36.11.1
56
54
110 13.8 13.327/1
1/
15
44 89 95.10.520.0
7
4
1.7
1.0.
27
6 2/
3.6
1450
L.0.2
0,0
0,2
L00
12 0.2
35
33
10
2
12
47
178
6/23.91
51
25. 76
16
49 168
2.7
3.8./1.5.
8.124.9
99
61/60.15.0
9.304.3
10
2
20
5./
0.5.
5.140.21
151.0.
72.35.110.10.9.
0,8
52/6.6
03 1.1
1.0.
0.01.0
2
03.
03|06
3
3 0.0
0.7
0.7
/
2 0.2
12. 0.4
36
05.
00.05
0.2
0.0, 0.2
10
30 7.4
0.0.74.
0 36 8.6
00. 8.6
5.6.
00, 5.6 130
0130. 19.7 0.0 14.7
4
1.2
1.0. 2.2
0
9 21
0.0 21
5
6 25
0.53.01
1.2
03 15
107
107/264
00264
86
0. 86204
15
15
0.0.20.4
0 17 239 00 239 121
012/18.4
3
0.018.4
18 37. 07 4.41
6 21 36 14 5.0
3.
11 41 15 56 35 5, 40
53 0861
| 284/21 405/701 29.9.100. 1303118 421 720 28.0100.1/53 14.197211223/00. 524135659 79.5 205100.
TABLE
-A.89
EVALUATION
DE UNIT
SIGHTINGS BY DURATION DE SIGHIING,
1942
5. SECONDS OR LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONOS
31-60 SECONDS.
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain, Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0 0.0
0.0 7.1
0.0
0.0 0.0
6
2.75.0/25.875
0.0
2.1
0.0
0.0
1.0
CIN
1500 50.0100.0
0
3.214
0.0.21.4
14.3.14.328.6
0
00
0.0. 0.0
0.0
2.1
1.4
00
0.0
_0.0
0.0
0.0.0.0
0.0. 143.143
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q,0.
0.0
20
00
00.
0.0
0.0
00/0
00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
00
100
00
0.0
0,0
00 0.0
0.0
00, 00'
000
00.
0.0
0.0
2 14.3
8.0
0.0
0.014.3
0.0
0.0 0.0
7171
0.00.0
5 35.7
0.0 35.7
00
4
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
7. 51./
0.0 51.1
125
0.0/2.5.
0.0.0.0
/2/0.0.11
0 0.0
0.0. 0.0
8/825 125/00.1
21
4|500/50.0/00.1/2
2 14 85.714.3,100.
21
77.4/28.6/100.
Evaluation
Q-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Bisds
I5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuffic Info.
T-Psychalogical
B-Unknown
9-Othes
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
NoT
STATER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtfull
Total
Certain | Doubtful! Total
Certain
Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2 28.6
0.028.6
0.0
0.0
25, 0075
0.0
00 10
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
1V43
0.0
0.0.143
.0.0
6.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
143
0.0
00 143
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
286
0.0 286
14.3
0.0143
D
2
2
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.050.0
7. 1000 0.0.100.
0.0
1
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0
0.0
2
50.0
0.0
2.500
0.0
0 4 vood
0.0 100.
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0.50.0
000.0
NODINN
3
13
48
4
0
13.2
7.520.7
3.8
0.0| 38
1.9
0.0 1-9
0.0
0.0 00.
0.0
0.0 | 0.0
2,132
0.0 /32
4 57 1.22.6
0IL 20.8
0.0.20.8.
0. 13/245
0.024.5
5 51906 9.4.100.
157

===== PAGE 167 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 4300, "method": "ocr", "page": 167, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astranosical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic Into.
7-Psychalogical
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE A90
EXALUATION OF UNIT
SIGHINGS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING,
1948
15 SECONDS
AND LESS
6-10 SECONeS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
dumber
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtfui Total Certain Doubtful | Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
7.11
L
0.0
4.0
01
2. 22211.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
/ 3,20.0
320 52.0
4.
L
8.0
7.1
6 28.6.14/3429
/ 0.0 1./
/l.1
8.0
0.0
8.1
10.0
D.O
0.0
4.6
0,0
4.0
2 2
1 0.0 14.3 14.31
4.0
0op.0
2.0
0.0
o 0
/111 0.011.1
0 8.0
0.0
0.2
4.0
0.0
0
Q
0.0
0.Q
9.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
8.2
9.
2,0
8.0
0.0:
7.1
0.0
7.
0.0
0Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
1a.0
0
doco
0.0
D. D
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
/ 11.1
0.4 Il..
0.00.0
i,
4
0.0
10.0
4 28.6
0.028.6
0.0
3
3. 33.3.
0.0: 33.3
00000000
L
0.0
4.0
4.0
0 e
0.0
0.0. 0.0
L 0.P 11/111
16
9 25 648 360100.
9
5. 14/64.31 352 100.
7 9556444100.
0.01
1,0
11.0
50.0
00 50.0
88
0.0
D.0
l.l
0.0
0.0 D.D
25.0
0.0 25.0
1.0
00 00
D.0
0.0 8.0
/ 250 0P. 25.0
4V00.010.01/90.
Eyaluation
0-Balloon
,1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
SClouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
2-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
& Unknown
9-0thes
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 3l MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
"Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total | Certain | Doubtful | Total
2/1/1
11/ 212
4
5
6.7, 26.7 33.4
6
500, 0.0
150.0
7. 27. 3./ 10.8
2
1/.//le/
28.2
26.7
0.0
26.
4
333
0.0
33.3
spow
| 33.3
0.0
33-3
6.7
6.7
13.4
10.0
• 00
3
6.7
0
8.3
2.00.0
8.3
0.0
000.0
0.0
P.O
0.8
0.0
0.0
l 7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.
0.0
1.1
0.01
0.0
00=000
0.0
1.0
0.0
0.0
9.0
0.8
0.D
-ond
10
15.25.151 23.1385
0.0
11.1
0.0 11./
0.0
0 D
0.
8.3
0.
8.
3
0.0
0.1
9,0
0.0
0.0
6.7,6.7
0.
0.0
H0O0ONu
110.8
1.51.5
3.1
4.6
15.4
0.0. 0.0
0. 0 15.4
Nica
0.0
0.0 0.0
6,3
0. 6.2
4.6
6.210.8
2
2
9778|27,2/100.
8
2. 15533 8671100.
12
0/2/0000.0/00.1
138 27 65158.5 415/100.
TABLE
AQL
EVALVATION
DE
UNLI
SIGHTINGS
ВУ
DURATION OF
SIGHTING,
1949
5 SECONOS AND LESS
6-10 SECONOS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SELONES
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful! Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cant
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtfull Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful: Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
0
0.0
0,0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.0
6
56.
62
8.1
8/2|81.9
0,0
2.9, 29
0.40.0
100
0.0
28.628.6
3
6
30.0300 60.0
3
25.0
0.0
25.0
0.0
0.0
14.3 14.3
0.
0.0
0.0
1.41.4
00/00
2. 20.0
9.0
20.P
0.8
2
16.7
0.0
16.]
0
0.0
0-0
Q.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
1.0
0.0
216.7
0./1
16.7
0000
4.0
0.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
5.8
14.3
9.0
0.0
0.0
0.D
0-0
0.0
0.0 5.8
0,0
19.9
83
0 00 10.0.0
0 0 00 8.e 0.0
0 00. 000.1
9.0
0.0
1.0
0. 228.6 0.0 28.6
0 / 10.0
0.010.0
0/0
0.00.0
8.3
0.0
У 333 0.0 33.3
0.00.0, 0.0,0.0
0 / 143 00 14.
0 0 00 20 0.01
0 0 02 00 0.0
10/59.69/14.585.5.100.
3. 7571142.9.100.
3.10/700/30.0/198/2 0 12 V0000.0/100.
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic mato.
7-psychological
&-Unknoma
90trer
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful! Total
322
0.0
3.7.25.9
14.8 14:8
5
1L.L
0.8
1418.5
2
3
3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
22.2
0.0
122.2
2
0.0
10
0.0
4
0.0
14.8
3.7
Q.0l
3.7
6-30 MINUTES
Per Cent
2 4
83
8.3 16.6
3.125
0.0
12.512.5
125
250
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
8.3
00
8.3
4.2
4.2
1.29.2
2.0.29.2
0 1 4.2,
0.0
4.2
20
221/24.1125.9/100.
191
OVER 30 MINUTES
NOT STATEO
Certain
Number
Per Cent
[Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
0.0
0.0
OW
00000co1
7
273
9.1
0.0
3
3.9. 0.0 3.9
324-
30
9.1
%.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.4
0.0
884-
139.5
14.4
0.00.0
0.0 P.0
0.0
0.0
2.1
0.0
9.0
0.01
0.9
0.0
9.1
1 12 224
1.0 22.4
0.0
2
0.1
3.6
7,364
1l 14.
0.0 14.5
L
9
0.0.36.4
11
00
9.1
2
2, 2.6
0.0, 2.6
2/11.818 182 100.59
171262762341180.
5/24792/20.8/100
158

===== PAGE 168 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 4570, "method": "ocr", "page": 168, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
* 1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
17-Light Phesom
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Info
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
19-Other
Total
TABLE.
A92
EVALIATION
DE UNIT SIGHTINGS
BY DURATION OF SIGHTING,
1950
E SECONDS AND LESS
6-10 SECONOS
11-30 SECONDS
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Number
31-60 SECONOS
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
[Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
5.0
0.0.5.0
0. 0.0
0.0. 0.0
OD 6.2
L
/
11.1
0.011.1
000000004
15
50.0. 25.0.75,0
L
5,0.
3.16.7.33.3.50.Д
0.0, 5.0
3500 00 50.0
kao
1 7 375 6.2437
2
0.D22.2232
25.012.5 375
2
- 22.2
0.0 0.0. 00
0 0.0
0.D
0.0
0.0. 0.D. 0.0.
0 0.00
0.0
0.0
2.0 00 0.0
0 00 0.0
00
10.0. 0.0.10.0
0.0 0.0. 0.0
5.0. 0050
0
0.0 0.0. 0.0
0 0 00
0.2. 0.D
0.0-
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.D
0 0.0
0.0
D.0
0101 000
2
0
6
0.027.2
0000
0 00 00 0.0
0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0. 0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
9. 020062
0.0
00. 0.D
6.2. 0.0 6.2
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0 00 0000
0.0
0.0. 00
0
6.2
0.0. 6.2
3
33,3
0.D 33.3
0
0 0.D 00 0.0
0.0./1./
15
52075.025.0100.
4
2
в 66.7.33.3 100.1
12
4 16 75.025.0 1001
9 778 222100.1
Evaluation
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
+Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic, into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
90ther
Total
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic. info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
2-0ther
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
Numer
Per Cent
Numbel
PerCent
OVER 30 MINUTES
NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain / Doubtful Total
Certain! Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubthut Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
4
5
11.
2813,9
0.0 /1.1
2
// 231
5/282
з
3 27.3
0.0 273
14
7,0
4
4.
11./
4
5
2.8/3.9
2
3
21
5./
0.0
5./
3
18,2
9./ 27,3
6.
1.7
7.7/5.4
2
0.0/8.2/82
IZ.
13
24
9.7,33.3
316
23.6
18/
47723
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0,0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.О.
0.0
0.0
0.
0.0
3
3
8.3
0.0
0.0
8.3
0
3
0.0
0.0.
0.D
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0
3
0.0
0.0
77.
0.0
0.0.
0.0.7.7
9.1
0.0
0.0
9.L
16
22.2
0.0 22.2
2.8
0.0. 7.8
13
01/3
36.1
2.6
33.3
0.0 2.6
0.0 0,0
0.0
0.0
0.033.3
0.0
18Z
12.5
0.0
0.036./ 13
0 13
0.0/8.2:
0.0 12.5
3
5
5.6
8.3.13.9
2
3
_2.6.51 7Z
0
0.0
0.0.0.0
2
0
2
2.8
0.0 2.8
31
513686.11/3.9
1100.
132
7.39821.17.9 100.
3 / 127273 102 61
//
72 847,15.3,100.
TABLE
A93
ELALVATION
UNIT SIGHTINGS BY OURATION
1951
DE
SIGHTING,
5 SECONDS AND LESS
610 SECONOS
Number
Per Cent
Number
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful!
Total
Certain Doubtfu] Total Certain Doubtful
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.D
0,0
0.0.
0
0
8
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
2
10
53.3 13.366.6
3 50.0
0.0
502
3
0 3
67
0.0
16.2
0.0/67
3
375
37.5
0.0 37.5
0.0
20.0 20.0.
6.7.
0.0 37.5
60.0
20.0 80.0
0.0
0.0,
0.0
0.0
0,2
0.0
0.0
4
0,0,0.0
0.0
0.D
/
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00.
0.0.
12.5/2.5
0.0.
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0,1 00
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0 0 00 00 00
0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
1l 0.0
0 0 00 00 00
0
0.0
0.0
H
0 4 267. 0026.7
0.D
33.3,
0.0 33.3
12.5
0.0.12.5
0. 0 00 00 00
0
0.0. 0.0
0
.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
00
0.0
0.0
00 0.D
0.0
00
0.0.
13
2|15186.7/3.3100.
6
6 1000 0.0100
7
1
18 875 12,51001
3. 2
5600 40.DVOD)
Evaluation
O-Balloon
:1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenoa.
4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, elc.
16-Insutfic Into.
7-Psychological
gOthe
Total
6/ SECeNDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
NeT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful |Total
7
3
8.7 4.313.0
2
8.7
0,08.2
12.5
0.0. 125
4
8.2
4/12.3
/
43
3
L
4 13,0
3
3
4
0.0
4.3.
4317.6
17.5/2.575,0
6./.16.3.22.4
13.0
4.3173
8.7. 17.4261
/
12,5
2
4./
4.1
L
0.0
4.3
43
0.0 43
0
0.0
0.012.5
0.0. 0D
/
2,0
8.2
43
0.01
0.02.0
Q
0.0
0.D
2.0.
0.0
0,0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0D.
0,0
0.D
0.0.
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0:
0.0
43.
0.0
2
25.0
10
0
10
20.4
0.0 00.
4.3
0.0. 43
0.0 4.3
0.0250
0.0
О.О.
0.0.20,4
L
4,3, 4.3
0.0. 0.0
0
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0 20
10
2
18
10
435
0.043.5
6.
0.0.8.7
wa
26.1
0.0761
2
25.0
0.0 25.0
13
13
26.5
0.0 26.5
13.0,
0.0 13.0
0.0,
0.0
0.D
3
3
6.1.
0.0 6./
5.23 78.3 21.7100.18
5 | 23783217100.
Z
8
87.5 12.5/00.37.12 49 /75.5 24.5 100,
159

===== PAGE 169 =====
{"alpha_words": 126, "chars": 2522, "method": "ocr", "page": 169, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
, 0-Balloon
•I-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
13-Light Phenom.
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuttic Info.
7-Psychological
19Othes
TABLE
A,94
EVALVATION..
DE UNIT
SIGHTINGS BY DURATION DE SIGHTING,
1952
- 5 SECONDS AND LESS
6-10 SECONDS
1130 SECONDS
31-60 SECONOS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful "Totai Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful "Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul
Total Certain Doubtful , Total
5
0.5
23 28
70 393.15.5548
3
3. 6
3. /
3.1
62
4
7 11 25 43 6.8
8
10
- 18
6.3
26
15 41
114
7.9./42
86|34
26515.341.8
23
9.32 /4.3. 5.6 19.9
10
4
79 3,2;141
19
40
8.7
9.6 / 8.3
16
10. 26
116.3 10.2.265
30
30 60 18.6 18.6 37.2
72
70|42
3
0.5
0.9
1,4
10
10
2
0.6.
1.2
175.159 334
0,0
/
2.
0.0
3
4
0.5
D.6
1.419
0
0.0
1,0
1.0
0.6
0.0 0.6
3
1.6, 1.6
2,4
0.8
3.2
0.0
0.5 0.5
2.D
0.0
0,0
2
1,21z
0.0
0.0 0.0
5.0
0.0: 5.0
6
0, 6
0.0. 6.1
0 11 6.8
0.0. 6.8
0.9
27
0.0.0.9
6.1
0.0
0.D
0.0
5
/
3./
0.6, 3.7
27/00
0.0.10.0
10
3.7
0.9 46
16
L
016
16,3
0.0 16.3
27
0 27 16.8
0.0 16.8
32
1,0
0.0
1.0.
5 925
3/5.6
2
9
2
1•6
32
125.4
0.8
0.0. Zl
0.0 16
0.0.25.4
16,7.4
151 68219689311100.69
29 98 70.4.29.6/00.106
55/61 65.8 342100.1
87 39 /26 690 3101100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Airciaft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc
G-insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknowm
19-0 ther
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
DUER 30 MINUTES
NOT STATER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain. Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful: Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfuf Total
40.36. 76 13.2.11.9251 53
37, 90
16.8. 117285 25
17
37
16.1 1.7 23.8
31
20
_ 51
9.0 | 5,8 14.8
3
710. 10 2.333
22
14
136
7.0
#4, 11.4 23
136. 14,8
8.4 732
46
13
59 13.4. 3,8 17.2
43.50.93.147 165.307
31
33.64
9.8. 10.4.20.2
8
15
3
7.0.
13
6,12
41
5,7
0.6
45,97
42
77
69 12.2 78 20.0
10 30
1.9, 6.0
1.3,1,9
18
4
77
woWo
/
3
0.3
0.0. 0.3
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
1010
1. 2
0.3
0.3. 0.6
18
5.9
0.0.59
27
0.72
7
85
0.0.8.5
1.3
- 1.0. 2.3
22
0.0, 2.2
*VAN
1.3
0.6
0.0. 13
0.0. 0.6
45
0.04.5
5
Z
0.6.3.2
No
0
27.25.4 00 25.4
1 3.0 0.0. 3.0
58
10
9. 5818.4
0.018.41
39
2.6
25.2
0.0 25.2 23
3|13 32 09 4)
39
-3
10_
4.5 19 6.4
12
201 102.303 66.3.33.7 100. 222
94916203297100. 117 38 155|7552451100.1281
1o000
0.9 0.3112
0.3
0.0, 0.3
0.3
0.00.3
3
20.3. 0.020.3
0.9
73.21.2 0.0.217
13.3.5 03. 3.8
63344817 /8.3.100.
160

===== PAGE 170 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 4334, "method": "ocr", "page": 170, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
1- Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenoma.
4-Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E insuffic into.
2-Psychological
8-Unkrown
3-Othes
Total
TABLE A95
EVALUATiON.._
DE OBJEET SIGHTINGS BY DURATION OF SIGHIING,
ALL
YEARS
15 SECONDS AND LESS
6-10 SELONOS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECOND
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubiful Total
Certain Doubiful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubttul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3 5. 8
1.0 1.7. 2.7
4 6 18 35 5,3
214.214.815 4
9. 18 60.60.12.0
87 80 167. 304 280 584 26 19 45 230 16.8 395 24 1/ 35 129 5.9189
7 16 60 4.1 10.7
22
- 22. 44. 12. 2215418.
9. 2715.9 8.02391
36 31 67 19.3161 360 30. 19 49 20.012.7. 32.7
4. 0.7, 07 1.4
602L4 21
100 03 03
15 52 00. 52
207 0.0. 17
0000N
0.9.
1.8 2.7
2 3,00. 09.09
5 1.0
12
1 2 3 3 10
00. 1.3, 1.3
0 0.0 0.000
0
22 00 11.11
6 27 1 34
00. 00.00
: 37100%
0.0. 21
15 0 15 81 00 81
0 11 23 00 73
2 b
- 22. 1./. 3,3
0 2 13 00 13
0 27 9.1
20,94
21
0 2/186
00 186.33
0 33/27. 00177.42
0 42280 00 28.0
3 12 31 10 41
2
0 2 18 0018
8 5 /02.1 21 5.4 3 2 5 20 13 33
169 117.286/59.140.9/00.128 35 123.69.031.0100.124 62/866.7.33.3//00.110/40//50733 26.7100.
erdination
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
|&- Unknown
19-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
.4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
1-Psychological
&-Unknown
19-0ther
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
NoT STATED
Certain
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total'| Certain | Doubtfuf Total
Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Totai Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubthall Total
53
35
88
14.4
9.5.23.7
63
38/01
16.8.
10/26.9
29
1241/169
7.0..23.1
//
'7
1.6
31.
1544
43
20
63
18, 3.61.4
6
3.0 Ho
15,46
1.2
4.012,2
22
16.9
2.7.25.6
62
52
38-
52
4. 9.9
60
42
109
1L3
8.619:9
49.10114.1
133 27.4
37.75 10.1
9.8.19.9
3
9. 1.6
0,8.
2,4
14
519
3.7
8
1.3
5.0
2
3
0.6
31,94
10.9
627L
< 0.31
0.0
30.0.
0.8
0.3
09
0.0.
0,8.
0.3
23
0.3
2
2.3
0.6
0.
1.2
0.0
0.6.
1,22
0,2
2
28
31
/
/
0.2
26
0. 26
7.1
0,0
Z.L
32
2
2.0
0.6
00. 0.2
0.32 8.5.
0.0
8.5
10
0/0
5.8
e.Q
5,8
123
012322.4
0.0274
5
9
99
1,4
25
2
9
0.0
6
0.63.5
99 269
0.0.26.9
2.7
24
2.9.
0 71 18.9
0.0
118.9
0 37 2/5 0.0. 215
104
з
10
157
04. 1.9
104 190.
0.0 190
14
1.15
3.8
23. 41
15
570/401
1.3. 5.3
3 11
4.7.
LIL
6.4
21
5 34 53 09 62
1262.106 3681712 288/00. 274.102 3262.9/21./ V00
13/ 41 172/76.2/23.8/00.437
L/LL 548 797203100
TABLE
A96
EVALVATION
DE OBJECT
SIGHTINGS BY DURAMON DE SIGHTING,
5 SECONDS
1947
AND LESS
6-10
SECONDS
11:30 SECONDS
31-60
SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain! Doubtful! Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
NUmber
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful: Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain
Total Certain Doubtful Total
900 alo
0.0.
0.2.
0.0
80.0
Q
00.
0.0
0.0.
66.7 /00.0
8.3,
00 8.3
0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
4
60.020.0
0.0
8.3
0.6. 16.7 16.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
33.3
2.0
0.0
0.0
8.3
0.0
8.3 8.3
DID 16,7.16.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0Q O
0.0
0.0.
0,0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0.
00 20
2.0
00 0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
00
0.01
00. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
OD.
1.0
0.0
00
0.0
1 200. 00 200
0
000
0,0
0.0.
0.0
16,7
0.016.7
0.0.
0.0
10.0
0 | 0.0
0.0 0.0
00 00 00 00
0.00.0
sT
0.0
838.31
0.0_
5 4.7. 0.04.7
° 4 667, 0.066.7
0 0 00 0000/
0 1 83 00 83 0
0 0 00 00 90
4
5 80.020.0100.
23133366.7100.110 21283316.1V00. 41 2 6 667 33.3100
6/ SECONDS- 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
NOT STATED
Eyaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unkrown
19-Other
Total
286 00 26.6
0.00
0.0
0.01
0.0 0.0
0000000
/ 14.3
0.014.3
0,0
2.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
143
0.0,143
0.0
2
28.6
0.0
0.0
14.3
0.0 28.6
0.0,14.3
7
1017 1000.
0.0100.
3
-0.0
0.0. 00
0. 0
00
0.0
0.0
D. D
0.0
0.0 0.0.
00
- 0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
00.00
D.0
0.0L
0. 2
6б.7
0.0
0.0
0.0.66.7
0.0 0.0
33.3
0.0
0.0.33.3
0.0, 0.0
0 3 100.0
0.0 100.
4
3
9.3 00 93
7
7.0
93 /6.3
4Z 00 47
23 00.23
0.0.
D.0 0.D
0.0, 0.0. 0.0
1630.0.16.3
4
2.0. 2.3.9.3
10 233 0.0.233
8 8 23200233
138 5 43 884161/001
161

===== PAGE 171 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 4339, "method": "ocr", "page": 171, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
¡1-Astronomical
2-Aurcraft
3- Light Phenom.
1-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknow
js-Other
Total
TABLE ALZ
EXALUATION DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS BY DURATION OF SIGHIING,
1948
15 SECONOS ANO LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONOS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Tolat Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Tota
4.3
0.0 4.3
77
1.7
2
2
0.0 | 72.2222
001
5
0
0.0
0.0
2.12
217 30.4521
1 5 308
7.7 38.5
0.0. 11./11./
0.0
0.D D.0
9.7
0.0
8.7
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.011,
Z
50.0
0.0.50.0
4.3
00
4.3
22
1/.1
0.0
0.0
U
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
154 154
0.0.
0.0
D.0
0.0 00
0.0
0.00.0
MANO
4.3.
0.0
2.0
0.0.
1.0
0.0.
0.0
0,0
8.7
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0,1
0.0
0.0
7.7
0,0
0.0. 0.0
75,0
00 25.0
D.D.
0.0
0. 0.0.0
13,0
0.013.0
H
308
0.0 308
/
3
0
0,3
00 /1.1
0.0
0.0. 0.0
33.3
0.0, 333
0.0 H3 4.5
0 0 00
0.0: 0.0
0.0
/://l.1
1518 23/652. 318100.9
4123 692308100.
5.
4
9 55.6 44.4100.
0
10
4
0.0
0.0
00
250
0.0 75.0
L100.0 0.0.100.
Evaluation
10-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
,3-Light Phenom.
i4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
, 1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Bird
5-Clouds, -ust, etc
, 6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
[& Unknown
9-Other
• 61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OUER 30 MINUTES
NoT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful! Total
. Certain| Doubtful! Total [Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtful
Total
Per Cont
Certain | Doubtful! Total
11./
11./
Z22
45
6.7.26.7 33.4
4
26.2
0.0 267
44.4
0.0 444
//./
11./
122.2
0 4
3
82
33.3
0,0
33.3
6.7
333
0.0
2
33|/15
|33.3
13
21
13. / 21.3.34:4
3
6.7
13.4
Q
0.0
6.7
0.0
11.1
0.0
3
0,0.
0.0
0.0
82
4.9.13.1
0.0
0.0
0
0.U
0
0.0
1º6
0.0
0.0
6.7
6.7
6.7
0.0
0.0
116
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.6
33
49
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1/1./
67
0.0
6.Z
0.0
0,0
0.D
10164
0.016.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
//.
0.0,11.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
11.1
1.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
4
66.60
0.0
67
6.7
006.6
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0•0
0.0
0.0
0.0
7
4.9
6.6.11.5
219.718 222100.
8
7 15533146.7/100.
9
9
100.0!
0.0 100.36.256/1590/41.0100.
TABLE
A98
ENALVATION
OF
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
DURATION
OF SIGHTING,
1949
15 SECONDS AND LESS
Number
PerCent
6-10 SELONOS
11-30 SECONDS
NDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtfull
Total
/Certain | Doubtful
Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain: Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful: Total
Certain
Soubtful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0.
1.0
0.0
Q
1.0
0.D
38
42.
8.5
_$0.9.89.4
1.0
0.0
3
0.0
0.0
28.6
281
2
5
222 333155.5
2
2
20.
4.3
43
22.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
143
143
0.027.2
2
2
0.018.2
0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0/82
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.18.2
0
2
0.0
2.1|2.1
1.0
2
0.0.0.0
0.0
2.0
4,3
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00 43
0.0
0.0.
17.3
0.0
9.1
0.0.
0.0
143
11./
0.0
0 0 1•0
0.D O.D
0 00 00 00.
0.0. 0.0
0.0.
a0 00
0.00.0
6|41 47 12818731/001
2
4
0 2286. 0.028.6
0.0 11/
D.0 36,4
0 / 14300143
0.0. 0.0
2.0
0.0
3.75714291100
6
39 66.2333100
1000
0.0 100.
0-Balloon
(1-Astronomical
2-Aucralt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16- insuftic. Into.
,7-Psyctological
8-Unknown
19-Other
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
NoT STATED
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtul Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
6
6
273
0.0 273
4
10.0.
0
0.0
3
1.D 4.8
a
0,0 /3.613.6
3
3
15.0
10.0.20.0
0.015.0
3
Q
3
142.9
0.0
3
4.8
0.0 H29
15
9 24
14.338.1
513.6
9.l 22.7
3
3
238
15.0 15.0 30.0
0.0
14.3/43
8
3
12.7
4.8.175
0.0.
0.00
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
10
0.0: 0.0
0.0.
0.01
0.0
00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
D.D
0.0
0.0.0.0
3 13.6
0.0.13.6
5.0
0.0
5,0
14.3
0.0143
0/5
23.2
4
0.0.
18.2
0.0. 0.0
5.0
20.0
0.D
5.0
D.D.
0.D
0.0
0.0 18.2
4.
0.0 20.0
45
0.0. 45
5.0
0.0
5,0
L
L.
14.3
0.0 143
14.3
0.0143
2
2
2
32
0.0 238
0
0
9.5
0.0
3.2
0.0-
2
3.2
9,5
0.0. 3,2
177
5. 22/21.3122.7100.
1/5
5/20/75.0
25.0/00.
16
7 8671431005/1121
638/0/19.01120.
162

===== PAGE 172 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 4426, "method": "ocr", "page": 172, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
la-Ballcon
j1-Astronomical
12-Aircratt
/3-Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
: 1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
[3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknomt
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
¡1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
16- Insuffic, Into.
7-Psychological
& Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenoms.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuffic enfo.
7-Psychological
8-Uriknown
Sother
Total
TABLE
A 99
EVALUATION DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS
BY
DURATION OF SIGHTING,
5 SECONDS ANO LESO
6-10 SECONOS
Number
11-30 SECONDS
Number
31-60 SECONOS
Humber
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtfil Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total | Certain Doubtful Total
67
D.0 67
1alo00ra
10
40,0
_ 26.7667
6.7
0.0. 67.
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
2
133
0.0
0.0
0.0,133
0.0.
0.D
6.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
6.7
1.0
00000a010
000000-40
0.0
0.0 0.0
/ 0010.010.0
1/L1 0.0 111
25.0
50.0.75.0
Z 200: 0.0 20.0
2 z
00222.222
125.0
0.D 25,0
35 30.020.050.0
0.0-
2
B8 0.0
00 00 00 00
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.D 0.0
0.0
0. /100 00100
0.0.
0 0 00
0.D 0.0
0
0.0
00.
0.D
Dil.
0.D
o e
1100 00 100
00. 0.000
00000000
322.2 00 22
e,0
0.0 2. 0
0.0
00 0.0
0.0
1 0.0.
0.0 0.0
WD
00
0.0
.0.0 0.0
33.3 00 323
H1. 0.0. 1l./
4
15 733.267/00.1
2
2 4
150.0.50.0 /0D.
7
3 10 70.0 300|100
21
9 72.8 2221/00.
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
Number
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
NoT STATED
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Ooubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Totat Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total
Certain. Doubttue
"Total Certain Doubtful | Total
4
5
125
3./15.6
8
2
2.10 222.5.6,278
3
0.033,3
27. 007.4
3
3
9.1
00| 9.4
5.6
33.3
00 5.6
2
22,2
12/ 33,3
14. 16.7
23 26.0
3
4
9.4
3./ 125
3
-6
8.3/6.6
D.0
0.0. 0.0
3
12/6.7
100
3
83.
5.622.3
10
0.0
0.0.00
0.00
00.
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0. 0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
e
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
D.0
0.00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.00.0
3.
3
9.4
0.9
0.0.
0.0
9,4
3
e.
3
0,0
3L
0.0.
8.3
0.0. 8.3
0.0
0.0 //./
0.0
0.0
0.0
11/
4
14 25.9
0.0.25.9
3.1
13
2.8
0.0
0.D
0.0
13 407
20 407
3.1
L
30,6
0.0 2.8
0.0,
0.0
0.0.
00 30,6
3|6.2
93
2. 3 2.8. 5.6. 8.4
29
3 3290.6 9.4 100. 291
7 36180-619.11100.
2
0
8
2 222
0.0 22.2
0
8
14.8
0.014.8
0,0
0.0. 0.0
2
0 Z 3200. 37
12/889 111100.46
8 59 85214.81000
TABLE
A 100
EVALUATION
OF OBJECT
SIGHTINGS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING,
1951
5 SECONDS AND LESS
6-10 SELONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
11-30 SELONOS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Certzin Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain) Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful
• Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
00
0.4 0.0
0. 0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
7
417.16.258.4
$3
2
40.0
00
40.0
0.0
8.3.
2
2
02
20.0
333
0.0 33.3
Q
0.0 20.0 20.0
0.0 20.0
0 2
0.0
Q
333
0.0
0.0
0.0
33.3
0.0
600.20.6800
0.0
0,0
0
1.0
0.0.
0,0
0.0
0
00
00
00
0.0
6.0
00
00 16.7.16.1
0.0
8,0
00 00
20:00
00
00
0,0
00
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
D.D
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0,0
00
0. 1
0.0
Q.
0.0
1.0 0.0
0,0
0.0.
0 0.00
0 00
0.0
0.0
4 333
0.l 333
0 00 00 00
10
2
112/83.3167 110.
2
5
0.0
0.0-
0 2. 40.01
0.0 40.0
0 / 162 0.016.7
0 0 00 00 00
00.00
00 0.0
0 0 00 00 0.0
0 0. e 00 00 0.0
0 5 0000 001700.
5
11 6 83.3/6.7 110.
2 | 5.60.0140.0.180.
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
NoT STATED
Certain Doubtl Tobal Centa bout Toll cerain Doubtil Tobal Certain Doul Tol certain Doubtl Toa ceral olent Tola Cerain doubtl Tobal certain postur | Total
3
4.5
4.8 14.3
0 210.5
0.0 105
4.8. 4.8
5.3/21.1
- 143
0.0 14.3
3.
100
25
1 4 15.8
_ 14.3
19.3126.61
3
8 71 6.5 4.3108
6.5/17.423.9
414.3
4.819.1
2
3, 5 105.15.8 26.3
0 / 14.3
00/4.3
1. 3 43 22
6.5
00
14.8
14.8
0 0 00
0.000
0 0 00
00
0,0
9/22
0.0 2.2
0 00
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
10.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0e 00
00 00
00
00
00
0.0
00
0.0
Q
0 00
00. 00
4.8 0.0
4.8
0.0
5.3
0. Z 28.6
0.0 28.6
0 10 212 60 21.7
10. 4.8
0,0
00
O.D
2.2
00 22
8
2
16
4.8.
8 38.1
0.0
:38.1
9.5
0.0
9.5
wise
00
0.D
0.0
0.0
0 4 21.1
0.0
21./
0.0
14.3
0 13 28.3 00 283
0 3 15.8 00 15.8
0 0 00 00 00 2
43. 00 4.3
2/76.2/23.8//00.15
4 19 789/211/1003
6
1785.7143 100.35
TIT
1·6767123.9100.
163

===== PAGE 173 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 1756, "method": "ocr", "page": 173, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Batloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
,4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E insuffic ento.
i7-Psychologice
8-Unkrom
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
10-Bailoon
,1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
it-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
TABLE A101
EVALUATION OF OBJECT
SIGHTINGS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING,
1452
5 SELONDS AND.
LESS |
6-10 SELONDS
1130 SECONDS
31-60 SECOND
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtil! Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubthil Total Certain Doubtful Total
5 6 0.5 273.2
3.5 25. 316.2
6 10 29 43 7.2
6428.92.34.8. 15.250.0
18. 12.30 223 14837.00
12
9.17
7.0
7.8. 145
7 24 121 5.0/71
20 38 98.10.920.7 16
8.24.19.8 9.924.7 28
28 56 20.020.040.0 21
10
6.1
26.6.7
38.18.3, 14.8 33.1
23.5 1.116
3. 4.516 2.1
10.Q
.5.0.5
tole
8
9 49. 0.0,44
02/1. 0.01.1
019/03. 0.010.3
wonder
0 1 12. 00 1.2
10.0
12 1.2
0 00 1.0.0.0
0 6 24
0.07:4
0 0 00 00 0.1
13160
0.0 16.0
2 10 43 11,5.4
112
0.0 1.2
slistant
2.7
717.4
No
(AL
11.2
9 2.6
e0. 141.4
1 71 00 7.1
29, 0.7 3.6
Aros
0.8
4
18
1•0 7.8
0.01.7
1157
1•7
0. 1
757 31
31.
210
0.0/31.0
8 29. 2.9.5.8
2 3 091126
12236.1/84.662/33.2/100.
57 24 8110.429.6100.191 49 14065035.0100. 81| 34/15/70.41296/100.
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
2
40
6
50
19
29.
12
17
24
024
3.
4.9.11.6
1.8
0.00.0
0.4. 0.8
1.º 8.5
0.0 2.5
21.
20
14.
10
3
NoT
Per Cent
Number
Certain Doubtful Total
8.6236.
1640
$151
9.3 23.6.24
32
5.010.0
8.5
34 24.58
2.1
121
L.1
0.017.4
0.00.7
0.4
0.
0.4
0.04.3
67
0.73.6
0. 023.6
2
63
23.8
63
0.2.
2.171
13
22.4
4.3
$.520.6
0. 0
11.1
0.0
0.4
0.0
0.4
0.0|23.8
7.1
186
231
50
164

===== PAGE 174 =====
{"alpha_words": 175, "chars": 3175, "method": "ocr", "page": 174, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evalsation
10-Ball00n
|1-Astonomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phesom.
4-Birds
5-Clouts, Dust, etc.
if tasuffic Into.
7-Psychalogical
8-Unkromt
9-Othes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircradit
3-Light Phenoms.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic Into.
-Psychological
8-Unknown
19-Other
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronosical
2-Aircraft
3-Lisht Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic ho
7-Psychological
&-Undnown
90ther
Total
TARLE A1O2
EKALVATIAN OF ALL SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
EOR
MONTHS
YEAR
FIVE
SECONDS
OR LESS
LANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCN
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfid Total
Certain | Doubtfd | Total
¡Certain Doubtful Total _Cerlain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.000
0.0,5.6
5
21
26
16.7 70.0867
0.0
0.0
4
10
0.0
36454,5
90.9
14
375 50.0 815
5.6
8
0.0 61.1
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0
11.1
0.0
11.!
0,0
0.00.0
0.0
00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
33
1.0
33
2
67
0.0 6.7
0
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0-0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.200
0.0
5.6 5.6
0.0 00
0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0.00
0.0
0.0
0.0
6.3
0.0. 6.3
5.6
0.0 5.k
0.0
0.0
00.00
2
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 63
2
11.1. 0.0
111.1
0.0
3.3 3.3
9.1
8
223026.773.3100.
1/ 145.5\54.5100.
8
0
8
63
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
00. 0.0
16/50.0 50.0.100.
17
1 18 .94.45.6 100.
MAY
Nursber
Certain Doubtiul Total
R
e
3
5
6
0.
3
Q
2
3
2
3
20
JUNE
JuLy
AUGUST
Cerain Doubhi Total certin Duati Total Ceran Got Told certain Doubtil Tol Cata Modend Tal Certain Doubt Total Certain latel Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
25.0
12.5
20.8
4.1
31.5
24.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.1
4.1
12.5
0.0
125
00
0.0
8.3.
0.0
0.0
8.3
125 0.0 12.5
0.
3.7
0.0 3.7
10
3
8
18370296666
2 3 09 18.21
3
3
0.0 35| 3.5
38 24 62 348 220.568 15
40
4
11./
3.7 148
0
0.0
11 12 23 10.111.0.211
3
8
55.11.4 465. 429
/ 3.5
9.3 12.8
0.0
0.0
0.9
0.0
0.0
1.2
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
L
00
00
0,0
2
3 0.9
0.9
1.2
1.8
0.0
0.9
2.7
0
0.0
0.0
00
0.2
0.0
3
0.0
0.0
0.0
11./
0
1.8
0,0
1.8
6
0.0
0.0
a0
3.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0
/
2.0
0.0
1.0
0
00
0.0
0.0
1.2
0.0 3.7
12
2
0 12 11.0
0.011.0
6
1.0
0.0
1.0
0 2 18 0.01.8
3.2.3
1•2
3.5
4 24833 167 100. |18. 9|27/66.7333 100. 68 41 (09624376 100. 33 53 86|384 4.6 100
SEPTEMBER
Number
PerCent
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Mumber
Certain | Doubtul| Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubchul Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
22. 00,5.6. 56
0 0 00 00 00
00/
0.0
12
3
51.1
4.8
4l.9
3
48
9.5
14.3
6 23 412 16.7 639 7 14. 2124.1 48.312.4
0.0
12 24 40.0 40.0,80.0
3 428 83 11.1
2
0
0.0
0.0
1 3 6.9 3.4 10.3
12
0.0
0.0
1 00. 28 2.8
| 3.4 00 3.4
R
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2 28. 28.56
0 00 0000
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
D.O
0.0
95
0 00 00 0e
00 00 00
0.0
0.0
2
0.l
9.5
1 28. 00 2.8
0.0 00 00
0.0.
00,00
0. 0
00 00 00
000 00 00
9,5
4.5
3
3 10.3 0.0 103
00
00
00
0.0
00
O 0.0
0.0.
00.00
3 83 00 83
0
0 6 200 00 20.0
0.0. 4.848
0 00 00 00 | 0 / 34, 0034
0 e 0 00 00 00
17
4/2/ 810/190 |00 | 23| /3| 36/63.936/ 100 14 15 291483517100. 18 12 30 600.4001/00
165

===== PAGE 175 =====
{"alpha_words": 185, "chars": 3264, "method": "ocr", "page": 175, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
il-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-insuftic into.
7-Psychological
8- Unknow
9Other
Total
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenom.
4Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E insuftic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
3-0ther
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenom.
it-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
5-Insuffic, Into.
1-Psychological
8-Unknown
20ther
Total
TABLE
A103.
EVALVATION DE ALL SIGHIINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
FOR MONTHS
OF YEAR,
SIX TO TEN
SECONDS
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
Number
Number
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful.
Total
Certain Doubtfut | Total Certain | Doubtfil! Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubthul Total Certain
ȚDoubtful |Total
0
0.0
0.01
2.0
00-
0.0 0.0
L
//./
55.6/6.1
0
1000. 00 100.0
0.0 /1.1
1/./
0.0
.0.02
0.0
0
/
0
0.0
00.00
0.
0.0
00
0.0
0.0.167
10.0167
1
18.2
0.0 18.2
16. 7
36:4
QL 455
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0
• 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00c0
00
0.0
0.0
2
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
a0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
/1./
0.0
0.0
//.
0.0
0.0
11.1
0.0
0
e
2
0
0
0.0
О.О
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
40001
16.7
0.0.167
0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
00
0
1.0
0.0
0.0
9.1
0.0
4.
00
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0000
0.0. 50.0
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
50.Д.
3.
22.3
0.0
0.0. 27.3
0.0
0.0
0.0. 00
0.0
0.0 0.0
3
Я 33.3 66:7.100.
01
/ 1000 00 100.
6 100.0 0.0
100.
10
1/90.91.9.1 100
MAY
Number
- JUNE
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
мисх
Per Cent
Number
AuGusT
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthol Total
Certain|
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
5,0
0.0
0,0
12.5.12.5
3
2
2.
8.3
3
3
25.0
8.3
5.0
<2.4
2.4
4
0.0
0,0
25.0
16.7
8.3 25.0
3
3
0.0
8.3
8.3
Z
3
10
15.0.35.0.50.0
3
150
0.0
15.0
14
6
120
34. /
14.6
487
9.4
9.4.188
5
2.2
26.8
8
12
25.0
12:5375
0.0
15.0
150
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
3.1.
0.0
3.1
0.0
0.0
0.0.00
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0
16.2
0.0 16.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
2 16.7
0.0
0.0
16:7
0.0.
0.0
10
2 12 83:3116.7100
0
2
0
L.
0
10
0.0
0.D
D.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q.0
2
0.0
0.0
10.0
0.0 10.0
2-4
2
6.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.050
00
e
5.0
0.0.
0. 0 0.0
0.0
10 | 20 500.50.0100.
30
11.
0.0
Z
17.1
2.4
41. 13.2/26.8100.
0.0
0
a.0
00
6.3
0.0
6 18.7
0.0. 18.1
2.4
3.1
0.0
- 3.1
21
1132.65.634.4 1100.
SEPTEMBER
Number
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful|
Total
Number
Pe Hell
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful. Total
0.0
10.010.0
0.0
2.0. 0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
00
00. 00
3
20.0
10.0.30.0
10
13
66.2
20.0.86.7
4
429
14.3572
3
33.3
66.7 100.0
2
0.0
20.0.200
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0.10.0
e
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
О.0.
0. D
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.D
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
_0.0
eL
0 0 00 00 00
0
3
0.0
0 00 00 00
0 0 00 00 00
3
2
3
30.0
0.0 30.0
2 133, 00 13.3
0.
3 429. 00422-
0.
0 0 00 00 00
00. 00. 00.
0 0 0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
5
10 500500100112)
3 | 15 80.0 20.0 100.
1.1
7 185./14.3 100.
3 33.3.66.7.100.
166

===== PAGE 176 =====
{"alpha_words": 193, "chars": 3163, "method": "ocr", "page": 176, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16-Insuffic nto.
7-Psyctological
s-Other
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-insultic. Into.
7-Psychological
& Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
C-Balloon
1- Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-Insuffic. Into.
7.Psychological
o-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE AL04
EKALUATION
DE ALL SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION
DE SIGHTING
FOR
MONTHS
OF YEAR,
ELEVEN
TO THIRTY
SECONOS
JANURRY
FEBRUARY
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
MARCH
APRIL
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtfull
Total
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubttul Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
a0
0.01
0.0
/
0.0
63 63
0.0
00
0.01
40.0
50.0
25.0
0.0
25.0
Q
0
0.0
25.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
6.3
6.3
33.3
4.8
1381
6.3
0.0
0.0
63
0
5
1.4.3
9,5
.23.8
0,0
0
0.0
4.8
4.8
0.0
0.2
0.0
4.8
00
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0,0
0
0.0
0.0
4
0.0
3 18.1.
0.0 18.7
0
0
5
4.8
0.0
0.0
23.8
9. 106.3 56.2625
4.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
23.8
50.0
00
0.0
0.0
10 900 10.0 100.
4
0
4 1000 0.0
100.
5
' 1631.3/68.7 100.
18
3
21 85.714.3 100.
4.8
MAY
JUNE
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
„ULY
AUGUST
Total
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
]Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful|
Total Certain Doubtful. Total
2
2
2
5.3
5.3.104
5.6. 0.0
59 4.4
55 4.9
0.0
2.52.5
10.5, 0.0
10.5
L
L
0
5
21.1
53 26.4
0.0
53.5.3
0.0
5.3
5.3
0.0
0.0.0.0
4
3
/
21.1
0.0 21/
0.0 00 00
15.8
0.0 15.8
5.3L
/
5
0
3
0
3
3.
5.6
4
5.6. 16.7.223
7. 21.8 11.138.9
0 00
13
18
3 16 14.3.
18:36
3.3.17.6
6
6
12
15.0
15.030.0
19.8.19.8 39.6
4
15.0
0.0 0.0
0
D.0
0.00.0
10
10.0 25.0
0.0
0.6
0.0
0 00 00.00
• O
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 01 00 00
0 0
020ep0
00 00.00.
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
46:7
0.0.16.7
0 3 33 00 3.3
7.5
0.0
0
0 0.0 0.0. 0.0
3
7. 4.43.3. 1.7
2
7.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
3 167. 0.0.16.1
0200000
0 19 20.9. 0.0.20.9
eL10e11
14
14 35.0
D.O| 35.0
0.0. 5.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
15
4
19.78.9 21.1 100.
13
5
18.72.2 21.8 100.
162 29 91 68.231.8100.
28
12
40 725 27.5 100,
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Mum del
Per Cent
winne
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubttul Total
Number
Per hel
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
2
0.0.13.313.3
0
2100
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
2
15.4 15.4
/
6. 7. 6.7 13.4.
le
2
7 42.9 21 500
2
2
0.050.0
0
3
0.0
50.0
0.0 23.1.
4
3
7 26/20.046.7
3
-7.1.14.3 21.4
2
500
0.050.0
4
23./
5
7.7 30.8 385
00. 00
0.0
0 00 00 00
0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.02
0.0
0.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0
0
0 00 00 al
0
0,0
0.0 0.0
0.0
al a.0.
/
0
•0 0
0.0 67|
6.7
2
/ 00 71 71
0.0
0.0 00
00.
0.0
13.3. 0.0 /33
1
7.1 0.0.21
0
QD
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
6.1 0.0 6.7
0
000 00 00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 00
0.0. 0.0 00
7.1. 00 %1
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
a0 00 00
0 02 00 00
0
0.0 0.0
154 00 15.4
0 00
2
2
1.70.0.77
8
7. 15533467100110
4 14 114/286/1004
041000 0.0/100-
6/13|53.9.46.1 100.
167

===== PAGE 177 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 3269, "method": "ocr", "page": 177, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16 Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
2-other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
iG-insuftic. into.
L-Psychological
18 Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insutfic. Info.
1-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
TABLE
-A1O5
EVALNATION
OF ALE
SIGHIINGS
EOR ALL YEARS
BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
FOR
MONTHS
DE
JANUARY
YEAR,
THIRTY ONE TO
SIXTY
SECONDS
FEBRUARY
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
MARCH
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthil Total
Certain Doubtfsi | Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total" Certain Doubtful| Total
Q
0
0000 00
0. 0
000000
/
1.83. 0083
00 4.5
000000000
4.5
0 00 00 00
0
00 00 0.0
Q.
L
eal a000
0. 0.0
0.Q0.2
L
4.5. 0.0.4.5
3.20.0 40.060.0
4 33.3, 0.0 33.3
0.0. 00 00
0. 0.0.
00 00
00.00
0.0.00
4.5
4.5 9.1
L
0.0
0.0 0.0
00 0000
0.000. 00
4.5
00 00 00
0
0.0 00 0.0
00. 00.00
0.0.
0.0. 00
00 00.00
0.0
0.200
000
4/ 33.3. 0.0.333
0.0 4.5
000.00 00
00 00.00
0 00 00 00
2
2
9.1
0.0|9.1
0 00.00 00
0 00 00 00
41000. 0.0.100.0
00.00, 00
4 1000 00.100.
L
L
3 2
0.
20.0 0.0 20.0
2
2 16.7. 00.167
1200.2.0.200
1 00 83 83
15
e
15 682 00 68.2
0200000
5 600 400.100
1129.7 83 V00. 120
2
122 909 911100
MAY
JUNE
JULY
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
AUGUST
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain! Doubtfull Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull Total Certain
] Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota
00.0
0.000
000. 0000
5.
2
2100
4.0 14.0
4
5 26 10.5 13.1
3
2.
L
0.
4.33.3 11.1444
0,0
0.0 00
2
2 40 0.0
3
3
2
5
33.3. 22.2 555
14
12
40
26.28.0 24.0520
2
61.9
1.9 15.8
2.22.2 0.0 222
5: 7.9 5.3 13.2
0000000
0 00 00 01
L
100. 2020
e
100
2.6 2.6
0 00 00.00
0
0.0.
00 00
120. 00.20
Q
0000000
0 0.0
02. 0.0
0 00. 00 00
2
5
0.0
0 0.0
00.00
00 00
0
3
0
0. 00 00 00
0.0
11.1
3
60 00 60
0 00 00. 00.
33.3 O.0 33.3
e
2
0
0.0
00
5.132. 00./3.2
2 00
0 00 00 00
25.3 0.0
5.3
2 22.2
Q0 22.2
10
10 20.0. 0.0 20.0
14
14 368 0.0 368
00000. 00
1 20 11 11.1
0 00 00 0.0
Q
0000000
8
9 88.91.1111100
6
9167.233.3100|35
15/50.700-30.0100.
128
10/3813.7 26.3100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubttul| Total Certain| Doubthul Total
Certain Doubtfel Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
/ 00 11 17
110.0 00 10.0
1 00.20.020.0
2
3 5.3 10.5.15.8
2
3
3 15.4. 1.7.231
/
4/23.1. 7.7 30.8
2
2
2 20.0 00 20.0
2
2 00.400400
3
5. 10.5 15.8.26.3
2 20.0 0.0 200
/ 200.00. 20.0
2 26.3 105 36.8
0 00 a0 00
e
0.0
0.0 0.0
0 00 00 00
00000.00
1.00. 11 17
0.
0.0
0.0. 0.2
0.
0 0.0
0.0 00
Q.
000 00 00
0
0: 0.0
0.0 00
0
| 11.00
7.7
0.000 0.0
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00.
3
231 0.0 23.1
5
5 50.0. 0.0.50.0
e 00 a0 00
00 00 0000o
0.
4/ 13/692 308/100
101
10 1000 00 100 2 3
0 00.00 00
1.20.0. 0.0.200
00 00_
00000 00
NO
0 00 00 00 2
5|40060.0.100/2
2.00
0.0, 00
0 00 00
0.0
0 00 00 00
2 10.5 00 105
O 2 105. 00 10.5
7. 19/63.2 36.8 100.
168

===== PAGE 178 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 3339, "method": "ocr", "page": 178, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronoesical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenoms.
i4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9Other
Total
Evaluation
o-Balloon
I-Astronomical
,2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
i9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insulfic. Into.
7Psychologicat
8-Unknomn
sOther
Total
EVALUATION DE. ALL SIGHIINGS
FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION DE SIGHTING
FOR
MONTHS
DE YEAR,
SIXTY ONE SECONOS
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
TO FIVE MINUTES
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain ! DoubtisiTotal
Certain Doubtfel Total
2
2.2. 7.715.4
/ 4.2
0.0
4.2
/1./
0.0
1. 1
2
5.9
0.0
3
3,23.11
0.0 23.1
20.0
8.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.9
2,9
5.2
8.3
7.7
5.8
15.4
23./
2
2 8.3
8.3
2
10
0.0
0.0
0.0
44.4
11./ 55.5
10
23,5
5.9
294
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.6
0.0
00
2.9
0.0
5,6
0.0
12
12
50.0
0
0.0
23.
0.0
0.0
23.
0.0
0.0
47.
0.0
3, 12.5
0.0
50.0
0.0
167
12.5
2
0.0
0,0
0,8
0.0
0
3
a0
0.0
0,0
0.0
14.7
2
//./
0,0
11.1
12
0.0
3
0.0.16.7.16.2
2
13.84.6.15.4100.
22
2 24.912 83 100.
12
6
118 66733-3/100.
31
9
12
35.3
2.2
13491.2 8.8 V00.
2.2
35.3
0.0 2.9
MAY
Number
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Plumber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful" Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2
// 24.3. 5.4/ 29.7
2
7. 19:3 3.2 22.5
22
14 36 135
8.6.221
10
12
22.13.5. 16.2 29.7
2 00 5.4. 5.4
10.10.8. 16.221.0
1
5
2
3 3.2. 6.5
9.7
3
4. 0.6
18.24
1.4
1.4. 2.8
2. 16. / 12.9 29.0
30
16 46.18.4
9.8 29.2
12
16.2
5.4. 21.6.
0.
0 0.0
| 00
00.0
0.0
0.0
L
31
0.6
14.3
3
3
a0
4.1
4.1
000 00 00
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
ao 00
0.0
0.0
0 0.00000
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
4 10.8 0.0 10.8
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
14
0.0
0.0
3
14 8.6
0.0 06
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 8.6
3
4.L
0.0
4.!
0 00 00 00
0.0
5 12 18.
3,0
2
2.7
1.4
4.1
1
3
3
118.9. 0.0.18.9
4
8 25.8
0.0
46
23
3 81. 0.0 81
4.12.9
25.8
0 46 28.2 0.0 28.2
0 23
3/1
0.0|31.1
4..
12.9
4 24 0.024
2
2 2.7
0.0.2.7
27/ 10137730210100.
24
71.31 114/22.6100. 1/26. 37|163|193 22.7100. |53
21| 741716.28.4100
SEPTEMBER
Humber
Per Cent
ОстоВЕв
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtail Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
3
2 6.5 13.0
195
8 6.7 20.0 26.7
2133. 00 133
5
/
21.1 4.3 26.0
2.22 2.2
4.4
2 00. 62
2
6.7
2. 67. 67 13.4
8.7|4.3 13.0
16
18 4.3 34.8.39.1
2
3.
5
8 10.0.16.7 26.7
0
0.00.0 00
5
4.3 21.7 26.0
0000.000
0000.0
10.0
67 0.067
0.0
0.0
10.0
0000.00.0
2
00.0
0 00
0.0
|0.0
10a0 00
0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
/ 2.2
0.0
12.2
0 0.0
0.0|0.0
6 0040.040.0
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
2 67 00
6. 7
0 00 00 00
2
0
2.
8.1
0.0
8.7
0.
16
е 0.0
0.0
0.0
000
0
1 16 34.8 00 34.8
000 00 00
9,
е
я 30.0 0.0 30.0 в
2 0 0.000
8 4 27 00267
0 00 00 00
6 0 6 26/ 0.026.1
1 33 00 33 0 0 0 00 00 00 0 a a ao 00 00
231
23
46.50.01.50.0/100.
17
13/30 567433/00 | 8|7 | 15|533 46.7100. 16.
7/23 /69.6/30.4100
169

===== PAGE 179 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 3373, "method": "ocr", "page": 179, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aireraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic bfo.
7-Psychological
, 8-Unknown
$ Obies
Total
Evaluation
L0-Balioon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
& Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12- Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychotogical
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE
A1OZ
EVALUAIION
OF ALL SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHING
FOR
MONTHS
OF
YEAR ,
SIX
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
THIRTY
_MINUTES
APRIL
rer Cent
Certain
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
bidinine
Per Cent
[Doubtful | Total
[Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtfull| Total Certain Doubtful|
Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total
2
5.2.11.8
le
5.9
35.3
0.0 35.3
5.9./7.7
3
2
3
25.0
0,0
25.0
2
3
5 133 20.01333
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
0.0
14. 7
67 0.0
4
/
5
25.0
6.3.31.3
11.8
0.0
000.0
2
e
16.7
0.0
6.7
0.0
l6:7
0.Q
l6:7
61 13.3 20.0
4
25.0
0.0
25.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.
R
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
0.02
0,0
00
0.0
0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
6:3
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
l.3
5.2
0.0
15.9
4
23.5
0. 0 23.5
Q
0
0.0
0.0
a0
0,0
0.02
0.0
0.000
2 16. I
116.7
5
5
5.9
33.3
0.0
33.3
5.900
3. 25.0 0.0.25.0
0.0
39.5
0.0
0.0 315
00
0.0
15
2
17.88.2 /1.8.100.
3
10
12/833/16.7100.
6
15.60.0400.100
15
93.7 63 100.
MAY
JUNE
JULy
Number
AUGUST
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain. Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfal | Tota
2
// 26.5. 5.9 324
3
4.
2
88. 29 111
1. 14.7. 5.9 20.6
0
3.88. 0.0. 8.8
0 00 000e
13
2.
5.
_3.
L.
0
3. 16 30.2
7.0 31.21
24
4.7
14 38 19.6 11.5 31.1
9.0
17
13 30 18.3 14.0 323
2 47 00.
4 / 57. 33
2
10 86. 2.2108
8 11.6
7.0.18.6
23 00 2.3
16
3
8 24 131 66 197
2
5 25|
16. 41
6
4
17
123 64. 18.3 24.7
4 4.3. 0.0 4.3
29. 00.29
2000000
0000
0.00.0
000. 00.00
0 0.0
0.0 0.0
000 00,00
L
100
1/11
3 88. 00.88
0 00 0000
3
4
10. 00 70
16
1 1 13.10.0 13.1
6 64 00 6.4
4 93 00 93
1 08 00 08
2. 2.2. 0.0 2.2
2 59. 00.59
2
9. 20.9. 0.0.209
3 29 5988 0 0 0000000
22
4
0 22 18.0. 0.0 18.0
2
12
0 12 12.9 00 122
1 5 3.3 0.8 4.1
1543115.4
2/34 194 20.6 100|31 6 43 84.1 84.1 100. 93 29 12276.3123:7 100.
5934-93634366.100
SEPTEMBER
ОстовЕк
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull
Number
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Tota
2
5.
100. 67 16.7
2
2.0,0
6.7
9 33 267 30.0
2
L
L
8
9.1
21.2.36.3
2
3
4.5
9./ 13.6
9.1
2
3.
_ 9. 63 21.9 28.2
3. 4.5
13.6
8
6 24 94 188
8 00 25.0 25.0
2
5
L
1
3 8.0
4.012.0
{20.0
2
2
3
40
4.0, 240
8.0 12.0
2 3.3
3.3 ble
3 4.5
9./
13.6
2. 3.1 3.1.6.2
4,0
0.0
0 00
00 0,0
100
4.5 4.5
0000000
0.0
40
0.0
0 00
00 0.2
0 0.0
00 0.0
000. 000.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3 10.0 00 10.0
14.5
0.0 4.5
/ 31 00 31
2
8.0
0.0
8.0
0 00 0000
00000.00
e
0 00 0000
40
7 23.3 0.0. 23.3
3
0. 3 13.6. 0.0 13.6
0 6 187. 00.187
1 340 00 30
2. 3.3
3.3 6.6
e 020. 00.00
0 0 00 0000
/ 40 0.040
16 l
14/30/53.3 46.7100.
9113/22 40.9/59.1100
13|19/32 19/32/406594100.L21
4 25840 16.0100.
170

===== PAGE 180 =====
{"alpha_words": 178, "chars": 3122, "method": "ocr", "page": 180, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
C-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronoaical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc
- Insuffic info.
L-Psychological
8Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evalmation
O-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Airraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-Insuffic. Into.
1-Psychological
&-Unknown
gOther
Total
TABLE
A 108
EVALVATION
DE ALL
FOR
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS. BY QURATION OF SIGHTING
MONTHS
OF
JANUARY
YEAR.
OVER
THIRTY
MINUTES
EEBRUARY
MARCH
Humber
Pes Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain / Doubtful Total
certain | Doubtful Total Certain] Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
10.0.0.0
10.0
500
0,0
:50.0
38.9
0.0
10.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
38.9
200
50.0
50.0
5.6
5.6
3
2
187
2
12.5
0.0187
0.0 /2.5
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
12.5/2.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
a0
00
00
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
00
0. 0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.025.0
0
2
5.
0
2
5
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.0
0.0
20.0
500
50.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
10
55.6
0.0
55.6
00
a0
0.0
0.0
0.0
31.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
31.8
0.0
10l
90.01
10.0 100,
2 1000
0.0
100.
18
18 /00.0
0.0
100.
14
16.81.512.51100.
МАЧ
JUNE
JULY
Number
BANGUST
Certain | Doubtful Total
Tea col To corain Dol To ceral con To pain Doubtl To certain on Tal catan Dumber rotal crain acant Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.
29.2
8.3 395
14
1 2/ 14.3.
7./ 21.4.
5
3 9 /1L1 5.6 1b.7
0.0
11.1. 1.1
20.8
0.0 20.8.12
0.0
0.0
83
0.0
8,3
5. 17.12.2
0.0
5./ 17.3
Q
Q
8 14. 6.1
8. 2 14.3.
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
D.О
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
0.0
3
R
Z.15 15 14.812.927.1
3
6. 5.6
5.611.2
L
10.0
19 19
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
000.0
0.0
k6.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
:0.01
8
0.000
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
8.2
0.0. 8.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.
7
0.0. 0.0
0.0
2
10
10 2.0
7. 24.2
0.0 21.2
1 2 111111222
Q
1 42 0.04.2
31
4
031
31.6
0.0316
0 4 41 00.41
2.
2
15
Q
2
3.1
0.0 3.1
0 2 3.1
10.0 37
0. 15 278 00 218
4 4 00.2.4 14
7
9. 71.8.22.2 100.
22| Z/24911 83 100
77. 21|98786 2141003618|54/66.733.3/100
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Totaf Certain Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
2
2
0.0
6.3
6•3
3.10 36.8.15.8526
4
4.4.3.1.125
53 00 5.3
2
6.3 12.5.18.8
/ 1
0.0 5.3
15.3
0.0
Q.
3
L
0.0 4.2 4.2
0
000 00 00
2
5
5
6
12.5
- 8.3 20.8
2 /1./ 11.1. 22.2
4.2. 208 250
0.0
0.000
3. 1.
3.1
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
Q
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.
3.1
0.031
2
0.0
10.5
0.0
10.5
ao
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00 0.0
/
ao
4.2
4.2
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
6.3 0.0
63
0.0
0.000
2
8.3.0.0
0.0
8.3
0.0
0.0
a0
3. /
3. 1:
0.0
0.000
_0.1
14.2
00
1€
43.7
4.2
437:00
4
21.1 00 21.1
0 7 292 0.0 292
3.1
0.0
3.1
00 53 53
/
02. 42 00 42
- SN
2 22.2 0.0 22.2
44.4 0.0 44.4
L1.1 0.0 11.1
241
8 32/15.025.0 100. 114
5 19/13.7263 100. 15 9 241625375100
19889111/1001
171

===== PAGE 181 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 3438, "method": "ocr", "page": 181, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, elc
6 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8 Unknown
12other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
A-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
cyanatou
,0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
G-Insutfic. Info.
7-Psychological
& Unknown
90ther
Total
TABLE A109
EVALVATION. OF ALL SIGHTINGS. FOR
ALL
YEARS BY DURATION DE SIGHTING
FOR MONTHS
OF YEAR,
DURATION
NOT
STATED
JANUARY
Number
Per Cent
FEBRUARY
MARCH
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Totai Certain Doubtful, Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Cerlain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0,0
2.3231
4
11.8.00/18
146.2
2
3
1.6.3.24.8
9, 18.
27 20.9.41.9 62.8
16
4
0.0.6.2
23.5.23.5 49.0. 12
/1 23 18.5 16.9354
L
2 41 0.0 4.1
5
6
147. 2.9 11.6
3
11/2.3
4.616.9
24
30
38.7. 9.7 48.4
6
9.7
0.0
9.7
00 assa
0
90. 00a0
a000a0
5
6
2
5
11.6 0.0.11.6
0.0.00.00
6
13.9, 0.0. 13.9
00000
0.0
0.00.0
000000
0
0.0
0.0
00 0.0
a00.0
0.0 00
L.le
0.0
0.016
2.00.0
00. 0.0
1.9
0.0
0.0 29
0.0.
0.00.0.
7 206 00 206
_0
0100 0000
21
3
0
2/1
32.3
0.0 32.3
12
00. 00 00
3
46 00. 4.6
2 47 00 47.
3
3
00. 4.64.6
00000
0.0.00
193
0.0 19.3
1.6
0.0. 1.6
9
14.5 00 14.5
00. 0.0.00
124-1943 558442100.25
9 34735265100 48 17 65 13.8 262100. 154 8 62/811|12.9 100.
MAY
Number
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
Per Cant
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain
4
[Doubtrus Total Certain
Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total
0
4
80
2
13
0.2
8.0
7. 12.5
0.0/2.5
29
40 /11.4
43 15.7
5
4.
4.8
13,8
8.6
7
22.0
4.0
126.0
6.0
8.0 140
AN
3 10
12.5
5.4.17.9
L
5
1.1
1.8
29
8.9
32
2.0
2.0
0.0
10
19
39
1/.4
3.9 15.3
8
1T
8.6
7.Z
143
5/
12.5.
1.4 199
13
24
10.6
12.5
23./
0.0
0.000
12
0.0
1.2
1.9
0.0
19
0.0
2.0
2.0
20
1.0
0.0
0.0
2
3
0.8
0.4
1.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
6
0
6
0.0
0.0
12.0
0.0
0.0.
0.D 12.0
34.0
0.0
0.0340
0.0
2.0
2.0
0
13
17
2
0.0
0,0
0.0
3
3
1•2
0.0
1.2
0.0
0.D
0 /3
23.2
0.0
23.2
41
0
2
3.6
0.0
3.6
Q
2
41
16.1
0.0
16./
0.4
0.8
12
017
30.3
0. 0 30.3
2
3.6
48
48
18.8
0.0
18.8
0.0
3.6
24
24
9.4
0. R
4.4
19
19
2
19.
18.3
0.0
18.3
10
0.0
1.0
0
22
27.9
0.0
27.9
41
/
9
50
82.0. 18.0.100.
52
3
1.9
10
2.9
4|56|92911
100
212
43 255/83.116.9100.
781
26/104 15.0.25.0.100.
SEPTEMBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtfull
Total
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.000
3
7
3
300
6.5
8.7,15.2
/
9
10
12/ 18.7 208
/
15
/1
17
2.2
12.2 4.4
10
13
23.2
7.0
10
65
15.2 21.7
18.7/2.5 31.2
13.0 23.9
36.9
2
2.3
2.3
4.6
0,2
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.000
0.0
4
e
7
6.5
8.7 15.2
0.0
2.2
4.3
2.2
0.0
4.3
5
0
2
10.4. 4.2
14.6
5
8.7
2:2
10.9
0.0.0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0. 0.0
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0.00
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
2./
2.1
9
20.9
0.0 20.9
15.21
8.3
5
0.0
0.0
8.3
5
10.9
0.0
10.9
/ 23. 0023
Z
0.015.2
4
0.0
2.2 0.02:2
0 / 22 00 2.2
11.
// 25.6 00 25.6
9 20.0 00 20.0
1 7 14.0, 2.3 163, 2.
0 2 43 00 43
• 299 00 82 0 4 37 00 27
0 12 2610.0.261
2 0 2 42 00.42
38
5 43/88.4/11.6 /00 |30|/6/46|652 34.8 100 30 18 4862.5 37.5 100• 33/13|46/71.8/28.2,100.
172

===== PAGE 182 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 3235, "method": "ocr", "page": 182, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic info.
7-Psychological
3Other
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
,3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, ett.
6-insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
TABLE AllO.
EVALVATION
OF
UNIT. SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION DF SIGHTING
FOR
MONTHS
OF
YEAR,
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
FIVE SECONOS
OR LESS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
MARCH
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttil Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
00 0000
000
0.0
0.0
0 0 20 00 00
3
12 20.0 60.0.80.0
3
9 30.0 60.0 90.0
4
0
1 83 00.83
6. 10 33.3 50.0.83.3
6 50.0 0.0.50.0
00 00 00
0
00 00 00
2000.00
e
00
0.0
0.0
6
0.0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 00 00.00
83 00. 83
100
00 00 00 00
0.0 0000
0 00
0.0
0000000
0.0.
00.00
100
0.0
0.0
0.0 83 8.3
0 00 00.00
0.0-
0.0.00
0.0
00 00 00
0.0: 0.0
/ 83. 0.0. 83
83, 00.83
0.0. 6.7
000.000
6.2
a.0.
0.0.6.7
00.00.0
0000000
0.0 00.02
0.0
0
18.3 008.3
6.Z6.7
2
1161 00/167
110.000 100
0 00 0.000
2
0 00 0000
5
10
1 15 333, 66.7/00.
4
6
10/400,60.0100
6 12/50.050.010011
112.91.7.8.3.100
MaK
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain | Doubtful! Total
0.0
0.0
26..
3
10.5
36.X
5.3.26.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
NOWDD
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
15.8
0.0
15.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
10.5
0.0
10.5
2
10.5
0.0. 10.5
16
3
11984.2/15:8.100.
Number
JUNE
Per Cent
Number
JULY
HUGUST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain |
Doubtfu! Total
| Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtfull
Total
Certain Doubtful!
Total
| Certain | Doubtful Total _ Certain Doubtful Total
3.7
0.0
37
2
3
2.2
3.3
3
0.0
3.9. 3.9
10
3
18
4
39.0
29.6
666
//.,
3.7
14.8
0.0
36
8
18
58.6
3
54
39/ 19.5
17
0,0
0.0
8.1
1.1
9.8
18.5
0.0
1.1.
13
3
35
48 46.2
45.4/23
9
3.9
0.0
1.8
1.3
11.1
0.0
0.0
2
3
2.2
3.3
0.0
0.0
13
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
31
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.1
0.0
0.0
00
11./
0.0
0.0
37
'8
9. 27.667 33.3.100.
2
0
2
60
2.2
0.0
0.0
2.2
6
1.8
0,0
1.8
0.0
0.0
1.3
0. 0
9.8
0.0
0,0
9.8
0.0
1.3
2.2
1.88.
2.2
2
1.8
3
2.6
13
3.9
32 92 652 34.8.100.
31
46
77 402|59.8100
SEPTEMBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Falsel
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtful
Total
Certain] Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain
Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtfuf Total Certain Doubtful Total
0
0.0
0.0
aD
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
12
55.0
5.0
60.4
12
5
1Z
42.9
17.9
60.8
14
33.3
33.3
66.6
20
39./ 86.9
2
50
10.0
15.0
4
7
3.6
10.7
14.3
22.
9.5
4.8
4.8
0.0
14.3
41.8
0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
36
3.6
4.8.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
36
36
7.2
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.u
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
ONON
2
10.0
0.0
10.0
36
0.0
3.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
2100
0.0
100
0/0
0 00 00 00
00000 001
° 00 00 00
3 101. 00 10.7
2
2 95 0.0, 9.5
0.0
50
5.0
1 000:a0 00
° 2 48 00 4.8 3
3 13.0 0.0 13.0
0 000 a0 00
16
41
20/80.0/20.0/100.
•118/ 10/2864.3 35.7.100
1/3
8 | 2/ 61.9 38.1100|14
_9/23/60.9.39.1100.
173

===== PAGE 183 =====
{"alpha_words": 184, "chars": 2928, "method": "ocr", "page": 183, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
la-Balloon
¡l-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phesom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
16 Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8 Unknoma
9Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
16 Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
- 9-Other
Evaluation
t-Balloon
1- Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unkrown
9-0ther
Total
TABLE_AIlL
EKALNATION
OF INIT SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL
YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
FOR
MONTHS
DE YEAR,
SIX
TEN
SECONOS
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
MARCH
Per Cent
Number
Per Cenl
Certain Doubtful Total
]Certain
Doubtful
Total Certain | Doubttul | Total
Certain | Doubttul Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total
Certain
[Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.0
20.0.400
0
00.0
0,0
1000
0
a0
20.0|200
0.0
0.0
8.0
0.0
0.0
:0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
00
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.9
0.0 20.0
0.0
0.0. 00
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
200
0.020.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
000000000s
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.0
0.0
20.0
20.0
0.0
20.0
0.0
0.0
2
2
2
3
22.2
0.0 22,2
22.2
11.1
33.3
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
11.1
0.0
11.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
0
60.0
600
333
0.0
33.3
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
2
5600 400100.
100.00.0
1oo.
5
0 5 1000
0.0 100.
8
9|889|111|100
MAY
Number
Certain Doubtful| Total
2
8
Per Cent
Number
JUNG
JULY
AuGUST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
] Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
10.0
0.0
10.0
0.0
5.6
20,0
0.0 200
10
2.9
0.0
2.
3
0.0
55.6
14
40.0
51.1
3
6
1/.L
22.2
10.0
10.0
200
0,0
10.0
10.0
16.7
0.0
0.0
6
167
5
3
14
0.0
22.9
3
29.6
40.7
5.6
5.6
0.0
0
0.0
00
3.7
0
2
0.0
0.0
3.%
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.0
0.0 20.0
29
0.0
3.7
a0
0.0
0.0
20.0
0.0 20.0
0,0
0.0 0.0
00
5.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.6
0.0
00
0.C
3.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
11.4
0.0
11.4
14.8
0.0
14.8
2.9
0.0
2.9
4
3.]
0.0
3.7
10800, 20.0100
8
18 55.6.44.4 100
26
9
35 74.3 25.7.100.
18
9
27 667 333 100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtfull
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful: Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
10.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
3
200
(0.0 30.0
0.0
20.0.20.0
3
7
44.4
33.3
77.7
00
0.0
0,0
3
0 0
75.0
0.075.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
ac
0,0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.C
a0
L
0.0
10.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0
000000
0 0 00 00 000
00%
0,0
0,0
0.0
00
00
0
3
3
300. 0.0 300
0.
2
0.0
000.0
• 222 0.0 222
/
25.0
0.0 25.0
0
00
0 00 00 00
0 0 00 00 00
0
0.000,0.0
00 00 00
0.0 00 00
0.0 00 00
511050050.0100.
3 | 9 /66.7 33.3/100.
4
41000 00 1000
2 00 100.0 100.
174

===== PAGE 184 =====
{"alpha_words": 200, "chars": 3235, "method": "ocr", "page": 184, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2. Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insulfic nto.
7-Psychological
8-Ualnown
90ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
.3-Light Phenost.
i4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic, Info.
7-Psychological
8- Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
i4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic, Info.
7-Psychological:
8-Unknomn
|9-Other
Total
TABLE AUlL
EVALVATION
QF UNIT SIGHIINGS
FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION DF SIGHTING
FOR
MONTHS
DE YEAR,
ELEVEN TO THIRIY SECONOS
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
Number
Per Cent
MAREH
APRIL
Per Cent
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtfud Total Certain Doubtful Total
Pertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfill Total
Catain Doubtful Total
NO
000 0.200
e 00 a0 00
L
5 ke TMla7 83.4.
0.0
1 9.11
9.1
00.00 0.0
1.50.0 0.0 50.0
00 00 00
5
26.7.6.7 33.4
0 00 00 00
L
/ 50.0. 0.0 50.0
19100
e 00 0000
9.1
.0.0 00.00.
2
4.13.3. 13.3 26.4
2 00 00 00
61.00 67
0 00 00.00
1 17 00 la.7
000.00.0.0
00
0.
0 00,00. 00
0.00. 00.00
0 00 00.00
00 00
2
000008
000. 0000
e00 ce ae
6200 61
0 00 00 00
0 0.0.00. 00
0.0 00.00
0 0.0 0000
Q
0
000 00 00
0.0 00 00
0 00 00.00
00.0 u.0.0.0
0 00 00 00
00 00 al
2 18.2 0.0.18.2
200 00 200
e 00 00 00
3
6 7 9154.5 63.6
4200
67
5
6 833 16.7 100.
2 V000 0.0 100
4
11 36.4/63.6/100.
12
3 |15 800 20.01\00
MAY
Number
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
Per Cent
Number
JuLy
Per Cent
Number
AvGUSt
Certain , Douatful| Total Certain
Doubttul Total Certain
Doustul] Total Certain| Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubthull Total
Certain
Per Cent
Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2 k1
l7 13.4
< 59.00,
5.9
3
3.59.11.8 177.
3
4.
8.2
0,0
2.9
2.9
Llz
0.0 67
10
12
(3.5)
2.2
2
17.L
12.1
2
133
20,0
5
2
11•8 41.2
31
20.3
16.2
41.9
34/2
3
6.2
7 27.4.
15
16
21:6
10
LT.1
11.4 28.5
0
0.0
0
6
0.000
0 00
0.0
0.0
0.
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
29
1.9
0.0
6.Z
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0
a0
0,0
0.0
20
0.0
0.0
2 0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4
4.
26.7
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 267
3
3.17.6
0.0
17.6
3
4.1
0.0
4.1
5.7 00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.4.
0.0
AD
5.7
4
2
6
8.1
3
3
000
20.3
2.2
0.0
20.0
0.0 20.0
3
3.17.6
0.0.17.6
15
15
0.0
го.
3
25.7
L
e
0.0 67
25.7
00.0
0.0
00
1.4
0.0
1.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
12
3
15
80.0.20.0/100.
13
4
17 16.5 23.5 100
5/.23.74689311100.
23
12
35 65.134.3 100
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Total
Certain
Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful|
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
2 00 13.3
133
0.000
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
2
167
16.%.
la7
6.7
13.4
0 00
3
3
0.0
6 417
83|50.0
2
50.0
0.0
50.0
25.0
0.0
2.26.7.20.0
467
2
3 83
16.125.0
50.0
0.0
500
3
0.0
0.00.0
83
25.0
25.0
333
e.00
00 00
0 0.D
9.0
0,0
Q
7.0
0.0
Q
0
00
0.0 00
0 00
0.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
41
10.0
8.3
8.3
0.0
0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 00
2
2 133
0.Q 13.3
0
183
0.0
8.3
0.0
0.0
2
Q.Q
0.0 00
1 k7 0.0. 6%
0
0 00 6.0000
0 000 00 00
00 00 00.00
0 00 00.00
1 83 00 83
0 000 0000
0 000000
00.0 00 a0
0 ea0ll0o
2
16.7
0.0.16.7
183
0.0 83
8
15/533 46.7 100
8
4/12 /e6./ 33.3 100.
4
4 1000 0.01007
5 12 58.3 41.7 100.
175

===== PAGE 185 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 3210, "method": "ocr", "page": 185, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insuffic info.
1-Psychafogical
&- Unknom
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
1Z-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
t-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknomn
9-Other
Total
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
t-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic, Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unkлown
F0thes
Total
TABLE A113.
EVALUATION
DE UNIT SIGHIINES
FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
FOR.
MONTHS
DE
YEAR,
THIRTY ONE TO
SIXTY
SECONDS
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MAREH
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful | Total
]Certain | Doubtful!
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
"Certain | Doubtful| Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total
¡Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful. Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Tota
0.0
0000
0.0
0.0.00
143 00
143
63 63
0.0
00,00
0.0
0.21
0.0
00
00
00
Q
Q
2
Q
Q
00
0.0.00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
L
0
6.3
0.0 6.3
3
20.0
40.0 60.0
143.
0.0
0.0
14.3
2
6.3
6.3 12.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
00
0.0
0.0
00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.
0.0
6.3 00
6.3
0,0
0,0
00
0.0
0
42.9
0.0
42-9
0 00
0.02
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0D 0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0 00
00
125. 00 12.5
2.0
20.00
0.00
1000. 0.0100.0
0
0.0
0.0
2
0.0
0.000
00 00 00
0.0
00 0.0
20.0
0.0 20.0
14.3
0.0 14.3
9 56.2
0.0.56.2
1. 200.0.0 20.0
00
14:3,14.3
00.00. 0.0
/ 100.0
0.0100
3
2 | 5600400100
7
1852|1431100
14
2. 16.87.5.12.5 100.
_MAY
JUNE
JULY
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
AUGUST Recal
Certain"| Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful
Total Certain
Doubtful! Total Certain) Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtfui| Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
000.00
0.0
00000.00
5
2.
710.6. 4.3.14.9
5
3.1. 12.5.15.6
3
3 428. 00.428
0 00 00 00
L
121. 0021
6
9.4 18.8
228.6.0.0.28.6
3
0000000
0
200000
0 00.00.00
00.0 00.00
0.000.00
2
00
00
5 31.5. 25.0.62.5
3
3
9.4.
12 12 24 255 25.5 510
5
9.4 6.3 15.7
000
0.000
100
1 00 3.1.
00.00.00
/
2.1
2.1
3L
100. 21
00. 0000
000. 00 00
0 00 00 00
0
0.0 00 00
0 D0
20. 00
3
0
3 64 00 64
$ 12.5.0.0.12.5
2 28.6. 0.0.28.6
0
2
0.0 00 00
0 00 00 00
2
16.3 0.0 63
2 25.0
0.0.250
10
0 10 23 00 213
e
0000.0.0
0.0./2.5/2.5
0.
0000 00 00
28/,0.0.28.1
2000000
1 100.000 100|51
_3 | 8/625 315100|32 15|47\68/ 319 100|22/ 10 32/68.731.3.100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
Number
Number
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful. Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain: Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
2
3
115.4
1.7
3
7.2
14.3 00 143
0.0 200.200
2
l.2le7
113.4.
17|231
2
4.
23.1
28.6
14.3
al 286
2
2. 0.0
40.0
0.014.3
0.0
40.0
1.7| 30.8
Q
| 200
20.0
2
3
4-13.3 13.3
26.6
5 20.0
13.3
33.3
0.0 00 00
0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1 00
1.7.17
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
000 00 00
0,0
0.0
10,0
0
1.1
0.0
1.1
0.0
0.0
e
0.0
0.0.0.0
0.0
0.0
/ 20.0
0.0
20.0
0.
0.0
0.0
0 0 000000
0 0 000000
0 0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
0.
3. 23.10.0.23.1
3
3 428 0.0 428-
000 00 00
000 00 02
0000.0000
e 0000 co
13 1692. 30.8100171
0 7 100.00.0100
3
5440060.0000
2
2
10
0
2. 133,0.0.13.3
2 133. 0.0.133
5/15 lee 2/33.3100.
176

===== PAGE 186 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 3408, "method": "ocr", "page": 186, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3 Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insuffic hio.
7-Psychological
8-Unknoren
90ter
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuttic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Info.
L-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE ALLE
EVALVATION
DE UNIT SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS BY
DURATION DE SIGHTING
MONTHS
JANUARY
EDC
EE BRUARY
ЧЕАК,
SITE ONE SECONDS TO ELVE
MINUTES
MARCH
APRIL
Numbes
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
[Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain, Doubtful Total
10010.0 20.0
/
9.L
0.0
9.1
0.0
0
0.0
1.7
2|20.0
0.0
20.0
0.0
9. L
2
9.1
9.1
0.0
0.0
9.1
0.0
0
0,0
0.0
2
3
20.0
10.0
30,0
0.0.18.2
18.2.
36.4
34
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
18.2
18.2
2
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0
00
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0
0,0
0.0.00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0
0.0.10.0
18.2
0.0.18.2
0.0
9.1
0.0
0.0
3
0.0. 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
0.0
0.0
0.2
10.0
10.0
0.0100
10.02
0.0100
10|80.0.20.0100.
3
2
10
3
2
27.3.
0.0.21.3
18.2
0.0
18.2
90.91
9.1. 100.
0
5
0
3
6
2
3
18.1
0.0 V8.2
0.0 21.3 27.3
!!.
454154.6 100
24
0
2
0,0
11.5
3•8
34.6
00
3.8
34.6
38
0.0
3.8
26 92.317.7 100.
MAY
Number
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
Per Cent
JuLY
Number
Per Cent
Number
AUGUST
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful|
Total Certain, Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
8
193, 6.5
25.8
/
7 201. 3.4 24.119
2
2
6.5
14 33 14.4
10.6 25.010
12 22 14.9 12.9
32.8
0.0 6.5
3.4 6.9 10.3
3
4 08
L
1.5
1,5
3.0
3
0
6
9
9.7 19.3, 29.0
Q0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
5
0.
3
2.3
3.1
4 9 12.2 13.8310
20
14 34 15.1 10.6 25.710
4 14 14.9
16.0
,20.9
0. 0
0.0
e.0
0.0
7 4.5
0.8
0 0
0.0
0
0.0 0.0
5.3
0
3
3
0.0
4,5
4.5
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0. 0
0.0
0
0
0
4
12.9
0.0 12.9
00
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0 0.0
0,0
a0
0.000
0.0
0.0
0.0
13
0,13
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
3
5
9.8
0.0
9.8
0.0 00
0.0
1.5
2:3
38
6. 19.3
0.0 19.3
7|24.10.0
24.1
0 33
25.0
0.0 25.0
2
0
2
0.0
3
33
16.5
la5
0 3 102 0.0
10.5
3
123|
0.0|2.3
3
2
18
2
45
0.0
4.5
0
3
18
3.0
1.5
4.5
26.90.0
26.2
30
0.03.0
21
10
3 / 47.732.3 100.
22
] 29/15.924.1 100 |97 35 /32 73.5 26.5 100| 46| 21|67\68:7 313/100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful "Total Certain. Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain! Doubtral Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
5
8
8.3. 13.9.
222
4
6
1.7. 15.4.23.1
Z
2
25.0 0.0 25.0
2
2.8
0.0
1.1
2
3
1/:L
2
5.6.16.1
5.6
12
2
2
17
5.6
5.6 11.2
13
1.8
2.8 33.336.1
3
5
8
125
0.0 12.5
11,5
0.0
19.2 30.1
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.8
0.0
2.8
3.8
0.0
3.8
0
0
0
2
0
0.0
0.0 00
5.6| 22.2 27.8
12.5
0.0
0.0 12.5
0
0.0
0.0
00
2
0.0
0.0
00
0,0
0.000
25.0.250
0.0
0.0|0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 11./
0.
12
00 00 00
12 333 0.0333
00
0.0 0.0
О
8
18
18
36 50.0 50.0 V00.
15
0
0.0.00,00
0 00 00.00
8 30.8 0.030.8
2
25.0.00 25.0
0
0
6
0.0
6
33.3
1. 38. 0.0 3.8
00. 0000
// 26/51742.3100
6
2 8 150.25.0100. 12
Q
0
e
6
118/66.7 33.3 100.
0.0 00
ao 33.3
0.0
0.0 00
177

===== PAGE 187 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 3383, "method": "ocr", "page": 187, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balioon
1-Astronomical
2-Airciaft
3- Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-insuffic int
7-Psychological
B-Uoknom
90te
Total
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
G-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknorn
90ther
Total
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clours, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
2-Psychologícal
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
TABLE ALlE
EVALUAIION
DE UNIT SIGHTINGS FDR ALL YEARS BY
_DURATION OF SIGHTIN
FOR
MONTHS
QF
ЧЕАС,
SIX TO THIRTY
MINUTES
JANUARY
EEBRUARY
MARCH
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
APRIL
Numbe
Per Cent
Certain Doubtru] Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtfil | Total Certain Doubtiul Total Certain | Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Douttal | Total
2./
7.1 14.2
3 27.3
20 27.3
2.83 83 16.6
0.0. 00/00
00OONG
2
3
0
00000010
214. 0.0.214
/
91 00 91
3
14.3 7./ 21.4
0.0
L
L
83 00 83
15.4. 0.0 15.4
0.0
0.0
0
10.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
%.1
0.0. 7.1
4
286 0.0.286
1.1 00.21
4 0 0 00000
2 2
00. 18.218.2
0.0.
00 0.0
0.0 00
0.0
0002
0.0
Q
0.0 0.0
0.0
100 00 00
2 12 00182
3. 27.3. 0.0 273
5
e
8
N000bOON
8.316.1250
0,0
0.000
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
000
2
30.8 0.0 30.8
0.0
0.000
0.0: 00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
00
00
0.0
1.7. 0.0,7.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. 33
41.5
46.2
0.0
0.0
46.2
0.0
0.0
12 2/14.85714.3100
9
2 | 11/81.8.182 100.
4
12 667 33.3/00.113
0
13. 100.0 0.0 100
Number
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
Per Cent
Humber
Humber
AUGUST
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
¡Certain | Doubtful! Total
Certain
Doubtful
Total
Certain
| Doubtful,
Total Certain:
/ Doubtful |
Total
Certain Doubtful
Total | Certain | Doubtful Total
9 24.1
6. 9 31.0
10
8.1
27.0
24
12
36 20.0 10.0
30.0
4
30
19.5.14.934.4
L
2
6.9
3.4 10.3
3
18.9
13
5
10.3
6.2.11.2
3
10.5
0.0 10.3
2
5
5.4
0.0
5.4
11
3
13.5
21.6
5.8
3.3
9.1
2
10
1.2
2.3 \ 11.5
8.
16
8
24/3.3
67
20.0
6
LL
17
6. 9. 12.619.5
2.7
00
00
0.0
2.7
0.0
5
2.5
0.0
1.7
4.2
4
0.0
4
0
0,0
a0
4.6
0.0 00
0.0
00 00
34 0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.1
3
3
110.3
34
3
8.1
0.0
16
0.0
1.1
0.О 10.3
8.L
16
13.3
10.8
13.3
6
0000.00
0.0
10.8
22
0.8
0.0
0.8
6.9
0.0
6.9. 0.0%.2
3
24.3
0.0
24.3
22
18.3
0.0 183
3.4 6.9.10.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
4
5 3.3. 0.8
41
2
12
4
e
la9
2
2.31
0.0
12
23
13.8. 0.0 13.8
4.6
1.1
5.2
22
7
29/25.9/24.1100
3/
6 37 838 16.2100
23 271/20 11.5 22.5,100
159 28 87 61.8.32.2100
SEPTEMBER
Humber
PerCent
Humber
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful, Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful!
Total
Certain Doubtful
Total | Certain Doubtful Total
3
e
2
5
10.0
6.7.16.7
Q
6
0.0
130.0.30.0
2
2
0.0
6.7
62
2.
2
6
8.1
17.4 26/
2
3
12.0
3.3
2
3.3
26.2.30Д
3.3
la.k
L
0
2
2
2
3
8.2
21.2
6
8.0
4.0
5.0
10.0,15.0
13.0
20.0
3
5.0
0.0
13.0
5
4.0
24.0
10.0,15.0
130
3
5,0
10.0 15.0
4.3
4.3
0.0
5.0
0.0
8.6
0.0.00
0.0
5.0
00
0.0
D.
2
0
0
3
4.0
8.0 .12.0
4.0
0.0
4.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0 0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
10.0
0.0 10.0
0.0
5.0
4.3
0. 0 4.3
0 00 00 00
5.0
0 00 00.00
0 00 00 00
7 233 0.0 233
3.15.0. 0.0.15.0
- 26.10.0 26.
2
8
2
8.0
0,0
8.0
40. 004.0
3 320 00 321
2 3.3 3.3. 66.
00 00 0000
0 00 00 0
0. 1 40 00 40
16
14|3053346.7100. 7 13/20/35.0/65.0100. 12
23/522 47.8100.1211
41 251840160100
178

===== PAGE 188 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 3253, "method": "ocr", "page": 188, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE. Allle
ENALUATION
OF UNIT SIGNTINGS EDR ALL
HERRS BY DURATION DE SIGHTING
FOR
JANUARY
_ MONTHS
YEAR,
OVER
THIRTY
MINUTES
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Hurabes
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircralt
3 Light Phenom.
A-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
EInsuttic Into.
7-Psycholagica
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtfül] Total Certain Doubtful Total
1250 00 25.0
/500 00 50.0
2 40.0. 0.0 40.0
33.3 0.0
33.3
2 25.0.25.0500
150.0 0.050.0
/ 20.0 a0 200
000 anaa
e0.0.
0.0
0.0
0
00 00 00
2
22.2
22.2
0.0
11. /
11./
0.0
aaa0
0
0 00 al
0 00 00 00
Q
e
0.0
0.0
0.0
000 00
00
0.0 00.00
0,0
0.0 0.0
Q
0.0
0.0 a0
Q
0.0
0.0
0 00
00
2 00 00 00
0,0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0
0 00
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0 00 00 00
11./
0.0 1/1.1
0 00
0.0
0.0
0 00 00 00
0.0
2
0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
4-Otther
Q
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0
400 00 40.0
2
22.2
0.0.22.2
25.0,00
125.0
0 0.0
0,0
2 00 00 00
0.0
0.0. 0.0
Total
415.0.150 100.
2
2 100.00.0100.
5
0
5 v00.0 0.0100.
8
88.9.11.11100
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
(8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-insuftic. Info.
7-Psychological
& Unknonn
9Other
Total
MAY
Number
JUNE
JULY
Per Cent
Number
AUGUsT
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0
0
0 00.0000
1 00 33.3 333
0 Ra
0.0.00
7
5
2
9 35.010.045.0
5.25.0 00 250
2.10.0. 00 10.0
020.00.0
0 00 00 00
12
8
3
L
4. l6 19.0 63 253
3
9
158 7.9 231
4 12 12.7 - 6.3,19.0
4 7 48 63 11.1
7
2
6.13
18.4 15.8 34.2
3
5.3 26. 29-
0 116. 0016
L
0.000
0000000
0 0 00 00 00
0.
0.0
2.6 2.6
0 00 00 00
L
33.3
0.0
133.3
0
0
2 00 0000
0 0 00 0000
0 00 00 00
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0000000
0 = 19. 00.21
26 0.0.2.6
10.0
00,00
0 00 00 00
1 2 16 16 32
2
5.3.00
R
00
0.0
0.0
3
З 15.0 00 15.0
L
333 0.0 33.3
15.0,00
5.0
18
22
0. 18. 28.6. 0.0. 28.6
7
5.3.
2.18.4 0.018.4
0 2. 32. 00.32
2
2 00. 5.3
5.3
2
L
3 66-6 333100.
2
2040.010.0100. 150. 13 63 29.4/20.6|100 25| 13 38\65.8|34.2 100.
SEPTEMBER
ОстовЕк
Number
PerCent
NOKEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
200.80
8.0
3
4300.10.0.40.0
0
200 0000
00 00 00 00
3
2
4 120,4.0
16.0
110.000 a0
2
80
520.0.13.3 333
- 2 33.3 33.3 666
2
4
80
16.0
0 00 00 00
00
2 3 67 13.3 20.0
0.
0 00 00 a0
4.0
4.0
2
/
4.0
0.0
0 00 0000
0 0.0
4.0
0 0 00 00 00
10D.00
10.0 00 100
0 0 00 00. 00
0.0
0.0.
0,0
0000
2
2.80
00000 00
0 00 0000
0.0
2.0
10.0
0.0. 8.0
000.0000
2
0 2 133 00 133
0
0.0
0
00
4.0
0 0060.00
00
4.0
0.0
0 L 67 00 67
0 0000.00
9 360. 0.0.36.0
3 30.0. 0.0.30.0
0 3 200.0.0.200 0
0 0 00 00 00
40,00
40
L.0.010.0.10.0
0 1 67 00 67 / 0, / 33.3 00 333
19
6 25 1000 00 100.
8
2
110/500 20.0100 /
4 15 733 267 100 | 2 / 3/66./ 33.3100.
179

===== PAGE 189 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 3420, "method": "ocr", "page": 189, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
if Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8-lnkrown
9 Other
Total
TABLE
A47
EVALUAIION DE UNIT SIGHINGS
_FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION DE SIGHTING
FOR
MONTHS
DE VEAR,
DURATION
_NOT
STATER
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
Nember
Number
MARet
Per Cent
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful: Total
Certain Doubtful | Total
Certain | Doubtful |
Total
Certain Doubttul| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
00 00 00
13.28.0 24.0.520
2
8.0: 0.0
8.0
AN
3
2
9.1
0.0
9.1
3
3 68 00
6.8
3, 2.4
8.12
18.2 36.4 54.6
4
13.6
8
4.518.1
6
3
14
18.213.6
31.8
2
2
48 12
2
| 21.4
20.4
48 262
2 13.668
le 14/.3
0.0 14.3
0.0.00.00
0.
0.0
0.0 00
al 00
0.0
a0 00
00 00 00
0
0.0
0.000
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.
5
2
0.
0
5
2
3
2
00 00.00
0.0
0.0 00
0
0.0
0,0
0.0
20.0
0.0 20.0
4.5
0.0
4.5
14.
31.8
0,0
31.8
0.0
0.0.00
0.0
0.0.
0,0
0.0
0.0:00
120
0.0 120
3
3 136.
0.0 13.6
2:3
0.0
2.3
12
/
8
12
0
80. 0080
0.0 00 00
3
3.
0.0.68
68
2.4
00
28.6
8
2.4
19.0
0.00
2.4
02 00
0.0 28.6
0.0
20.190
0.000
6 25 10/24.0 100.
13
9 22 59140.9. 100.
32 12 44122-721.3100.
38
4142/905 95 V00.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aireraft
3-Light Phenom
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
18-Unkrom
190ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
,1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5 Clours, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
(7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
MAY
JUNE
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Number
JuLy
Per Cent
AuçusT
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthel Total Certain Doubtful| Total
3
3
8,3
0.0, 8.3
0
6133
0.0 133
10
2
4
12.27.8
5.6 33.4
1 8.3 11.1 19.4
12-8
3
4
2
5
44 11/
5
8.8
2.2.11.0
1 0.02.8
0.00000
0.0
27
27
27
3.
38.12.1. 5.2.17.9
3
8, 5.8 3,5
9.3
34.12.1
3.3 16.02
8
147.0
9.3 le.3
42 12.1
1.1. 19.8
0
3.
0.0
1:4
10
2
0
17.11.6
8. / 19.2
2. 2.3
00 2.3
1 00 28 28
00
0.0
2 0.5
0.5
1.0
Q
0.0
00 00
00 00 00
0,0
0.0
L
0.00.0
16.7.0.0.16.7
0.12
0.5
0.0 0.5
0.0
12
26.2.0.0
0
00 00 00
2
13
2
26.7
44 0,0
167. 0.0167
0,13
28.9, 0.0
4.4
38
L
28.9. 35.
2
0
Q
0 00 00.00
0. 2
44
0.0
4.4
16
38
3
35
16
17.9. 0.012.9
0.5
0.9
1.4
165
0.0 /65
1.5
0.0|75
19
22
2
119
/
22.1
0.0
22.
1.2
00 12
22 25.6 00 25.6
3 23. 1.2
3.5
28
8 136 77.8.22.21100.
42
3 45933 61 100.
1/76
36/2/283017.0.100.
67. 19/86/17.9.22.11100
SEPTEMBER
Number
OCIOBER
PerCent
Mumber
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain
| Doubtful! Total
| Certain Doubthel Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0
0.0
0.000
2
5./ 2.9
8 25 12.5.20.0
2.34
10
3
13
23.2
1.0
2
2.3
2.3
30.2
4.6
3
3
8
6
5.7.11.
8.6
22.8
1/115
3.4.68
8.6
17.2
2
10.0272
8.6
7 12.5
5.0.17.5
2.9
29
0.0
0.Q.0.0
le
2
13
_20.7 24.1 44.8
0.0 00 00
0.0
5
Q
3
6 9|3.4 103
0.0
00 0.0
02 00 00
R
0,0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00 a0
0.0
0,0
00
0.0
00. 00
20.9
0.0 20.9
6
3
0.0
17.1
00
17.
1.5
5
12.3 0.02.3
17.2
0,0.11.2
0 / 2900.29
0.0
1.5
0 0
000 00 00
/ 34. 00 3.4
1/
25.6. 00. 25.6
8
_ 8 22.9. 00 222
9. 22.5. 0.0.22.5.
_2
e 2 69 00 6.9
7
14.0.23.163
0. 2 51. 00.57
2
2,50,00,50
_3
0 3 10.3 00 10.3
38
5 43 88.411.6.100.
124
113568.6314 100.27 13 40 675325100/20
2 29 69.0 31.0 100.
180

===== PAGE 190 =====
{"alpha_words": 192, "chars": 3134, "method": "ocr", "page": 190, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenoms.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insultic trio.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic, Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9Other
Total
Evaluation
LO-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Binds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Into.
1-Psychological
8-Unknown
Total
TARLE AUS
EKALUAIION
OF OBNECT SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YERRS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
EOR
MONTHS
DE YEAR,
FIVE
SECONDS
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
DE LESS
MARCH
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain (Doubtlui Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtl Toba Certain Polestl Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain
Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Totai
Q
00 00
01
0.0 001
0.0
0 00 0000
9.1.0.0
2
9
14.3. 64.378.6
9.1
00 0.0
D.0
5
0
8
33.3.55.6 88.9
2
5
7 22.255.6 77.8
5
5
45.5. 0.0
45,5
0,0
00 00
0000000
21 0.0
0
00
0.0
00
Q
0.0
00
e
000 a0Do
9.1
00 00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0 00 00.
0.0
0.0
2000.00
0
0.0
0.0
9.1
9.1
0.0
0
000 00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0 ,00
00
Q.0
00
11.10011
9.1
0.0.0.0
0.0
2.1
0.0 7/
0.0
0.0
0000000
9.1
a 0.0
alal
7.1
0.0
7.1
0.0
Q.0
7.1
7.1
0.0
0.0.11.1
11.10.0.11./
2
2 18.2
20 16.2
00.a0.00
200000
10
14/ /28.6/71.4100.
4
5
9644556100
59.4444 55.6/100.
10
11. 90.9. 9.1.100.
MAY
Humber
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
Per Cent
Number
JuLy
Per Cent
Number
AUGUST
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful | Total Cerain, Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtfuf Total Certain Doubtful | Total
20.0
0.0
5
4
2
29.4.11.8
41.2
5
23.5
5.2
29.4
L
10
3
40 00 40
L
3 1.4 2.8
4.2
717 40.028.0.68.0
22
15/31 310.21/521
3
12.0 ll 12.0
2. 16. .9.9.121 22.6
0
13
3
3
20
3 00 50 50
33 21.7
33.355.0
9
5.0
10.0.15.0
0.0.
0.0 0.0
00 00 00
1$00
0.0
0.0. 00
0.0 00
3
1.4
12.8
1.4
0.0
1. 7
1.7
00000
10.0
aR 00 00
L
100
104
4.2
0.0
0.0 00
5.9
0.0 5.9
3
0
3
12.0. 00. 12.0
2
2.8
1.4
Q
0
00 00
0.0 28
0.
LO.Q
0.0.0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0 00
00.00
118. 0.0 11.8)
0.0 00
6
8.5
0.0:8.5
2
11.8 0.0 /11.8
L
40 00 40
2
0
28.00. 28
4
/
2
67 00 67
11.00
1.7
€ 10.0
0.0 10.0
3
33 17 5.0
14
3
1782.417.6100.
18
7125.12.0.28.0/100
42|29 |71 592408 100
29.316048.3 517100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain | Doutttul Total Certain) Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
] Certain Doutstul Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0,0
00.00
0
00000 00
000.00
0.0
13
33.3 20.8.541
4 33.3,0.0 33.3
000.0000
3
42 12.516.7
2
3.
4.2
0
8.3.1l0.7
25.0
0.0
4
2
4.
8 26.226.7 53.4
17 49.4.42./89.5
3 13.3 67 20.0
0 0.0
0.0.0.0
1004.2
Q.
4.2.4.2
8.4
0.0
Q.0
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
0.200
0
Q
6700
6.7
00.0
0.0.0.0
00 0.0 00
0000000
142
00 4.2
3 12.5. 0.0.12.5
0_
000 00 00
0
L
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
167
0
0.0. 00 0.0
0 00 0000
0.0 16.7
00. 00.00
0000000
00000000 a
2167 00 16.1
2
/ 00. 8.3 8.3
0. 2 13.3 0.0.133
0 1 6700.670
14. 10 24 58.341.710019
3 12 75025.0.100. 10
5/15/667 333 1001118
19/51.9.42.1100.1
181'

===== PAGE 191 =====
{"alpha_words": 186, "chars": 3137, "method": "ocr", "page": 191, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aireraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Bieds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insultic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknomn
9-Other
Total
TABLE
EVALUATION
FOR
OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS EOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
JANUARY
MONTHS
FEBRUARE
YEAR,
5/X
TO TEN
SECONOS
Number
MARCH
APRIL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull
Total Certzin Doubtfull Total
Certain Doubtful Tota
000. 00 00
0
000
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100.25.0250
L 0.0. 25.0 250
0.
0
1 1000
0.0.100,0
25.0
0.0
25.0
250
0.0
0,0
000
0.0
0.0
12.5
0.0
250
a0
2
25.0
0 00 00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
000. 0000
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
12.5
0.0
00
0)
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
00
0.0
0.0
000.0000
0.
00
0.L
Q
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
00
0.0
0/000
2
2
25.0
0025.0
0.0
0.0
20.00
0.0
25.0
00
0.0 25.0
0,0
00.00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
12.5
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
12.
5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
3
150
0.0
1150
0.0.
00.00
3
Q
31.5
00
0.0
0.0
31.5
0.0
41500/50.0100
100000100
4
4 Voaa 0.0 100.
8 87.5/2.5 V00.
Evaluation
O-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknomn
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
:9-0ther
Total
Number
MAY
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
Per Cent
Number
Jucy
Per Cent
Number
AUGUST
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful | Total
/ 12.5
0.0125
0
‹ 5.91
0.0
000.00.00
3.
3
0.0.11.5
11.5
2.250. 0.0250
2.12.5.12.5250
3
3
9.17.6
35.31
5.9
152.9
9
15
33.3 22.255.5
3.
3
415
11.5 230,
0.0 12.5 12.5
3.17.6
0.0
2
2.18.5
7.4 25.2
2
10
30.8
1.7
38,5
00.00.00
/
0.
0.0
5.4
5.9
0.0
00
00
3.8
0.0
3.8
0.0, 00
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0 00 00 00
2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
00
a0
Q
11.8
11-8
0.0
0.0
0.0
2 25.0.
0.0 25.0
0.
000
37
00
3.7
3.8
0.0
3,8
0.0.00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00000
0.0
5.9
0.0
0.0
5.9
000 00
00
0.0
0.0
6 2
8.250.250.100
10
117|58.841.2100.
3
19
3
11.L
0.0
11.1
4
15.4
0,0 15.4
3.7
0.0
3.7
38
0.0 3.8.
8 27 70.4 29.6/100.
18
8 2669.230.8100
SEPTEMBER
OCTeRER
NOVEMBER
Mumber
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubttal Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Number
(Certain Doubtful|" Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtful, Total
Certain
00.1/.1
U.l
000
0.2
0.0
2
2
22.21
0.0.22.2
2
00
0.0. 00
0
3200
40,0
60.0
2
46200
2
2 0.0 22.2 222
0.0
0,0
a0
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
ea0 00 00
0
0.0
0.0
2,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
11.1
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
20
0.0
0.0
0 00
0.000
0.0
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
0 0 00 00 00
0.0
00
0.0
0 00 00 00
0.0
0.0
0.01
0.0
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
3
3 33.3 0.0 333
0 2.400.00 00400
/ 33.3. 0.0 333. 0
0200000 e
0 00 00 00 0
9 155.644.4100.13
2 5 k00 400100.
3
03 1000. 0.0.100
e
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
0.0.
100.0100.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0. 0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.02
0.0
0.0
0.0
000 00 00
000 00 00
0 00 00 00
1001000100.
182

===== PAGE 192 =====
{"alpha_words": 185, "chars": 3176, "method": "ocr", "page": 192, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
1D-Balloon
11- Astronomical
2-Aircraft
FLight Phenom.
4-Birds
3-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insultic Into.
7-Psychological
3-Urknom
s-Othes
Total
TABLE
ALRO
EVALVATION DE OBJECT SIGHTINS.
FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
FOR
JANUARY
MONTHS
DE YEAR
ELEVEN TO THIRTY
SECONOS
EEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
Certain Doubtul Tolat Certai Doubtl Total Certain Doubtful Toad Cenai outl Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubiful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
00. 00. 00
000.00
0.0
L.
/ 00 10.0.10.0
000. 00.00
2 leap 0.0.667
50.0. 0.0
50.0
e 0000000
000a000
50.0.00
50.0
0110000100
2
/
0 00 00 00
2.0
0.0 0.0
0 0 00 00 00
000
0.000
00, 00 00
0 0 00,00.00
1
2
0
0
3.18.2 91 21.3
3. 9.1. 18.2.213
L
- 9.1 00.91
0
1910021
00 00 00
00. 00 00
0 0 00 00 00
33.3 0.033.3
0
0 01 01 00
00 00 00
2 0 00 00 00
0
0 00 00 ac
0.0. 0.0.00
e
000 00 00
0 00.00.00
0 00 00 00
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0
0 000000
0 2 200.0.0 200
2
2 18.2 0.018.1
0000000
00 00. 00
5 / 10.050.0 60.0
191 00 91
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
-Insuffic, Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4Birds
5-Clourls, Dust, etc.
G-Insuftic. Info.
L-Psychological
&-Unknown
90ther
3
3 1000 00100|
2
0
2 1000.0.0 0.0100
4
610/40.0.60.0100
8 | 3 11 12.7.27.3 100.
Number
MaY-
Per Cent
JUNE
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Jucy
Per Cent
Number
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain |
Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtfull Total
Certain " Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
/
0
83
0.0
8.3
0.
15.2
0.0
5.9
3
3
64.8
4.8 9.6
100 30 3.0
183
0.0
8.3
/
2
5.9 11.8.17.7
7.97
1.6 113
// 18.2.15./ 33.3
2. 8.3
8.3 lak
2
1 29.4. 11.8 41.2
14
0.0
15 29 22.6.24.2.46.8
3
9.18.2. 91 273
00.2
100
0000000
0.0
000 00 00
1 0.0
83
83
3.0
30
0 00
00 00
00.0
0.0
0.0
000 00.00
000 00 00
00 00 00
4 333
0.0
0.0
33.3
0.
0
20 00
2
216.7 0.0
162
3
3
e 00. 00.00
3176 00 11.6
2
0 00 00 00
5
3 17.6 00 17.6
83 00 83
000 00 00
10
2
12 83.3. 16.7.100.
13
4. 17765/23.5100. 41
00 NOO
21 62166133-9100.
2
0 00 00 00
3.2.00. 3.2
2.6/
0.0 6.1
4.8 3.2 8.0
0 00 00 00
1219.4 0.0.19.4
9.22.3 00 273
000 00 00
23
10 / 3369.7 30.3,100.
Total
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubihul
Total Certain| Doubtfu] Total Certain| Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2 00
14.3 14.3
00000.00
0 00. 00. 00
2
2.00.22.2 22.2
2
3 22.2,11./ 33.3
2
DOOS
3
00
7.1
7 28.6 21.4.50.0
/
2
2 500. 0.0 500
111 00 11/
3 11.1.22.2 33.3
00.00
00
0 00 00 00
N
2500. 00500
3 0.0. 333 333
0 00 00 00
000 00 00
000,00
0.0
000.00 00
0.0 0.0
• 0.0
0 00 00 00
100
1.1
1.1
2 14.3. 0.0
1143
'11 00 11
0
L
e
100.11.1111
0
00 00
000 00 00
/ 111 00 11.1
0.0
00 00 00
0 00 00 00
0 020 00 00 e
0 00 0000
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
L.11./ 0.0. 11.1
2
0 00 20,00
0 00 00. 00
14 50.050.0100.
0
41
9. 155.644.4100.
4
00. 00.00
2.22.2. 00 22.2
0 00 00 0.0
1111 00 11.1
4 1000 00 100 4 5/ 9/41.4 55.6,100.
183

===== PAGE 193 =====
{"alpha_words": 179, "chars": 3131, "method": "ocr", "page": 193, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16-Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8-Uniknown
40ther
Total
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-insuffic. info.
7-Psychalogical
|8-Unknown
9Other
Total
0-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic. Info.
7-Psycholopical
18-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE A121
ENALMATION DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS EOR ALL HEARS BY DURATION DE SIGHTING
JANUARY
FOR
MONTHS EEBRUARY
YEAR
THIRTY ONE
TO
SECONDS
MARCH
Certain Doubtil Tobal certain bouti Total serbin Doubtal Toal Certain bodestl Toal
Number
Per Cent
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful" Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0 00 00 00
0
00 00 0.0
/ 14.3 0.0 14.3
100000ob
00 00 ae
e. R
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
a0
L
0.0
8.3 83
0.0
0.0
:0.0
0.0
0000000
0 00 0000
3|200
40.0 600
0.0
114.3 0.0 14.3
00 00 00
00 00
00. 0000
0.0
0.000
3
00 00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
00: 00.00
00.00.00
1 1000. 0.01000
0
e
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.000
L
20.0
0.0 20.0
000000
0
0.0 00 00
0 W
42.9
0.0429
0.0
000
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
00
0.0
00 00
00000.00
14.3
0.0143
Q
1 20.0 0.0 20.0
0.O 14.3 14.3
O MONO
/
0900/00/0
0.0
8.3
0.0
8.3
06
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100
16.7
0.016.7
0.0
0.0
10.0
66.7
0.0 66.7
00 00 00
111D0.D0.0.100
3
215.600 40.0100.
6
L
785.1V4.3 V00
10
2 12 833/16.7. 100.
MAY
Number
JUNE
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
AUGUST
Total
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull
Certain
Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain | Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
2
2
133.3
0.0
333
0
0.0
0.0
33.3
0.0
333
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
2.
37.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0
0,0
0.0
0.0
2
33.3
0.0
0.0
33.3
0.0
0.0
Q0
0.0
25
00
00
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
25.0
25.0
0.0
12.5/25
5
2
5
3. 1 12.5.15.6
0
12
10
/
22
2.2
4.4155
0.0 2.2
3
3
9.4
9.4 188.
26:7.22.2489
3
5
9.4
6.3|15.2
L
0.0. 2.2
2.2
0.0
3.L
2.2
0.0
2.2
0
0.0
0.0
3.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
10
3
10
0.0
0.0
0.0
6.7
Q.
4
a0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4
12.5
2
0.0 12.5
6.3
0.0
43
222
0.0
22.2
0.0
0.0
9
0.0
28.1
0
0
0
0.0
0.0 28./
0.0 0.0
6
6100000100.
5
/
3
8 62.5 31.5 100.
32
13|45/71.128.91001
22 10
|3268.1 31.3 100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
Number
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
• Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful: Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain| Doubtfu! Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtfull| Total
0.0
1.7
1.1
20.0
0.0
20.0
0,0
0.0
00
2
8.3
8.3.16.4
2
3
15.4
27
23.1
0.0
0.0
00
2
0.0
50.0
150.0
2
8.3
8.3
23.1
20.0
25.0
8.3
0.0
ZZ
30.8
0.0
20.0
25.0
0.0 |25.0
3
333
0.0
0.0
2.7
2.7
Q.
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
00
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0..
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
a0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.6
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
L.
3
9
7.Z
0.0
7.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
23/
0.0
0.0'
23.1
3
0.0 000
0
0.3
0 o
0.0
60.0
0.0
0.0
00.00
0.0
600
00|00
25.0
0.0
125.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00 00 00
e
000 00 00
00 00 00
0 00 00.00
2
2
0
2167. 0.0.14.
0 2 167, 00 l;
4
13. 69.230.8100. 5
0 5 1000 00
100.
2
4 500 500100.
3 12 750 25.0100.
184

===== PAGE 194 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 3345, "method": "ocr", "page": 194, "variant": "plain-vision"}
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenoma.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, elc.
6 insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8-Uinkrow
9-Othes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Lizht Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6- Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
19-Other
Total
Evaluation
i0-Baltoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic, into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
90ther
Total
TRALE
A 122
EVALNATION DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS FOR ALL
YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
FOR
MONTHS
YEAR,
SIXIY ONE
SECONeS TO ElVE MINUTES
LANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
Numbe
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
APRIL
Rumber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful| Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2.10.0.10.0 200
L
1100 00100
2
2 200 0.0.20.0
1.0.010.010.0
L
2
Q
0
/111 00 111
2
121 00 77
000 0000
0 00 0.000
0 DA
0000
3 200 10.0.30.0
/10.0 00 100
2
4. 22.2. 22.2 44.4
0 000000
00. 00.00
Q
Q
00000.00
9 26.9 7.7. 34.6
0000000
00 00 00
0000000
00 000.0
00. 00
00
100 11/ 1.1
10.0 0.0.10.0
Q
2200. 00 200
0 00 0.000
000a000
0.0 00 00
0000000
330.0 00 30.0
2
0
1401
0 0.000 00
1 3.8 0.03.8
0000000
3 11.5. 0011.5
110.0 00 10.0
2 2220.0.222
138. 0.0.3.8
234.6. 0.0.346
1 10.0. 0.0100
2
2 20.0 00 20.0
L
10011/111
138 0038
8
2
10 800200100
9
1110 90.010.0 V00.
5
4/ 9155444.4100.124
2 26 923 7.1 100
MAY
JUNE
Humber
Per Cent
Number
JULY
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Humber
Per Cent
Number
AUGusT
Per Cant
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
7
25.0
4.2
29.2
4.2
7 21.4
3,6
25.0
10. 2% 14.98.8
23.7
22
15.6.18.7 34.3
0.0
4.2
3
2
3.6
Q
1.8
1.8
10
12
L
2
1.6
3.2
5.
3
10.2
2
20.0
L
1. 6
8
12.5 20.8 33.3
4
8
14.31
14.3
28.6
18
12
30 15.810.5
126.3
10
4
14 15.6
6.2
21.8
0.0
0000
0
0.0
0,0
00
5
L
6
4.4
0.9
5.3
2
2
0
0.0
0000
0.0
0.0
Q
00.0
0.20.0
0.0
3./
3.1
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.00.0
00.0
0.0
0.0
4.2
0. 0 4.2
Q
Q
0,0
0.0
0.0
12
12
10,5
0.010.5
000
0.000
0.0.25.0
0.0
0.0
2
3
5
1.8
2.6
4.4
€ 25.0
25.0
0.0
25.0
29
0. 29 25.4. 0.0
25.4
4.2.00.42
3
10.7
0.0 10.2
3
3 2.6.0.0
2.6
3
2
16
2
00
3
4.1
0.0
4.2
3
3. 1
1.6.
1.6
4.7
25.0.0.0|25.0
2 3.10.0
3./
1/24 70829.2100
21
ZL
28.75.0.25.0100
86. 281114 75.4124.6100
44
20.64868.8/ 31.2.100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubthal Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain| Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
5
8
S..!
14.3 22.9
2
4
6
8.7.17.426.1
2
2
25 D
0,0
25.0
2
3
11.8
5.9. 127
2.9
29
5.8
12
13
e
2
2
8.7
8.Z
12.5
0.0/2.5
00 59
2.9. 34.3.37.1
3
3
0.0
0
5.9
6
13.01
13.0,260
0,0
0.000
5
5.9 23.5 29.4
0.0 0000
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
/ 12.5
0.0 12.5
0
0.0.0.000
0.000.00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.0
0.00.0
0.0
0.0.00
0.00000
0.0
L
00
0.00.0
2 0.0 25.0 250
0
2.9
2.9
4.3.0.0
4.3
2
2
0.0
000.0
0.0
0.000
11.8.00
111.8
0 00 0.000
00 000000
0 0 00 00 00 0 0 00 0.000
// 31.4 00 31.4
0. 1 30.40.030.4
0 225000250 6063530035-
0 00 00. 0.0
0 / 4.3 0043
0
00000000 0 0 0 00 00 00
17. 18 3548.6 51.4100.1141
9/23 60.9.39.11001
2 8/75.025.0100./
6: 1764.7 35.3,100.
185

===== PAGE 195 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 3388, "method": "ocr", "page": 195, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaltation
0-Balloon
i1-Astronomical
(2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenoma.
4-Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc
E Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Ottrer
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
14 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
(8-Unknomn
gOther
Total
Evaluation
o-Balloon
:1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenoms.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
&- Unloom
9-Other
Total
TABLE
A 123
EVALUATION
DF OBJECT
_SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
EOK
MONTHS
OF
YEAR,
S/X
TO THIRTY
_MINUTES
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
Humber
Pes Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtfal Total Certain | Doubitul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2.
3
1.1
2.2 154
2
2250|
0.0 25.0.
/
10.0 10.0.20.0
000
23.1 0.0 23.1
/ 12.5
0.0 12.5
L
10.00.010.0
3
15.4
1.1
23./
2
2
0.0
25.0250
2
3
10.0 20.030.0
0.0
0.00.0
2
4
0
2 15.4
0.0.00
4
30.8
0.0 15.4
00 30.8
0.0
0.0.00
00.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.00.0
0
0
0
0.0 00 00
0.0
0.0 0.0
0
0,0
0000
0 0.0.
0.0 00
0.0
0,0
0.0 00
0 0.0
0.0 00
000 00 00
7.7
0.0.77
0.00
0.0. 00
? 23./1
0.0 23/
00.0
0.0
0
0
0
0
0.0
e
0.0
00.00
0.0
0,0
0.0
0
L
0.0
0.0
0,0
10/0
3
30.0
0.0.30.0
27 0.0
1.7
3
3 375 0.0. 375
00 10.0100
00
2.7
0.0
6 46.2
0,0
0.0,00
0.0.2.Z
00 a0
0.0462
0.0 0.0
2 13 84.6 15.4100.
2
8 25025.0100
6
410/60.0400100
131
0
13 1000. 00 100.
Number
MAY
Per Cent
JUNE
JuLy
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Humber
AUGUST,
Per Cent
Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtfal Total
Certain Douttu Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
9. 26.9 27 34.6
2
3
L
Q
3
7.7.3.8.11.5
1
2
9. 20.6 5.9 26.5
21
11,32
- 19.6. 10.3.29.2
10 27 21.3.12.533.8
2,5900
5.9
5
9 4.7.3.7
8.4
4. 11.5 38 15.3
8
2:10
2.511.5
4.
3
10.0
7. 11:7 8.8 20.5
3
15
8. 23 14.0 7.5 21.5
10 16
7.5 12.5200
115 00 11.5
0.0
12.9
0.0 2.9
528 19 47
3
3.8.0.0. 38
0.0 00
e
3.8
0.0
138
000. 00 00
00 00 00
0.0
00.00
0 00 00 00
00 00 00
2
0.
3
7.2
00 27
2
1.3 1.3
25.9
00 59
1 15 140.00 140
7.5
0.0 2.5
00 00 00
48.8: 0.0
8.8
/ 0.9 00 02
3.8
0.0 3.8
Я 26.5. 0.0.26.5
0 17.15.9 0015.2
2
10
2.5
0.0, 2.5
12.5. 00.125
3.8 |
1.7 11.5
00. 00.00
1. 5 37 09 46
5 50 13 63
20
26 76.9123.1100.1
291
5 34 85314.7100
81. 26107 157/24.3100/56
2480/700.300100
SEPTEMBER
Number
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain
, Doubttul Total Certain
| Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain | Doubthul Total
Number
Certain
| Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
T Doubtful Total
4136. 4.518.1
2
2
0.0
2
6. 0.0 33. 3 33.3
2
9.5 14.3.23.8
2
3
8.3
9/ 4.1
5
3 5.611.116.7
2
4.518.222.7
2
5.6 5.6/1.2
2
2 5.6.5.611:2
3
3
5.
4. 2 12.5
5
9.5.14.323.8
/
5.16.7
4.2 20.9
3
0.0.14.314.3
2
3.4.2
8.3. 12.5
45.45,90
0.0.00.00
100,5.656
000.00 00
0 00 00 00
00
2
/5.6,00. 5.6
L
e
2
• 4.8.4.89.6
L
/
4.2
0.0 4.2
000,00
000
0.0
0 00 00 00
0.0.
0 0.0
9100.91
/
4.8 00 4.8
6
0 00 00 00a
0 0 00 00 00
0 000 00.00
6 22.3.00.27.3
3
3 16.700.16.7
5
0. 523.8 0.0 23.8
2
8
2
0.0
8.3
0.0 8.3
/ 4.2 0.0 42
8. 33.3 0.0 33.3
1 45 00 45
0 0 00 00 00
0 0 00 00 00
0.
1 42 00 4.2
141
8 22 636364100.17
/ 18/38961.1100 / 10/21 524476100/201
42483.3/16.7 V00.
186

===== PAGE 196 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 3229, "method": "ocr", "page": 196, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
7- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, elc
E insultic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
0-Balloon
1-Astronoaical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
i9-Other
Total
Evaluation
,0-Balloon
, 1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
90ther
Total
TABLE A124
EVALUATION DE OBJECT SIGETINGS EOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION DE SIGHTING
FOR
MONTHS
YEAR,
OVER
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
MARCH
THIRTY
MINUTES
Humber
Per Cent
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfal | Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubttul| Total Certain [Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
333. 00.333
0.0. 33.3.333
L
Q.
150.0. 00 50.0
2
2 500. 0.0 50.0
0
3.33.3 0.0 33.3
Q
15000050.0
1 250 as 25.0
3
2
2 22.2.0.0.22.2
e
0
0 00 0000
200 00 00
000 00 00
1. 00 /1.11.1
0000000
e00.0000
000a0 00
000.00 00
0000000
0000000
20000.00
a 00. 00
0
0 0.0
0.00.0
0
000
00
0.00.0
0 00 00.0.0
0 0.0
0,0
00
0
0000. 00
0.0
0000
000 0000
/ 11.1
//./
0 00 00,00
0
0.0.
0.0. 0.0
0 00 000.0
0.0
0.0.00
0.0. 00.00
0000000
1 25.0 00 15.0
333 00 333
0 0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
2
0
2
22.2
0.0 22.2
0.
0.0 00.00
2
1 3 166.7 33.3.100.
2
0 1 2 1000 0.0100
4
4 Voad 00 100.
8
9/88.911./1100
MAY
JUNE
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
number LY Pa cent
AUGUST
Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cent
| Certain T
Doubtfui Total Certain
Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.00.0
0.0
2
8 31.512.5 50.0
4
// 14.0.80 22.0
6
0.0
0.0
0.0
4 25.0-
0.025.0
4
10.12.0
8.0 20.0.
3
9 16.2. 8.1 24.3
1O0O
0.0
00
7
1310.9 16.2 35.1
00
12.5
0.0 12.5
2
4
0.0
0.0
0.Q
0
0.0
4.0
8.0.12:0
2
3
5.4 27. 8.1
0.0
0.0
120. 00
2.0
0.0
a0
Q0
2
0.0
0.0
2021.21
0,0
50.0
0
0.0
00
0 00 00 00
0.0. 0.0. 0.0
50.0
0.0
00
0.0
020 00 00
00. 00.00
0.0
0.0 0.0
0
0.0
00
0,0
480.00.80
0.0. 27
22.
00
0.0 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
2.0 20 4.0
2
2
2.1
5.4 0.0 5.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
163
00
6.3
14
0 14 28.0 0.0 280
16.2
10.0 16.2
50.0
0.0500
L
1. 6.3 0.0 6.3
2
2 40 00 40
20.0.54. 54
2
1000 0.0100
14
2 16 875/12.5 100.
37
13 50 14.0 26.0.100. 24
13/37 /64.9/35.1100.
SEPTEMBER
UIOBER
NOVEMBER
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain! Doubtful Total
Number
Number
DECEMBER
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful, Total Certain Doubtful: Total Certain Doubtful
"Total Certain Doubttul Total
2 00 87 81
3
4.30.0 10.0.40.0
e000 00 00
0.0
00 00
3
2
2
4 13.0 4. 3. 17.3
100. 0010.0
2
5 23./ 15.4 385
2 33.3 333.66.6
48.1 87 17.4
0. 20. 00.0.0
127 00 77
0.0
0.0. 00
/ 00. 43 43
0 00
0.0 0.0
0 00 00 00
0.0
0.0: 0.0
143, 00 43
L
1 10.0.
0.010.0
0000.0000
0
0.0
0.0,0.0
0 00 0.00.0
000
0.0
0.0
0.00. 00 00.
0.0 00 00
2
2. 87. 00, 8.7
e 0.0
0.
e
143 0.043
0.0
0.0
2 1540015.4
00000eae
7 30.4 00 30.4
0 3 300 00 300
3.
17100710
0.0
0.0
0.0
0000 00 00
3 23.1 0.0.23.1
00.00 ac
/ 4.3 0.0.4.3
11 00 10.010.0
1 77 00 71
1. 33.3 0D 33.3
17
6 23 73.9.26.11100.
8
210/80.020.01001
11
2//3.846//5.4.100.2./|3l667 33.3/00.
187

===== PAGE 197 =====
{"alpha_words": 184, "chars": 3332, "method": "ocr", "page": 197, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3 Light Phessom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
G-Unknoma
9-Other
Total
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenoms.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic, Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9Other
Total
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
4- Birds
5Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
20ther
Total
TABLE. AL25
EVALUATION DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS EOR ALL YEARS BY DURATION OF SIGHTING
EDR
MONTHS
DE
YEAR y
JANUARY
QURATION
_NOT
STATER
FEBRUARY
MARCH
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
Certain . Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfel Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0 00 00.00
1/.1
0.0
11. /
8.6
12.7. 21 5.4
1 273.22.750.0
2
6. 10.22.2 33.3 55.5
3.
0.0
8.6
2
2
4.11
0.0 9.1
3
11.L
5.646.2
5.
3
1220.014.3 343
6
0.0
8.6
8.6.17.2
2
8 16.2 5.4/ 21.4
16.2
0.0 16.2
0000
0.0
0.00.0
Q
020.0
0.0
0.0 00 00
0.0 0.00.0
0.0
0.00.0
00.00.02
270.0. 27
00000.0
0.0
0.00.0
e
00 00 00
Q
0 00 00 00
5
5 227 0.0221
5.6
0.0 5.6
2 00 00:00
LD.
0.
10 28.6
0.0 28.6
0.0
0.0 0.0
0 00 0.000
2
9л 0.09.1
2
2
U.L
e011
00 29
3
L2.9
12
Z.
0. 12 32.4. 00.32.4.
0.
2.7 0.0
2.7
1 18.2.00/18.9
2
0
2
9.10.0.91
R
0 00 000.0
3 00
8.6. 8.6
0
0.0 0000
5. 22 /27.3 22.7/00
//
1. 18/61.138.9100.
241
11 3568.6. 31.4100.
341
332.91. 9 81 100.
Number
MAY.
JUNE
_JULY
AUGUST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful: Total
Certain Doubtfui Totas
Certain| Doubttull Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
T Doubtial Total
2
5.9
0.0
59
15.8. 0.015.8
20
2. 22.12.3 5.617.9
10
2
12
29. 41
5.9 35.3
26 0.0.2.6
15
5.6, 3Z
5
2
3
8 61 40
107
5
10.5 26 13.1
5
2 21 61 9.4
4
8.8.11.8.206
/
0.0
29.29
0.0.00.00
0.029.29
0.0
21
3
9.3
12/33
13.0 74 20.4
2
16.12.093
21.3
3
12 0.019
2. 2.1
0.0 2.2
L.
000000
2
0.6
0.6
12
0
0.0
10.0
0.0 0.000
00 0000
R
06 00 06
6
17.60.0176
0.00.00.0
5 147. 0.0147
000 00 00
12
2
10
2
012
0.0
0.0
0.0
316 0.0 /31.6
2
5.3,0.0
5.3
0 10
26.3. 00 263
0.2
53
0.0 5.3
35
1
30
"1
e 35
216 00 21.6
19
19
253
0.0 253
3
0.61.22
1.8
/
1.3
0.0
1.3
е 30
185. 00185
19
012
253
0.0 253
0 ' 68 0.0,68
2
L
2.7 13
4.0
26
8134 14.523.5,100.
32.
1.3897412.6 100.
1/32 30 16281.5.18.5 100. 59.1675178.721.31100.
SEPTEMBER
NOVEMBER
Per Cent
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain! Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful, Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0
3
00: 0.000
15.8. 1.2 23.7
26|
5.2
2
2
3 6.5
3.2
9.7
1 26 15.818.4
50 00 50
19.4
125.8
6.5
13.0
4
11. 18.4.10.5.28.9
13.2
5.3
2
2
5 100 15.0250
2.6
2
6.5
5
185
3 10.0
5.015.0.
0000000
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0.0.0
00.0
0.000
000a000
0.0
0.0
00
0
0.0
0.01
0.0
Q.
00.0. 0.000
0000000
4
9 23.7.0.0.237
126 00 16
10
10 26.3.0.0.26.3
6
6
8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0000000
6
19.4. 0.0
19:4
1.9
0.0
1.9
5
5
250. 0.0 25.0
О 32.0.0.32
e 2 00 00.00
1 5020/50
0 8 25.8. 0.0258
8
0 8 210 00 210
2 100 00 10.0
1.15.82.618.4
0 1 3.20032
2
0 2 53 0.053
3
3 150 00 150
33
5 3 886813.2100. 22
4/3/ 11.0 29.0100/26/12 |38 68.4.31.6100
116.
4 20 80.0 20.0 100.
188

===== PAGE 198 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 4319, "method": "ocr", "page": 198, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0- Balioon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3 Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, elc
6 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
& Laknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE_
A126
EVALUATION
SHAPE.
DE
ALL
SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL
YEARS
OF OBJECT,
ELLIPTICA
ALL
YEARS
Number
Per Cent
1947
1948
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1949
PerCent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
159/10 269 10.5 13 17.8
5.
5. 89
0.0.8.2
10
15 25 10.8.16/269
8.35 12 47
179.151 330 11.8 10.0.218 12
181|141 322 11.9 9.3 21.2
1621.4
7./ 28.516
18 34 172 19.4 366 19 65 84 11.037.648.6
2. 1.8
1.8 3.6
2 6 45.00. 6513
16
5.
0,0
9 22 75 5.212.7
17. 33
_ 1. 1. 1.122
2
2, 3.6
00 3.6
5
5.4 5.4
0 00
0.0. 0.0
10.
4 14 02 0310
0 00.
0.000
0,0
ALLI
4 2.3
0.0|2.3
134.
42. 02. 03. 05
0.
0 00
0.0.00
0
00 00 00
000 0000
0. 134 88. 00,88
610.7
0.0107
0.0 75
0.0 11.0
17
7
11.0
8 25 11 05.16
033/ 21.8. 0.0 21:8
43.6
7, 7.5
119
3. 4 7.2
1.11
0.0
2
2 /.2
0.0 1.2
331
42
10 52 28 07 35 12
9. 16.1
0.0 16.1
0. 12 214 00 214
10
2
0 10 108 00 108 31
0 31 17.9. 00 172
24222244 3 0 3170011
1012 445151770729.3100.49. 25687.512.5100. 52. 41 93 55944.1 100|27126.173/54.143.9100
Evaluation
0-Balloon
11-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
90ther
Total
Evaluation
i0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
-1950
Number
Per Cent
1951
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
_ 1952
Certain Doubtfull
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
18
13
2
20
133 15 14.8
610.2
22.13.1
115 90 205 11.3. 8.9 202
20
9.6.
5.2. 14.8
1119.6 4.3 239 110
55/65.10.8. 5.4162
15
2
111.1
15. 12.6.
4.
5
000
8.2
2.210.2142, 128 270 14.012.626.6
00. 00
00. 2.2
2.2
14
1125
1.4 1/25
0 00 00.00
1 00 2.2, 2.2
8 0.6 0.2 0.8
0
0000.00
e00
0.0.0.0
33. 244. 00.24.4.
48.7
3
0.087.65
2 3030.203
0 65 64 00 64
4 30. 00, 30
10.0 22 22
5 13. 08: 05 1.3
36
3
0.36 264 00 266
17
17. 37.0. 0.0 37.0 228
0 228. 22.5 0.0 22.5
1 5 2.2 45 3.7
0 0
000. 00. 00 22
6 28 2.2 0.6 28
122
13/1359049.6.100.39 14684.8.15.2/00. 7/3 301 1014 703 297100.1
TABLE
A127
EVALUATION
OF ALL
_ 5/GHTINGS
FOR
8Y
SHAPE
OF
OBJECT,
ROCKET
ALL
YERRS
ALL YEARS
1947
1948
AND AIRCRAFT
Number
Number
1942
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul
Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
62.0.2.040
4
21.
2
16
0.
0. 00. 0.0.00
L
1001171
L
/ 62. 0.0. 6.2
20 27.10.9.13.4
000: 00.00
2
2 00 14.3143
28
49.14.3, 19.0 333
000000e
5
11 6, 35.7 7.1 428
2
3
L
3 02 18.] 18.7
3 12.5 6.2 18.7
3.1.3 07.20
000 00 00
1 00 0000
1 00 0000
0000000
000, 00. 00
0 00 00 00
0
0 00 00 00
1100 07. 0%
000. 00.00
0 0 00 00 00
000 00 00
10
0 10 68 00. 68
0000000
0L 110071
2
2 12.5 0.0 /2.5
43 ° 43 393 00 393, в
0 / 48 00 48 0 0 0 00 00 00 0 0 0 00 00.00
0. 162. 00 62
0 6.1000 00 1000 3 0 3 21.4 0.0.21.4 6
0 6 375 0.0315
1
/ 8 48 01 55 0 00000000/041100a1e
000000ee
97 50 147640 340\00 6 0| 6 1002 0.0100. 10
414/7428.6100/2 4.16 75025.0000.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insultic into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
4Other
Total
Number
1950
Per Cent
Number
1951
4952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
L
L
0.
.. 127. 00.27
0..
100 48 48
2 13 13 26
17.7 46.2 53.9
L
000 00 00
5
0
4
/ 4800 48
2.
5_
1, 2.6.6.5 9.1
2 23.8 19.0428 9 22 3/ 11.728.6403
000 00 00
00000000
0
oa0ccca
132613.39
0 00 00 000
0 000. 00 0.0
0 00000.00
000 00 00°
/ 0.0, 1•3 1.3
0 ' 770027
2
2 95 00 95
0000000e
4
0 4 5.2 00 5.2
0000 00 00 6 06780078
3
L.
0, 3.23.10.01231
2. 33.3. 0.0.333 16
0 18 23.4 0.0 23.4
01
/ 77.0.0, 7.77
/
2 / 48 00484/
5 52 13 65
7
6113 538462100|161 5|21262|23.8 V00.146 31 27|597 40.3100.
189

===== PAGE 199 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 4044, "method": "ocr", "page": 199, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
¡ 1- Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
{3-Light Phenom
1-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16 Insuffic Into
1-Psycholopical
i8-Unknome
4-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Ciouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
90ther
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronozical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
& Unknown
2-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
:1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3 Liett Phenom
i4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
E insuffic Into.
7-Psycholopical
8-Unksown
Total
TABLE A128
EVALKATION
OF ALL SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL
YEARS
ALL
BY.
SHAPE OF
OBJECT,
METEOR
COMET
YEARS
Number
Per Cent
1947
1948
Number
Per Cent
Number
1949
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubttul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Tota
44.3 00 4.3,
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
00. 00.00
48
25
9351/ 26.6.72.2
2.100.00.01000
5
4/2.1.2.1
4.2
0 00 0000
/ 00.11.11
00 00 00
0011
1.1
0.0. 00.00
0.0 11 1.1
2
0
8
2.1.
0.021
0.0
0.0. 0.0
8,5. 0.0. 8.5
0 0 0 0
0
0.0
00.00
0.0
0. 0 0.0
0.0 00.00
2
0000.00
000000oa
13 31.2 50.081.2
00. 00
0.0
0.0.00. 0.0
00 02. 00
00 00 00
0.0 00 00
00000:00
3.18.8. 0.018.8
.0.0. 0.0. 00
0 00 0000
0 0 00. 00 00
64 3019468/31.9100.
01 2 100.00.01001
8
8 16 50.0 50.0100.
0000s06bA
2
0000010040
25.0.62.5.81.5
0.0 00 00
00. 00.00
0.0 12.5.12.5
000 07
00 0000
00 00.00
00 00 00
0.0 00 00
000.00 00
6|8/25015.0v00
Number
1950
Terrell
1951
Number
Per Cent
N1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtfull
Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtfsl! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubthul|
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Tota
L
L
50.0
0.0 500
0.0
0.000
3
0. 3 47. 00
50.0
00 50.0
2
50.050.0100.037
1148
4.7
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
00 00
2
51.8.17.215.0
0.0
4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.1
3. 1.
00
/ 00
1.6 1.6
0.0
00. 00
0
0,0
0.0.00
0
00. 00
0,0
0.0
0.0
00
al
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
e
2
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
16e
1.6
2
3.1
0.0
3. 1
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.01
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
000
0.0. 00
5
0.01
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0
1.8
1.8
0
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
2
TABLE A129
0
2 1000 00 100.
EVALVATION
SHAPE
2|50.0.50.0100
149 15 6476.6.23.4100.
DE
ALL
SIGHTINGS FOR ALL
YEARS
OBJECT,
LENTICULAR, CONICAL OR TEAROROP
ALL YEARS
1947
1948
1949
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Total Certain! Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Totaí
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Tota
29
5
34 18.4 3.2
21.6
0 00
0.0
10.0
2
3
18.2. 9.1 21.3
8
53.3
0.0 533
14
14
28
8.9
8.9
17.8
0.0
8.3
8.3
16
0.0
0.0
4
4
36.4
8
0.0. 36.4
0.0.13.3 /3.3
33
10.8 10/
20.9
.00
0.0
0.0. 0.0
5
0.0
33.3. 33.3
0.0
0.6
0.6
0.
0.0
0.0. 00
2
0.6
0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.6
1.2
00 00
e
L
9.1
0.0
0.0
00. 0000
4
9.1
0.0.2.5
2.5
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.000. 00.00
15
32
4
15
9.5
020000
00
9.5
4 33.3| 0.0 33.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0000
4/ 25. 0.0 25
00000.00
0 0 0 00 00 00
20.3| 0.0 20.3
0000000e
0 32
5 2.5
0.6
3.1
5
2
54.1 00 411
20
2 18.2 0.0.18.2
0 00 00 00
2 Ma. 7 00 16.7
1 21 00 9.1
0 00 000000
1164215813412661001
1 12 917 83 10010
/ 90.99.1 100. 8 7/15 53346.7,100.
1950
Per Cent
195
1952
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain / Doubtful Total
Certain Doubttul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2
3
16.7, 8.3
25.0
2 28.6.00
28.6
15
3. 18 14.9. 3.0 17.2
2
0.0
_ 16:7 16.7
2
2
0.0 28.628.6
10
0.0
1 17 99 69 16.8
3
25.0,00
25.0
0. 0. 00
00.00
0.0
0.0
14
0.0
10.0
11. 25 139 10.9 24.8
10.01.010
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
10010
1.0
e00
00.00
0.0
0.0
40.04.0
8.3
0
0.0.8.3
2
28.6
0.0
$.0
0.0 28.6
0.0
0.0
00
15.0
0.0
0.0.0.0
3
0.0 25.0
14.3
0.0 14.3
8
4
21
8 79
00
1.9
e 44000.40
e 21 208 0.0
208
0.00.0
0.0
0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
2101020
9
3
12 15.0/25.0100.
5
2
/ 714/28.6100
73
28 101-72.3.27.7100
190

===== PAGE 200 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 4162, "method": "ocr", "page": 200, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1- Astronomical
2-Aircraft o
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuftic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unkromn
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Ligtt Phenos
A Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Info.
, 7-Psychological
E-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6insuffic. Into
7-Psychological
&- Unkrown
7-Other
Total
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychologicad
8-Unkrown
gOther
Total
TABLE
A130
EVALNATION
ALL
SIGHTINGS
EDR ALL
YEARS
В4
SHAPE
OBJECT
FLAME
ALL
YEARS
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
1947
1948
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1942
PerCent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Fertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttul | Total
3
57
19.
3
61Z
1.7,3.4
44
19/ 32.8 25.3,58.1
L
2
133.3. 0.0 33.3
000 0.00.0
2.661.0.0664
7
1/ 41.2.23.564.7
0
8
0 0 00 00 00
10.
27 35 17.0 57.4 744
29.10.9.5.7.14.6
0 0.0.
0.0. 00
L
10.059 59
5 85 21 10.6
0.0
0.6
0 20
0.000
000 00 00
0 20 00 00
/
Aile
0.6.
a 00
0.0. 0.0
0
0 00 00a0
0 20 00 00
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0.0
0.000
0 00 0000
020.00.00
3
1.7
0.0. 17
е 20
00 00
00.02.0.0
243.00. 43
2,1.1
0.0.
18
10.3
0.0. 10.3
R
0.0
0.0 0.0
0L
0.0 00. 00
000 00.00
8
5.1346
2.9,7.5
0
00.00.00
0
1 59 00,59
5 10.6. 00.10.6
000.0000
4 0. 0. 23.5.23.5
0 00 00 00
11163174 63.836.2/00.
0 3/100.000 100.
8
217411522100.491 28 47 404159.6100.
Humber
1150
1951
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain| Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
00 00 00
000.00.00
2
3
5 24.36.60
3
14 647,17.6823
L
3
£ 14.3.42.951.2
28
7. 35 397 84 42.2
2. 11.8. 0.0 11.8
114.3 00 143.
12
Q.
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
!
8. 20 14.5 9.6 24.1
0
112.001.2
000 00 00
0 00 00 00
10.0.12.12
0 00 0000.
e
0 0.01
0.0.00
0000000
000 0000
2 0.0.
00 00
1 1.2
0.0 1.2
0
0
0 000000
0
0 00 00. 00
2.24. 0.02.4
1159 00 59
2
2. 286. 0.028.6
9 10.8 0.010.8
00000p0
0 00 00 00
9 9.6.1.2.10.8
14
1.3. 482.4117.6100.
41
3 757.1429 100163 20 83175.924.1v00
TABLE
A 131
EVALKATION
OF
ALL SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL
YEARS
ALL YEARS
BY
SHAPE
OF
QBJECT,
OTHER
SHAPES
1947
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cest
Number
1948
194/9
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtfal!
Total Certain! Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
[Doubtful, Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
34)
19. 5310.4 5.8
162
0.0
О.0.
0.0
2
29100
9.1
3
42.41.1 1.195
43
28.
1/13.18.6.
21.7
3
5 42.9 28.6. 11.5
2
3
5 9.1. 13.6 22.7 13
4 17 310 95 40.5
ANAN
33. 12.11.210.1
3
4 4.5. 13.6 18.2
5
2
111.9 4.8 16.%
4.
22.0
0 00 00 00
81.2
12
2.4
0
_ 0.0
0.0
0.0
/
1 00 45 45
0 00 00 00
2
06 12
2 00
0.0
0.0
/
245 45. 90
0
000.00. 00
3
5
71.2
0.9
2.1
0
00.0 00
0.0
2
e
25. 26.00
1.6
0 00 00 00
90302 00 18.2
000. 00:00
18.2. 0.0 18.2
0
6 18 0.0
18
5
5 119. 00 1.9
0 66 202 00 202
NO
000 00 00
0 00 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
2 28.4 0.0 28.6
8
2
2 91 00.91
8
0
8490 00 19.2
7. 15 24 21 4.5
0 0 00 00 00
2 20021911
0
- 24 00 2.4
231 96-327/70.6/29.4100.
5
2 7 71.4.286100. /12 10/2254.5455/100. 33 9 42786/21.4100.
1950
Hamber
Per Cent
195L
Number
Per Cent
1952
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtul] Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtfui| Total Certain Doubtful Total
DONN
2
9 167 48 21.51
3
19.5
3
3 13.6. 0.0
13.6
21. 14,35 109 7.3.182
7./l6.6
3
4 45 136 181
20
13 33 10.4 66 11.2
0
13 19.0 11.9.30.9
1 5182 4.5.221
21
0 00 00 00
0
e 20 00
0.0
22 43 10.9.11.5 22:4
4
72.116,37
0
000 00 00
0º00.00
2 05 05 10
0.
000,00 00
00. 00. 0.0
1 21 1.6 37
11.9. 0.0 м.9
2
0 2 91 00 9.1
0 00 00001
00
941.00.47
00 00.00
5
0
3
5 11.9.00 119
631,00
13/
0 6 213. 00 213
43
0. 43 224. 0.0 22.4
300. 11.71
29.
13 42/690/31.0/100
2.
181
0 2 91 00 91
5
126 10 3.6
4/ 2281.818.2 100 134) 58192/69.8.30.2100.
191

===== PAGE 201 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 2172, "method": "ocr", "page": 201, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
,0-Balloon
i1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic into.
7-Psycholorical
19-Other
Total
TABLE
-A132
EKALVAIION OF
ALL
SIGHTINGS
FOR
SHAPE
OF
OBJECT,
SHAPE
ALL
NOT
YEARS
STATES
ALL YEARS
1947
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Number
Number
1948
Per Cent
1949
Mumber
Per Cent
her thent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubthe | Total
38
13/
75
40 78 48
5.1
63.194 16.1
8.0
58./33
2.6
1.4
0.0
9.9
247
17.0
1./
132
00
3.2
3
3
19.4. 94.188
00000 00
13
114419
3.2 45.1
4
6 63 12.5 188
32
58 340.21:7 61.7
3.2
3.2
6.4
4/ 12.5 0.0 125
26
15
7.4L
8515.9
2
0.0
0.0
10.0
000
2
2
6.3
0. 0. 6.3
3.1
3.1
2
0
0.0
0.00.0
0. 8.
0.1
00, 00
00
0.0
00 00
5. 06
0.0
e 0.0
0.0.
00
0.0
0.0
00
109
2
191
4/3
10913.2
0.0
13.9
4.12.9
00 V2.9
7
219. 0.0
21.9.
0
8
0.0
0.000
8
3.5
0.0
8.5
2
0.3
0.3
0.
3.2
0.0
244
00
3.2
000
0.0
0.0
0. 00
0.0 0.0
19/ 244. 00
0
6 19.4
19.4
6
18800 188
6 6.4
0.0 6.4
11 54 55 14 69
3
9.7.
0.0
9.7
0
0.0
0.000
7
174. 00.74
609.175-784-127 22.3100291
2|3/ 93.5.65 100.
24
8|32 75025.0100
60/34 94 63836.2 100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenca.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Ento.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Number
1950
1951
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
1952
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtill Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtfal Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certzin| Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain | Doubttal Tota
4
19
LL
2
6 47, 24 4.1
2 2 00/36 36
30 33 63 6.2 68 13.0
4 23223 41 27012
6 18 21.8.10.9 32.7 53 22 15 10.9.4.5 15.4
8 19 /2.9 94 22.3
2
2 4 36 36 7.2 50 39 89 10.3 80 18.3
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
0 0 0 0
200 00 00
9 10.6. 0.0 10.6
00 00 00
MOON
0 2 36 0036
5.
0 510 00/10
0 0 00 00 00 6 0 612 00 12
0000. 00.00
05.10 00 10
e 4 73 00 13 77
1. 0 71 15.8. 00. 15.8
1 18 00 8
2. 2 00 04 04
23
23 271.00.211..
4
0 19 34.5 0.0 34.5 131
0.131 26.9. 0.0.26.9
2. 535.24.59
5.
0. 52/00.91 25 2 34 511869
169.16/85/91.218.8100|45 10 55.81.8/8.2100. 382105487 784/21.6100.
192

===== PAGE 202 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 4234, "method": "ocr", "page": 202, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
o-Balloon
11- Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
1E insultic into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknow
:90ther
Total
0-Balloon
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
, +-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. into.
,7-Psychological
9-Othes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phesom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
Z-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust etc.
16 insuffic Into.
|7-Psychological
'9Othes
Total
TABLE A133
EVALVATION
UNIT SIGHINGS
ALL
YEARS
BY
SHAPE
OF OBJECT,
ELLIPTICAL
ALL YEARS
Humber
Per Cent
Number
1947
Per Cent
Number
194/8
Per Cent
1949
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
[Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Tota
127. 89 21610.7 7.5 18.2
059.6
0.0 9.6
15 10/ 11.6. 217
150/22 272 12.610.3 22.9
4|13 11.3 71 250, 12
15 27 17.4 21.7 39.1
142.118. 260.11.9. 9.9 21.8
16
15. 3/ 13,13 2.6
8
0.
4 12 07 9.3
10
300 03 03
0 11193
00 93
15
8 23 13 07 2.0
No00ox
2 1.9 1.9
3.8
6
6 87 0.0.8.1
2
38. 00 3.8
3
3 00 4.3 43
00 00 00
1001414
2
00. 00
0.0
00 00. 00
115. 00/1.5
4 3.8 3.8
1.6
220
0 220 185. 00 \185
8 15.400
15.4
34
8 42 29 07 3.6
12
0 12 23.1 0.0 23.1
7
2
0
/
18.7
00. 8.1
/ 1$ 00 1.4
7101 00 101
3 29 14 4.3
4
7
2
19
2
16
3
2
3,6
43
1.8
:5.4
52. 80
• 38.4 464
5
12
142
4.5
0.0. 0.0
10.7
0.0
211800
0 0.0
0.0. 0.0
19.17.0 00.17.0
2 1.8
0.0 1.8
16 14.3
• 20 14.3
3 21 00 17
1823367.119069.230.8100.45 7 52865/35 100.41. 28 69 59440.6100. 162|50 112 55.41.44.6100
1950
Per Cent
Number
1951
1952
Per Cent
Number
Certain
Per Cent
Per Cent
| Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful|" Total Certain " Doubthul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Tota
//
12.1
1.3
14.0
10
4.
2
14
12.7
5.1
13
13.9
2.5
16.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
4.
8
4
0
2
5
10.8
2.7
13.5
47-
2
77 17411.5.9.2
10
21.6
54 270
54 156121 6.4
5
10.8
2.7\35
102
113.109. 222 13.4.13.0
0.0
2.7. 27
14
// 25 1.7
1. 3
1D0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.7
2.7
6
2
8
0.1
0.2
0.0 00
3
3
0.0
0.4
15
2
20
2
15
2
20
19.0
2.5
0.0
19.0
$ 10.8
0.0 10.8
61
0
7.3
0.0
0.0.
2.5
25.3, 00
25.3
10
00
2.7 27
8
5
13
1.0
0.6
10
2
2.5
25
50
21.0
0.0
27.0 159
0
159 18.9.00
0.0
0.0 0.0
15
5
20 18 0.6
20.7
18.5
26.4
3.0
0.9
0.4
7.3
1.6
18.9
2.4
9 79 88.6/11.4 100.
30
7/37 81.118.9 100. 575266841 68.431.6/00.
TABLE
A134
EVALVATION
OF UNIT SIGHTINGS
FOR
_ALL
YEARS
SHAPE
OF
OBJECT,
ROCKET
AND
AIRCRAFT
ALL
YEARS
Number
Number
1947
1948
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain: Doubtful:
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubttul: Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain! Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful | Total
3
2
5
2.4
1.6
8
2.4
6.4
4.0
0
000 00 00
0
0.0
00.00
8.8
2
0
7.1
0.0
7.1
7.1
0 00 00
0.0
0.0 18.218.2
2.0
7.1
23
44.16.8.18.4 35.2
0 00 00 00
5
45.4 9.1 54.5
2
3
14.3 2.1
21.4
3
1.6
0.0
0.8
2.4
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
00.00
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0, 0.0
0,0
0.0
10.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 00
0.0
0.8
08
e
0
00 00
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
0.0
0.0 00
10.
37
10
80 00
8.0
0.0
00 00
9.1
0.0
9.1
2
2 14/3 00 14.3
156.00
5.6
0 00 00 00
0 00 00.00
171 00. 1.1
31 29.6.0.0 29.6
6 100.0
0.0 1000
1 91 00 91
6
1 4.8 0.8
5.6
6 42.9 0.0.42.9
0
000.00
0.0
1 91 00
9.1
0 00 00 0.0
89|36125 71.228.8100.
el 6 V000
0.0 100.
3 // 72.1 27.3 100.
12
214185.711431100
1950
Number
rer cent
Number
4951
Per Cent
1952
Number
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Per Cent
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
ILL
0.0
11•0
/
D.D
5.3
5.3
2 15 15 3.0
3
11. / 22.2 333
0
0.0:0.0
0.0
2
3
5.3.0
4.5 1.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
4
9
26.3.211.47.4
R.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.0.0
0000
Nto
- 13.6. 25.8 39.4
3
3.0 15 4.5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
1.L!
0.0
11.1
0.0
2
10.5
0.0 10.5
4
/
0
0000000
100
1515
4 61 0.0 6.1
20 00
О.Д
0.0
0.0
0.0
6 9./
3.
33.31
0.0 33.3
6
0
11/00 4/
31.6
15
0.0. 9.1
0.0
31.6
15 22.7. 0.0 22.7
5.30.0
15.3
3
44.515 60
2
9 71.8.22.2100
141
5 19 /73.7.26.3 100.
142- 24-66636364100.
193

===== PAGE 203 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 3852, "method": "ocr", "page": 203, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
11-Astronomical
2-Aireraft
3-Light Phenom,
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic Info.
7-Psycholopica!
8 Unknom
9-0thes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
[o-Balloon
,1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
L-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phesom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, els.
E Insuffic into.
7-Psyctological
&-Unknown
TABLE A135
EVALVATION
DE UNIT S/GHTINGS
FOR
B4
ALL
YEARS
5 LARE
ABJECT,
METECC
COMET
ALL YEARS
1947
1948
1949
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cenl
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubthui Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
4!
2
e
226 00 26
000 00
0.0
0
0.0 00 00
21 62 539 27.6 8.5
2
426 26. 5.2
4
8 40.040.0 80.0
5
0
143 71.4 85.7
00 00 00
0.0
0.0
/ 00/13 13
2.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
/00. 1.3 1.3
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 00 00 00
0
D.0
0.0
0.0
113. 00.13
0
0.0
0.0. 00
0
L
0
0.0
143.14.3
0.0
0.0 De
0.0
0.0 00
0 20 0000
0
0.0
0.0 20
0.0
0.0
5
566.0066
2
2
20.0L
0.0 20.0.
0.0
0.0
0 00 00 00
10.0
0.0 00. 00
0
00 00 00
51 25 76 67.1 32.9100.
6
410/60.040.0100.
6
I 14.3/85.7/100.
Number
1950
Per Cent
195!
19.52
Certain | Doubtfull
Total Certain Doubtfull
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfu
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain| Doubttu! Total CertainT Doubtful Total
50.000
50.0
0 0.0
00. 00
500.00 500
0.018
/
2 500.50.0 100.034
11 45 68 200.818
2
00 00 al
00.0
0.0 00
0.0
0 00 00 00
2
L-2
4.36.36
10.0.00
0
/
7.2
0.0 /8
00. 00.0.0
0 00 00 00
0
1-8
0.0
0.0.0.0
0.0.00.00
0.
0.0.00.00
0000 00
2000000
00000.0.0
00000
000 00 00
0 0.0
0.0 0.0
00000.00
11.8
0.0
1.8
0 00 00 00
- 0.0 0.0 0.0
00000. 00
3
3
5.4
0 00 00.00
0.05.4
00 00 00
12150050.0100.141 14155 145 25.5V00
2
TABLE.
2 1000. 0.0 100.
A136
EKALNAIION
SHAPE
OF UNIT SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL.
YEARS
OF
OBJECT,
LENTICULAR, CONICAL
OR TEAROROP
ALL YEARS
Number
Number
1947
1948
Number
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful
Number
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
26
13
1la
4.
30 190. 2.9 21.9
0 00 00 00
13
13
26 95 95 190
< 0.016.7.16.7
0
2
3
2 26.0,00
25.0
5
555k
0.0,556
3 315.00. 315
2
0.0
22.2.22.2
11 117 9.5.21.2
0 00 00.00
0 00 0000
/00.07.01
0
00. 00 00
0
0 00
0.0
00
2 00 .22.2.222
20.7.0.7.14
00 00 00
<12.5,00
125
2 00 15
1.5
0 00 00 00
1220 0000
13
4,
26.
3
0.0 9.5
13, 35 00 25-
2 33.3 0.0 333
0 00-
0.0
000.00.00
0.0
26 19.00.0 190
2 333|0.0 333
L
0
0
e 00
0.0
0.0
/ 12.5
0.0 //2.5
00
0
0
e 00 00, 0.0
0.00. 00,00
000.00
-0.Q
0
00 00 00
00000.00
000. 00.00
422 07 29
/ 167 0.016.7
25 00 125
000 00 00
1021 351377452551001
6 833/k7 100/8
0 8 1000.0.0100.
41 9 55.6.44.4 100.
1950
Number
Per Cent
195/
19,52
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain
Doubtful (Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubthil| Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul | Total
2
3.18.2. 9.1.213
2
2
33.3. 0.0 33.3
15
3
- 1815.5.31 18.6
2
0.0.18.2 18.2
0.0. 16.716.7.
3
10
11710.3 7.2 17.5
2 273 00 213
00 00. 00
13
0.0
| 0.0. 0.0
0.
0.0
10000
11 24 13.411.3 24.7
1a0
10
1.0
000 00 00
0.0
0.2
10.0
10210
10
-2.
00 00 00
O.e
0.0
0.0
2
200
9./ 0.0 9.1
2
2 333 00 333
8.2
:2.1 2.1
-0.0 8.2
0
00. 00.00
0 0.0
0.0 00
$ 4.1 0.0 4.1
2
18.2 0.0. 18.2
116.1 0.016%
0.0 00.00
0 00 00 00
20
20
20.6. 0.0 20.6
1%0 10 20
3
// 172.7.27.3 V00.
51
6|83.316.7 100.
26. 47 73226-8100
194

===== PAGE 204 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 4163, "method": "ocr", "page": 204, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenoma.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
16 Insuffic info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Othes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
(9-Other
Total
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Lightt Phenom.
4- Birds
,5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insutfic. Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E- Insuflic into.
7-Psychalogical
&- Unknown
gOther
Total
TABLE A 137
EVALKATION
OF
WALT
SIGHTINGS FOR ALL
YEARS
SHAPE
OF
OBJECT,
FLAME
ALL YEARS
1947
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
194/8
Per Cent
Numbe
1949
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul! Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
3
6.2.22.244
/ 500 00 50.0
46.
24. 70. 33.8.17.6.51.4
1500.00 50.0
0
0
0 00 00 00
0
0 00 00 0.0
3. 10 43.818.862.6
17
1e
27 125 2.4 19.2
000 00 00
L
1 00 6.3 6.3
2
2
10 12 10.552.663.1
3. 10.5.5.3 15.8
/01 00 07
000 00 00
0 00 00 00
0.0 00 0.0
L
1 00 07 27
0 00 00 00
0 000 00 00
D.0
_ 0.000
0 0 00 0000
000. 00.00
0 000.00
0.0
- 3 22 00. 2.2
00000.00
0 0 00 00
0.0
2 15 00 15
0 00 00 0.0
0000 00 00
15
115. 11000110
0 00 00 00
/ 6.3 0.0 63
5 / 44 37 8.1
IN O
0 00. 00 00
4/ 4 0.0.25.0 25.0
1o 0 o o
0
0.0
00. 00
2
10.5. 0.0.105
0.0. 00.00
2
10.5
0.010.5
0.0 0.0.00
9343/36 684131.6100.
2
2 1000 0.0100.
8
816/50.050.0100.
8 11|49.42.157.9100.
Number
1950
1951
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
1952
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain Doubtful|
| Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cant
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Totat Certain Doubtful| Total
0.0
10.00.0
0.0.0
10.0
0.0
2
60.0 20.080.0
0
2
13.3
20.020.040.0
0.0 13.3
20.0 0.0 20.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
2
26
12
L
5 2.5
Z33
3.8
6.3
- 32.9
8.9 41.8
8
20 15.210./ 25.3
13 0.013
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
00. 00
0.0
-0.01.3
0
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 00
10.0
11.3
10.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
000.00.00
0 00 00 00
1.3
0.0 /3
0.0
0.0. 00 00
2
2
25
0.0 2.5
6.7
0.0 6.7
2
2 40.0 0.0.40.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
000 00.00
11•4
-0.0 11.4.
7761.3 89
12
TABLE
3
15 800.20.0-100.
5/80020.0100.
59/ 20.72 74.1 25.3 100.
A 138
EVALWATION
SHAPE
OF
UNIT
SIGHTINGS
ECR
ALL
YEARS
OF OBJECT,
OTHER
SHAPES
ALL YEARS
1947
Number
Number
1948
Number
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful:
Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
32
15
19
47 12.0.5.6 5.612.6
0 00.00 00
2
0
2
13.3, 0.0
13.3
/
2
3.8
00.67
3.8 7.6
2/
50 10.9 80 18.9
2
3. 200400,600
9
31
23./ 11.5 34.6
4
29.60.117 10.9 22.6
0 00 00 00
2
3
6T 13.3 20.0
2
5
11.5
1.7 19.2
3.
1.5
1.1
2.6
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
0
00. 00. 00
2
2
40.8
0.8 16
0 00 00 00
2
04 0.4. 08
e
00000,00
21
21 80 0.0
8.0
e
6.
623 0.023. 0
0000000
00 000.000
55
0 55 .20.1 00 201
2
2 40.0. 00 40.0
/
3
2
2 67 67 13.4
0
0.0 0.0
0,0
000 00 00
00 00 00
3 20.0 00 20.0
15.4. 0.0 15.4
000 00 00
0
0 00 00as
8
6, 14 3.0. 2.3.. 53
0 00 00 00
e
2
2. 13.3, 0.0 133
5
192. 0.0 19.2
2.00.13.3. 13.3
28. 00 38
189. 7726671.128.91100.
3
2
5 160.0.40.0100
10
5 15 66/ 33.3 100. /20
26
16.9.23.1100
Number
1950
195/
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
18.2. 3.0
31.2
3 14.3 0.0 14.3
20
13|33
-12.07.8 19.8
6
9.1
9./ 18.2
4 4.8 14.319.1
10 27 10.2 40 162
3
10
21.2
9.1.303
5 19.0 4.8 23.8
17
16
2/32
1.6. 12.7223
0.0
0.0 0.0
0 00 00.00
4
0
0.0
3
2.4 1.8 4.2
0l 0.0
0 0.0
0.0 0.0
L
2 06 06 12
0.0
00.00
3
3
9.1
0.0.
9.1
2
0.0
0.0
0.0
/
0.6.0.1 1.2
0.0
0.0.0.0
0
9.5 0.0.95
0000.00
5.4 0.0
6
5.4
3.6 0.0
3.6
0
2
5
15.2
0.0 15.2
5238 0.0 23.8
0.36. 217. 00.21.7
0.0
6./L
6./
2 95 00 95
7
3.0
1.2 42
24
1 33 222273 100
17
36
5
4/2/810.19.0v00. 1115 5116669.330.7 100.
195

===== PAGE 205 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 1895, "method": "ocr", "page": 205, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
I0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aiscraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
- Clouds, Dust, etc.
f-Insulfic trfo.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
19- Other
Total
TABLE
AL39
EVALUATION
BY
SHAPE
DE
UNIT SIGHIINGS FOR
DE
OBJECT
ALL YEARS
1947
SHAPE
164
NOT
1948
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubttul Total
Certain [Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
35 38 73
5.6, 6 / 117
0.0 3.8
12.5
101 41 148.162 2.5 23.7.
138
30.8 3.8 34.6
3
3
20.8
8
631 40 103 101 6.4 15
L
4/4.2
8.3
12.5./6.7
3838 76
3
0.0 12.5
14 00 1.4
2.
12.5
2
2
102
2
139
35
3
0
10 0.0
02
2
2
8.3
0.0. 8.3
0.3 02 05
00 0.0
0.0
0.0
4.2 4.2
2
0.3
0. 0 0.3
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
00. 00
0102 163 00.163
4 154.00
15.-4
0
3.0.3, 02
0.5
1 3.8
0.0
3.8
0. 139/22.3 00 223
6 23/0.0
23.1
0
2
29.2
0.0
0.029.2
00.00
8.3
0.0. 83
1. 425.6.11.17
3. 11.5. 00 1/5
00 00 00
490-134624785 21.5100/24
2 26/92.31.7.100.1
18
624/75.025.0
YEARS
STATER
Number
1949
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.0 0.0
32
4
/
4
2
4
0
921
8.2
0.0
00
0.0
6 12.2
0.0
8.2
4.1
32.765.4
2.0 |10.2
0.0 00
0.0 0e
0000
00 12.2
0.0 0.0
0.0.8.2
0.0 4.1
32 1 49 65.31 34.1100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.l
G-Insuftic. Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
2
18.
.. O
e
6.
433. 33.66
22 30.067.367
13
1/•710.021.7
00
0. 02
0000.00
0000 00
10.01
00100
0.0
00 0.0
11 18.3
0.0.18.3
450.17.67
10.
14
5
100
611621.2
2
0
443
43
R.0.
4.
0.0
8.5
01
2./
0 14 29.8
5 10.6
471
13
60|783 21.7100.1381
74z|809
2.1
2.1
29 33 62 69 7.9.14.8
12.8. 34.0
48. 11 65 11.5
4. / 15.6
4.3
86
46.30 16 11.01.2 18.2
0.0 43
5.
512 00 12
0.000
0 2 05
0,0,05.
0.0 0.0
2
2 05 00 05
0.085
75
0 25 11.9. 0.0 112.
0l 21
1 00 02 02
0.0. 29.8.102
0102 244 00 244
0.0
10.6
22
6 28 5.3, 14 67
191:100. 33/1
871 418-79.2 20.8100.
196

===== PAGE 206 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 4301, "method": "ocr", "page": 206, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Io-Battoon
: 1-Astronomical
3-Light Phenom.
4. Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuftic into.
7-Psychological
& Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
,0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Oust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychalogical
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
, 5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
|8-Unknown
19-0ther
Total
Evaluation
i0-Balloon
¡1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G insuftic into.
7-Psychological
8-Unirnown
9-Other
Total
TABLE
A140
EVALUATION OF
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL
YEARS
BY
SHAPE
RE
_ OBJECT
ELLIPTICAL
ALL
YEARS
1947
Number
Number
1948
Number
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain (Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
113
83
126.10.9
8.0 18.9
5
11.2
0.0 11.9
8 14
4.5
22.2
115
206.11.1
88
119.9
9.5
12.7
2.1.
16.6
22
12.5
11.5
34.9
4
8
/
5
4.8 1.2
4.0
26/34
130
108
238 12.6. 10.5
23./
2
2.4
2.4
4.8
6
95
0.0
9.5
5
9.5
131.0 40.5
128.3
160/143
16
14
30
15
1.4
4
//
2.9
2
2
1.1
4.8
0.0
4.8
3
3
0.0
4.8
4.8
00 00
7
0.7
0.4
3
0.0
0.3
0.3
46
3
7.3
0.0
14
96
22
9.3
1.4
0.8
2.2
195
195
18.9
0.0
18.9
R
0
2
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
lele
16
0.0
0.000
0.0
0.000
6. 14.3,
0.0
14.3
9.5
0.0
2.5
30
36 29. 06
3.5
2
8
35
$ 4.8
4.8
9. 6
16
0.0
116
8 19.0
0.0
8
49.0
0.0
190
1/./
0.0 //.1
40
2
3.
3.2
1.6
4.8
2
14
12
3
0.0
0
2
24
0.0 2.4
0
0.0
00.00
14162
0.0. 16.7
2
2,4
0.0 |2.4
0
0
12
14.3 0.0. 14.3
3
3.6
0.0 3.6
116 317 1033/69.3/30.7 VOO.
1 42-833116:7100
39
24 63 61.9 381 100. 152/ 32 84/61.938.1100.
1950
1951
1952
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful
Number
Per Cent
Total Certain! Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
10
14.3.1.4 15.7
12
12.9. 4.3.17.2
3
3.
2
4 10.1 3.6.14.3 85
72 151-11.4 97 211
5107 21 128 81 45 126 10.960 16.9
10.11.4. 2.9.143
3 10.7 00 107 105 100 205 14.1 13.4 21.5.
0.0 00 00
100 26 36
14 10 24 19 1.3 3.2
00 00.00
L. 0.0. 36
3. la
0
13
2
19 e
2
L
00. 00
0.0
5
2 7 01 03 10
13 18.6. 00 18.6
e
4
000.00 00
0
3. 3 00 04 04
4 14.3
0.0 14.3
53
0 53 21 00 21
2
2.900. 2.2
10.0
3.6.36
5 12.09.0216
19
271 00 271.
9 32/1
0.0 321140
0 140 18.8 00 188
3
29. 14 43 0
0
000 00 00 15
4 19 20 05 25
63.7.70.90010.0100.22 62878621.4100. 505241 746 67.232.3100
TABLE
A 141
EVALVATION OF
OBVEET
SIGHTINGS.
ALL
YEARS
84
FOR
SHAPE
OF OBJECT,
ANO
AIRCRAFT
ALL
_ROCKET
YEARS
Huntel
1947
1948
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
19419
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful|
Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
3
2
20
2
10
33
42.7 0.9
3.5
0.
00 00 00
0 00 00
0.0
177 00
8 1.8
1.7
6
5.3
0 00 00 00
20
40
3
12.7. 17.7 35.4
0000000
1.8
09 2.7
P.0.00000
Q
20
0l00
0
e 0.0
P2 0.0
0.0
10
0.9
0.2
0 00
0.0
0.0
8.8
0.0
8.8
00.0
0.0
0.0
0
5
0
0
/
2
2 0.0 18.2 182
6
1 00 22 2.7
.45.5 9.1 54.6
2
3 15.4. 1.7 23.1
0
0.0. 0.00.0
00000.00
0
0
00 00 00
0 00 00 00
00 00 00
000 00a0
1 91 00.91
1 62 00 62 0
0 00 00 00
2
0
2 15.4 00 15.4
0 00 00.001
'17 00 77
0 33 29.2. 0.0.29.2
5
0
1000 0.0 \ 000
0 1 91.00. 91 5 0 538.5 00 38.5
1 53 09 62 0 0 0 00 00 00
0d 9/ 00910 0 0 00 00 00
83
30 11373526510015 O 5 10000.0100.
8. 3|// 72.727.31001/ 2/13/84.615.4100
1950
Number
Per Cent
Number
1951
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfut Total Certain Doubtful Total
/ 12.5. 0.0 12.5
0.0 6.3 6.3
117 00 17
2
2 0.0. 25.0 25.0
00. 00 00
9 3 33 00 5.0
0
0 00:00 00.
2 00 00 00
5
8
31.3 18.8 50.0.
00 00 00
2
2
15 23 13.3 25.0 38.3
0 00 00 00 0
0.
0
3 33 17 5.0
0 00 00 00
0 0 00 00.00
0 00.00000
00 00. 0.0
12.5. 0.0/2.5
2
2125. 00\12.5
0.
3
0. 0000.00
000000
6
é 4607 67
e 6 10.0 00 10.0
315 00 31.5
4.
0
$ 25.0. 0.0 250,15
-25.0.0.0 25.0
12.5, 00 /2.5
1 6.3 0.0 6.3
3
/$50.1.7l
2
18 5025.0100. 12|4/16.175025.0 V00. 41. 19.60 68.331.7 100.
197

===== PAGE 207 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 3825, "method": "ocr", "page": 207, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Bailoon
|1-Astronomical
12-Aircratt
13-Light Phenors.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic into.
1-Psychological
B-Unkrom
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Lighit Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. info.
7-Psychological
(8-Unknawn
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
,2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insutfic. Into.
-7-Psychological
8-Uinknown
9-Other
Total
0-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aiscraftr
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
19-Other
Total
TABLE AL42
EVALUATION.
SHAPE
OF OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL
YEARS
OF OBJECT,
ALL
YEARS
Per Cent
Number
1941
METEOR
OR COMET
194/8
1949
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtfil Total Certain |Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful] Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2
234 00
28
3.4
0 00 00 00
00.0.0 0.0
18
46 47.5 30.5 78.0
2
2
434 34 68
001.2 17
0.0
12 17
0.0
0000
00.11
00 00.00
18 00 68
4
0
0/0
0
2
8
40.040.0800
R0 00 00
20.0.60.0.80.0
00 00 00
olo
0
0000
00 00 00
00 0200
0
0
0.0 00 0.0
00 20.0 20.0
0.0 00 0.0
2200 00
0.0. 0.0 00
0.0. 00 00
00 0000
00 00 0.0
2 20.0. 00 20.0
0.000.00
000000
000. 00 00
00 00100
37. 22/59 /62.731.3100.
6
4.10 600.40.0100.
4. 5.20.0.80.0100.
1950
Number
Per Cent
Number
1951
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Totall Certain Doubttu Total Certain Doubtful Total
11000 00 100.0
0 0.00.00.0
24 00 24
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
250.0.50.0100.0
22
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
10
2
3.2 537 24.4.18.1
4. 4.9
4.9
2.4
9.8
0.0.
0.0
0.0
D.0
0.0
2.4
0.0
0.2
00
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q.Q.
00
0,0
0.0
0.D2
00000.0
0.0
0.O
00
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0000.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
e
0002D0
2
0
0
2.4
0.0
2.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.4
0.0
4.9
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0 00 00 00
00.00.0.0
0 / 10000.0100.
1 250.050.0100.
28. 13 41 683/31.7 100.
TABLE
AL43
EXALVATION
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL
YEARS
84
SHAPE
OF
OBJECT,
1947
LENTICULAR,
CONICAL OR TEARDROP
ALL
YEARS
114,8
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain! Doubtful| Total"| Certain Doubtful! Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
4949
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtfus Total
[ Certain | Doubtful | Total
24-
12
14
3 22
19.2
2.4 21.6
12|24
9.6
9.6 19.2
1
00000.00
0
1167 00 167
5
5
55.6
0.055.6
13
21
0.0 16.716.7
2
0
2
333 0.0 33.3
2
0.0 22.2 22.2
11.2, 10.421.6
00. 00.0.0
0.0. 0.0.00
2
0.0 22.2.22.2
0 0.0
0.0 00
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0
00 00 0.0
0.0
0.0
2 0.8
0.8 16
0.0
0.0 0,0
16-7
0.0.16.7
0.0
0.0. 0.0
10.0
2 00
16
0.0.
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0.0.0
00.
0.0. 0.0
13 10.4 00 10.4
0.0 0.0
0
0.0
4
22
3
33.3
0.033.3
0.0_
0.0
e
4. 3.2. 0.0,3.2
0 00 0000
000000 0 00 00 0000
22126 0.0126
1. 424.0.8.3.2
202
33.3. 0. 0 33.3
1 47001670 0000 00 00
1. 167. 0.0167
L
0 / 16700/7 0 0 00000 00
193/32 12574425.6100.1
5. 116/833,16.2100.
016100.00.000.549 55644.4100.
450
195/
Number
Number
Per Cent
Number
4952
Per Cent
rer cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
L
2 14.314.3286
2
2
2 333. 0.2 33.3
15
2 17 165 2.2 18.7
2 00 28.628.6
0.0
16. 7.16.7
/ 143 00 143
10.
646 11.0 66 176
0.0 00 00
13
1/ 24 14.3 12./264
0 00 0000
0.0
0.0
0 0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
0.
1143, 00.14.3
0.
2
00
0 00 00
0.0
/10011.11
0 00.
0.0 00
2 2 00. 2.2 2.2
2 333.0.0. 333
0 8 88 00.88
000. 00.00
00000.00
/143,00V4.3
0 4 44 00 4.4
1 16. 7 0.016.7
0000000
200.0000
0 17 181 0.l 187
11. 411.22
413/7/52.1429100.
5
116833167100. 68 23 91 74.725.3100.1
198

===== PAGE 208 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 4076, "method": "ocr", "page": 208, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Baltoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Uninownn
9Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
90ther
Total
Evaluation
,0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
A Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuftic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
sother
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8- Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE
BI44
EVALKATION
DE
OBJECT SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
SHAPE
_OBJECT
ELAME
ALL
YEARS
DE
4947
1948
1949
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain| Doubtful | Total
Certain
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
[Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
2
32
3
5
19L
2.847
Q
/ONO
0.2
100.0
0.000
0.0
00
49
30.2 /. 0 46.2
a 0.0
0,0
10
43.8.18.8.624
2.000
8
10
3.353.3 k6.7
24
22.6
3
115/75
0.0
0.9
10.0
10.9
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
6.3
3
13.367
20.0
0.0
0.000
0.0 0.0
10.0
2.0
0.9.0.9
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
100
3.
2
Q
0
Q
5
0,0
0.0: 0.0
0.0
0.2
0.0
000000
0.0
0.000
31
2.8
0.0.2.8
0.0
0.0
19
0.0
1.9
0.0
0
Q
0.00.0
13.3
0.0 13.3
10
24.00
9.4
а 0.0
5.7
47 10.4
00.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
00.0000
0.0
0.0,0.0
00
11.3
0.0
6.3
0.0
0.0:0.0
0.0
4 0.025.025.0
0.0
0.000
72 34 106/67.932/100
1. 100.000.100
8
4
8
16|50.450.0100
9
15/40.060.0.100.
1950
195L
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtrul| Total
000. 0000
000. 00 00
4
2
5 50012.5615
2.25.0 25.0,50.0
18
3
4 16 48 64
4 22 290 6 5 355
2 250. 00. 250
0 00. 00.00
200. 00.00
Q
0.
1. 25.0. 0.0 25.0
LL.
6. 17 17.7 47 27.4
0 00 00 00
0/16 00 16
0 00. 0.0.00
11001616
0 00 00 00
0 00 02 0.0
0 0 000000
0. 00. 00.00
0 00 0000
01160016
0 00 0000
Q
0 00 00 00
0 2 32 00 32
1. 125 00 125
L 25.0 0.0.250
0 7 113, 00.11.3
0 0 00 0000
0 00 00 00
1 7 97 16 11.3
TABLE ALLE
1 8 815/2.5 100.3
/
EVALVATION
SHARE
475.025.0100. 47 15 62 75.824.2100.
PE
OBJEET
DE
SIGHTINGS
ERR
ALK
_LEARS
OBJECT
OTHER
SHAPES
ALL YEARS.
194,7
1948
194,7
Per Cent
Number
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
32. 14.46 13.0 57 182
0 000200
23. 19 42 93 27 17.0
2
3 20.0.40.060.0
2
2.13.3, 0.0 13.3
2 4L
$1. 8.2.
1 61 00 41
2
8 25.0 8.3 33.3
28 | 27 55 10.9 10.9.222
Q
0 0.0
3
2
0.0. 0.0
3 4. 7. 13.3 20.0
3
2
5.12.58.3 20.8.
5 12 08 20
0 00. 00
4,08
0.0
0
2 00 00 00
0000
0.8 66
000.a0.
L
0.0
2 a 7 67 13.4
0
000.000
112/04 04 08
• 00 00
19
0. 19 77 00 17
0,0
e 000000
Q.
0.0
0000
0 62400 24
0.
0
0
0 R0 00
0.0
0 00 00.00
54 0 54 219 00 21.9
2. 400. 00 40.0
6 14 32 24 56 0
3
2
3 20.0.00.20.0.
3
3 12.5 00 12.5
0 0 0000000
OL
0 00 0.00.0
0 2 133. 0.0 /33
5
5 20.8 0.0 208
00 ae 0000
{2 00133133 / 0/41 0041
116 21 24711.328.2100|32
5 .600.40.0100110
515 7 33.3.100.119 5.2479.220.8100.1
1958
1951
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful] Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain [Doubtful [Total
3
Q.
3
2
e
2
1 20.7, 34 24.1
3
6. 13.8. 6.9 20.7
3
3 14.3. 0.0.14.3 20
12. 32 13.1 7.8 20.9
6 10.3. 10.3 20.6
4 48 14. 319.1.11
9 20 72 59 131
5 19.0 4.8 23.8 16. 20 36 10.5 /3.1 23.6
0 00 00 00
00 00000.0
2 520 13 33
0 00.0.000
000.0.0.0.0
3.
5
e
З 10.3. 0.0 10.3
0 000000
Q
5 17.2. 0.0172
2 2 00 69 69
0
2
5
2
12 07 02,14
0 8 52 00 52
6 39 00 3.9
0 35 22.9 00 229
211 8 29 12.4.27.6 100.
117
0 0 000.000
2 95 00.9.5
8
0 0000 se
5 23.8 0.0 238 35
1 95 00.95
5
+ 2/1810.190 100. V06 47 15369.330.7 100.
1. 2.07.0214
2 733134.6
199

===== PAGE 209 =====
{"alpha_words": 121, "chars": 2191, "method": "ocr", "page": 209, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astsonamical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-UrknomT,
Total
TABLE A14E
EVALUATION DE
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS FOR
B4
SHARE
DE
NOT
1947
SHAPE
1948
Likk
SERRS
STATED
ALL YEARS
1949
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certaia Doubtful (Total
28.
52
6,0
5.4 11.4
2
9.1
1242104120
8./ 20.1
86
10.7
4
5.0
0.050
3
5
13.6
22.7
0
0.0
0.0
00
5 200 50 25.0
3
3
0.0 13.613.6
121
25
3331
36/ 69.4
55
31
60 167
8
1.6
2
5.0
5.0.10.0
0.0
11.6
e
00 00 00
N'u
0
0
3
13
13.6. 00136
5
11./ 2.8
113.9
2
9.1.00
2
0.4.
0.2
0.6
9.1
4.
0.0
00
0.0.00
0.0
4.5 45
0.0
0.0
2
0.400
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.00
0.0
0.0
0.0
48
2
116
32
0
48.
19.0.0.0.19.0
420.0
0.0 20.0
31.8
0.0
31.8
3.04. 02.06
5.0
0.0
11/22.5.0.0.22.5
5
25.0
5.0
0
00
0,0
4,5
0.0
4.5
4
2
00
5
3762 10 72
5
2
210.0
0.025.0
0.0
0
0.0 10.0
0 00 00
00
2
4
0
0
2
0.0
00
11. /
0.0 //./
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
0,0
0.0
5.6 0.0 56
408.108516.79120.9100.
18.
2
20.900/10.0 100.
Ille
6 22 12.7.21.3/100. 22.14
136/611 38.9 100.
0-Balioon
i1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
1950
1951
Number
Per Cent
Number
Number
1952
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful! Totai Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain, Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
2
9
0=00ON
10
3
3 43 .2.2 65
0
1100 23 23 25 24 49 12 69 141
3 12 19.6 65 26/10
5
12.15.2.10.9.26.1
2
6 16 22713.6 36.3 27 16 43 7.8 4.6.12.4
2 4 45 45 90 38 22 60 10.9 63 17.2
00080
0200000_
0 1 23 00 2.3
5 0 5 14 0014
000.0000 e
0 0 00 00 00
-2
1 0 206 00 06
00 0000e
0 0 00. 00 00
2 2 2 06.00 06
6 13.0, 00 13.0
4 al
4 91 00 91 73 a 73 210 00 21.0
000 00 00
10 / 23 00 23
0 1 1 00 03 03
10.217. 0.0.21.713
0 13 29.5.0.0 295.87
0 81 25.0.0.0 25.0
0
3 65 00 65 4 0 491001/21 5 26 60 14 14
37
9 46 /20.4.19.6.100. 135 9.44.79.5.20.5 100. 280. 68 348.80.519.5 100.
200

===== PAGE 210 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 4197, "method": "ocr", "page": 210, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknomm
gOther
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
(2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
, 6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
[8- Unknown
g0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
. 3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
finsuffic. Info.
1-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evatuation
10-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3 Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16 Insuftic Into.
2-Psychological
IB-Unknonm
FOthes
Total
TABLE
AL4I
EVALUATION DE ALL
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
REPORTER
SPEEDS OF OBJECTS,
STATIONARY
ALL
Number
YEARS
19.42
1948
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
19,49
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total
"Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
" Certain Doubtful | Total
89
41
29
4
4
26
79
13
51 140.214. 12.333.7
33
00 0.0 00
3
4. 23.1 7.7.30.8
4.0.0.0 0.04.0
74
9.9
1.9 12.8
2
0.0 /00.0/00.0
30.8 1.738.5
17
32.036.0.68.0
19. 48
7.0
4.6.11.6
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.000
L
4.0
4.0
8.0
3
1.0
0.7.1.7
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.00.0
0.0
0000
0
00. 0.0
0.00.0
°
0.0 00
6
10
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
26
6.2
1.42.4
0,0
0.0
0
00
0,0
0.0 00. 0.0
0.0
0.0. 6.2
0.0
0.0
2 18.4. 0.0 15.4
0.0
10.0
2
2
8.0
0.0
8.0
12 26 02.28
0.0
0.0 0.0
00. 00 | 00
4.0
0.0
4.0
0 74 190 00 19.0
0.0
00. 0.0
0.0 00.0.0
8.0
0.0
8,0
Z 20 3.1
1.74.8
0.0
0.0 0.0
2 7.1 7.7 15.4
0.0
0.0,0.0
296 1201416/712 28.8100.
2
2|0.01/00.0100.
10
3
13/76.9/23.1100.15
10 251600 40.0/00.
Number
1950
1951
19$2
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtil Total Certain Doubtful Total
36.4 0.0.36.4
5
227 0.0.22.7
00.20. 0.0
4
2
/
4 231 00.231
3
13. 50 /23.21.2 14.8.36.5
5 /1.8 11.629.4
22 18 40 65 S.3.11.8
0.0 00 00
0 59
59.11.8
27
17 44 80.5.013.0
0.0 0.0. 0.0
4
00. 00 00
0 20.00.00
3-
7 12 09 21
00 00 0.0
0.0
0.000
0 2º
00 0.0
9.1 00 9.1
1, 5.9
0.0. 5.9
4
6
_10 1.2 18 3.0
19
0 19 56 00. 5.6
13.6 0.0. 13.6
2
e
2
00 00 00
2
8 21. 03. 24
9.1. 00.91
5 294 0.0 29.4.20
• 70 208. 0.0208
200. 9.19.1
°
0 00 00. 00.12
4. 16 3.6. 1248
120 2 22 909 9.1100. /3 4 17 765 23.5 100. 238| 99 337|70.6 29.4 100.
TABLE AI48
EKALUATION
DE ALL
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
REPORTER
SPEEDS
DE
OBJECTS,
LESS
THAN ONE HUNDREO MILES
PER
ALL YEARS
1977
19,48
_HOUR
19,49
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
49 30
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total
79
193_11.8. 31.1
L
1500
0.0 N20
8
2. 10 226 6.9.34.4
4
54.e 16.020.0
23. 21
44. 91
8.3./14
0
2000 00
212 11.2 241413
1332.0 200 120
020,23
3
43 29 9.1.170
8
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
0.0
34. 3.4.6.8
2
2 00 80|8.0
3 0.0
12. 12
0.0 0.0
20 00 00
0.0 00. 0.0
7. 24. 04. 2.8
0.0 0.0
71
10 000.0
0
• 00 00 00
2.0. 08 2.8
0,0
0.2. 00
00 00 00
0 00 00 00
3./
0.0 31.
0
0.00.0
e
3.4. 0.0. 3.4
4.00.0.4.0
2 08 00 08
49
8
49 193 0.0.19.3
0 00 00 00
De 00 00
1 o
; 00 00 00
00 00 00
3.4 0.0|34.
4 / 23.11.6 41
3
3/2.0.0.012.0
/ 50000500 0 3 3 00 1031031
0 | 400040
17084254 669331100.
2
0
| 2 1000 00 100. 16 13 2955.244.8100. 14 1|25156.0 49.0100.
1950
19 v2
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Cerlain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
6
17.2.3.420.6
1 200.00.200
33 23 56.20.114.034.1
3.$. 0.0.3.4
6
0.0 200 20.0
8 17 SJ 4.9.10.4
20.7.0.0.20.7
L
120.0 0.0 20.0
12 20 32 73 12.2192
0/0
0.0 00 0.0
00 00 00
3 00 18. 18
0.0
0.0 0.0
00.00 0.0
0
6
7 37 06 4.3
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
00 0.0
2
7 30 12 4.2
3.4
0.0 / 3.4
00. 00 0.0
50
- 5 30 00, 3.0
0
14
0.0
0.00.0
00 Re 0.0
2
21.2 00 1z
14 48.3
0.0 463
2
2400 00 40.0
29 0
1. 29 17.1, 0.0.17.1
3.4
0.0 3.4
0 00 0.0
0.0
6 30. 06, 3.6
28
29.966 3.4.100.
4
5 800|200 100
10658164646354100.
201

===== PAGE 211 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 3495, "method": "ocr", "page": 211, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
Q-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8- Unknown
Total
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Binds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknarm
20ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust etc
E-Insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
8 Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Ligtt Phenom.
4-Birds
S Clouds, Dust, etc.
EInsuffic lato.
i7-Psychological
9-Othes
Total
TABLE AL$Q
EVALUATION
DE ALL
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
B4
REPORTER
SPEERS
DE
OBJECTS,
HUNPRED
ALL
YEARS
19,47
ONE
19,48 FOuR
HUNDRED MILES PER HOUR
1949
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful | Total
Certain Doubtful| Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful "Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
26
10.36
6
4.3.21.1 26.0
2
251 00 51
1619.35
4 13.0|43.12.3
72|35107
5 17.4 4.3217
4
26
0.05.0
ea
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.05O
2 43 43 8.6
00 43 43
00 00 80
2
2 8.7 0.0. 87.
8
00000na
00oaoaa
4 0.0 /0.3 19.3
12 /5.4 15.4 30.8
0 00 00 0.0
00 00 00
00 00|00
8 20.5 0o 20.5
00 00 0.0
0
13.33.3, 0.0 33.3
D e0 00 0.0
(2451 72317-773/227/100.19
12012101501001
141
9 23.60.939.1100.29
10 39 74.4 25.6100.
19,50
19,5Z
Number
Per Cent
hamber
Certain Doubtful
Total
PerCent
Certain | Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubth Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtil Total
6
17.6
2.9 305
3
4
2.9
8.8 1/2
0.0/43
7./ 14.2
4 16 64 21 85
10 21 59 53 112
17.6
0.0/7.6
27 78 273 14.4 41.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
3
11
0.5, 16
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
2
2
0.0
0.0 0,0
0.0
1
14.7
1.1
0.0147
00
0,0
0.0
10
10
53
0,0 N,3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4
5
0.5 2.6
10
10
2.9
29.4
29.
4
2.1
0.0 294
28.6. 0.0
28.647
47 251 00 25.1
0.0 2.9
29
1
2 / 0.0
7.1
2.7. 00.2.2
29
IABLE
34|813/14.7100.112
11481:2.143/00.1142. 4518278.924.1100.
AlSO
ALL
Number
EVALWATION
OF ALL SIGHTINGS EOR ALL YEARS
BY REPORTEO
SPEERS
YEARS
OF
OBVEETS
OVER
EOUR
1942
OR HUNDRED
Per Cent
Doubtfull
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
1.3
1 26 00 26
23.
1426.3.10.5 368
94 195 /3.5 12.5 26.0
3
1.36.8.41.2
19.1
0.5
1.4
0.3
0.0
0.0
1.2
2
10 09 04 13
00.26.260
° 29285 00 281/3
0 13 362. 00342
00. 00 00 00
- 11 220. 0.0220
3/ 36 05411
| 5 13.2|00 /2
15 00/5
0 /5 22.1 00 221
2 29 00 2.9
1538/212 750/717 28.3/00. 311
7/38/816.18.4.100. 31
19|50/62038.0100.341
34/68|50.0/50.0/100.
Number
1950
1951
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful|
Total
Certain | Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain (Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
4
4
71
0.0
7.!
2
2.5 2.5
10
16
24 40.
3.2 4.8. 80
2
3.6
16/.19.7
16.1
13
13
1./ 23.2
L
Z
14 32.J
2.5350
63
91 12.7, 5.6 16.3
12.o
4.0
11.0
29
128
|27 156.15.9.15.5 31.4
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
2.57
0.0 2.5
6.
1.0
0.2
0.0
0.0
2.0:
0.0
0.0
2
2.
0.4
0.0
1.2
0.4
0.00.0
0.0
2
0.0
P.0.
0.0
12.JT
e.0105
0.0
0.0
0,0
0
32T
0.3
0.e
0.2
0 35 10
0.0
7.0.
0.0
0.00.0
2
12
30.4
00 30.4
13
13
0.0
2.5
/
212
0.2
14
32.1
0.0
32.5145
0 14≤29.1, 0.0 29.1
4|3.6 3.6 7.2
3 7.2
00 15 14 1 15 28 02 30
15/56/32 268100. 35
54087.1/25.100.366 132 498 73.526.5 100.1
202

===== PAGE 212 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 4251, "method": "ocr", "page": 212, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-8alloon
(1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
A-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insulfic Into.
7-Psychalogical
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE
A 15L
EKALKATION
ALL SIGHTINGS
_FOR ALL YEARS
BY REPORTED
SPEEDS
OF
OBJECTS,
METEOR-LIKE
SPEEOS
ALL YEARS.
1942
1948
19,49
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubttul! Total Certain, Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
0.0. 2.0.20
0
0. 0.0
0.0100
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
0.000
52,34
9 / 38.3. 22.8 611
3.
1000
0.0
100.0
7,13
325 438.813
0
6
0.0
100.0/00.0
10
12
6.2
13
8.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
e.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
00
0
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.0, 0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.7
0.0
4.0
0.0
0.2
0.0
0.7
0.0
no o
0,0
0.0 9.0
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
00| 0,0
0.0
0.0 0.0
9
27
4
6.0
8.0
6.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0,0
0.000
0.0
0.2
0.2
0.0
27
4
0.0 0.0
0R0 00,00
00 0.0
18.10.0 /8.1
0.0
0.0
0 3 18.7 0.0 /8.7
27 00 2.2
• 0.0
0.0.00
0 0 00 00 00
V08 41 149125129.5100.
0 | 3/000 00 100.
9
7. 16,56.243.8.100.
0
6
10 00 0.0
e
00 0000
600./00.0 100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
,1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuftic. Info.
Z-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
1950
Nondes
Per Cent
Number
1951
19.52
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
]Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubttul
Total Certain] Doubtful Total | Certain Doubtful Total
0. 0D
20,00
3
0.0
3.1 3.1
9
1.0.
000.0
3
2
16
11.243.8 /00.0
3
6.30.0.30.060.0
36
1 41.56.7. 11.2.419
0
9.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
10
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
2.
10.2. 2.0.12.2
0
12
0.0
0.0
0.0
00 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1010
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0 00 10
0.0
0.0
0.0
1 100
0,010.0
° ≤ 120082
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1 1 00
1.0 he
0.0
0.0
0.0
2 200 00 200
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
/ 10.00.0100
22
0 22 224. 0.0 224
3
0 3 31 00.31
16/56.2.43.8.100.
3 1010030.0100.80
18 98 8/6/18.4100
TABLE
A152
EKALKATION
DE ALL
5/GHIINGS
FOR
ALL
REPORTED
SPEERS
OBJECTS,
SPEED
ALL YEARS
19,42
NOT
STATED
19,48
19,49
dunder
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Goubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
82. 55/37 6.2 4.210,4
2
2. 38,00
3.8
19
7. 10 419.513.6
12
12
d.2 0.0
2.2
241 160 401 /8.312.2,30-5
2
21 36.5. 3.8 40.3
//
16 27 149.21.6.36.11.55
83 138. 23.7 35.8.595
122 115 231.93 8.7180
/
1.9. ee.
1.9
8
1 9 108 14 12.2 18
10 28 7.8
4.3./2./
1712. 2913, 0.9 2.2
/
1.9
0.0
1.9
2, 2.00. 2.222
0 20 00 00
8 5 13 06 0.4,10
0.0 0.0
3
4. 01. 0.2 0.3
0.0
1
1 2 14 14 28
2.
0.
2 0.9
0.0.09
00 0.0
0.0
000. 00.0.0
0
00,00 00
115 0 /71 /3.3: 00/33
11 211 00 21.1
12
9
0
9 /22 00 12.220
0 20. 86
0.0
8.6
3 15 09. 02 11 2
0. 2 38 00. 38
!. 14 00 14 1 0
104 00.04
232 0 232.17.6. 0.0 /7.6. 4
4 71 00 17
9
0 9/22 00 /2223 0 23 99 0e 99
53. 19 12 40 14 84 10 0 10.19.2 00 192 2,
3 5 2741688
0 8 3.4. 00. 34
Total
1943|372/315711 28.3/00|50 2 529623.8100 44 30 7459540.5/00.139 93 23259.9'40.1100.
Eyaluation
O-Balloon
¡1- Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic Into.
1-Psycholopical
(8-Unkrown
9-Othes
19,50
1922
1952
Per Cent
Number
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful l
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
10
1567
3.4
10.1
< 2.7.41
68
31
37
20.8
53 40 93 72 14 12.6
6
4.0248
6
8
18
29
12.1
14 81 10.8 189
119. 45 164 16.2. 61, 22.3
1.4 19.5
6
4
10 81. 5.4135
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
21411
28
71.89.160. 92.12.1 218
0.0
2 24 20 12.3.2
0.0
0.0
10.014
114
3 | 8 02. 04 11
0.0
34
34
0.0
0.0
0 00 00
0.0
4 01. 04 e
228
0.0 22.8
0.0
10.0
28
28 189
0.0
18.2
12
26
12 167. 00 16.2.89
0 89/2/00121
11.40.0
1.4
13
-10 10 04 14
26 35.1 00 351142 0
142. 19.3. 0.0.193
4
2. 62713
4.0
3 41 0.0 41 26 14 40 35 1.9 5.4
Total
125.241149/83.916.1100
59177477023.0.100.528.206734719 28.1100.
203

===== PAGE 213 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 4054, "method": "ocr", "page": 213, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
i l-Astronomicat
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychalogical
8-Unknom
9-Othes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balioon
1-Astronomical
, 2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
A Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
2-Psychological
8-Linknown
4-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
13-Light Phenom
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic into.
1-Psychological
& Unknown
9-Other
Evaluation
0-Balloon
¡ 1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etr.
E Insuffic tato.
7-Psyctological
8-Uoromm
90ther
Total
TABLE
A153
EVALUATION
UNIT SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
BY REPORTER
SPEERS
DE
OBJECTS,
STATIONARY
ALL
YEARS
Per Cent
Number
19,47
Per Cent
Number
1948
Per Cent
Number
1949
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubttal Total Certain Doubtful | Total
' 4r
111620.6/3./337
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
362460101170125
2
20.
100.0/000
4
L
33.3 8.3 41.6
5
25
2
2
3 16.7, 8.3 250
116 00 5.6
17. 42
73 4.9 /2.2
0,0 0.0
4
0
2.0
00
0.0
0,0
1
10228228556
25.656112
3
11.21
0.921
0,0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0
0.
0.0
0.e
00 00 0.0
0. 0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
9.0
0.e
0.0.
5
0.0
0.3
1.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
26
62
10
1.5
7.6
00
0.0
0.0
26 26
0.0
1o-7
2
2
0,0
10 2.6.
0.3.
62 18.0
2.9
00
16.2
1.1
2.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00 18.2
0.0
5,6
//.!
0.0
5.6
10,0
0.0
0.0
2///
0.0
6 16 29 11 46
01
0.0
200.0
2
8.3, 8.3
11.1
166
0.0
0.0 0-0
244.100.34470.9.29.1.100.
2 200\00.0 100.
9
312/25.0.25.0100.12.
6 18 66.733.3 100.
Number
19,50
Per Cent
Number
1951
Per Cent
19,52
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
6
6 313, 00 35.3
~ 294. 00.284
0.0
3
2
3.250 00 250 59 44 10320.9 1.5364
3 16.7 83 250
20,15
000. 00
00. 0.0
0,0
0.0 0.0 00
L
0
0
357113127
21.3, 8.3 /6.623
15. 38 81 5.3 13.4
0 00 0.0
_ 2.0
3.
2 14 11 2.5
0 20.00
0.0
00
00, 00.
0
0.0, 0.0
0.0
L
4
0 00 00 00
5 0.4.14
2
2118. 118.00.1.8
18.3. 0.0
59. 00 5.9
8.3
19
/
000.00
0.0
19 c.) 00
1.8
6.7
25 04 22
2 118. 00.11.8
!
100J.9 S9
3
3 25.000250V5
055194. 00/99
0000.0009
1 4 13 32 14 46
16
/
119415.9 100,101
2 12 833/16.7 100.197 86 283|69.6|30.4 100.
TABLE..
A154
ENALUATION
UNIT
SIGHTINGS
FOR
SPEEDS
OF OBJECTS,
LESS
THAN
ONE
ALL YEARS
_BY REPORTER
ALL YEARS
19,47
Number
Number
1948
HUNDRED MILES
PER HOUR
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubttul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain! Doubtful Tolal Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfal Total
47.22. 7422.9.13.2361
1-50.0
0.0 50.0
9.42.11.3474
2
35.6
11.11L.7
// 31 9.8. 1.4 15-2
0.0
0.0
00
521113264
8.33.3
11. 84.4
16.211
39 88 10.219.0
0
0.00.0
0.0
L
< 431310.6
0.0
3
0a.a
11.1
3.
00%5
L
1.S 0.5
15
0.0
0.0
2.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0-0
2.0
00.
0,0
0.0
0.0
0. 0.0
0.0
205.05
1.0
0,0
0,0
0,0
0 0.0
0.0
00
0
0
0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
4.0
616
2
33
8
62.9
0.0
21000
2.9
11.01
0 00 00 00
0 00 00
5.6
0 00 00 0.0
0 33/61 00 1/
3
1/3.2%s.y
00
0.0
0.0 0.0
15.3, 00
_5.3
3
3/6.7 00 16.7
2 2 00 10.5 /051
1 56 00 56
1/38 67 205673 32.1 100.
2
2 Vana 0.0 V00.
14
5 19.73.2.26.31/00.121
6 18 66.733.3 100.
19,50
1951
Number
Humber
1952
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful) Total Certain Doubtful Total Certaia Doubtful Total
4
5 21.1 5.3 R6.4
/ 25.0. 0.0 250
11.300
15.3
32/23.55 23.5522.4/6.138.5
00 2502e
2 16 63 4.911.2
526300263
25.000
25.0
0.0 0.0
0,0
2.00.0
6.0
0010.0
0.0
00 0.0
0 M
18.29 7.712.6203
0.0 21 21
421 07 3.8
00
0.000
0
0.0
6.000
J.3
2010711
°
0.0
0.000
428 00 28
6
1.0.5.5
0.0
00. 0.0
6
18
31.60.031.6
0.0
0.000
2
219 00 1.4
250
0.0 250
22
• Z3/14 00 /8.4
13. 00.53
2.0 00 00
≤35. 0.7 4.2
1 19 997 53 140.
3
4.75.0.25.0//00. 89.54143/622318/00,
204

===== PAGE 214 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 4265, "method": "ocr", "page": 214, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1• Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16- Insulfic Into.
17-Psychological
8-Unknomn
S-Other
Total
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insulfic. Info.
7-Psychological
(8-Unknown
9-0 ther
Total
Evaluation
¡O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
[7-Psychological
& Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insultic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknom
9-Other
Total
TABLE A 155
EVALUATION.
OF
UNIT
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL
YEARS BY
REPORTER
SPEEDS
DE
OBJECTS, ONE HUNPRER
TO EDUR HUNDRER MILES PER HOUR
ALL
LEARS
1947
1948
19,49
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
stonel
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain " Doubtful Total Certain Doubiful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Totai
8
16
29
8.0
3.0
3
0
3188
0.0
188
4
5
5.0 20.0250
17
6.1
6.412.5
0
0,0
0.0
4
18.0.5.0 20.0
64
33
4
27
91
24.210.224.4
0.0
20.05.0 25,0
0.4
1.9
46,2
163
6.3
2
4
38.7. 00.87
2
2.00 8.2. 8.7
2
6174 8.2.26.1
0,0
6.7
0010
e20 00 00
0.4
0.0
11,0
20 00 20
3
0.0
0.4
2.02.
0.0
2.0
2.0
0.0
0.8
0.8
0
0
25
62
25°
9.5
0.0
0.0
10
8.0
0.0
0,0
00000
0.0
0.0
9.5
6.2
0.0
6-2
10.0
10.0
8
8 348 0.0 348
8, 2.3
0.8
3.1
262.63
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0| 0.0
62.23.11
0.0
235
3.1
743.8
0.0
43.8
0.0
10.0
0.0
10,0
$ 21.70.0
217
8 22 0.4
6200
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
205159 26471.722.3100.
16 93.8 62 100.
13
21
20/65.035.0000.
19
4 23/82.619.4/00.
1950
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
1952
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
240 4.08.0
3.
2
2/54.00.154.12
3 1511.2 18
9.0
3 40 12.0160
27.2. 7.715.1
10. 2166 60126
624.0. 0034.0
5.30.8.7.7.38.5
1415 73 68269 13.8 40.2
0.0
0.010.0
0
0 00 00
0.0
2
31.2
0.6
00 0.0
0.0
Q00.
0,0
0.0
• 0 00 0.0
1.8
0.0
0.
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
a.0
2 20.0
1.2
1.3
20.0
0.0
20.0
0.0
0.0
9 5.4 0.0
4.0
59
0.0
4.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
6
<24.0
0.0
24.0
3.
4
524 06
3.0
3 23.1
0. 0 23/ 32
_0 39234.00
234
100
4040
L72 00
775 o
$13.0, 00
30
120.5 251800 200100
TABLE A156
EVALUATION
SPEEDS
ALL YEARS
2 13 84.6/5.4 /00.122 40 169760 29.0 29.01oa
OF
UNIT SIGHTINGS
EDR ALL
YEARS
BY
REPORTER
OBJECTS,
OVER
FOUR HUNDRED
MILES
PER
HOUR
1947
Per Cent
Number
19,48
1949
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtiui Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
_Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
10
20
10
3.3
3. 3.
1.2.9
2.9
3.29.29 58
0
1.9
84
61
5.138
10.023.8
6
4
R.0
10.0
1.9
10 17.6.11.8
29.4
6
3
10.118.17.6294
4,88
21
23.
3.8 40.4.44.2
82
81
168 14.3.13.322.6
1.1
0.5
1.6
2
3.00 5.9
2
3
10:
00
S.7
11.5
9.6 2/1
0.0
2
3
2
0,5
0.3
0.81
0.0
0.0
0.0
L
3,2.9
2.9 /17
0,0
0,0
5
0.0
22.9
5.9 8.8
1.29
5.8
0.0
1.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
19
0.0
48
0.0
7
1.9 0.0
2
48
7.9
3
10
1.1,0.5
79
2
5.9
1 00 29 29
153
153251
0.0 25.113
26
0 /3 38.2. 0.038.2
4
2
91i8 0.
11.8
5.
9.6
0.0
a 00 00 0.0
/ 1.9 00.19
• 720.6, 0.0 20.6
2 17.3,0.0.17.3
4
13043 07 50
_ 5147 0.014.7
1 2 29 29 58
/ 19|00\ 12
(4351174609714/28.6100.122
7|34|794/20.6.100.122 12 34 |647 353 /00. 24 28|52 28|5246.2|13.8 100.
950
19,52
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtlu] Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain
Number
19,53
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
TOoubthul| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
0.
3,7.9
0.0
29
0
13.4
0.0
3.7
14
18 32 33,4.3, 26
6
63
10.515.8
10
10 34.5
8,0
345
60
26 86/4.2 6. 120.3
1/
18.410.518.9
4
6/3.8
6.9 20.7
67.62 /3418.9.15.9.318
0.0 0e
6.0
3,4
3.4
80 12 02 1.4
0
000.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
• Z0N00
0
3
0.0
0.0
2
05
0
Q
3
0.0
0.01
4.0
0.0
0.0
0 00. 00,0.0
7.9
0.0
7.9
0.0
0.0
3.4
0.0| 34
6
0 34 81 00. 8.1
0,0
0.0
0.0
/
0.0
3.4
1 2.14. 0216
//
289
D.0 28.9
7.241 00
2
2.
010621.10925.
5.3/0.3 10,6
3.10.3, 0.0
24.1/06
10.3
L
15 3.3. 0.2 3.5
28L
1038|73.2263 100.
26
3
29 89.210.3 100,308
114 422/73.022.0 pod.
205

===== PAGE 215 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 4316, "method": "ocr", "page": 215, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
- Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychalogical
8-Unknorm
9-Other
Total
TABLE AI5Z
EVALUATION
DE
UNIT
SIGHINGS FOR ALL
YEARS.
BY
REPORTER
SPEEDS
OF
OBJECTS
METEOR-LIKE
SPEEDS
ALL YEARS
1947
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
19,48
1949
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain [Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful, Total Certain Doubthal Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtfull Total Certain Doubtful Total
28 32.
00. 1.616
00 00 00
• 0.01
79. 39.3 25.444.2
4
100.0. 00 /00.0
6
6
2429 429868
0 00 00 00
600 100.0100.0
8 49. 46 6.5
00. 00 00
0 00 00 00
0 00 0000
e
00 00 00
0.0
0.000
000 00 00
0 00 02 00
10008. 18
Q
0.0
0.0 0.0
0 20 00
0.0.
00.000
0.0
L
9
18
3
10.8
ee as
97.400,
00 00 0.0
1 00 00
0.0
0
0 0.0
0000
7.4
0.0
0.0. .0.0
10.0 0.8
000
0.0
2.0
0 00 00 00
O a0 ee 00
0.0
18.14.8
0.8
0 0.0
0.0
1 00 00 00
0.0.14.8
Q
e 00
0.0:00
2.
0
2. 14.3. 0.0 14.3
000 00 00
3 25 00 25
000 00 00
0 00 0.0
0.0
0000000
85 37 122/697 30.3.100.
1 1000 0.0 100.
8
6
[1451142.9000.1
6
6 00 1000100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
I4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16- Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Number
1950
Per Cent
Number
1951
19, 52
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain. Doubtfu] Total
CertainT
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
PerCent
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain! Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
00
0.0 00
2.0 00 00
12. 643.351 100.0
2
3
5 .22.2. 33.3,55.5.30
2
200.26.26
0
0.0 0.0
0.0
4/38.5/4./152.6
0.0 00 0.0
0.0
0.0
8 71 26103
0.0.
000. 00 00
00000.00
0.0
0.0
0.0
00.0
00 00
L
10013
Q
00
8.0
0.0
1.3
000 00 00
L 1.3
0.0 /3
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
00 00 00
0.0 0.0
0.0
/
2
L
/ 11.1. 0.0 /1
8 10.3 0.0 103
280. 00.00
1 00./3 13
2222 00 222.14
14 11.9.0.0 17.9
//l./.0.o ll1
226 00, 26
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
i4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
BUnknow
2-0ther
9 5 14164.335.7/00.
6
3
9 66.733.3100, 61 17 78/78.2 21.8/1001
TABLE
A 158.
ERALWATION
OF UNIT SIGHINGS
EDR
SPEEOS
DE
OBJECTS,
SPEED
NOT
ALL YEARS
STATER
BY REPORTED
ALL YEARS
19,42
1948
1949
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain| Doubtfil Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain! Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
69/49.118.
6.8
4.9,11.7
2
0
248 00
1,8
2
3
532 5.6. 9.3
7. 5,9
0.0
5.9
179.112.291 177. 111 128.8.12
2 14 28.6 4.8.32.4
7
_12 19 13.022.235.2.21
44 65/1.631.0,54.6
92
87/79. /79.9.1
8,611.2
0 1 24 00 24
8 13.0. 1.9 14.9
9. 59. 17 760
17
11. 2817
1./ 2.8
/
| 24 00. 28
1. 0.0 19 12
≤ 120.7
0.5. 1.2
01000.000
L
2 19 19 38 2
0.0
0.0 00
0
2170012
0 00
0.0 00
0 00 00 20
0.0
0.0
142
0 14714.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
14.6
9
9 214.0.0 21.4
0.
9.16.7. 0.0 162.12
0.0
17 143
0.0 143
12
2 14 12. 0.21.4 2
0 2 48 00 4.8
169
0 16216.7 0.0.167
4.
201.19 00 1.9.
0 1 08 00 08
38,14 | 52, 3.8 14 52
2
_04
95 00 964 o
4 14 00 14 17 0 14 18 00 18
9 24 00 211 2 3 5 32, 569.3 4
0 4 34. 00. 31
Total
1730 2801010723 271.100.140 2.4219524.8100.33. 2115461138.9100.173 46 119|613|38.1 100.
-Evaluation
Q-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8- Unknown
9-Other
Total
1950
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Number
Certain | Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain [Doubtful | Total
8
3.
1!.
18.3. 3.1
24
12
2
30250.6.3 31.1
2
3 ≤ 2.9,43|
1.248 40 88 26. 6.414.9
8 14 8.6 /11.4 20.0/09 40 149 173 6.4 23.7
1912~73 19,9
4 1086 81 183 V9 13 132 94 116 210
02. 00 0.0
1 2 14. 14.2815
0.0_
0.0
0.0
9 24 2.4 14 3.8
1 / 00.14 1443
2 0.6 0.511
0.0
0.0 0.0
0 0 00 00 00 0
0 0 00 00,00
/5
17 0
3
15/v.6 0.0.15.6
12
0 12/7/00 11185 o 85 /35 00 135
00 00.00
0 1 1.4,0.01.41
7 2
91.1.03.14
17 1270.0 12.722
0 22 314 00 314108. 0 /08/7.20.0 173
4 3110 41 3
0 3 43 00 13 12 10 21 27 1.6,4.3
19..11.196/82.3/121.100.5317/70/75.7124.3/100. 5317/70/75.7124.3/100. 452|1771629171.928.1100.
206

===== PAGE 216 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 4094, "method": "ocr", "page": 216, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
2-Aircraft
13- Light Phenom,
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuttic Into.
7-Psychological
B- Unknow
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
U- Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
f-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
[B Unknown
9-0thes
Total
Evaluation
(0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15- Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuttic Into.
, 7-Psychological
8-Unkrow
9-0ther
Total
TABLE A 15R
EVALUATION
OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
REPORTED
SPEERS
OBJECTS,
ALL YEARS
1947
STATIONARY
Per Cent
Number
1948
19,49
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain| Doubtful| Total
Certain [Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain [Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
631
39
102
33
20.9
12.9338
00
0.2
00
3
20.0100.30.0
!
6.20.062
53
>31
35
109
6612.5
2
2
20/00.0
100.0
3
300. 01 30.0
3
8312.18.850.0
4
1.6
4.0
1/.f
000.0
0.0
0.0. 00. 00
2. 6:2 62 12.4
1.3
0,7
2.0
0
0,0
0,0
0,0
40
00 0.0
0,01
00 00
00
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
es ea
0.0
00 0.0
1.3
0.0
00
00. 00
0.0
00 0.0
24
4
0.3
16.
0
0.0
24
2.9
0.0
16
0.3
7.9
0.0
0.0 в.0
2
20.0
10.200
8
9
2.9
0.0
0.0
0.R
D.0
00. 00
53
12.5
0.0
125
0
0 60
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0 0.0
2
2
2
125
1:0 125
16a2
0.0 62
5.0
0 0.0
2 100. 100200
212.5
0.0V2.5
15
3.3
1.7
0,01
0.0
0 0.0.
0.00.0
219|83
302/725121.5100.
2
2 0.0 1000 /00
2 1080.0 200100.12
4/16/75.0 25.0 sel
1950
Number
Per Cent
Number
19,51
1952
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain! Doubtful| Total Certain! Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain ! Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful, Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
5
312
0.0 31.2
3
0
3 323
0. 0 21.3
5
312. 00.342
2
L
3 18.2
9. / 27.3
52
38 90 21.1.15.4.365
18
14 32 73. 5.2.13.0
0
0.0.
20 00
9.1
0.0
9.1
21
11 32 85 4.5 /3.0
0
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4
2 6 16. 08 2.4
0.01
0.0,0.0
0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0 | 0.0
0.0 0.0
00, 0.0
0.0
0.0
4 5.04
1.6, 2.0
2
212.5
2012.5
9.1
0.0
9.1
17,69
0.0
6.2
0.0
6.9
0.0 6.2
0.0
0.0
/
7 24 04 28
2
2
1/25
0.0/2.5
3
1223
0.0
27.3
76
0 46 186 00 18.6
20. 67. 6.2
00
0.0
0.0
3
1215.
15
16 93.8 62 100.10
1 1 90.9
9l Noo. 17413-2477041296les,
TABLE
ALGO
EVALUATION
OF
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL YEARS
BY
REPORTED
SPECOS
OBJECTS, LESS
THAN ONE HUNDRED
MILES
PEC
HOUR
ALL YEARS
1947
9 4 8
1949
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful) Total Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful
Total
Certain
Doubiful Total
Certain
Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain, Doubtful Total
43, 25 68 23.9.13.9 13.937.8
0
500
0.0
/
7 375
6.2 43.7
2
3
16
4
18.8
6
7.1
14.3214
10
26.89.
17.d
0.0
6.2250
13
00
0.0
30.2
19
32
12 10.6/2.8
20.
2.0
1.0
./
2
6.2
3
0,0
12
1.2
6.2.127
1.1
42.8
2
0.0
14.3 143
1
1.7
0.6
2
0.6
0.6
2.3
3.3
0.0
33.
Q
0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
$0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0. 00
0.0
0.0
20.
0.0
0.0
0.0
00. 00
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0.
0.0 0.0
0.0
20
2
1.1
0.0
0.0
00.00
0
100
261
0.0
00
_00.001
7./
21.
00 00
0.0
26.144
144
as e0
1 63 00 6.2
1.1
00
1/
1.1
6./
0050.0
2
7.1
8
13
4.4
1 50.0
2.00.12.5125
11.100
1/18. 65.634.41ol.
2
2. 1000 00 100.
1115 1668.73/1100.
95
14 64335.1100.1
1950
Number
1951
Number
1952
rer cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total'
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
4
5
23.J 5.9 29.4
25.0
0.2. 25.0
19
0.0 | 5.9
00/25.0 26.0
3
3
12.6
00176
25.0
0.0 25,0
0.0
0.01
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.9
00
0,0
B.D
6
1.0
0,0
00
0.0
0.0
00
35.3
0.0
135,3
25:0
0025.0
30
2
8
3
4
12
2/
51 23.6 /6.5401
2
14
16
24
S.5 HO
63 126 18.9
3
3.
4
0.0
24 24
1
2.4
0.8. 3.2
L
2
0.8
4
0.฿
1•6
3./
0.0
3.1
2%6
0,0
6
16
1.6
17 /3.4. 0013.4
5.9
0.0
5.9
0.0
0.0
6 39 08 42
117
94/5.9 100.
3
+780125-0100 77 50 12760639.4 100
207

===== PAGE 217 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 4243, "method": "ocr", "page": 217, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
IT-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuttic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
19-Other
Total
o-Balloon
1-Astrononicat
2-Aircratt
3- Light Pienom
4Birds
5-Clouds, Oust, etc.
6- Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
(1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
i4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
18-Unknown
20ther
Total
Evaluation
0- Balloon
i1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
17-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
Is Clouds, Dust, etc.
16- Insuffic Into.
7-Psychalogical
B-Unknown
17-Other
TABLE
• A16!
EVALUATION DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS FOR
ILL YEARS BY REPORTER
SPEEOS
OF
OBJECTS, ONE HUNORED
TO FOUR HONORED MILES PER HOUR
ALL YEARS
Number
Humber
1947
1948
Number
19.49
Per Cest
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain! Doubtful Total
Certain / Doubtful i Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total
Humber
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtil (Total
20
8
28
8.4
3.3|1.7
3.
20.0
0.0
200
4
5.0
200,250
12
13
5.0
2
0.0 10.5
0.0
0.0
4
15.0
5.0 20.0
58
26
25
5.410.4
84243
10.935.21
0.0
5025.0
3
4
1.3
0.4
1.2
6.7
6.7
200
6.7
0.0
6.7
5.00.0
50
2
2
0
2
6.0
105 105
6
2/1
10.5 716
0.0
0.0
0.4
0.0 1.l
0,0
.0.0
0.0
0.0
5.01
00
0.0 01
22
2
2
2
00
0.7
08
5,0
22
00
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
8
9.2
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0
0.0/0.0
0.0 263
2.5
9.2
0.0
67
0.8
3.3
67
2
|10.0
5
26.3
6-7
13.4
20
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
58 243|
0.0 2%.3
2
6
6.7
0,0
10.0
00 10.0
1 29 00 29
40.0
0.0
400
L
67. 0.0
6.7
2
21.!
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
186531238 778222100.114
/
15/93.3. 6.2/100
13
720/65.1/35.0100.115
4
• 19 78.9 21.1
100.
1950
Number
Per Cent
1951
1952
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
(Doubtful
Total
Certain
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Mura bel
Per Cen!
[Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
[Doubttel Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
L
2
45
4.5|90
2
2.162
00/82 11 3
14
12.209.2
45. 91 13.6
2
9.1.9.1 182
2
714
4.6.4.6 4.692
5
5
22.2. 0.023.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.
4 223. 91.364 41/ 22. 63/270. 14.5413
Q
0000
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
2
0.1 0.2
1.4
0
0.0
0. 0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0, 00
0.0
20 0.0
0.0
2
0.0
0.0
0
5
1.3
227. 0.0227
5.9
1.3
59
4 5 00
4.5
0.00.0
0.0
9
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
5
2.6 0.1
2
2
3.3
6
213. 0.0.22.3
18.2 0.0.18:2
•0
0
L. 9100 91
38
25.0. 0.0 250
00 00 0.0
≤ 3.3 00
3.3
19.3./22/86.4 13.6/100
21818.18.2 100. 116. 361/52763 23.1 100
TABLE A162
EVALUATION
OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
REPORTER
ALL YEARS
SPEEDS
OBJECTS,.
OVER
FOUR HUNDRED
MILES PER HOUR
1947
Number
1945
Number
1949
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain) Doubtful Total Certain Doubtrul Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
18
18
136
3.3
3.3
- 6.6
L
3.2
0.0
3.3
2
3.0.3.0
60
0
0
00 00 20
63
49 112115
8.920.4
4
9
16.1.12.929.0
3
9
9.1 18.2 27.3
18
4.1 32.2 41.9
2/1/52 15.0 13.228.2
2
3
9.1 3.0 B.1
11. 14.0.11.6015.6
3
10 1.3
051.8
2
6.5
6.5.
0.0
0.0
1.0
2
3
3.0
6.1
9.1
00 0.0
0.02
5
05
0.40.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
3.0 3.0
0.000
60
0.0
2.3
00
2,3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0 0.0
00
46
°
46
8.4
00 8.4
2
4
12./ 9.0 12/
70. 00
7.0
3 10 13 05 18 01
2.
0,0
6-5
4
3
3
0.0 3.2 3.2
1457
0 145 26.5 00 26.513
23
4 22 42 02 49 3.0
° 13 99 00 413
0.0
0.0. 0.0
1
23. 00 | 23
2
1 212. 0.0 213.
8
18-6. 0.0 18.6
92.00 9.1
2 30 3.0601
23 00 23
394 154 5487/9/28.1100 24 1 31 774 226/100. 21 12 33 636364v00 21 22 43|48.8 51.2 Vo0.
1952
1951
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain |Öoubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
AO
3
8.6.
00-8.6
42
0.0
42
121729
3.1
4.5
2.6
29.11.414.3
29.2
ee 29.2
19
64
- 11.8.
50 16.8
4
9
143.11.425.7
/
5162
4.220.964
62
126 16.8
16.233.0
00. 00 0.0
4.2
00
00
0.0
4.2
1.3
0.3| 16
00 00 00
0.0
2
6
2
0.5
0.0
0.5
00 00
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
//
2
2
3
4
86 00 18.6
0.0:0.0
0.0
- 0
0.0
0.0
34
8.9
00, 8.9
314
e0 31.9
5.2. 5.7 11,4
2
1
2
0.0
34
29:2
4.2
4.2
7
1.6
0.3
19
8.3
0.0 292.99
0.0 Z59
0.0
8.314
99. 25.9
15
3.2
0.3. 4.0
25
10135|714 286100|22 2|24.
I91283408281 1013821736126410.
208

===== PAGE 218 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 3936, "method": "ocr", "page": 218, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
!l-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
&- Unknown
4-Other
Total
TABLE ALES
EVALUATION
_ SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL YEARS BY REPORTED
SPEEOS
OBJECTS,
METEOR- LIKE
SPEEDS
ALL YEARS
Per Cent
1947
1948
1949
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful T Tota
2
2
00. 2020
0,0
35 24
59 35.4.34.2596
6
0.0
00
0000 00
46.238.5. 84.1
6
2
2:00 100.01000
8
6! 20.81
0.
00 00 00
20
10 %0
1.0.
00 10
N
8
Q
8.1 0.08.1
201010
16. 16.2. 0042
3
330 00 30
o d
00 0/0
0.0 00
0.0
02 00,00
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0 00
0.0 0.0
Q
о.е.
0.0 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.000
0.0
0,0 00
0.0
0.000
0.0
00 00
2
154. 00 154.
0.0
00. 00
000 00 00
0.0
0.0 0.0
169-30-991697 303100
8 5 1/316/538.5100
2
2|0.0 /00.0/100.J
Evaluation
0-Balloon
2-Aircraft
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
Z-Psychological
B-Unknown
90ther
1950
Number
Certain
Doubtful f
Total
195/
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
1952
Per Cent
NuntDet
Doubtfull
Total Certain
Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful!
Total
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total
00
0.0
0,0
0,0
4.0
2
0,0
3.0
3.0
000
3.
4
12.51315
500
23
10 | 33
34.3
14949.2
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
6
2
9.0
3.0120
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.5
15
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
12.5
9.0
1.5
0.0
12,5
10400
10.4
0.0
0.0
000
0.0
0.0
0.0
15 15
0.0
00
0.0
2 25.0
0.0
25.0.
• 12/79, 00/79
0,0
0.0
0.0
/ 12500125
2 30 00.30
5
4
155644.4 100.
5
3
8 625132.5 100.
5/1 16 62 76123.9100.
TABLE
A 164
ENALVATION
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS FOR ALL
YEARS BY REPORTER
SPEEDS
DE
OBJECTS,
SPEEO
NOT
STATED
ALL YEARS
1942
Number
1948
1949
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cont
Per Cent
Certain Doustful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
63
40
103
1.6
48
127.
0
2
6.9
006.9
17.2
2
3
5
3.9. v.9
198
7
16 00
115
7.6
89 304 13.8 10.7.74.5
3
5 10.3 6.9
2
10 17 13.219.6 33.3
17
3/
48. 18.5 33.2 52.2
83
25 158 10.0
9.0.190
3.4
0,0
3.4
1
8 .13.2.2.0.157
2
2
9
7.6. 2.2
16
9,8
9 25 19.
1./13.0
3.4 0.0
6
ґ
3.4
1 00 2.020
11
07. 0.6
13.
0.01
0.0
10.0
2
20, 2.0
4.0
0.000
0.0
2
2
12.2
10.0 22
1.02000
0.0.
0,0
е 00 0.0 00
00. 0.0
134
0,0
Q
0.0
0 134 // 0.0/6)
0.0
31.0
12
136
2.
310
14 14.02 1.6
0 136. /1400/4
2
3
9.
2 69 00 69.
3 /030.0 103
34. 12. 46.41 14 55
6 202 0.020.2
9
3
2
9.176.0.0.12614
14/5.2,001
0 / 20 00 20 1
.152
14100 1/
3 5.9.00 5.9
3 5 39 5.996.4
12600.26
4 43 00 43
Total
599 232 831 721 279100127
2 29 931 6.9.100.
| 32|
19 51 627373/100. 59 33 92 64/|35.9|100.|
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuftic Into.
7-Psycholozical
8-Urturomn
$Oto
Total
1950
Per Cent
Number
195%
19.52
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful |
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful, Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtiul |Total
8
2
9
10
114. 29 143
3
4
1.6
48
6.4
43 32 25 8.2 61 143
16
5.2/22.8
13
1.9
12.2
20.6
11
34 105.13.5 6.5 20.0
14
12.9
2.1 20e
6
10
9.55
63.
15.8
83
0,0
63 116 101 12.022.1
0,000
0,2
7 122 29 13 42
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
1.6
1.6.
1.6
15
3
0.0
3
6 06 06/2
0.0
0.0
О.0.
0.0
0 00 00 00
0
59.
13
14
3
10
18.4
0.0
·18.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.0
0.0 20.0
4.3
0.0
4.3
12
18
3
12
19.0
19.0
1.6
1.6
27
2
2
72.146 00 146
0.0
9.13. 04 17
18
28.6
0.028.6
91
9/ 173 00 /7.3
3
48.00
14.8
16
9 25 3.0 1.7 4.1
843
15.7 100.
46
17 63 730 27.0 100.1
37615052671.528.5100.
209

===== PAGE 219 =====
{"alpha_words": 191, "chars": 3291, "method": "ocr", "page": 219, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
12-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unkromn
9-Othes
Total
TABLE
A 165
EXALKATION DE ALL: SIGHTINGS
EDE ALL YEARS
LIGHT
BRIGHTNESS
SUNLIGHT ON MIRROR
SUNLIGHT ON ALUMINUM
SUNLIGHT ON PLASTER
SUNLIGHT ON STONE
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubttul Total
Certain T Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful! Tötal Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
5
7
2.4
5,9
8.3
31
23 54 127
9,4221
11
_ 19 12.2
19
14
33
17
10 22
9.0
8.2.21.
2
2
4
10,5
10.521.0
22.4.16.5 38.9
4.9
4.
9.
18 10.0
12
10,6
3.5|4.1
47
34.76
11,2
10.020.0
2
105
5,315.8
13.9.31.1
13
3
10.15.8 15.8
1.2
0,0
1,2
4
4
0.9
1,6
1.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
0.8
0
0.0
0.4
0.0,
0.0
2
0,4
10.6
17
0,8
01Z
0.0
0.8
0.0 10.6
7.0
2.4.
24. 4.8
2
2
4
7.0
0.8,
0.0
0.8
1.6
52
DONNA
19
6.7.14.421.1
2
0.D
1/1./
0.0.
2.2
0.0.
0.0,
5.3
00
5,3
1.1
2.2
3,3
0.0
0.0 00
10.0
00.10.0
5.3
0.0
5,3
15
0
3
0.0
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.D
15/7.6.
0.0.17.6.
4
4.7
9
0.52
21.3
12
3.5.
2.11
0.0 21.3
3,7
0.8
45
16
3
О.D
0 16 17.8
0.017.8
5
2
00
526.3
0.026.3
0 3 3.3
0.0
3,3
2
| 10,5
0.0.10.5
58. 278568231.8100. 1681 76 244468-7131.1100.
156 34 90622378100, 12
7.19/63.236.8100.
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
13-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
gother
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknomn
i9-Other
Total
SUNLIGHT ON SOIL
Number
Per Cent
BRIGHTER THAN MOON
LIKE
MooN
DULLER THAN MOON
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful!
Total
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doutiful Total
4
4
571
00 571
19
28 47 4.0
5.9
9.9
/
2
1.9
3.8
5.%
5
7
12
10.0.17.1
/
0.0
14,3
14.3
130
69 199 275 14.6 421
4
15
7.5
17
8.в 24.3.32.9
0.0
0.0
0.0
27
0,0
0.0
5279
5,7
11. 016.7
0. 6
1,9
14
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.2
0.0. 0.2
0
2
2
16
20,8.28.3
204
23
3.8.30.2
3
4,3
43-
8.6
3
1.9
3.8
6
5,7
3
43
5.7
0
00,
0.0
2
1,44
14
0.0
1.4
28
0.0
14.3 14,3
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0 4.7
4.3
0
0
0.0.
0.0.
22
022
0.0
14.3
0.0
3
0
3
0.6
0.0143
92
0.0 0.6
0.0.
0.D
0.01
e 92
19.5
0.0. 19.5
40
0.0
0.0
19
0.0
3
43
0.0
0.0
15
1.9
2
2
00
29.29
28,3
0,0. 28,3
15
15
121.4
0.0.21.4
6 20 3.0
13 4,3
0,0
0.0. 0.0
3
О.Д.
4.3 43
5
2
7
7/.H 28.61/00
314.158 472665 335100. 35
185366034.0 00 34 367048.6151.4100.
BARELL VISIBLE
NoT.
Number
Certain | Doubtfull
Total Certain Doubtfull
Total
Number
_ STATED
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful, Total
Certain Doubtful!
Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain, Doubtful Total
2
8,3
83 16.6
2/6.7
0.016.7
194
104-298
9.0
48 13.8
83.
292.209. 501 13.6
177.429.11.7
9,7
23.3
8.3 16.6. 252
8.2|19.9
0,0
0.0
23
0.5
1.6
0
0.
R
0
0.9
0.0
0.0
34. 1./
0.0.
15
6. 210.7
0.0
0.0
0.3
L.0
10. 19. 0.4
0.5. 0.9
2
162)
0.0
16.7 235
0 235/0.9
0.010.9
0.0 00 00 31 3 34 14 0.11.5
4 333 0.0 333 474.
_0 474221 0.032.1
0. 0.0 00 00 83 21 104 39 10 4.9
10
2.12.83,316.7/00, 1608541 214914.825.2100.
210

===== PAGE 220 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 3225, "method": "ocr", "page": 220, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
{1-Astronomical
2-Aurcraft
3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic info.
7. Psychological
18-Unknown
s-Other
Totat
TABLE AllE
EVALUATION DE
_UNIT
SIGHLINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
L/GHT
BRIGHINESS
SUNLIGHT ON MIAROR SUNLIGHT ON ALUMINUM SUNLIGHT ON PLASTER SUNLIGHT ON STONE
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
"Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
4
6.
2.7.
5.3 8.0 28 19 4714.1 9.5 23.6
11
8
19 149 10.8257
w010000ww
3032.217.3400 1L
10. 2155.5.0
40.5
2
4 105. 105. 210
3
12/22 7./163
3 10.5 5.3 158
"10.3 10 43 33
_ 29 6216.6/4.6 312
12 18 8.1.16.2343
3
0.015.8 15.8
113 00 1.3
0
0.0 0.0. D.D
0 00 00 00
6 8.0 00 80
17
3 21 13,40
2
14/87 0.0187.33
47.3 4.0. 53
NONDON
3 D.O 1.5
15
205. 05 10
05
0.0 05
17.8.5
0.0. 8.5
4 10 10,2.0
0000000
L
00, 1.4. 14
0.0 1.4 14
2
2 0.0. 2.7 27
0/0/0
9 22 00 12.2
000k)
0.0
20
00
0.0 5.3
5.3
0.0
LD 0.0
5.3
0. 0. 5.3
00 00 0.0
33V66 0.016.6
8 11149. 00199
0.0.
0.0
935 10 45
L1.7 0.0 1.4
00
- 0.0
5263
0.0.26.3
218.5
2.0 10.5
512475168.032.0100. 133. 6619966533.2100.
47 27 74635365400
12
7 19 63.236.8100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
17-Psychological
B-Unknown
i9-Other
Total
SUNLIGHT ON SOIL
BRIGHTER THAN Meer
LIKE
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
MeeN
DULLER THAN MOON
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain |
Doubtiul Total Certain
Doubtful Total
4
0
4|571
0.057.1
15
24 39 3.9
6.210.1
0.D
0,0
15./4L6
2.6
2.6
5
4
9.3
7.4.16.7
143 1431107
58 160 26.5.
9 12 79 23.1 31.6
0.0
0,0
11
17
204 31.5
0.0
22
44
66 5.2,
11317.1
2 1021. 53264
3
3
5.6 11.2
0,0
0.0
0.0
9 1.61
08
2.4
2 3 2:6 ≤ 3 79
!
2
5.6.
1.9 3.8
0.0
0.0
L. 2-3.
0.0
1.3
0 0.
20-
0.0%
0,0
0
00
L
2
19 3.8
43145
0.0
0, 0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.0 0.0
0
0.
143
0.0143
21
3
71
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0 2/ 5.5
0.0 5.51
01 0.0
R
0.0. 0.0
3
2
3
00.
5 %.
0.0
0.0. 5.6
3,08
0.0 0.8
0.0
2.6 3,6
3.1..3.7
7! 18.4
0.0 18.4
0. 11 28.9
0.0
38.9
0.0
0.0
0,0
6 15. 2.3
L.6 3.9
0 0.0 00 0.D
10
0.
2
0 10 18.5.
D.0 18.5
3
3 0,0
5.6, 5.6
5
Z 71.428.6 100.
250 135385649 35.1100.
24
14 38|63.236.8/100.
29 25 54 53.1 46-3/188.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
* Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
BARELY
Number
KISIBLE
NOT STATED
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cont
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtfut Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
125. 125250
159
89248. 9.11
12.5
12.5.232/50.38213.2
5,347
0.0
2
8.8225
125 12.5
25.0211 138 34942.4)
23
11
8./ 20.5
0,0
0.0
0.D.
34 / 4.
0.6
3.0
0.9
0,0,
0.D
10
6
16. 0.61.4
0
0,0
0.0
1.0
2
6 o.1
0.2 0,3
2
0
2
25.0
00
0.0
250202
H
2. 20241-1
0.0. 11.9
00
0,0
0.0. 00. 29
32/.7 u.2 1.9
le.5
0.0.125 340
0 340201. 0.020.1
or ao 0.0.
20 72
14. 86 42 0.850
2 8.75.0.25.0.100. V280 415 169575 3 24-5100.
211

===== PAGE 221 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 3221, "method": "ocr", "page": 221, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insultic lo.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
5-Otbes
Total
TABLE All?
EVALNATION DE
OBJECT SIGHIINGS FOR ALL YEARS
41GHT.
BRIGHTNESS
SUNLIGHT PA MIRROR SUNLIGHT ON ALUMINUM SUNLIGHT ON PLASTER SUNLIGHT ON STONE
Per Cent
Humber
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtrel Total Certain Doutful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubttul Total
2
3
5.33
1.9 8.2 22
17 44 15.1
2.524.6
//
23. 19.7. 18.0377
5. 15 39 1.5 84
11
7 18 15.710.0257
2
9.
0-0000/N
9 115. 3.3. 148 32 27 5917.9.15./33.0
wwoo
0.0 1.6
0
3 3 00 L:217
0.0
0.0
0.D 0.0
2 06 0.6. 1.2
49
0.0 0.0
1 06 00 0.6
0.0 4.9.15
75 84-
00. 8.4
33. 16.4.9)
2
41.1 1•1 2.2
14
L
14.230. 0.023.0 78
3 24 16 100,56
1000009
DOONALON
// 12.9•2.9/158
16. 8.614.3.23.9
0.0. 1. 1, 1.4
0.0 /.4. 1.4
00 2.1 2.9
12.9. 0.0.12.9
eh 0.0. 00
/L. 15.1
0.0 15.7
2
3 16 33.49. 6
2
8. 3.4. 1.145
/ 14. 0.014.
Nu0100000
000001041
42.19 61689 2.1100. /19 60179/665.33.5100. 47|23 70 67/32.9100
10
40200a
125
6.218.7
0.0 6.2, 6,2
0.0 18.8./8.8
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0. 6.2. 6.2
0.0. 0.0
- 0.0
6.2
- 0.D. 6.2
0.0 00 0.0
31,2
0.0
31,2
212.5 00/25
6 16 625 37.5V00.
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
,1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenon.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8 Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
(1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
G-Insuffic, Into.
2-Psychological
8-Uninown
9-Otter
Total
SUNLIGHT ON SOIL
Mumber
Per Cent
BRIGHTER THAN MOON
DULLER THAN MoeN
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain | Doubtful: Total
Certain| Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtka Total
4.
4
66.2
0,0 06.7
14
21
35
6.310.5
/
Number
0
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
2-1
0.0 2.9
5
8 10.2 6./ 16.3
0.0
16.7.16.7
82
48.130 24.6. 14.439.0
3
88. 53.532,3
14
12.2. 16.3. 28.5
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
20
0.0
4/61
1/
6
6.0-
11.3,18.3
7.14.2 5.9/20.7
6 / 6.112.2
2.9
3
59. 8.8
2.0 2.0,4.0
0.0.
0.0
L
18
0.9
2.7
L
0-3
0,0
0.3
.0.0
0.0, 0.0
0.0 1.0. 20
0.0
16.7.16.7
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
. 00
0,0
0.0
20
2
0,20
6.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
20.6
4.0
0.0
0.6
0.0
0.0
0.0
000.064
6/18.3
D.O 18.3
0.0. 0.0.
115 21
1.8. 4.5
00
//
0.
0
-0.0
0.0. 0.0
3
L
0.0.29 29
// 32.4
0.0324
10
0 00 00 0.0
ONO
3
6.1
0.0. 6d
0.0. 4:1,4.1
10
1 20-11
L 0.0. 20.4
3. 20 61 6.1
4
2
(66733.3100 215-119 3341644 35.61100.
121 13|34|61.8 38.2100 28 2/#9|57.1 42.9/00.
BARELY
Husber
VLSIBLE
NoT STATER
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful
Total | Certain Doubtful! Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
lumber
Per Cant
Certain| Doubtful Total Certain] Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Douttful Total Certain Doubtful | Tota
2
14,3
143 28.6 140
79219. 91
55 152
14.3
2
0.0.143
154/18 272101
8-2
189
. 14.3.14328.6
0.0
19112031113.2
0.D
8.3 315
2/1
8 29 1.5
2,1
00
0
0.0
0-6.
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
6. 1607
0.0
0. O
10
2
0.1
0.0
/4.3
0.0 143 188
4.18813.0
0-3
0.4
0.0.13.0
0, 0.0
.0.0
14.0 29,
3 32 2.1 02 22
1 143. 0.0143 293
0 293.20.3 0.0. 20.
0. 0.0 00 00 88.
1 77 44 0.85.
5
7. 7.4.28.6 /00.1094 349\443 75.8.24.2100.
212

===== PAGE 222 =====
{"alpha_words": 145, "chars": 2211, "method": "ocr", "page": 222, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE Al68
LOCATION
ECR
ALL
OBSERKERS DURING SIGHING
BY MONTHS
SIGHTINGS
ALL
JANUARY
YEARS
FEBRUARY
MARCH
APRIL
Per Cent
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
Const Variable! Total Const Variable Total
Const Variable Total Const | Variable Total
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
LIN CAR
LOUTDOORS
FIN PLANE
FIN BLOG.
52:923 30206 32221 2302
BOTHER
NOT STATED
133 24.3
0.024.3
2136 949
5./100.90
0, 24 25.0
0.0 25.8|
93|96.8| 3.2./00. 163
18. 0.0.18
0 46 29.7. 0. 027.7 43
3 166/98.2 1.8180.193
13 10
0.0 21.5
7. 200/96.5 3.5/00.
LIN CAR
15
2-OUTDOORS | 89
3/0 PLANE
34
LIN BLOG.
8
MAY
JUNE
Number
L44 Per coat
AUGUST
Per Cent
Const [Variable| Total Const Variable! Total Const | Variable Total Const Variable) Total Const Variable| Totai Const Variable Total
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
16. 77.
00 77 21
2 23. 9.2
12 84
0.b 12.3
5 94 15.9. 2648.5 123
3.126 53.9 1.3 552436
4440 46.9. 0.4 413266 8. 274 51.1
0 34 17.5 0.D17.5.
0 25 11.0 00 110 88
7. 0.4. 15
0 8 41 00 41 8
0 25 110 08 118 87 3 57 95 01 96 37 3 57 73 04 35
9 OTHER.!
2
NOT STATED Y/
Total
1189
0 2 10 0010
2
0 41 211 0021/44
5.194 197.41 2.6100.1223
0. 2. 0.9
0.0 09 15 0 15 16
0D 1.6_
o 81 65
_ 0.0 1,5
0. 74 19.3 0.0 19.3211
0 21 221
0.0 22.794
0 94. 18.0 л.0 18.
5.228. 928 2.2100.1909 20929 978 22/00. 504 17 5211967 3.3.100.
LIN CAR
2-OUTDOORS.
3-IN PLANE
tINBLDG:.
SEPTEMBER
ОСТОВЕК
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Const
[Variable Total Const | Variable Total Const Variable Total Const | Variable Total
Const
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
]Variable Total Const Variable Total
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
21
96
26
LL
2.
- 23 10.0
5 101 45.7
26 12.4
2 13 52
10. /1.0
13
24.481. 81
0,0. 12.4
27
10. 62 25
2412.0 05 12.5
90 164. 05.46.9
27 141 00 14.1
1 2013.0. 05. 135
45
34
33
_ 1 61 21. 85 25 1 32 14.9. 3.21
3 48 29.41.
292 45 5 50 218 3.0%
0 37 20.7. 0.0 247 15
1. 46 26.8 0.6 27.4
0 33 201 00 20 1 14 0 14 83 20. 83
BOTHER
NOT STATED
Total
12011
105. 00, 05
0 46 219. 0.02/.9
18
9 210 95.7. 4.3100. 189.
0
2 3.6 00 3.6
18
2
9.11
0.0 94 33
3192198.4. 1.6/100.1/57
0 2. 1.2 00 12
0 33 20./ 0.0.201 25
7 167 95.7. 4.3100. 1/55
1 a6 a0 0.6
25 14.9 20 17.9
13 168 223 77.100.1
213

===== PAGE 223 =====
{"alpha_words": 150, "chars": 1721, "method": "ocr", "page": 223, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE
1169
LOCATION
FOR
OBSERVERS
DURING
SIGHTINGS
ALL
SIGHTINGS
1947
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
MARCH
Numbe
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Const Variable| Total Const Variable| Total Const | Variable | Total Const | Variable | Total Const |Variable| Total | Const Variable Total
BY MONTHS
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Const | Variable Total Const Variable Total
LIN CAR
"OUTDOORS.
FIN PLANE
LIN BLDG.
GOTHER
NOT STATER
Total
1 IN CAR
2-OUT DOORS
3IN PLANE
IN BLOG.
* OTHER
NOT STATED
Total
MAY
Murder UNE
AUGUST
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable| Total Const [Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
• wA
1 2 77 3115.4
6462
00 46.2. 27
0 3.23.1 00/23.1
0 0. 0.0
00 0.01
6. 109
0.0 10.9
0. 27, 491 0.0|49.1
e 11 20.0 0.0.20.0
0 1 18 00 18
~m-
00
2 125
1.0. 12.5
1, 438
D-0.43.8
3 188
0.0.19.8
1 6.3 0.0, 6.3
LINCAR
BOuTDOoRs
3IN PLANE
LIN BLDG.
NOT STRTED
Total
2
12
0. 000
0215.7
11/3 92.31
1.7100.155
0 0 00 00 00
0 10 182 00 182
055100.0 0.0100.
0 0.0 0.0 0.0
3 18.8
0.019.8
0. 16/00.00.0100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
DECEMBER
Consi Variable| Total Const | Variable| Total Const Variable | Total Const [Variable) Total Const [Variable] Total Const [Variable Total
Number
Per Cent
|Const Variable. Total Const Variable Total
3.
0 09
a0 a0
3 50.0 00.50-0
/ 16.7
0.0.16.7
0 00.
0.0 00
8
0
8
421
8. 421
0.0
0 0
10.0
2.0.
421
0.0 41.1
0.0
D.D
0.0
0.0
1
333
333
0.0 33.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.33.3
-
3
3
20.0
200
600
0.0
0.0 200
0.0200
8.0.600
_0.0
2
000.00.00
2.33.3
0.033:3
3
6V00.0 O0100.1
19
O.D
00. 0.0
3158
0. 0 15.9
0| 19/00.0
0.0100.
3
333
0.0. 333
00 0.0
3/160-01
0.0100.
0.0
ao 0.0
0 0.0
ao 0.0
5/100.01 0.0100
214

===== PAGE 224 =====
{"alpha_words": 153, "chars": 1893, "method": "ocr", "page": 224, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIM CAR
'OUTDOORS
3IN PLANE
(IN BLDG.
* OTHER
NOT STATED
Total
TABLE ALTO
LOCATION
FOR
OBSERKERS
ALL
SIGHTINGS,
JANUARY
FEBRUARY
Numbe
Per cent
Number
Per tent
Const Variable Total Const Variable) Total
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
DURING
-SIGHIINGS
BY MOMIHS
1948
MARCH
Number
Per Cent
APRIL
Number
Per Cent
Const Variable Total Cons!
•Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Totall
3
5
ONO
63
6.3
63
12.5 31.3
5 313 00 313
0
6 66.7
0.0 66.7
ao mi
0
2
0.0
2 222
00
00.222
00. 1.1
0.01l./
3
0000.00
13 7657
0.0 71.83
16.7
0.0. 161
15.6 0.0, 5.6
2 16/81.2 18.8100.
1 00 1I
9/100.0 0.0100.
5 55.6 00 55.6
0 9100.00.0100.18
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 0.0
01 18//00.0 00/100.
LIN CAR
BOUTODORS
3-IN PLANE
TIN BLOG.
• OTHER
NOT STATED
Total
LIN CAR
"'OUTDOORS
3IN PLANE
LIN BLDG.
MAY
JUNE
_JULY
AuGusT
Per Cent
Const [Variable| Total Const | Variable| Total Const |Variable| Total Const | Variable| Total Const Variable| Total Const [Variable| Total Const Variable| Total Const Variable Total
5
4
0 3 71 00 77 3
1 18 43.6 2.646.2
5 128_
0.0 128
0 9. 231 0.0 23.1
3 273 00 27.3
8 12.7 0.0 127
0 00 00 0.0
0 00 00 0D
0
6
0 00 00 00
0 7 26 00 26 0
3 21 0.01.10
6100.00.0100.38
1 39 974| 26/00 11 0 1000-0 00100/
OCTOBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Numbel
Per Cent
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
Number
Const [Variable| Total Const Variable Total
Const
[Variable Total Const Variable) Total Const [Variable Total Const ]Variable Tota
62.5
12.5
0D
00
0.062.5
0.0.12.5
00. 00
2
13
1
6.1
433.
3
10.0
8.267
0.0.
3.3.46.b
0.010.0
04 26.7
--
1
00
940.0
50 50
5.045.0
_525.0
0.025.0
0 4 20.0 0.0,20.0
6
10
2
7
11
35.7
3.6 25.0
3.6, 39.3
7 25.0
0.0 25.01
2 7.11
0.0 7.1
• OTHER
NOT STATED
Total
2
1: 8
00 00 00
25. 0 250
2
8 400.90.0100.129
| 33
6.7
00. 35
0.0. 6.7.
930961 3300 18
0.0 5.0
2/20 90.010.0100. 261
0. 0
_ 0.0 0.0 0.0
11 3.6
0.0 3.b
2.28/92.1 2.1100.
215

===== PAGE 225 =====
{"alpha_words": 159, "chars": 2318, "method": "ocr", "page": 225, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TABLE
ALTL
LOCATION
OBSERVERS.
DURING
SIGHTINGS BY MONTHS
ALL SIGHTINGS
1949
_JANUARY
FEBRUARY.
MARCH
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const [Variable Total
Const | Variable | Total Const Variable | Total
IN CAR
-QUIDOORS
18
3N PLANE
•IN BLDG 10
9
18
13.6
30.5
11.9
e 10 16.9
1.2
15,3
0,0 30.5
0,0
119
0.0. 16.9
3
9
3
3 167
0.0
9. 500
16.7
2
0.0 50.0 36
3. 167
00. 162
0 0 0,0
0.0 0.0
3.8
1.9 5.7
• 36 692 00692
7.7
0.0. 7.7
7 13.5 0.013.5
9.
19
10
OL
19.1
2. 21.2
404
43.
2.1425
0.0 7.3
95 00 8.5
*OTHER
NOT STATED 1.5
LA CAR
LOUTDOORS
BIN PLANE,
•INBADG.
30
3
0
SOTHER
NOT STATED.
LIN CAR
LOUTDOORS
ZIN PLANE
LIN BLDG.
POTHER
LOT STATEO
0. 0.0
2
15 25.4
59 983 1.7100.118
1 5.6
ao 3.6. 2
0 00 a0 10
0. 2
3.8
0.0 3,8 11
0 18/000 00100.51 1/52 881 1.9100. 451
0D 0.0 00
0 11 234 0.023.4
2 ·7100.4.3/100.J
Number
МАУ
Per Cent
Number
JUNE
JULY
AUGUST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Const [Variable| Total Const Variable! Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable| Total Const Variable Total Const [Variable| Total Const Variable | Total
3
33 66.]
3
61
00.0
0Д 222
6.1.13.4
0.0
6.1
0.0
0.0
3
18
0 3 12.0
0 18 72.0
0 1. 40
0 0 0.0
0,0, 120
0.0.12.0
0.04.0
0.D 0.D
4
9
4. 20.0
0.0200
9. 43.01
0.0. 45.0
3.0L
_D.0
5.0
00.0
0.00.01
32
0
11
32
Q
21.2
0.0 212
61.5
0.0 61.5
0.0
0.0, 0.0
0.0
0.0 00
3| 4519331
0.0. 00
0. 00.0
312.0 00 12.0
_6.7100.25
0. 25/00.0 00100. 20
0.0 30.0
e 20100.0 0.0100.152
0 0.0 0.D 0.0
0D 17.3
0. 52/100.0 0.0100.
SEPTEMBER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
Const Variable Total Const | Variable Total
Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
0
2
0.
33.3
66.7
0,0
0.0.
00 333
0.0 66.7
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
5
3
1.1.
5,38.5
3. 23.1
1 0.0
0.0
7.71
0.038.5
0.0.23.1
0.0 0.b
2
9
6
1
00
2
9 265
11.6
L2.9
00.
5.9
0.026.5
0.0.17.6
0.0 29
omo
7 25.9
0.0
25.9
22.2 1133.3
14.8
0.0 14.8
0.0 0.0 0.0
el
3.
000 00 00
0 0.0
0.0 0.0
4
3100.0 0.0100.1
13
0 0 0.0 00 0.0
1 4 30.8 00 30.8
0 13/100.0 0.0100.34
129
0.0 29
15 44.1
- 0.0 44.1
0 34/00.01
0.0100. 24
0 00 00. 0.0
1 259. 0.025.9
3. 27/88.9111./100.
216

===== PAGE 226 =====
{"alpha_words": 142, "chars": 2170, "method": "ocr", "page": 226, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIN CAR
Z-OUTDOORS
BIN PLANE
'IN BLDG.
TABLE
A LIZ
LOCATION
EOR
DE
ORSELVERS
AEL
Number
SANVARY
SIGHTINGS,
FEBRUARY
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Const Variable. Total Const (Variable) Total Const | Variable Total Const Variable Total
00-0
10 10,5
125 5.3 58
8 12.4
0,0 42.1
0 00 0.9 04
4
DURING SIGHTINGS
RY MONTHS
.. 1950
Number
MARCH
APRIL
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Variabie| Total Const Variable Total Const | Variable Total Const Variable Total
6 132 3.0 21
4 12./ 0.0 12.1
1 3.0 0.0 30, 5
0 = 69 8.0 6.9
0.18.25.0. 0.0.25.0
0 8 /1.1 00 11.1
a 5 6.9 0.0 6.9
0
5
e
1.0
0.0
8.27.6
.0.0.
0.0.27.6
≤ 17.2 0,0 17.2
- 4 13.9 0.0 13.8
LOTHER
NOT STATED
0 00 00 0.0
0.03/.6 17
1L 19|942 53100.1321
1 3.0 0.0 3.0
28. 00.28. 0
1751.5. 0.05/.5.34
_ 0/ 3447.2 0.047.2 12
12 4/.4 0.041.4
1 33/27.0 3.0/00./22 0 72100.0 0.0/00./291.0/29400.01.0.0100.
LIN CAR 2
2OUTDOORS
3 IN PLANE 2
HIN BLOG. O1
AUGUST
Const (Vamale Total Const (Varale Toal Const ambe Toal Const (Variabie Tolal Const Varabe Toal Cons (Variasie) Todal Cons Vanabe Tolal Const (Vanaie Toal
0 210.0 00 10.01
0 0.0 00 00
1 143 08143 4
_5 9 16.2. 20.9 375
_210.0 0.0 10.0.
2
1 143 0.0 M.3
0 4.16.1 0.016.7
0. 00.0 00 00.0
0,
2, 26.6 0.l,28.6
• 2 83
..0.0 8.3
0 0 00 00 00 z
0, 2 8.3. 0.0 8.3.
0 10 40.0
0.0 40.0
3.12.01
.0.0. 12.0
° 3/120 00 20
" OTHER-
NOT STATED 16
LINCAR
OUTDOORS
3ID PLANEL
tIN BLOG.
= OTHER
INOT STATED
_Total
0 0 00 00 000
0. /680.0 0.0800 3
0 20400.0 0.0100.12
° 3 97 0009 6 0 6 72 0652 3 8 32.0
00 12.0
-0.0 42.9
3224 0042.16 5 24/22 20905025
0.0.24.0
0 25/00.0 0.0100.1
SEPTEMBER
OCTOGER
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Const [Variable Totai Const Variable Total
Number
Per Cent
Consi ] Variabie|" Total | Corst [Variable Total Const
[Varate Tolal Const (Variabile| Toar Cons Variabie Total Const (Variabie ( Total
0000
4. 30.8
2.15.4
3 23.1
1
0.0 30.8
0.0.15.4
0.0 23.1
0.0 11
5.
00
Q
-0 00
_ 0.0 00
3
19.3
9.7 29.0
5 50.0
00 50.0
110.0
0.0 10.0
1 10.0 00 10.0 5 0 5 21.7 00 2112
6
19.3
0.0
1 19.3
noka
9.2
0.0 9.2
65 00. k5
1 21 00. 1.1
215.1 0.015.7
1
13//00.0 0.0100.10
0.
100 00 100 0 0 0 00 0000 0 0 0 00 0.0 00
L 10.0..010 100
1DL20.0 0000./25
23/2- 0.0000. 181
0 1I 35.5 0.0.35.5
217

===== PAGE 227 =====
{"alpha_words": 127, "chars": 1634, "method": "ocr", "page": 227, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LINCAR
B'OUTDOORS
3IN PLANE
IN BLOG.
POTHER
NOT STATED
IN CAR
BOUTDOORS
BIN PLANE
IN BLDG.
BOTHER
NOT STATED
LIN CAR
ZOUTDOORS
3IN PLANE
4IN BLDG
OTHER
NOT STATED
Total
TABLE A113
JANUARY.
LOCAIION
FeR
ALL
DE
_OBSERVERS
SIGHTINGS,
FEBRUARY
DURING SIGHTINGS BY MONTHS
195L
MARCH
APRIL
2 74 00 74
3 6.7 13.3.20.0
0, 0. 0.0. 00.20
4 50.0. 16.166.2
1333. 00.33.3
0.0 00 0.0
/ 3.7 0.0. 3.7
6 22.2 0.0 22.2
2127/926 7.1100. 1 13
0 1 61 00 671
_0.0 QD
215/861 133100.
0 00 00. 00
1167 00.16.1
6 83.3 16.7/100.
0 00 00 0.0
0 00 00 0.0
31/00.01 0.0.00.
Number
MAy
Per Cent
JUNE
JULY
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
AUGUS Per cont
Const Variable Total Const Variable) Total Const Variable Total Const
[Variable| Total Const Variable | Total Const | Variable| Total Const Variable| Total Const |Variabie Total
000. 00.00
0 0.0 0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0
0 00 0.0. 8.0
4. 44.4 0D 441.4
5Q-
13
_0.0 50
_ 0.00.0
5/100.0. 0.000.
1400.0 0.0100.0
0 0.0. 0.0. 0.0
1.11./ 00 1.l
9/000 0.0/00.18
000.0
2 20 40.0 10.0100.
SEPTEMBER
OCTOBER.
NOVEMBER
DECEMBER
Number
Per Cent
Const Variabie Total Const | Variable Totaf
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Const Variable Total Const Variable| Total Const Variable] Total Const Variable Total Const Variable| Total Const Variable | Total
00
- 5.6
5.6 11.2
4. 22.2
0.0 22.2
950.0
211.11
0.0 50Д
0.0.11.11
wu
0.0. 17.9
3.6/.10.1
3 11.8.
5.9.11.1
* 23.5
0.0 23.5
Q0 41.2
5.9
0.0 5.9
3
00
Q
3.
273
36.4
3
21.3
0.0
00. 213
0.0 36-7
0.0
21.3
17
0.0.0 0.0 00
72 5 6 5.05. 9
3. 10.1. 0.0 10.1
01
0.0
00.00
128/96.411
3.6l100.
16
100 00 000
2 11.8
0.0|11.8
17/941 5.9100.
=
0.0 ОД
9/1 0.0 9.1
111100.01
0.0100.
218

===== PAGE 228 =====
{"alpha_words": 148, "chars": 2200, "method": "ocr", "page": 228, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LIN CAR
OUTDOORS
ZIN PLANE
LIN BLOG.
TABLE A 174
LOCATION
OF
OBSERVERS DURING SIGHTINGS BY MONTHS
FOR
JANUARY
ALL
FEBRUARY
SIGHTINGS,
1952
MARCH
Number
Per vent
Number
Per Tent
Number
Per Cent
Number
APRIL
Per Cent
Const [Variable| Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total
3 200 00| 20.0
3 13.3 6.7 20.0
267 00 26.7 10
61 00 67
0.0. 5.6
0 00 00 0.0
14
16 13. 1.9| 15.5
47
3
50 45.k 29 48.5
6. 22.2 0.0 22.2
6 5.8
0.0 5.8
a0 33.3 /1
0 11 10.70.0.10.7
BOTHER
NOT STATED
Total
LIN CAR
ZOUTDOORS
3-IN PLANE
LIN BLOG.
1
2
0.0 13.3
00 13,3
1593.3 61100.
1 56 0.0 56
3 27.8 0.0 21.9
0 18 1000 00100. 26
3.7 0.0 3.7
o o 00 00 0.0
9 27/963 2.1100.
4. 14.8 00 149.20
0 20 19.4
98 5/103 | 95.21.4.8100.
Number
MAY
JUNE
_JULY
AUGUST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Const [Variable Total Const Variable) Total Const
¡Variable | Total Const Variable Total Const Variable Total Const | Variable Total Const [Variable Total Const Variable Total
11
51
25
9.2
53. 35.1
25. 22.11
8 7.11
0.0
9.1
1.8
46.9
22.
0.0
92
3.
16
95
19
52.3
10.8
45
9.11
54
1.1 54.0 377
2
61
4.9
3,380 482
0,0 10.85
68
/ 69
8.6.
0.0 4.5 71
3 24 90
0,9
7.8
0.4 48.6 192
0.1
8.7
29
0.4 9.4. 34
2
43
7 204
3/
4.
38
10.3
49.4
0,5
1 10.8
1.8 5/2
1.3
8.5.
0,5
1 1.8
1.0. 9.5
SOTHER.
LIN
CAR
JOUTDOORS
3IN PLANE
4 IN BLDG.
BOTHER
NOT STATED
39
Total
154
8 7 14 20 18
2113/982 18/00.1172
.0.0 1.7
0 36. 20.4. 0.0 28.7185
0 185 23.5
_0.0/23.5
4 176 971 2.300.268 14782 982
_ 1.8100. 1382. 15 397196.2
SEPTEMBER
NOVEMBER:
Consi Vanble To Const Vaiene Tol Const Vanabe| Toal Const Parise Told const Varable Tol Conse Peace Total
Const Variable Total Const |Variable Total
15
5
le
9.3
0.6
85.49.4
9.9
3. / 52.5
1.4. 0.0
2 10 4.91.2 6.1
2
43
15
10
43. 46.1
1516.3
14. 15.2
1. 10.9
5
10 446.1
19
0.0 /4.3
00. 15.2, 211
2
7
75
2
21. 28.3
8.11.9
0 21 313
3.0 10.5
3.0 3/3
00 1.7
003.5
10
3
19
26
110
3.0
27.3
319
15.2
4.5
1.3
1.5 28.8
1.5.39.4
0.0.15.2
0 00 00 00
0 39 24.1
0.0.24.1
8162/951 4.9100.
9/
0.
2 2.2
0.0 22
8.7
1.0 8.7 10
19298.91
1.1100. 63
00.0
679400
0.0. 0.0
0.014.9
19/49 3
1.5
0.01.
0.0 76
3 3 24 94/0
219

===== PAGE 229 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 4897, "method": "ocr", "page": 229, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0- Baltoon
l1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
f-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic into.
2.Psycho Psychological
e-Unkrom
19-Othes
Total
TARLE
A 175
EVALUATION DE ALL SIGHTINGS
EDR ALL
YEARS
COLDeS
REPORTED
FOR
DURAZION DE SIGHTING
WHITE OR GLOWING
WHITE
OBJECTS
5 SECONOS eR LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
08. 4.1.42
14.7 4.7
63.0
00. 20.20
36
1
40
_16 293.32.5618
2
0.0
2
4
6.0
9.0
18
8.2 8.9146
2
0.0
1.6
1.6
10
4
L
2
9
149
23.2 20.9 44.1
13
3
19.4
4.5 23.9
4
4.1
4.1. 8.2
9
93
11.6.20.9
//
8 19 /6.4 11.928.3
10
1420.4
8.2 28.6
23. 00
2.3
0.0
1.5
11:5
0.0
0.0
,0.0
1
2
0.8
0.8
1.6
0.0 00
3
2.4
0.0
24
00
0.0
- 00
12
3
9.8.
a0
9.8
424. 08 3.2
• • • • •
0.0
0.0 00
0.0.
00.00
1
5
- 8.2
20102
0 00. 0000
0.0
00|00
0.0
0.0.
7.0. 00. 7.0.
00. 0000
9 209 0.0.20.217
e 00 00 00
5
0
2
0.0
5 2.5
0.0
47.5
6.12.2
0.0|12.2
00
1.5
15
0
0.0
0.0, 0.0
25.4 0.0 .25.4
19
0
4
0.0 38.8
2
38.8
3.0
0.0. 32
0.0
0.0 00
63. 60/23.512 48.8100.
127 16 43 62.831.2.100
150 11167746254v00.41
8 49.83.716.31100.
Evaiuation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
i3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
16-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
[&- Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
10- Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenom,
it Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc
it Insuffic. Into.
1-Psychological
18-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Baitoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
if Insuffic trto.
7-Psychological
8-Unkrow
9-Other
Total
61 SESeCAR- 5 MNUTES
Number
Per Cent
Number
6-30 MeNuTEs
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NOT STATED.
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubth Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubthul| Total
20
- 19 39 16.1 15.3 31:4.
21 20 41
174 16 5 33.9
lla
3
- 19 200 3.8 23.8
17
9
10.4
5Í 15.9
4
9
7.2 13
18
12
4.114.8
12
15,0
6.2
26
9
4.0 3.2
10.7
21.2
21
9.7 7.3 17.0
4
14.18
3.3
11.6149
12
6a2
15.0
21.2
12
41
18
16.0
9. 2.25.2
7.4
3.2
11./
0.0
00. 0.0
2
0, 10
0.0
0.0
1.7
41
5.8
0,0
0,0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.6
5
0.8 3.2
4.0
0.0
0
5
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.0 0.0
2
4.0
1.4
0.0 7.4
0.8 | 08
1.6
0
0.0
$.1
39 3/5 0.0 315
0 21 V7.4
0.0214
0
0
1.2
0.0
12
39
4
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
4 32 00|32
21
2
0|2|
17
0.0lz
22
4
22
27.5
0.0
27.5
4
0.0
5.0
2
25
2
36
//
0.6
2
25
1.2
0.0
1•2
15.3
0.0
15.3
1.2
0.6
1-8
36
22.1
0,0
22.L
6.2
0.0
6.7
81.31/24/02.29.8100. 12 44/2/1636 364100 60 20 20.80/75.0.28.0/100. 132 31 163181.019.0100.
TABLE A1Tb
EVALUATION
DE ALL SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL
FOR
DURATION
OF
YEARS
BY COLORS
REPORTED
METALLIC
OBJECTS
5 SECONDS OR LESS
SIGHTING
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SEçONDs
Humber
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Number
| Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Douttful Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
/
2
3
77. 3.8 11.5
2
2
00 105 10.5
3
3.87.7 11.5
2
0.0 10.S 10.5
8
7.7 23./ 308
42.1
5.3.47.4.
3.8
0.0 3.8
0.0
5.3
53
/
2
19
0
4
518|
11.8.9
2
2
4.4 44 8.8
3. 6
2
0.0
4.4
16 35
3.6
0.0
4.4
33.9 28.662.5
1.8
1.8
24 37.8 /1.6 53.4
0.0
0.0 2.2
/
3.8
2.2
0.0 :3.8
0,0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q.0
00. 0.0
000.000
_0.0
0.0
0.0
0
•0
2.2
0.0 2.2
Q.
0.0 00 00
/
38.00.38
L.
1 5.3
0.0
5.3
1.8
0.0.
1.8
2
2
4:4
0.0.4.4
6
° 1 38/00237
0.0.
40.00
3
3.6 1.8
5.4
00 00.0.0
- 211 0.0 21.1
0 2/6/0.016.110
0 10 22.2. 0.0.22.2
2 0 2 71 0071 0 0 0 00 00 00
0 0 00 00 00
10 / 22 00 22
12.9266.434.6100. 13|6. 1968431610034.22|56.601393 100. 33 12/45/13.3 267100
6/ SECONDI- 5 MINUTES
6:30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NeT STATED
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain (Doubttuli Total Certain] Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2!
1
20
10|31
176. 8.4.260.26, 12 38
120.2, 11.9
31.6
4
15
193
1.0 26.3
0.8
0.8
/
16.
4
20
0.0
00
1.0
1.0
15
,35
16.8. 12.6 29.4
10.
20 30
9.9
- 19.8 29.7
3
2
4
12.6 3.1 15.7
5.3
1.8 71
4
4
3
3.1. 2.4
55
3.5
3.5 7.0 23
8
13/.
18.1. 6.3 244
2
08 08 16
0.0
10
1.0
0
0.0 00 00
0,8. 0.0
0.8
0.8
0.0 0.8
0.0
00.00
00. 0.0 00
0
0.008
0.8
0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.000
17
26
0.0
17 14.3. 00143
M/o
0.8
0.0. 0.8
26 218 00 21.8
9
15_
2. 6
8.9 00 8.9
10. 00.10
14.9, 0.0 14.9
3
2
27
5.300
15.3
0
0
00 00 00
28
0
28
0.000
0.0
22,0. 00 220
2
35
0.0.
3.5
0.8
0.0 08
27.424
0.0.47.4
29
29
22.8
00 228
5 12 25,4.2
402.060
2
2 0.0
3.5
3.5
9
2./
0.0. %.1
90 29.119766244v00. 65 36 101 64935.6100 48
957/84.2.15.8 100.
VUL.
16/22 814126100.
220

===== PAGE 230 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 4784, "method": "ocr", "page": 230, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
.2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenam,
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
&- Unknown
&-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Info:
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insulfic. info.
7-Psychological
&- Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evalustion
A-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
i5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknom
70ther
Total
TABLE ALIZ
EVALUATION
DE ALL
SIGHIINGS
FOR
ALL YERRS BY COLORS REPORTEO
EDR DURATION.
OF
SIGHTING,
OBJECT COLOR
NOT
STATED
5 SECONAS OR LESS
6-10 SESANDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0.0
2.5
2.5
2|50
5.0
10.0
0.0 2.222
3
2
59.26.5.16.2
15
4
0
26
37.51275 65.0
8
40.0
50
45.0
13.3
2.215.5
2
3
65 3.2 9.2
10.0
15.0
4
100
10.0.20.0
//./
8.9. 20.0
12.9
6.5.19.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
2
0.0
10.0
10.0
0
0,0
00 0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
2.5
0.0
2.5
0.
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
2.2
2.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5
12.1
0,0
125
50
0.0
5.0
15.6 0.0
15.k
00
0,0
00
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
2
65
0.0
0,0
0.0
2.5
0,0
2.5
2
10.0
00 10.0
10
10
22.2
00
122.2
0.01
14
0.0
0,0
0.0
14
482
0.0 45.2
0.0
0
0.000
2
8
10 4.4.12:8
22.2
0.0
3.2
3.2
26.
1:14
40/650.35.0100.
20/70.030.0\00.130
15|45 66.733.3 100. 25
6 31
80.6 19.4 100.
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
6-30 MiNuTes
OVER 30 MINUTES
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
DURATION NOT STATER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total
| Certain | Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total
14
519
15.6. 5.6,2/.2
9
12 21 /1.2 15.0 .26.2
2
Z
2.5
8.1
1.14
85
8.5 17.0
13
4.9
3.8 8.2
2
0.O:
2.22.2
6.2:
1 10
11.0
1.212.2
16
44
10 |23
15 59
16.5
223
5.622.1
11.87.8.25.6
13
12./6.2
7.5 23.2
3
12 3.74.9
23 23
46
8.6
8.6. 17.2
2
2.2
1.1. 3.3
0.0
0.000
00 0000
0.8
0 0.0
0.000
L
1. 0)
1212
3
3
3.2 0.01
3.7
5
1.5
0.8
0.4 19
0 00 00 00
1. 4
00
1.2
3
3
3.7 0.0
0
1.0.4
0.0. 0.4.
2
1.80.0
7.8
0.0 00 0.0
3/L
3 / 34.4. 0.0344
12
2
10
3.7
12
15.0.
0.0 15.0
14
14. 17100 171
55
5520.2
2.5
0.0
0
0.0 20.7
2
2.5
3
3 3.7. 0.0
26
3.1
3
/
41
1.10.4 15
10 /2.J
0.0 12.5
26 317 00
131.749
5 56 00
5.6
7
88
0.0 8.8
4
5
4.9
1.2
6.1
19
49 18.4
0.0 18.4
1 20
7.1
10.4_ 15
125 15 90 833 16.1100. 59. 21 80 73.8.26.2 26.2100.170
12 82|85414.6100. 213
53.266.80.1.19.9 100.
TABLE
A178
EVALUATION DE ALL
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS BY COLORS
REPORTED
FOR
DURATION OF SIGHTING,
ORANGE OR GLOWING
ORANGE
OBJECTS
5 SEceros ee less.
6-10 SecONDs
11-30. JECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
tin Des
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful|
Total
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain | Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful. Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0
0.0 0.0
0.0
A.0
0.0
0.0
4
12
2
26
33.3
4.2
4
5.3
211
17.6 509
10 31.5
10.5.10,5
21,0
5.9
11.8
417
18.2
18.236#
4.
0.0
11.7
0.0 0.0
ON
8 25.0
8.3
33.3
2
9.1
9. / 18.2
0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.
0.000
0,0
20
2.0
00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.5
0.0
4.5
2
L
2
4
10.5 105 210
00 0.0
0.0
5.3
0.0
15.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0
4
7.8
0.0
1.8
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.3
00. 5.3
20. 00. 20.
5
9.8. 0.0 98
300.
0.000
L
1 45 00 45
0
5.3 00 53
208
1.82.0 98
L
00
20.8
Z
0 7 318. 00.318
4 211 00 211
4.2
0l 42
11004545
0 00 00 00
1341275/667 33.3400.121
3
124/8251/25100,
15
1 22 68.2.31.8 100. /2
1. 19.63.2 36.8100.
6/SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTEs
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
4
92.0 8.8 15.8
6
2
8.16.2. 5.4 21.6
4
4 0.0
2.0
1.00
4 81. 28 109
4
3
3
3143.0.0143
4
558 1.47,2
4. 2.14.3.19.0333
//
17. /59.8.2.24.6
8
15 12.3.14.0 26.3
2
2
5.4.5.4 5.410.8
3
3 0.0 143.14.3
6
17 15.98.7.24.6
0
2
3.5, 00
3.5
6
6 16.2
0.0
16.2
1 48 00.48
1.4
0.014
Q
0.0 0R
0.0
0.0
0 00 00 00
0.0
D.0
0.0
0.0
6
3
0.0
0.0
e aе
00
0.0
000 00 00
Q
Q
0.0
6 10.5
0.0. 10.5
| 2.8
0.0
2.8
0 00 0.000
2
3
2
Z /0./
00 10.1
18 3.553
0.0
0.00.0
100. 48. 48
12
14
0.01.4
15 26.3, 00 263
3 53 00
5.3
12 32.4
0.0.324
5 23.8 00.23.8
148. 0048
16
16. 23.2
0.0 23.2
2 0.0
5.4,54
4
5 1.4, 5.8.72
38 1951667333 100.
130
131/81.128.91100.
13
8 21 69381100152 17 69754246100.
221

===== PAGE 231 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 4419, "method": "ocr", "page": 231, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astrononical
12-Aireraft
13-Light Phenon.
I4Bisds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc
EInsultic into.
7-Psychological
&-Uaknown
9Other
Total
TABLE AISL
EVALUATION
DE ALL
SIGHIINGS FOR ALL
YERRS
BY COLORS REPORTED
FOR
DURATION
_ DE
5 SECONAS, OR LESS
6-10 SECONDS
SIGHTING,
YELLOW OR GLOWING
YELLOW
OBJECTS
11-30 SESAMOS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
0
Ол. 0.0. 0.0.
20. 0000
2
1005.015.0
00 00 0.0
5
3
0
- 16 40.1.18.5592
6
6 4620.046.2
3
6
15.0.15.0.30.0
9 35.0.10.0450
3
111 7.4 185
L
3 1547.7.23.1
3
3
160
0.0 15.0
3.2. 0.0. 3.2
1000 0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
00. 3.7. 3.7
2 1.2. 1.7154
0.0
00 00
20. 00. 00
0
• 0.0
0.0. 00
5.0, 5º
3
0,0
3
0
5 SO 10.0 25.0
100.OvO
00 00 00
00 00, 00
3.2 0.0.3.7
00 00 00
3
150 00 150
2.е 0.2:0.0
-0.0
0. 00
50 00 50
0 °
3
0
11, Ll
18.4 0.0. 1x.4
3 18.0 00 15.0
0.0 00 0.0
000.000
00 0.0 00
100
0
1,0
0.0. 3.0
5.0
3
0.0
5.0.
180 00 15.0
00 00.00
191
8 27.104.29.6100.
1/1
2|13 8461/5.4 100.15
5 20 780250100.15
520 180/250100
Evaluation
¡0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Ligtt Pesom.
A-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
i3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
6•30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Nomber
Per Cent
DURATe NoT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
2.8
0,0
2.8
1.6
2.8
3
9
8.1
243
8.4
16.2
4
3
22.2
38.9
5
5.6.
..19.5
8
B.N
8.1
216
0
0.0
6
1
13.9
10
16.7
16
222.22.2449
10.8
5.6
2.8
8.4
18.9
218
2.8
3
11.2
0.0
8.1
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
3
10
3
8.3
8.3
2.2
0.0
3.7
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
10
27.8
0.0
27.8
6
3
16.2
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
2
5.4
16.2
2.2
8.1
0
2
4
0
0,0
0.0
//.!
6
6.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
D
27.2
0.0
22.2
5.6
1.6
10
127.8
27.8
0,0
3,8
0.0
12.8
25
11
36
1694
30.6 1001
27
10/37 73027.0100.
718
61138.9100.
30
636.83.3/16.7 100.
TABLE
AI82
EVAL NATION
OF ALL SIGHINGS
FOR
ALL YEARS
BL
COLORS REPORTED
EDe
DURATION
DE SIGHTING,
OBJECTS
OF
OTHER
COLORS
5 SECONOS DR LESS
6-10 SECONDS
1L-30 SECONDI
31 - 60 SECONDS
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total
| Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
• Doubtful
| Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtfull Total
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
2
0.0
12.5
2
3
10.0
68.0
19
17
33
66.0
6
3/3
6.3
31.6
die
5.0
2
6.7
6.7 /3.4
138.0
28.0
4
220
25.0
0.0
602
6.7
100
2,0
120
2
0.0
12.5
12.5
6.3
250
S.0
30.0
3
13.3
20.0
133.3
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
6.3
0.0
0.0
2.0
2.0
0
00
0.0
0.0
1.0
0.0
0,0
2.0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
60
0.0
6.0
12.5
0.0
12.5
0,0
0
20 00 00
6120
01
0.0
6,0
0.0
0.0
1.020
00 12.0
2
1 2 12.5
0.0 12J
3
0.0. 0000
6.3
0.0 6.3
15.0
0.0
15.0
6
00
0.0
0.0
0.0
33|17 50 66034010012]
4 /6/260.21010214
6/20 70030.0100.
10
0 00 00 00
6 400. 00 40.0
1 6.7 00 6.7
5 25 166.733.3.100.
Evaluation
O Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenoms.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insultic Into.
7-Psychological
C-Unksona
9-07400
Total
6/ SEcoNos- 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
OVER 30 MISuTES
Number
Per Cent
DURATION NOT STATER
Humber
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtel Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2
3
2.9. 5.2
8.6
3
9.4
9.4
18.8
130.0 4.3
3
4 5.2 1.26.9
2
3
5.1
2.9. 8.6
6
15.6
3. / 18.7
2
15.818.5 263
12
2429.7 20.7.41.4
LL
14.3 /71 314
4
8
0
0.0
12.11
12.5 20.0
10.5
0.0
2.0
0,0
3
2.9 2.9
10.3
8.2/5.5
3.L
0.0
3./
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0
0.0
0,0
8,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.000
3
2.0
8.6. 8.6
0.0
O.l.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
d,3
0.0
1.2
3
2.9
0.0 2.9
5.2
18.6
10
28.6
2.9
0.0 28.6
L
9.
0.0
5.3
3./
0.0
3.1
53
0.0
5.3
1•7
10.3
0.0 10.3
0.0
00
0,0
5,3
0.0
15.3
1
1.2
0.0
10
0
0.0
38.1
12
20.7
17
9
28./
36.8 e 0 368
12
00 20.7
0,0 0.0
10.0.
3.1|31
0.0
1.3
0
0.0
1.21.7
12/14 35/600 400100 23 9/3271.928.1100
15
4
• 1978.921.1
100. 40
18/58 69.0 310V00.
222

===== PAGE 232 =====
{"alpha_words": 285, "chars": 4539, "method": "ocr", "page": 232, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3Light Phenon.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
B- Unknom
9-Other
TABLE ALIg
ENALUATION OF ALL..
SIGHILNES
EOR ALL YEARS
BY COLORS REPORTED
FOR DURATION
DE SIGHTING,
RED
OR GLOWING
5 SEcOMeS de LESS
6-10 SECONDS
Number
Number
11-30 SECONDS
RED
OBJECTS
31-60 SECONDS.
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0.
13
60. 00
0 0.0
0D
0.0
/ 48. 00 48
2
2
4
18.2.18.236.4
10 23 48131.0851 E
0 550.0
00 50.0
2
3
10. 33.3 /4.3 476
1
L
7.4
9.1
0.0 4/
0.0. 7.4
L
210.010.0200
4
5
4.8.19.0.238
L
2
3
9./ 18.2 22.3
0.0. 00: 00
D.0
00. 0.0
0 / 0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
00
00. 0.0
0.0. 0,0
2
7.4
1.0. 74
000000
0.00
0.0
02 00
0.0
00. 00 00
0. 0.0
00 0.0
0.0
00 0.0
0.0
0.00
DO D.D
0.
0.0.00
110.0
0.l
0.0.10.4
00 00
0.0
10 0
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0 00
10.0
00.0
0.0. 0D
/ 4.8 0.048
Q2 00 a0
00.
2200
00 20.0
3
3 14.3 0.0 14.3
9.1. 00%1
0.0 00
0 00.
0.0 0.0
148.00 4.8
9.19.118.2
12102763.031.0100. 9
1 10 900.10.0.100.
14
1 21 66.7 33.3.100.
6 5 1/545 45.5 100
Evaluation
0-Balloon
(1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insutfic. Into.
2-Psychological
8-Unknown
sother
Total
_6/SECONDS - 5 MINUTeS
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Mumber
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful Total Certain |
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
2
2
5.9.1
6/ 15.2
6
0
6 14.3
_0.0.14.3
4. 6. L
6.1.12.2
10
3
6
10 23.8.
0.0
123.8
// 27.3
6.1. 33.4
7./14.3 21.4
3
7
2
9.4.3.1. 3.1.12.5
6
1.3
6.6
1.9
3
110 21.9
9.4 31.3
18
2
29
23.7. /4.5 38.2
# 6.2
4. 2 12.4
1.2.4
2
8
9.2
1.3 10.5
0.0 0.0
0.0
2.4
0 00. 00.00
0,0
2
0.0 6.2 6.2
0.0
0.0
10.0
000. 00
0.0
0.0 00
0
0.0
0.0
R0
0.0
00 00
10.0
2.4.24
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4 12/ 00 1211
3
0.0 00.00
3.
0,0
12.4
7.1
0.0
0,0. 0010
10
0.0. 2.4
3el
0.D 3.1
13.2
0.D
13.2
0.0
0.0 00
5/5.2. 0.0 15.2
11 262. 00.26.2
5
|15.6
20 15.6
21
2/ 27.6 00 27.6
4 12.10.0
12./
0
0
0.0. 00.0.0
6 15.6
3./ 18.7
2
2 26 00.26
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomicai
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Enfo.
7-Psychological
&- Unknown
9-Other
Total
122
6 33 88 18.2 100.
35
2142 833/16.7100.23
9 32 71.9 28.1100
159 17 761776224100
TABLE
AL80
EKALUATION
DE ALL SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALL YEARS
COLDES REPORTED
FOR
RURATION
DE 516HT1NG,
GREEN OR GLOWING
GREEN
OBJECTS
5 SECONDS De Less
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONES
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total"| Certain
[Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain! Doubtful Total Certain
] Doubtful, Total Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain Doubtfull
Total Certain
| Doubtful Total
O.
0
a0a0
31. 52. 83|33.3, 55.989.2
14
00000\00
000 ar
10.0
0.0
0.2.00
2
15 431 63.6 68.1
2
50.0 14.3.64.3
16.7 00 167
2 22 00.22
1 4.5
0.0. 45
L
0.0
7.1
7.1
00 00 00
0 00. 0000
0 00
0.000
00. 00. 0.0
a0 00 00
00 00 ae
al00
2
22 00.22
00 00 0.0
43.00.43
2
L./ 11 2.2
e
0
L
040
0
0 00. 00.00
0 00 0000
0
0.0
0000
0000000
0
0
0.0
450.0.45
0.00 00 00
00.00
000000
16.7.0.0.16.7
0 2.0
0.0.0.0
0.000
0
0.0.
0.0.0.0
5 221 00 22:7
4
4 286. 0.0.286
0 00 00 00
00 00 00
40.53 93 43057.0100.
114 22 36463.6.100.
//
3 14 286 214.100
4
0
6
4 662 00 462
e00 00. 09
6 100.90.0 1001
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E insutfic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
sother
Total
61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MiNuTes
Number
Per Cent
Number
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NOT STATED
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
71
0.0. 7.1
9.1
0.0
9./
116.7.00 00/67
0 00 00 00
0.0
7.1 1.1
00 42.9 429
2
4 9.1 223 36,4
1167
00 lo7 16 27 43 281. 414.155
2 18.2. 0.018.2
00 00
2182. 0018.2
20 00
00000 00
L
0
00 16.7
20000.00
2
3 18 3.5 5.3
0
00 00.00
oL
0.0
00
0
000 00 20
00
0,0
0.0
ea0 00 00
0000200
0.0_ %/
00.0 00 00
0 00 00 a0
6 10.5
20.10,5
0
0.0. 00
0 00 00 00
0 0 00 00 00
00,0
428.67
0.0 28.6
2
7.1
2 18.2.0.0.18.2
3
4
2.1
0
e 3 500 00 500
1.0
0 00 0000
00000000
118
0.0
1.0
0.0 68
1
114
|500|50.0100
8
3
111 172.2|27.3100
6 0 6 100.0 0.0 100.
128. 29.57 491509100
223

===== PAGE 233 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 2682, "method": "ocr", "page": 233, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
12-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom,
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Ottrer
Total
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenom,
4-Birds
5-Ciouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuffic. Info.
(2-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenca.
4-8irds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
, 6-Insuffic. Into.
2:Pschological
8 Unknown
9-0 ther
Total
Evaluation
0-8alloon
¡1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
i3- Light Phenom.
A-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insultic Into.
7-Psyctological
8-Unknown
9 Other
Total
2
0
3
3
0
514798/52048.0100/23 15|38 60 1395/00|36
12 48 750/25.0//00. 28
136|11.8 222100
_ 6/ SEcoNos - 5 MenuTes
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain! Doubtfull
Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain | Doubttul Total Certain
16
19
3
//
3
0,0.
2.9
48.,2.0
29
4.8
9
0.0
8.2
1.0
00
0.0
8.2
0
0.0
0.0
Duratied Not STaTEs
Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
41.165
7.1 21.3
3.9 13.3
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
00
25
23
0.8
18.1
0.0 0.8
0.0 18.1
29
4
TABLE A 184
69 35 104/6.333.1 100.
12 38 110 655|34.51100. 38
1149/77422410a/06 21.121.835/16.5/100.
ALL YERRS
_B4 COLORS REPORTEL
DE UNIT SIGHTINGS
DURATION
5 SECONDS DR LESS
DE SIGHTING,
6-10 SfcoNDs
11-30 SEceNAr
31:60 SECONDS
Certain Doubtul Totat Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
2
2 00 105105
2
8
9./ 27.3 364
9 421 5.3 414
1
0/0
0
3
100
4.5. 0.0 45
3 13.6.0.0 13.6
0
2
2
191ee 91
1/4
8 22 63.6364100.1/3
2
0 00.00,00
4.21.1 00 21.1
3.11.956.
8 14.8 00 148
2.4
0.0
2.4
2.0
в.0
00
2
4.9
0,0
7.9
0 0/0
0 00 00 00
19 220 00 220
1 24. 0024
6 19 6843/6/100/33 21 54 61/38.9100|30 1141 73.2 26.8 100.
61 SECONDS - 5 MulUTES.
6-30 MINUTES
_OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NeT STATER
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
¿Certain | Doubtful|
Total
¡Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubttul Total Certain | Doubth Total
Certain | Doubtful| Totai Certain Doubttul | Total
18
7
25.
212. 8.4
30. 1
21:3,12.0
11.262/00.361
14.4. 3.3 17.1
L
0.0
1.2
10
1•2
1.2
13
10
23
1.2
15.7.12.0.27.7
10
19
10.8
12.0
2
22.8
3
2
4
10.0 3.3 133
6.2
4, 4
4
3.3
0.0
20
24
1.1
4.4
26-6
1.21.2
6-7
4
22.2
4.4.
2.0
1.2
0,0
0.0
0.0
1.1
0,0
1.2
2.4
0,0
1.2
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
33.
0
0.0
6
7.2
10.8
3.3
0.0
9
0.0 108
0.0
0.0
0.0
20
20
222
0.0
22.2
20
0
0
3
0.0
7.2
1.2
1.2
1•2
0.0
20
1.2
24.1 0.0
2
9
2
6.2
0.0
1.!
4
1.2|3.6
6 48 24
3.3 3.3
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.0 17.8
90 71
162 21 831147 25.3100.
15924837128910025 5 30 833/6.7100.
1190 81812.2/09
224

===== PAGE 234 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 4637, "method": "ocr", "page": 234, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
,0-Balloon
I- Astronomical
2-Aircraft
,3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic info.
(7-Psychological
8-Unknow
9Other
Total
TABLE A185
EVALUATION OF UNIT SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS
_ BY COLORS
REPORTER
FOR
DURATION
DE SIGHTING,
OBJECT COLOR
NOT
STATED
5 SECONDS DR LESS
Number
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
Number
31-60 SECONDS
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful (Total
11
0.0 3.4 34
2 71 21 14.2
/ 0.0 2.9 22
3
2
5 12.08.0.20.0.
17 319.20.7 58.6.
5
6 35.7 71 428
4.
113.8.3.4 112
2
3 143. 21 21.4
00 00. 0.0
4
0
5118, 2.9.147.
4 2 142 1.8 265
_ 2
3
80 40 12.0
3
00 00 00
0.0 00 0.0
5°
5.11.2 0.0.172
10 00. 0.0
3.4 0.0_
3.4
2
000000
2.00.00 00
0 0 00 00 00.
0 00 0.0
0.0
0 0 20 0.0
0 00 00. 0.0
0D.
/ 0.0 2.9. 22_
11.1 0.0
7,1
7
O Z 22.6 0.0.20.6
0 00 00 00
0
0 00 00 00 0
2 143 0.0 /43
#1.8 00 1.8)
000000%
5 12.0.8.0 200
000. 00. 00
0 00 00 l0
0.0 00. 00
8.0. 0.0 | 8.0
2 00; 0000
0.0 00 00
0
0 00 00 00
2: 219040206 3
2 360 0.0.36.l
1 00. 40 HD
2/1
8129 124226100 11
3 14 786 21.4100. 22 12 3464138.3|100 19 612576024.0100
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
.2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insulfic. Info.
|7-Psychological
B- Unknown
9-Other
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 Misures
QUER 30 MINUTES
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
DURATeN Nor STATER
Por Cent
Certain Doubtfuil Total
Certain| Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain bute Total Certain pooni Total
12
1Z
11.9
25.4
12
20 10.5/5.8
26.3
2
10.4
7.9
10.4
4.2/46
2.1125
13
2
0.2.
LS
53| 26
6
16
13.4
10.4
1.5
23,8
12
5
29
70
6.2
3.3
9,5
12
HI
13,8
5,2
19,5
3,0
17 fait
6.6
224
3
4
2.1
6.3
8,3
17
18
35
8.1
8.6.16.7
3
1.5
H.5
0.2
0.0
0,0
0
0,0
0.0
LO
1.0
0.0
0.0
13
1,3
0
2
0.0
1.3
0.0
42
0,0
0.0
4,2
2
0,0
2
3
20
10
0,5
1.5
0,0
0.2. 0.0
0.0
0,0
2.5
0.0
0,0
75
12
1.0
2
12
2
15.8
13
15.8
9
0.
18.20.0
/8.7
21
53
0.D
5325.2
0.0 252
20.
2.1
4
14
1,9
21
0.0
0.0
3/.3
0. 0 3/3
26
0.0
3
0,5
10
13.2
0,0
13.2
15. 312 00
3/2
0.0
2.0
0.0
33
3315.7
0.0. /5.7
4
4
6.0
el
2
7
9.2
4.13
8,3
12
17 81 00 8.1
5314
67 .79.120.9100.
36
20.76 737.26.3100.142
6.48 8251/2.5100.
169.4/ 210205119,5100.
TABLE
A18k
EKALLATION
OF UNIT SIGHTINGS
EOR
FOR ALL YEARS
BY COLORS REPORTEO
DURATION DE SIGHTING
ORANGE
DR GLOWING ORANGE
OBJECTS
5 SECONDS OR LESE
6-10 SEceNDs.
11=30 SECeNDS
31-60 IcONDs
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtfut Total Certain | Doubtfut Total
0
e.0
0.0
0.0
0
1 0,0
8.0
0.0
l.0
0.0
2
3
2.6
11.1167
22
3/1 178489
74.1. 0.0.467
2
6
4.8
4
13.3/77
H 200
6.2.267
0.0
0.0
0
8.0
2.0
4
0
8
21/ 2/1
42,2
2
1.L
'11! 22,2
2.
1:3
1.3
110.6
2
HIll
11./ 272
0.0
00
0,0
0,0
2.2
42
5.6
0.0
0.0
2.0
53 00
5.6
0.0
8,9
0.0
0.0
0.0
5.3
0.0
0.0
00
ee
8.9
2.0
0,0
D
Re
0,0
0,0
00
1,6
0.D
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
5.6
2.2
22
0
0
О.0
5.3
5.3
0
5.6
5
0.0
0.0
2.0
20
5.600
3
9, 4
/1.L0.0 1l.1
3 220 0.0.200
6
6 31.6 0.0 3/6
4
4 22.2 0.0 222
162 22. 8.9
L6700
- 67
/ 00 r.3 53
0 00. 00 0.0
29 16451644356100.
141
15 933. 6.7 100.
13
6/19/684 316100/2|
6/18.66.733.3100.
Evaluation
,0-Balloon
¡l- Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
i6 Insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknomn
2-Otres
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
DUCATION NeT STATER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
6.1
10.2/6.3
2
б. 16.7. 5.6.223
3
3 20.00.020.0
3
4
54. 1.8 72
3
00 6.11
61
≤.6 2.8
84
7 20.0.26.7.467
614 /4.3 10.125.0
4
3
3
4
8.
12
8.2 16.3 24.5
2
6.
x:6 5,6
11.2
1 00167
67
8
5
V3 143| 8.9 23.2
2
4.1
0.0
4./
16.7. 0.0/6.7
1.8
1.8
1.0
00
0.0
16.2
0.0
6.7
0,0
D.e
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.01
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
110.2
0.0
0.0
10.0|
0.0
0.0
0.e
0.0. 0.0
10.2
128
3
0.0
2.0
4.1.
6./
- 28.
2.0
2.8
0 0.0. 00
0.0
0.0
1 00.67
0.D
3, 12.5
0.0 /25
1 1.8
13
13
26.J1
0.0 265
12
1233.3,0.0
3
333
0.0
6.
0,0
3
2
20.0 5.6 5.6
16.7
/ 6.700
6.7
A/O
77
19.6 00 196
5 18 21.89
31
18 49 63336.7100
29
2 36 806 19.4.100.
9
6/5.600400//00.40 400/100.40 16156 114.28.6/100.
225

===== PAGE 235 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 4611, "method": "ocr", "page": 235, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
1D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
1G Insuftic enfo.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
2-Other
Total
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic, info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
,0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
. 2-Aircraft
,3-Light Phenom.
14- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
2-Psychological
B-Unknown
9Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8 Unknown
i9-Other
Total
TABLE AL8I
EVALWATION DE UNIT
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
_84. COLORS REPORTED
FOR
DURATION
OF SIGHTING,
_RED
DR GLOWING RED
QBJECTS
5 SESANDS OR LESS
6-10 SECeNDS
11-30 SecoNor
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain [Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful | Total
0,0
0.0
00. 00 00
1.6. 0.0
2
2
4 18.2.18.236.4
0100000N0
9,12
0.0
5.6
45170986.4
5 10.0.
0.050.0
3
33.3
16.7500
!.
9.10.0
9.1
0 . .
2
9.1
0.0
9.1
2
10.0.10.0200
L
3
162. 223
1
2
9! 18.2 27.3
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q.
00
00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
20
0,0
00
8.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0/0/0/0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0,0
0.0
0.0
100. 00
10.0
0
0.0!
0.0
0.
0.0
0.0
4.6
0,0
4.6
0.0, 0.0
00
2
2
200
0. 0 20.0
0
2
0.0 00 00
00000
0.0
0.0 0.0
Q
0.0
00
lo.0
0.0
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.0
5.6. 00|
5.6
0.0
0.0
1.0. /1./
9.1
1O10
56, 00|
5.6
9.l
9.1
2
4./ 18.2
13
9 22 59.1409.100.
91
1/10.900100100.12
6 18.166.233.3 100.
54.5 455 100
61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Number
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION MeT STATER
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful | Total
3
2 5 111. 7.4185
4
0
4
Ild
0.01/
2
3 32 24 111
16.7
00 /6.7
3
6
4L
143 4.8 19.1
5
0,0
8.6
2
2
8,3
28.6
%.≤ 38.1
9219 24 333
16,725.0
2
3
48
9.514.3
00
00 00
2.8
0.0
2.8
2
0.0
9.5
4.5
0.0
0.0:00
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
0.0 00
0
0.0
2.8
2.8
0
0.0
0,0
4. 148.0.0148
3
8.3
0.0
2.8
8.3
0
el
0.
1,0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
2.8
4.8
0.0
4.8
148. 0.0148
IL 30.6
0.0 30.6
0
4.8
0.0
4.8
2
2 7.4 0.0 7.4.
0
0 0.0
0.000
4.8 4.8
9.le
15
2
0
10
0
13
2
5
20
8.6
25.9. 8.6.345
12.1
1.7138
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
10
111.2
0. 0 17.2
1.0
13
0
22.9
0.0
2,0
0.0
2|34
22.4
0.0
3.4
21621 218222100.129 1|36 80.619.4/00.
| 13
8 21 61.938.1100.47
1/.58/81.0/19.0/100.
TABLE A188
EVALUATION DE UNIT SIGHTINGS
EOR
ALL YEARS
B4.
COLDES
FOR
CURATION OF
_SIGHTING,
GREEN
ore
GLOWING
REPOETED
GREEN
OBJECTS
5 SECONDS De LESS
6-10 SEÇONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 JECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtfull Total Certain" Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull
Total Certain Doubttuf
Total Certain Doubtful Total
0 0.0 00
00
0. 0000
0.0
•0
0.0
0.0, 00
000.00.00
27 35 62 325.48.686.1
10.11 6766.213.4
2
2
9
2 a
2 28 00
2.8
63.618.2.81.8
150.0. 0.0.50.0
Q
0 0.0
0,0
0.0
la. 7.
0.0
6.2
0,0
9.1
9.1
00 00. 00
Q
0 00 0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
Q.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
000
00.00
@ 0.0.0.0
0.0
2 28 20
2.8
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q.R
0
0000 as
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00.0
0.0.00
100
0.0
0.0
L0.0
0.
00 00 00
4.
16
_0.0
0e 00
0 00 00 00
10.0
5.6
0 3 20.0 0.0 20.0
/
0 / 91 00 9.1
1 500 00 50.0
2
14 14 2.8
0
0 0 20 00 00 0 0|0 00 00 00
2 0 0 00 00 20
36/36/72 500 500 100.
5
10/15 33366.7100.
8 | 3 11 72722.3100.
61 SECONDS- 5 MINUTES
Number
6-30 MINUTEs
Number
RUER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NOT STATED
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtfu!| Total Certain | Doubtful Total | Certain Doubtful | Total
8.3 0.018.3
0,0. 8.3
18.3
9.1
0.0
19.1
162. 0.0 16,7
0
0
2.0
0.0
0.6
9.1.27.3 364
/.71
0,0 16714
le
0.0 50.050.0
0e 00 00
0
0.0
00 0.0
2
2
2/8.2. 0.0.18.2
1
2
18.2.00 18.2
0/0
19.33 30.4 41.3 71.7
1/L.70.0 MoT
3
60 00 0.0
2.2
4.3
6.5
00. 0.0
0.0
0.000. 0.0
0.0. 00. 00
00. 02
0,0
0
00 20
0.0 00 00
00 00 00
8.3 0.0
83
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
00 0.0
0 0
0.0
0.0
0,0
13,0
0,0
113.0
00. 00 0.0
0.0 0.0
2
0.0
0.0
0.0
2 16.70.0
116,7
18.2 0.0 18.2
0.0 50.0
83. 00
8.3
0
2
50.0
00 00 00
00 00 0.0
0
1
0,0
40
3
6.5
00
0,0
2.2
6,5
0.0
2.2
1/12 41.758.3100.
81
3
11722273100.
6
0
6 1000 0.0 100|
25 214654345.11/00
226

===== PAGE 236 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 4381, "method": "ocr", "page": 236, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
,5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic ento.
[7-Psychological
B-Lnknom
9-0ther
TABLE A189
EVALUATION DE UNIT
SIGHTINGS FOR ALL VEARS BY COLORS REPORTED
FOR
5 SECONDS DR LESS
PURATION
_RE
SIGHTING,
YELLOW OR GLOWING YELLOW
OBVECTS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONAS
51-60 JECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cenl
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfut Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0
0.0
200.0: 00
10
5
15 40.0.20.0
60.0
dSS61.0.6
2
2 63 63 12.6
0
Re
0.0 00
2
2
4
4.18.8. 6.3. 25.1
6
7 363, 5.9 41.2
8.0
10
16.0
4.0
4,0
0 la
3 188. 0.0.188
3
2
0 00 0.0.00
5 126/1.8 294
0.0
11.1
100 62 59
4,0
4.0
0,0
1.1
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
1.0
0.0
40
0
0
0
4.0
0.0|4.0
0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0 00
V.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
3
12.0
0.0 12.0
2. 222. 0.0.222
0
3
2
10 00 0e
00 00 00
0.0. 6.3 6.3
0.00.0
3 18.8 0.o 18.8
00 00
1 63 00 63
0.e
/
0
162.
_30
_0.0 5.9
2 125 00 125
3 /1.6 00/16
0 00 00 10
0 so 0e 00
0 20 00 00
0 40 00 00
Total
17. 8 25/68.032.0100.8
9/88.921.11001/3 3 168/2 188|/00.13 417 7623.51100
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
2-Psychological
& Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust etc.
6-Insutfic. info.
7-Psychological
8- Unknown
20ther
6/ SEcoNDs - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTEs
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Number
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
DURATION NOT STATES
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total
3,0
0.0
3.0
6
3
2
3,0
9.1
9. 16.2
8. / 243
4
3
2
7 23517.6411
2
7 16.1
_2
6.5226
6.1
8 13.17
8./ 21.6
0. 0 11.8 11.8
8.1
18.9
4
3
3
710.8
2
12.9. 9.2 226
15 212. 242,454
3.
9.1
3
3
0,081
2 5.9. 5.9.118
6.11
3.0
.8. /
Le 0.0 0.0
0 0
7
3.2
0.0 3.2
O.e
0.0
0.0
0
0,0
0.0
0.0
00000 do
0
0.0
0,0
3
9.1
0,0
0.0
0.0
100.0000
0.0
9.1
2.7. 0.0
- 2.2
2
2.118 00.18
e2le00
0.0 0.0
0.0_
e0 00
000-
3.2
0.0. 3.3
0 0 0/0
0.0
0,0. 00
0
0.0
00 0.0
/6/ 00.16!
0.0
00 0.0
8
242
0.e 24.3
6
16.20.0 /6.2
0
e2 00 0.0
2
3
3
17.6 0.017.6
2
29.0 00 29.0
5.4. 2.2.8.1
0.0. 1.9 5.9
L
3.2
0.032
22. 11133 667 333100127 10 37 37/13.0270 100.10
7 12/588 412/100. 26. 5/31|83.916.1 100.
TABLE
A 190
EVALUATION
OF UNIT SIGHINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
BY COLORS REPORTED
FoR
DURATION
DE SIGHTING,
OBJECTS
OF
OTHER
COLORS
5 SEcoNDs ee lEss
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SecaNes
31-60 SEcoNdS
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
20
0.0.00.
2
2 13.3. 0.0 13.3
2. 3
3 5.6 11.1 167
1.7. 7.1.15.4
12
26 395 209 604
5.
633.3, 6.2
40.0
4
1. 5 2225.6 278
L
1/16
2.3/3.9
2
2 0.0/3.3
13.3
4
L
2.272
0.0
0.0
0.0
1 5 22.2 5.6 278
2
0
0.0
6.7
≤ 18.4.23./ 38.5
5.6. 0.0,5.6
1.0 0.0
0.0
2.3 2.3
0.0
00
00. 8.656
0
2.3
1.0
00. 0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.000
3
3
2.3
1.00
0.0
0.0
00 00 00
0,0
2
2
13.3. 0,0
13.3
0
00.0.0.00
0.0
0.0
0 00 00 00.
000 00 p0
0.0 16 5.6
0.0
6
0
0
0 6 140. 00140
67. 0.0 61
2 0 2111 00 11.1 4
100
00l
0.0 00
4 30.8 0.0 30.8
0 00 00 0000 10
167 00 41
0 0 0 000000 / 0 / 77.0021
Total
311 12-43/721279.100./11
4 / 733/261/00.1/21 6 18 66733.3/100,
815 13 615/38.51100.
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION Ser STATES
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3 Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insuffic into.
7-Psychologital
8-Undesomm
2.
2
Total
0
2
1º
12/| 9
3
9
3.3 67 10.0
67 3.3 100
16.7./3.3,300
4
0.0 3.3..33
20
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3.3
0.0
3.3
6e?
3.3
10.0
10
33.3
0.0 |333
00 00 00
100 30.0 100. 23
3
0
694. 4.4. 18.8
6 15.6. 3.118:7
8.12.512.5 25.0
1 31 0.0 31
0 0.0 00 00
0.0 0.0
00
L
3.10.0
0
3./
0.0. 0.0
2 281 30 28/
0.0. 3.1 3.1
2
0
3
9
132 71.9 281 100.110
9.1 00 91
° 4 293 91 364 32
3 49 24 13
4 14 2449.8 34.2
0 2 182 0.018.2
6
9. /4.6 23 212
0 00 00 00
0 le 00 20
• 0 00 00 0a
0 0000 00
0
0 00 00 00
0 00 00. 00
0 0 00 00 00
6 146 0.0 14k
0 / 91 00 91
1 24. 0.0 2.4
3 .27.3 0.0 213
2
0 02 00 00
L
1 121 00 17/
1 00 24 24
1 11 909. 9.1100. 32|
9 41 1780 22.0100.1
227

===== PAGE 237 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 4730, "method": "ocr", "page": 237, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3 Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insultic no.
7-Psychalogical
8-Unknow
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
A-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. into.
2-Psychological
8-Unknomn
90ther
Total
Evaluation
¡O-Balioon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, elc
6-Insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balioon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
16 Insuffic Into.
1-Psycholopicd
B-Unknown
7-Other
Total
TABLE ALIL
ENALUATION DE OBLECT SIGHIINGS EOR ALL YEARS
B4 COLORS REPORTED
EDE DURATION
OF
SIGHTING,
WHITE OR GLOWING WHITE OBJECTS
5 SECREAS OR LESS.
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SEcONDE
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul] Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain / Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful]
Total
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
| Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
4 1.3
3,9
0.03.1
3.1
2
3
26.5.3
1.9
L
0,0|2.8
2.8
21
4
20
46.223.32598
1411.6.28.143.2
2/3.2
53 18.5
4
5,6
1.6 11.2
5.2
4./ 143.
0.0
26
2.6
4
2
9.4
12.5 219
6
13.215.8390
9
13.9
//.L
25.0
3./
2.0
3/
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
13
1.3
26
Q
26
2.6
20
0.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
00
0,0
1.0
0,0
0,0
0.0
e
1.3
0.0
1.3
3
3
9.4
0.0
9.4
0
0,0
105
о, а
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
7
9.1
0.0
9.1
18,8
0.0 18.8
10
26.3
1.0
26.3
3
6
12
8.3
28
0.0
0.0
0.0
6
16.7
0.0
16.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
L
4
3.9
1.3, 6.2
0.
0.0
20
10,0
10
2
2
33.3
0.0
33.3
2
1.3
0.0
5.3
0
0,0
0.0
0.0
3839.17.499.506/00. 18.14.32 56343.1100.22
11138|
71./1
128.9 /00.|
28
8 36 778 222100.
6/ Saceros - 5 Medures
6-30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
QUER 30 MINUTEL
DURATION dOR STATES
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful! Total | Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtrul
Total Certain Doubtfuf Total
15
18. 33 158-18.9 347
1812/30
19.4.12.9 32.3
8
3
11/8.6
1.0.25.6
13
18
126 4.9.11.5
2
3
2./| 3.2| 5.3
10
4 14 108
4.3
1S.1
10
8 18
10.5 8.4 18.9
10
16 25.611.6.31.2
10
9.7
7.8 17.5
4.7 23
4
3.2 10.8
14.0
3
20
9
4
18
2
2.2
4.3
6.57
13
8.7 3.9.12.6
00. 00. 00
40
1.0
0,0
000.0
0.0
00. 0 0. 00
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
0.0 3.2
|3.2
0.0. es
0.
0.0
0,0
0.0
0,0
0.0 00
L
0.0
1.0
53. 0.0 5.3
2
0.0
10
0.0
0.0 0.0
0 22 214
0.0
21.4
2
11 11 2.2
7.5
0.0
22
26
026. 214. 0.0 224,16
165200
0.0.0.0 00
2
1 3
19,10
12.2
2.9
3
3 32.003.2
2
2
256.00.286
24
0 24 23.3. 0.0 23.3
0
2 22 00
2-2
2
4.7 0.0 41
4
4 39 0.0 3.9
162/33 95653341100. 6330 93671323100.34. 9 73/79120.9.100.85
18 /03/82.51/15 100
TABLE
ALIZ
EVALUATION
OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS
BY COLORS REPORTED
FOR
DURATION
SIGHTING,
METALLIC
OBJECTS
5 SECONDS DR
Leas
-6-l0 SECONDS
11-30 SECONAS
31-60 SECONOS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfi Total Certain) Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
2
3
9.1 4.513.6
2. 200/05/05
4 20 6.1
E.л.
2
2
4 5.3 5.3 10.6
2.
4.5 45,90
20.010.5105
12000
20
0.00.0
0.0
8
2./27.3 364
8
/
9 42.1 53 414
18 15 33 36.7 30.6.67.3
15
6
21
39.511.8 553
142. 0.04.5
/
10.03353
2.e 0.0
0.0
0.0 26 2.6
4.5. 00,45
0 00.00 00
00. 00 0.0
0
0,0
0.0 0.0
0
0
0.0
0.0
2.0
2.6.0.0. 2.6
0.0
00. 000.0
45 00 75
0,0
2.0
10.0 13
1 45 0.0 4.5.
0 00 00 00
2
2.0
0.0
2.0
2
2
5.6.0.05.6
3 41 2.0.61
00 00 0.0
3
2
3 13.6 0.о 13.6 4
0 4 211 00 211
10. 2143 00 1438
8
21.1.0.0 21.1
29/00 91 0,0
0 00 00 00
0 00 00 00
0.
1 26 00 26
8 22 636364100113. 6 19|684316/100.301949 62388 100|29
9|38 73 23.1/100.
6/ SEcONos - 5 MiNuTEs
6-30 MiNUTES
QUER 30 MINUTEL
DURATION LoT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cen!
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul| Totat
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubttul | Total
12
≤ 22.2216.518.6
18
2 22 290,12.0
34. 0.
13 00 13
13
10 231
16.113.0249
9
10 ія
0.0
13
1.3
12.0/3.3.223
6
/
3
924.012.030
13 11.9
- 3.6 15.5
4
12.0. 4.0/60
4
1•2
• 3.6. 4.8
4.0 00 4.0
19
231
22.6 4.1. 22.4
L
2
13 13 26
0.0
1
13
13
1.0
0.0
0.0
12
0.012
13, 0.01.3
0.0.
0.0 0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.0
0.0
1.2
- 1.2
10,20 00
0.04.0
e50.0.6s
8
0.0
0.0
0,0
10.2. 0.0
20
20
1.3,0013
10,7
0.0
0.0 0.0
1.3
0.0
20
26.0. 0.0260
12
1.3
0.0
16.0
-00
8.0
0.08.0
28.0 0.0 28.0
0 0 o 0
0.0 |
0.0
20-
0.0
23.8.
0.0 23.8
1.2
1.2
2
13 13 26
4
2
12 60
0.0
15 129.0.0 179
5.3 22
80
0.0. 4.04.0
7.10.0 71
60/17/27/71.9 22.1/00152 23 75 693/30.1/00.1201
25|800 20.0100.
73
// 89/86.9//3.1 100.
228

===== PAGE 238 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 4709, "method": "ocr", "page": 238, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
S-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuftic Info.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-0 thes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Oust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unkrown
9-Other
Tota!
Evaluation
0-Balloon
L-Astronomical
2-Aircrat
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknowr
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenora.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
F insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknom
Total
TABLE_ A193
EVALVATION
DE OBJECT
SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS
BY COLORS REPORTED
EDe DURATION
DE SIGHTING,
OBJECT COLDR
NOT
STATED
5 SECONDS aR. LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
31-60 SECONDE
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Cortain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
0,0
4.050
8
3
40.0 /5.0,55.0
20.01
v.0 25.0
D.0
1. 0
0.0
L
0
2 VI
1/. / 22.2
/ /
0,0 3.1
3.1
3
4.13.0 4.317,3
3
22.2
33.3
3
4
9.4 3.1.125
2
/
3 82 4.3.13.0
2
22.2
5
4
15.6 125 28.1
4
13.0 4.3 173
0
1.0
0.0
0.0
20. 00 00
00. 00 00
d.0
2.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
0.0
0,0 0e al
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.0
0.0
0.0
/
0.0|3./ 311
0.0 00 ak
3
15.0
0.0
15.0
0.0
/1.1
Z
219. 0.0.219
2
8.2
0.0 81
0,0
6.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00 00 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.011
0.0
0.0
9
0,0. 0.0
00.0
0.0
15 3 20780.25.0 100.
6
9 66.733.3100.
2
21
4
4 12.50.012.5
0 0
3910.0 391
b 6.3 175"188
0.0. 4.31
43
11132|656347100
19.
4 |23.826.11.4 100.
61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
QUERe 30 MINUTES
Number
Number
Number
DURATION NOT STATED
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtfull
Total
| Certain Doubtful
Total Certain
Doubtful. Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
/ Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
12
3
15
19.7
4.9 24.6.
8
11 19 1.1
15.3
26.4
3
2
5
1.2
F1 12.8
415
6.6
0.0
1.6
5.
10
2.4 9.0
1.6
4.2
2.4
3
/
3
47.7
2.6 103
8.
123L
9.0 4.8 13.8
15
/3.1
11.5 24.6
12
≤ 17 167 69 23.6
4. 26: 1.7 10.3
12
16 28 1.2
9.6 16.8
3.3
16
0.0
0.0
4.9
e 0,0
0000
00 20.00
2
12. 0.618
0,0
0,0: 1.4
3
1.4
2
510.051
2
1
31.2
0.6 18.
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0,0 1.4
0.0 00 00
3
20
4
3.
4.9
0.0 $9
0.0
0.0
00
0 20.32.8
0,e 32.8
1
LL
2
9
1.4
11 15.3
0.0 /53
28. 00. 2.8
125. 0.0 125
4 66 0.e 66
9.2. 0.0 9.7
8
4
8 202 00 20548
0.0
0.0
0 48. 287. 0.0 28.2
0 / 26 00 2.6
3
41.8
0.€ 2.4
0 11 282 00 28.2
29
0 29 17.4
0.0 174
0. 4. 10.3 0.0 |10.314
0 14 84. 00 84
491261803192100 53 19-72/736264100.33
6 39 |846.15.4100.136 3/ V62814 18.6100
TABLE A194
ELALUATION
DE
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
ER ALL YEARS BY COLORS REPORTED
FOR
PURATION
DE
SIGHTING,
ORANGE OR GLOWING ORANGE OBJECTS
5 SEcONDS DR LESS
6-10 SESaNDS
11-30 SECONDE
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Pes Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain) Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0 00 00 20
3. 6.7. 13.3 20.0
6
2.0
8.0
0.0
020
0.0
0.0
2
2
22518.0425
L
3
6.1. /3.3 20.0
2
e
5 4670.0417
2
4
6 12.5 26.0315
8
V,ol
15.0 20.0
3 25.0
0.2 25.0
2
6 2,6.2,12.4
6.7./3.3 20.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
e0
0.0
0,0
0.0
2.J.
2.5
12
00
0.0
Q
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
6.2
e.e
0.0
10.0
0.0.
0,0
0.0
0
2.0
0.0
0.0
0,00.0
0.0
10.0
0.0
10.0
0,0
0.0
0.0.
0.0 0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0 |0.0
1
66./
0.0
6.Z
2,51
0.0 2.5
0 00 60
0.0
00 00 001
L67
0,0 67
5/22. 00/25 3
325.0 0.0
25.0
0 6 32.50.0 37,5
0 4 26.7 0.0 26.7
# 25 25100 10|8300
83
0.
1 006262 0 00 00 00 00
126 14 40 650350/100/12/0/12/000.0.0100
10
6 16 625325/00 9 6 15600 400100
6/ SECONDE - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTEs
Number
Number
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
DURATION NOT STATED
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful | Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain [Doubtful Total
3
8 6.7. 11.112.8
2
1 29
25.0
3
3 200. 0.0 20.0
/ 4
602080
3 00 6.267
L
2 3.6
3,6
1.2
3
3
4 7 200 267 467
5 12 140.10.0.240
10
8.9
_ 13.3 222
2
3.6.
3.6
1,2
1 0.0
167/61
2512 1201003%0
2
2 4.4
0.0 44
0
0.0 00 00
0 d
6 214.
0.0. 21.4
0 | 167.0067.
L
0 1 20 00 20
0000
0.0
0 00 00 000
° 09000 00
0,0
0.0. 00
e.
0 00
0
2
4
0.0
0.0
0000000
000. 00 00
8.9
0. 0 8.9
1. 3.6
0.0
10000000.
22 4.466
12
3
12
1267 00 267
3
0 0 ~
3.6
000. 0.0
00
00 67 67
232.1.
0,0
32./
67,00. 6.7
3.6
Nva
1 140 00 140
1 20 00 20
2180 00 18.0
62 0061
0.0 36
L
01 67 00 67 4
4 5 20 8.0.10.0
29 16 45 6441356100 23 1 28/82.117.91100
9
6151625325/00.35. 15/50/70.0300/100
229

===== PAGE 239 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 4546, "method": "ocr", "page": 239, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
jI- Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
8 Unknow
17Other
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
iG Insuffic. info.
(7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
2-Psychological
8 Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
10-Balloon
11- Astronomical
{2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5- Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Into.
7-Psycholozical
E-Uknown
9-Othes
Total
TABLE A195
EVALUATION
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS EOR ALL YEARS BY COLORS REPORTED
EOR
DURATION
_ DE
- S/GHTING
RED OR GLOWING
OBJECTS
5 SECONDS OR LESS
6-10 SEÇONDS
11:30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful: Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubts Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
00. 00 00
00000 00
16.70.0 67
2
4 200 20.040.0
15 444 389 83.3
2
11 00 11.1
4
L.
0
2
4 444. 0.0.44.4
6 267. 13.3,400
2
1/.1
2
3
4.6-7.20.026.7
110.0 00 10.0
!/. / 22.2
00, 00 00
0.0
00 0.0
000,00
0.0
2 10.010.0 20.0
00. 0000
0/0
e
0 00 00 00
0.000 00
0
000 00 00
0 00 00 02
00 0.0. 00
0
0.200
10.0
0
0.0 00 02
0 00 00 00
0 00 00.00
0 00 00.00
5.6
0.0, 5.6
0 00 00. 00
18 61.138.9100.
L
0
2
8
11./0.0 111
00000.00
000 00 00
0.0
00 00
L6700
6-2
0 00 00 00
0
2
22.2. 0. 0 22.2
0000000
119 88.9111100.
2
10
2 133 0.0.133
1 10.0 00 10.0
1 6.700 67
210.0/10.0/20.0
5 15 667 333/1001
410keal4oovca
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 Melvies
QUER 30 MeduTES
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain] Doubtful
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
DURATION or STATEs.
Number
Per Cent
Certain: Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total
з
5130. 8.1 21.7
2
4.3
14.3
8.6
26.1
4.3
30.4
0.0 00
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
00 00.00
411.4 0.0 124
0.0 0000
3
2
3 13.0 0.0.13.0
8.1
4
3
0
3
11
| Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
4
11.4
0.0
11.4
3
15.0 5.0
20.0
4
4100 8.2
8.2
1Z.L
17.1
25.0. 10.0 35.0
8
00
9
4
13 184 8.2
24
8.6
14.3
22.2
10.0 15.0
8
14.3 2.0
2.9
0.0
2.9
2
3.
5.0
16.3
2 0.0.
10.0,100
0
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
2:9
29
0.0
0.D
0.0
0
0,0
0.0
8.6
0.0
8.6
2.9
0.0
2-2
11
31.4
0.0
31.4
2 87.00
0.D
0.00.0
0
1
0.0
0.0
0.0
/
5.0
0.0
5.0
5.0
0.0
5.0
2
50
5.0
10:0
10
0
12
2
00
10
20.4
0.0
20.4
0.0
0.0
12
24.5
2.0
0.0245
2
4.L
0.0
4 23/82.6 174100
29
6 35 829/17.1100.
12
8 20/0.0400100.140
9.149 /81.6118.4-100
TABLE
A196
EKALUATION RE QBJECT
FOR
SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY COLORS REPORTER
PURATION
SE SIGHTING,
GREEN
OR GLOWING GREEN
5 SECONDs DR LESS
OBJECTS
6-10 VECONOS
Number
Number
11:30 SEcONDs
31-60 SEcedeS
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Number
Certain, Doubtfut Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
0.0 0.0
0
00 0.0
23 29
0,0
0.0
52
37.7 47.5 85.2
1
8
9/ 63.672.7
0
6
0
0 00
0.000
0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
11./ 77.8
50.0
0.0
50.0
2
0
3.3
0.0
3.3
2.1
0.0
9.1
0.0
L. L
1/./
0.0
D.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
00, 0.0
0.0
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
e
-0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
0.0
00
0.
00.00
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
00
0.
00.0
0.0
0.0
2
3
2
33 00
3.3
0.000
0.0
0
0
0 0.0
0.0
0.0
00.0
10.0
0.0
00. 00 00
0 00 0000
0 00 0000
0
0000000
4.9. 0.0
4.9
2
2
.. 18.2
0.0 18.2
1111. 0011/
/
2 16/16
3.2
0 0 00. 00,00
L50.0
0.0
50.0
0RR00a0
• 00.00 00
3/ 3016/150.8492100
417.11
36.463.6100.
7
2
9. 11.8/22.2100
2
2 1000 0.0 1001
61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
6-30 MiNuTEs
Number
Per Cent
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
DURATION ACT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Certain [Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtfül| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
/
11.1, 00!11
1 0.0.11.1 11.1
3
4
9. 1. 0.0
9.1
120.000 20.0
0
0,0
0.000
9 / 27.3.36.4
1 20.00.0
14.24
218 389. 66.7
5 00 55.6556
2
2
0
2
200
10
1. 20000
200
28| 28
5,6
Q
0
2
18.2
18.2
0.0.18.2
100 00 00
0.018.2
2 00 00 00
00 0000
0 00 00 00
0
0.00000
e
0
0
0.000 00
0
0.0
0.010.0
0 0000.00
0.0
0000000
60 0.0
/11 00 1/
0 0.0
0.000
2 00 00 00
6
167 0.0 167
0 00 00 00
0000ae
0 a0 a0 00
0.0 0.D
0
0 00 0000
18.2. 0.0 182
2 400.00 40.0
3
0.0
3
11 0011.1
0
0.000.00
83
00 83
6
9
333 1667 100.
3// 72.721:3 100.
0.
5 | 0
0 00a0p0
28. 00 28
310000.ovee 211/5 361583417100
230

===== PAGE 240 =====
{"alpha_words": 278, "chars": 4545, "method": "ocr", "page": 240, "variant": "plain-vision"}
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
: 6- Insuttic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
7-Othes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insulfic. Info.
1-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phesom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
-Unknow
9Other
Total
TARLE A192
EVALUATION
DE OBJECT
5/6HTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS BY COLORS REPORTER
EOR
DURATION
DE
YELLOW
5 SECONDS OR LESS
6-10 SECONOS
NOS NS1-30 SECONDS
OR GLOWING
YELLOW OBJECTS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Totai Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthel Total
• 00.0000
О.0
6.0
0.0
2.77. 7715.4
00 00 00
9.353.17.6 52.9
2
3. 11.8.5.917.7
e
0/0 000
59.0.0
5,%
1 0.0, 59, 59
0.0 0.0.00
5.9. 0.0.59
0000. 0l
211.8 00 11.8
2 00 00.00
000000
5.55.6
0.055.6
12
7.7, 7.715.4
2
3 15,4
77 23,1
/1.1
0.0 /1.1
3 23/ 0.0 23/
523./ 15.4385
0
00
0.0 0.0
0 00 0000
0.0 77 77
a0 11.1111
0.D
0.0
0 00 0000
L
/ 0.0 77 77
0.0
- 0.0
3 231 00
73.1
Q
0
000 02 00
D.D.
0.0. 00
00
00 00 0.0
00a000
2 22,2
0
0.0 222
L
1
1 77 00 77
L
7.7 0.0
_ 7Z
1770.071
. 0
3 23./ 0.0 23,1
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0 00 00
0.0
1 00 00 00
12|
51770.629.4100.1
1 9/889 11.7100.
10
3 13 769.231 100.1
9 4 13 69.230.81100.
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
6-30 MINUTES.
Certain Doubtful Total
i Certain Doubtful
Total
Number
OVER 30 MINUTES
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
DURATION NOT STATER
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
33, 0,0
8.
2
33
15.
33.
33
6.6
23.3267 50.0
33 0.0
33
6
4
2
8
18.2
15.2
6. 243
4
3. 7.23,5 17.6 H.1
2
4
14,8
7.4 22,7
3
8
9./. 243
2
0.0. 11.8.11.8
3
Z 14.8 11./ 25,9
6
12./
в./
6./ 18.2
L
1. 2
0.0
59.
59 11.8
L
37
0.0 3.7
0.
6.1
0 000000
3.7. 0.0
3.7
00 00
10,0
0.0
0.00.0
0
0 00 0.0 0.d
00 00.00
2000 00
100 0.0
10,0
000000
3.0
00.0
0.000
0.0. 0.0 0.0
0.0
3.0
211.8. a0 11.8
and
0.0.00
0.0
0.0 00 00
0 0.00.000
e
47.00
267
5 152
0.0.15.7
3176, 0.0.176
4
NO
4 148 00 148
00 a0
0.0
2
Z 259.00 25.9
0
00 00
3.61
30
9. 1.
100 | 59,59
3.7.00. 3.7
21
930 700300 100.25 8 33 758242100101
7775884121001221
5 271815 18.5100.
TABLE
A198
EVAL VATION
DE OBJECT SIGHTINES EDE ALL YEARS
BY COLORS REPORTED
EDe
DURATION
DE SIGHTING,
OBJECTS
OF OTHER
5 SECONDS OR LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONOS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain
[Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul
Total
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
0.0. 00
10.0
L
8,3
0.0 8.3
3
71 14.3214
2
77 77 15,4
AN
6
15. 29.019.448.4
5 12,9. 3.2/6./
4
0
# 33.3
0.033.3
2
2143,00
143
0.0.
| 77. 77
200/67.16,7
4 21.4 7./ 28,5
5
15.4.23./ 38,5
2 00 0.000
0.0.
83,83
3.2
7. 0.0
10.0
32
0.0. 00 a0
0 00
100
3.2. 3.2
3
4.7
0.0
до 20
7,1
0.0 7/Z1
00 00 0.0
02 0000
0.0. 0.00.0
97 00
2 167
0.016.7
00 00. 00
00 00 00
0
0.0
0.0
0
0e0000s
0.0
00
7.1 7.1
0
0
0.0
0.0 0,0
6 194. 00 194
83
00
83
2
2 143.00 143. 4
0 4 308, a0 30.8
0 00 00001
83
0.0
83
0 00 a0 ee,
/ 17 0e. 77
22
9 31 7.0290/001 9| 3 12 750.25.0100.
9514164335.71001 81 51136453851/00.
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
6-30 MINUTES
Number
OVER 30MINUTES
Number
DURATION NOT STATED
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain) Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain (Doubtful) Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2
3.6
7.110.7
3
2
5/03
2
3.6
69/72
/ 125 - 0.0 \25
3.6, 7.2
6 17.2
3.4 20.6
8 14:3 14 3 28.6
0.0
3.6.
3.6.
8 13.8 13.8 276
34
00. 3.4
0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 D.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.
0,0
0.0. 0.0
3.6
0.D.
|3.в.
3.4-
34
2
10
3
3.6.10.7.
0.0. D.D
10 357.
0
0.D 35.1
0.0
241
20 24.1
0. 0.0
0.D, 0.0
0
eD.
34. 34.
3
ONLOON
63
3./ | 9,4
3 375. 0.0.375
6.3 25.1
,o o
o a o o
188
2250 0.0250
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2.0
/ 125
0.0 12.5
12,5
0.0.12.5
0 25 0025
Mahoose
00002/0
156 9425.0
_ 0.00.0
0.0 00 00
0.0 00 0.0
6
18.8 0.018.8
3.10.0. 0.0.3.1
5. 15.6 00 15.6
0.0. 31. 3.1
19 9 28 67.9.32.1/00.211
8 29 724276 100.
0 8 1000 0.0100.25
1 32 78.121.9100.
231

===== PAGE 241 =====
{"alpha_words": 276, "chars": 4991, "method": "ocr", "page": 241, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
i1-Astronomical
2 Aircrat
3-Light Phenom.
1-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G Insuffic enfo.
7-Psychological
8Unknown
s-Otteer
Total
TRBLE A199
EVALUATION DE ALL SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL
YEARS
BY NUMBER QF OBJECTS
LER SIGHTING
FOR DURATION.
L5SECONOS OR LESS
SIGHTING
ONE
OBJECI
6-10 SECONOS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain |Öoubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certzin] Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain "| Doubthil | Total
5
8
0.8 14 22
136 138 274368 313 74.1
3
4
2.2 2.9
5.1
6
102.0 2.94.9
9
!. 205.6
- 48 12.4
43. 26 69 316 19.1 50.7 46
15 6/ 22.4 7.3 297
20
2
16. 36.54.43 97
13 27 10.3 9.6 19.2
15
8. 23 93 50 14.3
_28.28.56.13.1 131274.
2 05 00 0.5
10.7
0.71.4
30.18 48.18.611.2.29.8
2 05 05 1.0
0
00 00 00
0 0.0
0.0.00
000 00 00
L
0 0 00 00,00
2 03 03.06
e0.0
00, 00.
12
7
0.
2 00 10 10
0 0 00 00 00
012.3.2. 0.0.3.2
2
2 05 00.05
0
° 7 51 0e51
14
0 14 68 00 6.8
12
0 122500. 15
2.000
3
1 4 15 05 20
2
0 2120012
23
0 23 62. 004222
0 22 162 00 162
44
0 44 21.5. 00 21.5
0 5/31.7. 0.0.311
3 1 22 08 30 2 0 215. 0015
8 12 20 3.9 5.9
25.19.1.2.31
207 63 37055.944.1100 92 44/3667632.4.100.
144 6/1205 70.229.8 100. 122 39.16/ 25.8. 24.2100
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
, 3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
, 6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8- Unknown
9-Other
Total
0-Balioon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
1-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
6/SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NOT STATED
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful! Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain! Doubtful
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubthul | Total
55
33 88
14.9 9.0 23.2
42 110 19.8
12.2
1920
37
17.5418.0
8.3263
10
49.
29
2.9
4.7
12.6
23
3.5
не.
1.Z
3.5
15.2
46
13
2.7
38, 84 125.10.3
6.2
22.8
12,52
32 60
8.2
9.3
28
6.3 19.9
118
78
86 204
13.8
28
7
17,5
9
1.41 136
15
4.4
7.3
11.7
52
37
89
19.0
32.8
6.4.
2
1.4
0.5
1.9
2.0
1.2
3.2
2.
2
0.0
10
0.0.
1.0
3
0.0.
144
/
0.5
0, 2
0.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
0.2
0.0
1.9
L
L
0.3
0.3
6
Q.0
2.9
2
34
104
12
7
34
1.9%
9.2
0.0
9.2
23
2,6
0.0 2.9
02
0.5
16
0. 23
67
0.0
2
6
9
6.7
12
12
5.8
5.8
101
0 1DL
16.3
2.9
5
010428.3.
0.0.28.3
2.6
0.8
0. 8.
315
3.3
0.8.
4.1
61
9
2.6
0.0
6.
0 61
17.8
0.0
117.8
48.
b
2.9
0,0
0
0.0 233
110
0110.
17.1
17.7
15
3.2
1.2
4.4
8
0 148 23.3
0.0
5
13
3.9
2.4
6.3
22
263.5
0.6
4.1
1220198-368 73.4.26.6100
1248 95 343723 271 100.
15452206748252100
1462159621 74.41256100
TABLE
A 200
ENALLATION
DE ALL
SIGHTINGS
EDR ALL HERRS
BY NUMBER
OF OBJECTS
EOR
• DURATION
DE
SIGHTING,
OBJECTS
5 SECONOS,
PER
SIGHTING
OR LESS
6-10 SECONOS
TWO
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain| Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Totaf
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Tota
0
0.0
0.0
О.0.
0
0 0.0
0.0. 0.0
2
4
9,5
2
2
15.4
6.9
13.8
20.
lil
0.0
О.
19.0285
0.0
L
15.4.
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
4.8.23.8.28.6
L
30.8
77
38.5
5
12
24.
11.2
41.3
00
5
L
0.0
4.8
4.8
0
0.0
00
0.0
0
2.0
0. 0
0.0
0.000
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
0
NO
0
0.00.0
3
0
0,0
1..1.
11.133,3. 44.4
0.0 11./ 11.1
0.0.
C.0 0.0
0.0
0.Q
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2
4.5
0.0
4,5
0 00 0000
6
6 286 00.286
L
5
0.0 7.7
6.4.
2.0 6.9
0.0
11.1
0.
0.0.//.1.
0.0. 00
5 38.5
0.0 38.5
5
2-69 0.069
17.2.0.0.17.2
00. 00.00
0 0.0
0000
23.4 3.468
0
2
- O
00
0.0.
0.0.00
2
722
0.0
0.0 0.0
17 10 21 52447.6100.
10
3 13 76.223.1.100
19
110 29 65.534.3100.
4
59
144.4 55.5-100.
Evaluation
0-Balioon
, 1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3 Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5 Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unkrom
sother
Total
6/ SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
6-30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
OVER 3P MINUTES
DURATION NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtul Total Certain | Doubtfut Total Certain | Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain [Doubtful | Total
Z
14115, 11.5 23.0
6
6 12 13.3 13.3 26.6
3
1 4 15.0. 5,0200
3
> 5.2. 3.9. 9.1
14 00
11.6
5
4.4.6.6 /1.0
0 / 50
0.0. 50
9 7.8 3.9 11.7
17
0
2
//
2
3
28.21.9 180.45.9
8 14 13.3. 17.8 31.1
H
6 10 200 30.050.0
13
# /Z 16.9.52.22.1
0 00 00 00
3 0 3 66 00 66
000 0000
000 0000
0
/
2.2
0.0
116
0. 0
2.33. 0.0.33
1.6
1.6
2
0. 00. 00 00
0
2
3.2
0,0
24.4 00 41
0.0 00. 0.0
1/180
0.0 18.0
6 0
b 133 00.133
2.
33 0.0
3.3
3.0
3 66 00166
0000100
00.0
0.0
0,0
1 13 00 13
0.9
О.D.
0.0
0.0.
10.0
5.0, 5.0.
00
2,23 a0 08
13. 0.013
0.010.0
9.1 0.0. 9.1
1.0
0.0. 0.0
5.0
00 00 00
0.0. 5.0.28
28 364 0.0 364
15.0
0.0 5.01
52
7 1.5 2.6. 9.1
42/9 61 168.9.311 100. 128117 45162.237.8100
17
820.600.40.0100 65 12 7784.415.6100.
232

===== PAGE 242 =====
{"alpha_words": 289, "chars": 4616, "method": "ocr", "page": 242, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I1-Astmnomin
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuttic info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
S-Other
Total
TABLE A201
EVALUATIAN
OF ALL SIGHTINGS
EDR ALL YEARS
BY NUMBER OF OBJECTS
PER SIGHTING
EQL DURATION
OF
SIGHTING, THREE
TEN
OBJECTS
5 SECONOS OR LESS
6-10 SECOND
Humber
Per Cent
Number
11-30 SECANOS
31-60 SECONDS
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful, Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
] Certain Doubtful , Total
2
20.0.61,61
00.0
0.2 00
391
2
200
1.17.7
0
0
00 00
3
a0 91
0
0.0
6.Z.
5,9. 5.2
6
4
1018.2
12.1 30.3
00
3.2.3.0
5
5,333
0.0
0
3.8 3.8
0.0
0.0 33.3
10
3 0.0 20.0 20.0
3
13
38.5,
11.5 50.0
3.8 | 3.8
41.2
5.9.47.1
0.0
5.9. 5.9
2
6. 6.1
le. Z
67
0
12/18.2
10.01
0.0
2.0. 0.0
0
2
0
6./
0.0
Le.L
00.0
0.000
2
16.7
0.0 6.7
0
a01
00
3.8
ON
3.8
e 00
0.0
0.000
2.0.0
2
0
5.2
59. 11.8
0.0
0.0 00
00. 00
00
0.0.00
0.0 0.0
0.0
0. 0.0
0.0. 3.8.3.8
7
0.0.21.2
4
0.0
0.0
0.0
426.70.0.26.1
7, 269. 0.0 26,9
29,4
0. 0. 29.4
2
22
21.2
6./
5
2
0.0. 6.1
00.00.000
0
6 00 00 00
0,0
0.0.0.0
33 66.733.3 100.
4 15 73.326.7100 18
8 26 692308/00. 173 4 17 165 23.5100
canalon
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
13-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
[8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
L-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
6/SECONPS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NOT STATER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
4
1.6
2
4.8
6.4.
3
3
6
6 12.8.00 12.8
5
0
5.3
0.0
3.2
4.8
4.8
2
3
5.3
0.0
3.2
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
4.3.10.6.14.9
3.2
12
10
22
4.3
19.4.16. / 35.5
8
2
3.2
4.8
2
15
23.12.9. 24.2311
2
2./
18.9. 4.2
23./
3
2
2.1
4.2
18
122
3.2
3.2.
44
0000. 0.0
1./.
0.0 11
00. 0.000
0.0
1.6
1.6
0.00
0,0
0.0
2
3
0.0
D.R
0.0
0.0
2./
11. 3.2
0. 0. 0.2
0 0.0
00. 0.0
Z
0
0,02
20.00
11.3
0.0/L3
0.0
1.6 1.6
21.
0 21
2
0
33.9
0.0 33.9
10
15
0
10
H6.l
0.0 1l./
0.0
2
0
0
0.0. 00
2
4.2
0.0 4.2
20
20
21.1
0.0. 21.1
2.1
1/ 2.2
0 15
24.2
0.0 24.2
25
2.1
25 53.21
2
L.L.
0.0 53.2,24
2 3.2
24
25.3, 0.0. 253
0.0. 3.2
2
3
1.6
3.2 4.8
H 8.5
0.0
8.5/4
14.14.7
0.0 147
44/862710.29.0100. 39 23 62 629371100|401
7 4785-1149-100669 95190595100
TABLE AL02
EVALKATION
DE ALL SIGHTINGS EDE ALL YEARS
BY NUMBER DE OBJECTS
PER SIGHTING
FOR DURATION
OF
SIGHTING, ELEVEN OR
MORE OBJECTS
5 SEGONDS OR LESS
6-10 ECONDS
1/-30 JECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain| Doubtful" Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain] Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful, Total Certain Doubtful] Total
0
0,0
0.0.
0.0
333,333
0
0
D.0
00L
00
0.0
0.0
10.D
10.0
0.D
l.0
0.0
0.0 33.3333
0.0
30.0
33,3
0.0
0.0
0.0
20.0.
0.0 33.3
D.0
0.0. 0.0
12,5
0.0 12,5.
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
D.0
0.0
0.0
333
0.0
0.0
0.0,33.3
0.0
33.3,33.3
H.
0.0 50.0
0.01
0.0
0,0
3
30.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.D
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
D.D
0
0.0
0.D
0.0.
0,0
0,01
33,3 33.3
0.0. 0.0
3 ° 33
3.30.0
0.D.30.0
0
DiD
0.D
00.0
0.0
1. 0.0.
00 00€
3
0.0 00
0.000
0.0,00
0
0
3 375 0.0375
0.0.
0.0. 0.0
Z 3/070.030.0100
2
З 166.7.33.3/00.
0. 3. 3/0.01000/00.81
018 1000 0.0100
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16- insuffic no.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9Other
Total
4/ SECONOS - 5 MINUTES
6:30 MINUTES
OVER 30, MINUTES
-DURATION NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total" Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul | Total
0,
0.0
0.0
0.0
712,5 0.0125
0V 00 00
- 0.0
000000
9.1
/ 0.012.5125
- 0 20,0.
0.0 20.0
45 00.45
D00SDOON
9.1
2
0.0.18.2182
0.0 0.0, 0.0
000~
9.L
0.D92
0.0 0.D
0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0, 00 00
4 364 0.0 36.4
273 0.D.273
LUDLOOND
00.0
0.0, 0.0
2250
2.0.250
0
2.0
0.0 0.0
0 eD
0.0. 0.0. 0
/ 125 00125 0
0 00. 00.00
3 375. 0.0375.20
0000001
1.0 33
33-
00. 4.54.5
VODON
3.3
0.0 3.3
888
0.0. 0.0
0.0, 0.0
3.3
00, 33
20 66.7
0.0 66.7,
e 00 00 00
01
00 33. 33
Not 000
00 00 00
00.00.00
00 00 00
2
9.1. 00/9.1
9 409. 0.0.409
2
9.1.0.0.9.1
83// 72.727.31001
718183572510028230933 671001211
122 5.5 4.5100
233

===== PAGE 243 =====
{"alpha_words": 134, "chars": 2024, "method": "ocr", "page": 243, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircsaft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic Into.
1-Psychological
4Othes
Total
IBBLE A 203
EVALVATION OF ALL SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY NUMBER DE OBJECTS
PER
SIGHTING FOR DURATION OF SIGHTING
5 SECONDS OR LESS
6-10 SECONOS
1-30 STON, UMBER.
OF OBJECTS NOT STATED
31-60
SECONOS
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubkful, Total Certain DoubtiulTotal
0
2.
00.0.0. 00
L
< 50.0 0.0 50.0
0
10.0000
26700.100-7
00.0
0.00.0
1 0.0 33.3 33.5
50.01
0.050.0
Q
0.0 .0.0
0 00 0000
0. 0 0.0. 00
0.
R.D
0.00.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0. 0.0
0.0 0.0
1000000 1000
000 00 00
0.0 02.00
0 00 00 00
e000000
20000.00
00
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
20:00
0
0.0.00
0.000 00
Q
2.02
O.O.
0.0
0.0
0.0
20 00
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.00
0.0
0000
2
3 66.133.3100.
2
2 100.00.0100
L
1100d v00d0.0100.
Evatuation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Ptienom.
4Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic. Into.
T-Psychological
18-Unknown
9Other
Total
61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES.
6:30. MINUTES
OUER 30 MINUTES DURATION NOT STATED
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Certain | Doubtful Totall
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Fertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtiul Totall
2
2 33.3. 0.0. 333
0
0.0 33.3 333
000 00 00
/ 27 00 27
000000
00 00 00
1. 8.3 0.083
2
2
33.3 0.0333
0.0 0.0
.0.0
167 00 .16.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
33.3333
0.0. 00. 0.0
00 00 00
0200 00 0
0
0.0. 00.00
16.7. 0.016.7
0.0 00.00
000.00.00
040
2
0.
00
0.0 00
3
250. 0.0 25.0
10.0
0.0. 0.0
16.1
0.0 16.7
0.000. 00
0.0
0.0 0.0
0
00 00.00
< 33.3. 0.033.3
5
5
41.7
0.0 41.7
00 00 00
0 00 0000
8.3
10.0.8.3
000004
12, 29.7 2.7 32.4
A 2.7 8./ 10.8
0.0. 2727
2 54. 00.54
127. 0027
8 21.6 0.021.6
100 21 27
6 16. 2 0.0 16.2
1. 2.7 00 27
6
100.0 00 100
2
3 66.7/33.3100.112
0 12 V0000.0100|31|
6/37/83.8/16.2100.
234

===== PAGE 244 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 4847, "method": "ocr", "page": 244, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
.A-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
&- Unknown
s-Othes
Total
TABLE A204
_EVALUATION
DE UNIT SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY NUMBER DE OBJECTS
PER SIGHTING
FOR DURATION
DE SIGHTING,
ONE
OBJECT
5 SECONOS OR LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30
SECONOS
31-60
SECONDS
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
PerCent
Certain Doubtfül| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubiful | Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
3
3
6.
10 2.0
3
3
38.5
33.8.723
6 2.1
2.1
5.4
3
51.3
6, 91.8. 36 5.4
115/0/216
36
9.
10
19
4.9
7.6 14.5
12/ 57 324189
38.
12 50 226 7./ 29.7
10.7
4.6 15.3
16
15
31
5.4
5.0 10.4
/3
14
20
10 23.11.1
9,0
20.1
25 25-50 149 14.9 298
2
0.7
0.9
23
0
0.0.01
0
41
1313
109
.00
₴ 06. 06.12
18
0
0
13.7
0.0
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
000.0
0000 else
00 00 00
0.0
Q.0 0.0
0.0
0.3.0.3
0 0 00 0000
0
D
4.0
2
2
0.0.1.2 12
U
0.000
0.0 4.0
0 6,5.4
00
5.4
014.83
0.0. 8.3
009
14
3
/
10
0.0. 0.0
1.8 0.6. 2.4
2
10
0.0
1.6
19
0.2
0.0
0.2
0 19.64
0.0
6:4
16
0
2
15,00
15
0 1614.4
0.0 14.4
28
1.0
0 20 16 7, 00/167
34
34260,00
26.0
3 10.23
3.3
2
0'
2. 1.8
0.018
4
2 24 30.54
3
2
5 23. 15
13.8
176123299589411100
77. 34111 694. V16) V16 52/68/69.031.0100.951
36 13/ 72.5.27.5100.
a-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0 ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
90ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-Insulfic nto.
i7-Psychological
8-Unkromn
Total
61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Number
DUBATION NOT STATED
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Totai Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubthul" Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Totai Certain
| Doubtful Total
46.30. 76/5610.225:8
57-
37.94
183
111.9 30.2
27
//38 21.4
8.7 30.1
42. 23, 65
8,8
4.8.13.6
10 18 27 3.4 61
32
/1 43 10,3
3.5/3.8
26
11:37.206
8.Z 29,3
84
5513917.6
56
11.5291
36 33 69 12.211.2 23.4
26,
27.53
8.4
8,9,17.3
13
48.10.4. 44 26 70 92
5,514.7
2
ZA7
01,24
7
4
- 11 23
1.3 3.6
20.0
1.6. 1.6
0.6
0.2, 0.8
000000
000.0.000
0.0
0.2 0,4
3
1.0
20.3
0.0
0,2
0.3. 0.6
0.8
0.D. 0.8
21
4
0.010
21
1.1
0. 0 11.23
0 23
7.4
0.0
7.4.
6.4.8
0.0. 4.8
90
0 0 17
0.0. 02
0.0/8.7
2
0
1.4
0.1 2.1
82 21.9
0.0 279 61
92.9
00
29
3.2
0.0. 32
5
1.0
0.0 18
6/ 19.6
0.0 19.6
1415./
0.015.1
79
• 79.16.6
0.0.16.6
9.
3
12
3.1
10 41
15, 3.5
1.3 48
4.
2, 6 3,2
16 4819
3 22 40
0.6 46
2111 83 294 21.8 28.2100.
1227 84 311 73.0, 27.0100.
94.32.126746/254100. 368/09 477771.22,9.100.
TABLE A205
EVALVATION
DE. UNIT
SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
BY NUMBER DE OBJECT
PER
SIGHTING.
FOR
DURATION DE SIGHTING
TWO OBJECTS
5 SECONDS
OR LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONOS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain] Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtrui! Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfull
Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
0.0. 0.0
/
3. 4 42 125/67
0
0
00
DEONOODLA
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
3
5
H
6725.0.31.2
2
0.0.
16.1.16.7
00
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
11. /1./
62/88 25.0
4250
20. 0.2 0.7
8.3.33.3
D
00
0.0.
0.0. 0.0
0.0
OD
0.0 .
00000
0.0
0.D 0.0
2125
0.0.
0.0 125
0.0
83
0.0.00
4-25.0 0.0250
0
5
00
00
5 H.7
0.0. 0.0
0.0.4.7
WNNO009
5 Д
25.0.20.8458
08
0.0
0,0
0 0 00
0.0
0.D
4.
0
/// 33.3.44.4
D.0
11.1
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
8,3
0.0
10
0.0 83
3 53 00,83
2
0. 0.0 00. 0.0
0.0, 00
1 2 42 42 8.4
8.
1650050.0100.
3 121750125.0100.
15
912462513751100
DODOs
5
0.l
00
0.0 0.0
11.1
0.0. /1.1
0.0
0.0. 0.0
2222
0.0 22.2
0. 0.0
0.0. 0.0
9 44.455.6/00.
6l SECONDS- 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
DURATON NOT STATED
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
7.13
11.8.13.7 25.5
4 10 140 9.323.3
13
9ND00
0
0,0
3
4 231-
7.7, 308
3
2
5
6.0
4.0 10.0
0.0. 0.0
5 47 20|17
| 77 00 77
2
5
6.0.
4.0 10.0
// 24.25521.647.L
8
5.5.H 23.138.5
H 14 20.0
8.0.25.0
0.0
3
0.0 70
NODD
0.0
000.0
0.0
0.0
2.0. 0.0
3.9
0,0,39
2
1202040
aNOT
1.0
• DO
0 00 00 00
0 00 0.000
0. 00. 00.00
4Z 0.l H
0 2154 0.0154
0 0.0
0.0. 0.0
000. 00.00
0v00
00
8.15.7
0.0.15.7
> 1H
0.014.0
17 0071
12
2|39
0.0. 3.9
37L
0.0,70
0 0 00 00 00
N000000
20
0.0 2.0
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
D.D. 0.0
140
0.0 14.0
0,0
0.0 0.0
12240
0.024D
6 80
H.O 12.0
32. /9.51627373100.1
28_
15 43165.1|34.9/100
9
#: 13692308100
140. 1050800200100.
235

===== PAGE 245 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 4264, "method": "ocr", "page": 245, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
if Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
S Other
Total
TABLE A 2Ql
EKALUATION.
OF UNIT
SIGHTINGS FOR ALL
-HERES BY NUMBER DE OBJECTS
PER
SIGHTING
5 SECONOS OR LESS
FOR
DURATION OF SIGHTING, THREE TO TEN OBJECTS
6-10 SECONRS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubthil Total
Certain Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful Total
2
2
7./
7.!
0
0.0.
0.0
D
0.0
4.8 4.8
Del.
0.0. 0.0
3/0.7
0.0/0.7
0.0. 0.0
7. 179. 2.1,25.0
0.0. 36, 36
6
2/ 143 2114
0,0, 0.0
10.0
0.0. 7L
0.0
0.0. 0.0
5 129, 0.0179
2.71
0.0 71
O4A0ONW
0.0
3.30.0
0.0300
0000-N
12
10.020.020.01
/
00, 10.0.10.0
0.0
0.0 00
10.D
D.0
0.D 100
130.0
0.V 0.0
0.D30.0
О.D
0.0
0.0.
0V0001090
/
0,0 48 4.8
381.14.3524
0.0
10, 00
0.0
0.0 4.8
0.0, 0.0
0.00
00
0.0 0.0
33.3
0.0. 0.0
0.0
33,3
0.0 00, 0.0
01D00-0a0
0.0
6.%
6,7
00000-
No00N
HOO
6.7.46.7
0.0
6.7. 6.7
6.2
6.7.13.4
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.D
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0. 0.0
- 26
0.0.267
0.0
0.0. 0.0
119
9 2867.1321/00
7
310700 30.0100.
16
5 21 76.223.8100.
//
|# 15 73.3267100.
Evaluation
10-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
48irds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aiscraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
gother
Total
EL SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
PHENT
4-30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain
Doubtful! Total
Certain
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
DURATION NOT STATER
Number
Per Cent
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtal Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total
a DA
3
22
6.78.9
3
6
5,410.8
2
2
0.0
4444
5,4
0.0
5
8 14 13.3 17.8 31/
2
22
44
6.6
0,0
0.0
0.0
9.17
2
7
0.0
0.D
2
14.316./31.4
0.0
3.6.72
118
0.0
0.0
О.Д.
0.0 13.3
0.0
D0O
6135
10
12.
0.0
17.9
22 22
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0000040
516,7
0.016.7
51
0
5
B.2
0.0. 62
6.7.16.7.23.4
3
33
3
0.0.
3.8.38
0.0 3.3
# 2/212
5.0.26.2
0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 00
0.0 00
7
33%
T
D.D
0.0, 3.3
3.3 33
14
15268,
112
18
10010
1.2
00 17
112
0.0
12, 24
0.0. 0.0
19.23.8
0.0.23.8
014311
22022,5
12
11224
1.8
0.0 268
0 12 40.0
0.0 0.0
|18.22.5
0.0. 22.5
1.22
0.0. 2.2
/
2
3
3.6. 5.4
3
0..
3 10.0
0.0.10.0
9
9. 11.2
0.0 11,2
1291645644356 100.3917-5669.630.4.100.
24.
6.30 800.20.0100.
71
98088811.21/00.
TABLE A207
EVALUATION
DE UNIT
SIGHTINGS FOR ALL VEARS BY NUMBER DE OBJECTS
5 SECONOS
PER
SIGHTING
FOR
DURATION
OF SIGHTING,
ELEKEN OR
MORE
OBJECTS
OR LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONOS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubttull Total Certain
Number
[Doutful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Mumber
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total
0,0
0.0
0,0
0
0.0.
0.0
00
00
0.0
00
0.0
0.0
0.0. 10.0 10.0
0.0
50.050.0
0.0
0.0
10.0.20.0 30.0
D.0
0.0,
0.0
00
0.00.0
50.0
0.0
0.0 50.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
О.Д.
2.D. 0D
00.
30,0
О.D
00
00 30.0
0.0
0.0 0.0.
330.0
0030.0
00. 00. 00
000
0.0
0.0
0.0
888
U.0
00 0.0
00 0.0.
00000000
0.0
0.0
33.3333
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0, 0.0
0.0 333 33.3
OD
1.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.033.3 333
0.0L
0000000
14.3
0.0
0.0 143
0.0. 0.0
42.9
0.0
0.0 429
0.0
0.0
0.0
10.0
0.0-
0.0
0.9 00
429
0.0
D.D. OD
Z 3, 10700, 300100.1
72 500.50.0100.1
0. 3.3/0.0/00.0100.
7
17100.0 0.0.100.
l/ SECONOS - 5 MINUTES
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenome
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
7-Psychalogical
9-0tto
Total
1
00,
0.0
0.0
0,0.
10.010.0
0.0 20.020.0
0.0
10.0
O.D
0.0
0.0.10.0
0.0
0.0.
300
0.0
0.0:30.0
300.00.30.0
23/10/20030.0.100.
1040100100
Z
6-30 MINUTES
12.5
0.0125
0.0
00
0.0./25.125
0.0.
0.D 0.0
225.0
0.0. 250
0
0,0
000
00.0 00, 0.0
1125 00125
0001D
15.0
500.
0 00 0.0. 0.0
3 30 00 9 /3
OVER 30 MINUTES
000000\00
DURATION NOT STATER
00
0.015.0
B08858
5.0
88
0.0
00
65.0 0.065.0
0 0 09 00 00
0.0)
5.0
5.0
2N900001a
0000000100
N9000 D
0,0
0.0. 0.0
5.3
0.0 5.3
0.U 53. 53
00. 0000
0.0
0.D
0.0
20 00
31.6
0.0 31.6
10.5
0.0 10.5
368
0.0 36.8
2/05 00/05
718167572.5/00.18 2/2090010.0/00178. 21191947 53100.
236

===== PAGE 246 =====
{"alpha_words": 144, "chars": 2100, "method": "ocr", "page": 246, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
a Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6- Insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
2-Other
Total
TABLE A 208
ENALNATION DE UNIT SIGHIINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY NUMBER DE RAJECIS
PER SIGHTING FOR DURATION DE SIGHTING, NUMBER OF OBJECTS NOT STATED
5 SECONDS
DR LESS
6-10 SECONOS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONOS
Rumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubttul] Totaf Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Cortain Doubtful | Total
2.0
667
0.0.
0.0
/ 50.00
0.0.66.2
0
0.033.333.3
0D
00L
0.l 0.0
0.0.
00. 0,0
0.0
00. 00
00.
20. 0.0
00/0
2
0,0
De.
0.0
0,0
0
00.
Q0
4,0
О,Д.
366.733.3100
ADL
000000
2
2 0|2/000
0.0\500
0.0
D.D
0.0
50.0
0.0
00
0.0 50.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.D
0,0
0.0.
0.0
000,00
88888
0.0
P.D
0.0
100.0
.0
201000
0.0
О.D
0,0
0.0
O.D.
0.0
0.0
00
0.D
0.0
0,0
0.0
0,0
O.D
1.0.0
0.0
0.01
DD.
0.0100.
100.0
0.0/00.
0-Balioon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Lipht Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-insuftic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unksow
9-0ther
Total
4 SECONOS - 5 MINUTES
6-30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Number
OVER 30 MINUTES
DURATION NOT STATEO
Doubtful Total Certain Doubthal Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful | Total
2
0
2 40.0
0.0 40.0
- 001
D00L
000000000
0.0 00.00.
1.200. 0020.0
/ 200. 00200
0. 00. 00.00
0 00 00 00
/ 200 0.020.0
0.0. 00, 00
0,0 00, 0.0
0.0 00, 00
01000-0100
0000000001
0033.3333
0.0. 00
00 0.0
8 08 00 e0
/ 33.3 0.033.3
0.0
0.0 0.0
00
00, 00
в 0.0 0.000
/ 33.3 0.0 333
0 00 00 0.0
ANONONODNO
00
| 0.0 0.0
3.0. 2.03.0
000000000
12,5
- 00125
0 00 00 00
2 00 00 00
2 250 00 250
0 00 00 0.0
2250 0.0250
e 00 00 00
225.0
..0.D25.0
4000001
12 33.3 3.0363
3.0
9.1 12.1
010001
100N
00 3,0, 30
2.0.
0.0 0.0
0.0
0.0 00
242. 00242
0.0, 3.03.0
5 15.2 0.015.2
/ 125 00/25
1310 00:30
5 0 51/000
0.0100,
3 66.733.3100. 8. 08 V00D. 0.0100.27 6|331818.18.2100
237

===== PAGE 247 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 4801, "method": "ocr", "page": 247, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronamical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
GInsulfic ho.
7-Psyctological
2-Othe
Total
TABLE.
& 202
EVALUATION
OF OBJECT SIGHTINGS FOR ALL YEARS BY NUMBER OF OBJECTS
PER
SIGHTING.
EOR DURATION DE SIGHTING,
ONE
OBJECT
5 SECONDS OR LESS.
6-10 SECONOS
11:30 SECONOS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
He CHANT
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubttul! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total | Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
3
6| 13| 13 26
2
5.22
3.35.5
3.
5
8
2.2 3.6,5.8
9
26
17 43 28.6.18.7473
24
9.
5
18
14
7.5
25/5.0
827715935.032967.9
9 33 173, 65238
29
60. 12.412
7,57
42/1.7
8
20 13.2
8.8.220
22 23 45 15.8 165 32,3
23
15
38.
192125317
2
: 0.9
10/0
10
0.9
0.0.
00.
00.
0.0
0.0
О.H
0,4-
10
43
0,0
15
0.9
6.4
0.0.
00
6,4
00/00
14
000000
0a00
0.0
0.7
0.7. let
00, 00
0.0
0.9
0,0 0.0
00. 00
0.0
0.D
0.0
2
2
0.0
0.0
Ift.
1. 4-
0.0 00
6b.
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
14.15.4
0.0
25
013,
9:4
0.0 9,4
10
83
1.4
0.7. 2.1
2
0.0 83
17
0.0 17
0.0.15.4
0 25 18.0
3
10
3.0
43
00 8.033
33
0.0 275
13
222
27,5
0.0. 2.2
4
4
8, 29
29, 5.8
3
2
5
25
17,42
136.98.23458/419 100. 63 28 91 69.230.8100.
94. 45139676324100. 893/12074225.8/00.
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
B- Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
(2-Aireraft
3-Light Phences.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-insuffic. Into.
I-Psychological
8-Unknown
9Othes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3 Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic Ito.
7-Psychological
&-Unkrown
9-0tber
Total
61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
6:30 MINUTES
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
Number
QURATION NOT STATEO
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain] Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain
• Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubttu!
Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total
44, 29,
73 16.4.10.8274.
55
31
86.19.9
11.23/
23
34
204
9,7 30.
32
18
53
9.4 4.6 140
6
8 14 22
3.05.2
29.
1! 40./0.5
AO 145
23
10.3320.4
8.8.292
49
10.4 228.
37
3L
_63 11.911.6.235
26
23. 49.
9.4
8.317.7
3,57
9,7
4
1.57
A4 1.9
6
Z
3
22
1.1
33
2
6.2
1,8
1.8
37
3
25
D
9012,4
9.4
6.3.15.2
0.8
0.8
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.3
03. 06
18
3
2
3
0.0
0.0
1.1 1.1
0.4
0.4
0.8
0.9.
0.0
09
0.3
0.0.03
0.0. 6.7.
20.
0 201
1,2
0.0:
3.2
72
5
4:4
0.D H.4
87.221
0.022/
1.5
0.7.22
0
0.D 3.2
4
4
35
0.03.5
5
5
1,3
0.0, 1.3
76.28.4
0.0284 48
4817.3
0.0.173
17
0
1715.0
0.015.0
69
6917.5
0.0175
10|3.4
04. 38
3
14 4.0
11 5.
4
2
3,5
1.85.3
17
3
2043
0.8 5.1
(93-75-268720280100.2051
72278740260|100,
841
29113 743257100.
306
88 394-77.7. 223/00,
TABLE A210
EVALUATION
DE OBJEET SIGHTINGS
FOR ALL YEARS
BY NUMBER OF OBJECTS
PER
SIGHTING
FOR DURATION
SIGHTING
TWIR
ORJECTS
5 SECONOS OR LESS.
6-10 SECONOS
11-30 SECENeS
31-60
SECONDS
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful|
Total
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total
[Certain| Doubtful |
Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
13.0173
0.0
0.0
0.0
3
3
L
0
2
0
0
4. 0
0.0.
18.218.2
4
43
4 67 20.0 247
2 0.0
0.0
0.0 0.0
26.2
L
0.0 11./
11./
6.7 20.0
# 27.3
0.
9. / 36.4
5
26./.21.7 478
0.0
3
L
67
0.0
4
11./ 33.3 444.
0.0
0.0
67
0.0
0.0
0.О 11:1
0
0.0.
00
1.0
D
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
//./
R.0
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.01
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0
0.0
2 /3.3
0.0 /3.3
9.1
0.0
0.0
9.
87
0,0
8.7
0.0
10.0
0
11.1
0.0 111
e ee 00 00]
0. 0.0
00 0.0
2
8.7
0.0. 87
0 Du 0.o 0.0
4267 0.026.7
4 36.4. 0.036,4
0
87.
0.0. 8.7
0 2 222 0.0.224
2 00 00,00
0 00 00 00
43
43. 8,6
0 0 R 00 00 0.0
8
77553346.7100.1
81
31/1727273100.74
91231609391100.
519 44455.61100
61 SECONDS - 5 MINUTES
Number
6-30 MINUTES
Number
OVER 30 MINUTES
Number
DURATION NOT STATER
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
11 13.6. 11.4 250.
5T
3.
8 13.9. 8.3222
3
4 250. 8.3.333
2
4
43
43
18.6
l 00 00 0.0
2
3
5.5.6
83 139
0 0 0.0 0.D 0.9
3
4.3 10,8
13
2/ 21.5/8.247.7
5
65
5167250417
- 19,6
6.5 26/
2
100/00
5
1013.713.9278
3/7
в со
0.0. 0.0
3
3 8і3
0.0'
8.3
20 00 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
2,2
2,7
0 0.0 0.0 0.0
Z
0.0
00, 0.0
Наб
00
0.0
0.D 2.0. 0.l
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0. 4:5
23.4.6
0
L
2,3
0.015.9
23 00 z:
3.
00000
0 00
0.0. 0.0
00 00 00
0.0
0.0. 0.0.
\ 28 0028
16.7. 0.0 16,7
0.0 15.7
0 0.0 00. 00.
00 0.0. 00
6/6.7
00/67
83
0.0 8.3
в 1 30
00 00
0.0 23.9
3 83 00.83
00, 0.0 00.
4-
1Z
8.7
4313,0
30 74. 4468.231.8100.251
11136694306100.8 412669333 100. 37. 9 146814/9.6100.
238

===== PAGE 248 =====
{"alpha_words": 263, "chars": 4434, "method": "ocr", "page": 248, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
11- Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
, 6- Insuffic Info.
1-Psychological
|8- Unknow
sOther
Total
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
A Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6- Insuffic. into.
7-Psychological
B-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
A Birds...
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insuffic. info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15 Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insultic Into
7-Psychological
&-Unknomm
Total
TABLE ADUL EVALUATION DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS EOR ALL YEARS BY NUMBER DE OBJECTS
PER
SIGHTING FOR
DURATION DE SIGHTING
THREE TO TEN
5 SECONAS OR LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
OBJECTS
31-60 SECONOS
Humber
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain_ Doubtful Total
Number
Pertain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
_Certain [Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful (Total
2
2
00. 11.2.1
0 0
0.0
0.0
53
5.3
0.0
3
5
2
2
0
5
2
19
3
0.0
00
00
107. 0.010.7
0.0
5.3
53
2
1.0
}
111.2
0.0
7.1 25.0
2
0.0
0.0
0.0222
Z
40.0
6.7
6,7
172
10.
368.15.8626
6.7 H6.7
3.6. 3.6
2
0.0.22.2222
0.0
0.0 00
0.0
N
6.7
6.7
6.7
7.1.14.3.214
5.3
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.053
0,0
6.7
134
0 00 00 00
0.0
2 D
0.0
0.000
0.0
0.0
2
11. 00.11
0.0111
• 0
00.00
00 00. 00
, 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
00,00. 00,00
0.0
5 179. 0.0179
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0.0
1.0
3
3
33.3
0.0 33.3
в 316 0.0 3
267
0.0.267
2
21 00 71
0.0
0.0. 0.0
00 200
0
0.0
0,0
2 2867.932.1100
3
966733.3100.
5/9173.126.3V00.
1573.326.7100.
Lel SECONOS - 5 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
6-30 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
OVER 30 MINUTES DURATON NOT STATED
Number
Certain Doubttil Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful
Total Certain | Doubthul| Total
12242448
2
3
53.8 5.896
3
3120
0.0 12,0
4
0
61.00. 61
2
2 00 4.94.9
0.00.00,00
8 14 14.6 19.5, 341
N
9 16 00 10 300
5
7
8.0 20.0 28.0
3
3
0.0.4.514.5
0
0.0 00 0.0
13
4.17
19.7 61 25.8
3 2.44.8 1.2
2 3 344812.
4.3.8 3.8. 7.6
0
0.0.
0.D 00
/ 001.9 19
0.0
D.D. 0.0
2
1.5
10.0 15
000 00000
0. 5 12.2 00 12.2
00000 se
0
0.0
1.5
1.5. 3.0
0.0 0.0
0.0.
0.0 00
T
0024,24
618 19200192
40
0.0
1430
15
0.15 22.7. 0.0.227
0000000
0.0 H:D 40
1.5
1.5
13
0 13 311 00 317 13
L
3.0
0 13 350 00 250.10
e 1l 400
0.0 400 16
0 16
O L
2400241 2319 38 51
24.200
24.2
0 3 120. 00 120 b
9100
27. 1441659341 00 35 17526733271001
L9.2517602401001579 6251760240100157966864136100
TABLE ALIK
EVALUATION
PER
_DE OBJECT SIGHTINGS FDR ALL VEARS BY NUMBER OF OBJECTS
SIGHTING
EOR DURATION DE SIGHTING, ELEVEN OB MORE
OBJECTS
5 SECONDS OR LESS
6-10 SECONOS
11-30 SECONOS
SECONOS
Number
Pet then
recentl
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubitul Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubthul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total
0 00 00, 00
0.0 50.0 50.0
0.0
01D00L
2
0.0.
0.D. 00
00 00 00 0
0 0.0
- D.D.
00.33.3 33.3
3. 143.28.6429.
1 50.0
0.050.0
0 0.0.
0.0 0.0
0.0 0.0.00
100
0.00
1.0
0.0
0 00.
0.0
0,0
0D CID. 0.0.
1.14.3
D.0 143
0 00 00 001
000
0.0
2.0
00
0-
0,0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0.
3429 00 429
3 0 0 20 0000 0
0 00
0.0
0.D
00000000
0.0
0.0. 00
20
0.0. 00
00 333 333
0.0 00
0.0 0a 00
Z. 0.0333 333
A0
0.D.
00000000D
0.D
000
0.0.
0.0
240.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
0.D
0.0
0.0.
0.0
1.040.0
0,0.
00
360.01
_ 00 60.0
0. 00
0.0 0.D
0. 01
0.0 0.0 00 0
0 0 00 00. 00
5 2 77.4286100/ / 12500500 100.
33| 00/000/00 5 0 5 100.0 0.0100.
61 SECONOS - 5 MINUTES
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful
Total Certain | Doubtful Total
2.
e
0.0.
0.0, 0.0
14000000
40001011
00. 10.0,/0,0
0.0. 200.200.
00. 00 00
10.0 00 10.0
00 00 00
00
00. 00
0.0 el. DD
30.0
0,0 30.0
3 300 0.0|30.0
71
31070.030.0/00.
6-30 MINUTES
/ 125 00125
000000001
1. 0.012,5125
20e 0010
k 250. 0025,0
0.0
1 00
2_00
00, 00
/ 125
0.0175
D 0D
0.0 De.
3375
00 375
0.0.0
1.0 0.0
8 87.5125 100.73
OUER 30 MINUTES
- DURATION NOT STATEO
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful | Total
L0000D0LO
Ол
3.200. 0.0.20.0
0.0
_67 67
6.7
0.0. 6.7.
0.0
0.0. 00.
2.0
00 0.0
0.0L
0.0. 00
1e.7 0.0 67
5 53.3
0.053.3
1 0.0. 6.7. 6.7
2 1586.713.3 100.75
00.
0.0 0,0
6,2
0.0. 6.2
-Na 0000
00/00000z
0.0
6.2. 6,2
0.0
i U.0
00
0.0. 00
00. 00
6 37.5
_ 0.0 375
3/25 10/2i2
212
0.0. 31.2
62, 08 6.2
1693,2. 6,21/00.
239

===== PAGE 249 =====
{"alpha_words": 147, "chars": 2126, "method": "ocr", "page": 249, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenome
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insutfic no.
7-Psychalogical
9-Other
Total
TABLE
A213
EVALMATION
DE OBIECE SIGHTINGS EOR ALL YEARS BY MUMBER. OF OBJECTS
PER
SIGHTING FOR DURATION DE SIGHTING, NUMBER DE OBJECIS NOT STATED
5 SECONOS
De LESS
6-10 SECONDS
11-30 SECONDS
31-60 SECONDS
Number
Per Cent
Herber
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful|" Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfil Total Certain | Doubtiul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthil Total
Certain Doubtful (Total
0
в0.
0,0
00
500
0.0 500
0.0
00
0.0
0.0. 0.0
50,0
0.0500
0.0
0.0.0.0
0050.0500
00
0,0
20.
0
00.
0,0
0,0
0,0
0,0
D
- 0
00
0,0
0,0
00
OP
00
00 00
00000
000000/00
500
0.0
0.0
0.0 50.0
0.0
0.0
0,0
0,0
00-
0.0
О.0.
00
0.0
0.0
0.0 100.0
0.0
100.0
0.0
00
1250050.01100.
D000
0.0
0.0
ZV00.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0.
0.0
D.D.
0.0/00.
0.0.
0
0.D
0.0
/ 100.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
О.0
0.D. 0.0
D.D 100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenoms.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E-insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
61 SECONOS - 5 MINUTES
l-30 MINUTES
OVER 30.
MINUTES
DURATON NOT STATER
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain| Doubtul Totat Certain | Doubtful Total Certain| Doubthul| Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doibtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
DON DOLON
0.0,40.0.
0.0, 333333
0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
00 0.0. 0.0
000000000
0.9
00. 0D
/ 20.0 0.0.200
- 20.0. 0.0.20.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
0.0
0.0. 0.0
20.0
0.0 200
0.0. 0.0. 0.0
0. 0.0
0.0. 0.0
0 00 00 0.0
5 0. 5 1000
0.0100.
010000-00
2
0
0.0
0.0 0.0
/ 143
10.34.6 3.8.38.4.
0.0.
0.0, 00
3 0 3333
00.00
. О.0
00 0.D
0.0
00 0.0
0 0.0 0.0 0.0
1 33.3 0.0 33,3
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
/ 366.733.3.100.
_NONONDD
70
000000000
00
0.0 143
00. 00. 0.0
00. 0.0.0.0
2. 28.6 0.028.6
00. 00. 00
2286 0.0286
• 0
0.0 00 0.0
14401
0.014.3
/ 143 0.0/43
000000
3.8. 3.8. 7.6
0. О 3.8. 3.8
0.0
0.0: aD
0.D 0.0. 0.0
30.8
0.030.8
AD 3.8 3.8
11.5
0.0 11.5
3.8. 00.3.8
7/000 0.0/00. 22 # 26184.615.41100.
240

===== PAGE 250 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 4048, "method": "ocr", "page": 250, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Baltoon
1- Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
E Insultic into
{7-Psychological
(8-Unkrown
13-Other
Total
TABLE ..
A214
ÉKALUATION
ALL
SIGHTINGS
EQR ALL YEARS BE
GEOGRARHIC
LOCATION
TOTAL
WORTH
AMERICA
Number
SOUTH
_AMERICA
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
EUROPE
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtfut Total Certain Doubtful Total" Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
270 179 449 8.4 5.6140 251 169420 84 5.74.2
200 00 00
475341816810.7 255-443329 712 14.911.1.260
0 4 40.0 0.0 40.0
354 288.642 11.1. 9.0.201 349 260 60311.6 8.8.204
0 2 20000200
122
3
5
/ 13
15.0 13 16.3.
18.8
16
3.в
63. 13.8 20.1
82 24 56 10 08 18 31 23 54 10 08
0 0 00 00.00
1 00 13 13
19 10.29. 06
03. 09 14 9 23 05
0.3
13 25. 0.4
04 08
0.8
0 0 00.0000
1 0.0. 1.3 13
9. 13. 22 03. 0.4
2.1
0 000.0000
0.l 0.000
298
0 298.93,
00. 93. 271
021/21,00
9.1
2
0 2 20.00.0 20.016
0. 16. 200 00.20.0
38
10. 4812
03. 1.5
138.
689
9 47 13 03
1.6
1 / 0010010.0
0 00 00 00
0689 215
00. 21.5638
e 638 2/.5
00 21.5
e / 100 0.010.014
0 14 11.5 0.0175
112. 35 147 3.5 11. 4.6.
97. 22. 119 33. 0.7.40
0 2 00 00 00
9 12 38.113 15.4
12299.900 3129 119.28.1100. 2135 834 2969719/28.1100.
/ 10 900100100. 53
27 80 663 33.8100.
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insultic. Info.
2-Psychological
8-Unknow
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircrat
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychological
& Unknown
90ther
Total
AERICA
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Number
AUSTRALIA
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful "Total
Serin Duboil Tol Certain out Tal Certain Duty To certain out Tod
15
2.0.13.
10.0.
40
18
/
5
3
4.
32
12
1
10.
25
15.7
6./ 21.8
7
40
14
3,5
87.12.2
8.28.0
4.0 32.0
200 280.280
0.9
0.00.9
10.0l
00.00
5
4.3
3
2.6
0.0.43
000. 00,00
0.0.2.6
4
3.5
000.20.00
0. 0. 3.5
520.0
0.0.20.0
00 00 0.0
0 00
0.0,0.0
A
0
32. 278. 00 218
416.0
0.0.16.0
16. 10.4 35 13.9
0 00 0200
86. 29.115 148. 25.2100.
16
9 25 640360100
TABLE
A215
EKALUATON
GEOGRAPHIE
_DE
UNIT
SIGHTINGS EOR
YEARS
BY
LOCATION
TOTAL
Number
NORTH AMERICA
SOVTH AMERICA
EUROPE
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total | Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
228.150.378.69
5.9148
214 143, 35190
6.015.0
0 00 00 00
382
256 638.15.0. 10.0250
359.246
605151 104 255
0.0 25,0
292. 235.527.11.4
9.2.20.6.281.213
2.25.0
494.11.9.
9.0 20.4
2
2 25.0
00 25.0
7
3.
5
8
10,9
1.6 12.5
4.7
63 U.0
8
13
1.8
12.5 20.3
32
21
53
1.3
3/
5/13 08
20.0
0.0
0,0
100 16 16
13
10.
23
0.б
2.1
0.5 0.4
0.9
20
20 05 0.4
2./
0.0
0.0.
0.0
7
10.
0.1
0.3
13
7
0.9
9 01 03
0.4
e
Like
0.000
0 a.0
0l 00
26/
0.26/10.2. 0.010.2236
0 23610.0 00100
25.0 0.0250
36
9 45 14.04.18
Зk
8 44 1.5.0.3
497
1.8
14
14 219
0.0. 21.9
/ 0.0 12.5 125
0 00 00 00
0.497 19.5 00.19.5455
0 45519.2 0.0 19.2
/ 125 00125 l
0 / 17.2 00 12.2
92. 28 120 36. 11 47 19 20 99 33 08 4.1
0000 alle
3.
9, 4.7. 9.4 14.1
1836 116 2552 11.2.28.1100 1104 bble 23/071.9 28.1.100.
1. 8|875/25100 43 21 64 61.2 32.8100.
ASIA
AFRICA
AUSTRALIA
Plumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Sportin lubt Tolar Coral out Total Certain outal Toal Certain cou Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
sother
Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
5
12
122
4
5
1.2
5.6.13.5
0
1 00 41
• 4?
17. 13.5
5.6.19.1
10
7.28.6
| 47 33,3
1445
11. 2. 15.2
1.1
4.00 19.019.0
00
0.01
e 00 00 00
2.2
2.2
e 00.00 00
00
1.1
000. 00.00
0
4
45. 00
0.0
45
5 238 00 238
0.0 00 00
26
26. 292.00.29.2
4 190 00,110
10
12.//.2.2.2.13.4
0 00 00 00
67 22 89 153.241.100
15
4 21 71.428.6100.
* SEE FOOTNOTE ON NEXT PAGE.
241

===== PAGE 251 =====
{"alpha_words": 139, "chars": 2174, "method": "ocr", "page": 251, "variant": "plain-vision"}
0-Balloon
¡1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
t-Birds
Is-Clouds, Dust, elc.
1E-Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
: 8-Unknown
sotter
Total
TABLE
A2lk
EVALLALION OF
OBJECI.
SIGHIINGS FOR ALL YEARS
BY
GEDGRAPHIC
LOCATION
TOTAL
Number
NORTH
AMERICA
SOUTH
AMERICA
EUROPE
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
NumDel
Per Cent
Certain Doubthul| Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain T Doubtful | Total
Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain | Doubtful| Total
Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
207. 13/
338
14 60 15.4
193. 126
319
9,5
6.2
15.7
0 00 000.0
8.
11.5
1.6 13./
274 205.419 12.5
474 12.1
9.3.21.8
255197
452/2.5
9.7 222
265. 209
9.5 21.6
254, 191
44512.5
9.4 21.9
e
0
2 25.0
0.0
' 25.0
3
4
2
0. 0 25.0
12
49
6. € 11.5
8.2
11.5
30
12
18
10
48
25.0
197
22
14
0.8 2.2
29
12
46
1.4
0.8
2.2
0.0
0.00.0
0.0
1.6
25 04 09
10
9
10
19
0.5
3
0.4
0.9
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.0
1.4
7
01.03. 04
0.1
0.3
0.4
0.0
0.0
0.0
Q
0,0
0.0
240
35
0.240 109. 00.109 215
0. 215106
2
14
434
441.6
10.6
25.0. 0.0.25.0
23.0
0.4.20
36
843
LT
0 434 197. 0.0. 197395
0 395 19.4
85. 24 109 39 11 50 74
17 22
0.4
0.0 19.4
0.8
44
0.0 12.5 /2.5
12.5
0.0
12.5
14
D
10
0.0
0
00
2.0. 00
10
8.
0.0
23.0
0.0
0.6
0.016.4
8.2.13.1
1/585 613 2198/72.1.27.9 100. 1462 512 2034 719 28.1.100.
8.8/5.12.5/00.42
49
19
6/ 68.9/ 31.1100
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
(3-Light Phenon.
A Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic. Into.
7-Psychofogical
8-Unknown
9-Other
ASIA
Number
Per Cent
HERICA
Number
Per Cent
Number
AUSTRALIA
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtul Total Certain) Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Number
Per Cent
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
3
10 93 40 13.3
100. 50.5.0
12 / 120.40.4.0
5
!
6 25.0 50 30.0
1153 93 16 0
4.0.0 20.0.20.0
113. 00.13
0.
000 00 00
2
2 27. 0021,
0D0 00 00
/ 1300130
0 000 00 00
0 4 53 0.0.53
5
5 25.0 00 25.0
0.
0. 00 00 00
24
0 24 320 0.0.32.0
4
20000000
0 4 20.0 00 20.01
8. 2 10 107 21134 0 0 0 00 00 00
Total
60/15 /15 /800.20.0100|14| 6 20700/300/100.
* TOTALS DO NOT AGREE
WITH PREVIOUS
TOTALS BECAUSE TWO SIGHTINGS OCIURRED AT UNKNOWN LOCATIONS.
242

===== PAGE 252 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 4061, "method": "ocr", "page": 252, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Baltoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aiscratt
7- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insultic info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknomn
sOther
Total
TABLE A217
EKALNATION DE ALL
SIGHIINGS
EDR ALL
YEARS
BY
NORTH AMERISAN
LOCATION
NORTH
AMERICA
UNITED
STATES
_CANARA
ALASKA
Number
Per Cent
Number
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubttul
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
251169420 8.4
57
14/
241 163 4041
5.8.14.4
4
443 329 71214.9
11.1260 403.310 113.144.
11./25.5
23
23.7
6 3/ 28.€
9.9
383
343 260 60311.6
54
10
88. 204. 329 256 58511.8
1.2
21.0
10
1/ 12.3
12
13,5
31 23
0.8
18
23| 52
1.0
0.8
1.8
0,0
0.0
14
9
0.5
0.8
29
23
0.3
14
8 22
0.5
0,3
e
0.8
L
1.2
1.2
2
12
3
Q
3 4.3
2./.b.4
1225.5
64
0.0.25.5
2./.
0.0
0.0
l.4
e
20
2.1
00
9. 13
22
0.3
0.4
0.1
12. 21
0,3
0.4
0.%
0
0 00
0.0
0.0
0.0
10212
0.0. 91 264
D.Q
38
9.
Я 47 1.3
0.3
1.6
37
0261
9.3
9 46, 1.3
9.3
638
0.3
1.6
0 638 21.5
00 21.5582
e 582 20.8
0.0
208
91 22 119. 33
07 40 88
2/ 109-
3.1
D.8
3.9
4
22
3
0
4.4.9
112
00.49
2
12
4.3
4.3
0,0
0.0
0.0
0. 22272
0
0. 0 27,2
0 22
46.8.00
0.0
46.8
437 12 49
22
e
· 8.5.00
8,5
2135 834 2969 71.9.28.1100. 1993. 8022795.113 28.7100.
518/81.5185100
46
1147 972 211100
Evaluation
0-Balloon.
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8- Unknown
-9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
i0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6- Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
MEXICe
HAWALL
Humber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total
2133
0.0 13.3
4 9.7 3.2 12.9
67 13.3.20.0
4
13 12.9 29.0 41.9
100
3 32 65. 9.7
L
L6.7
0061
0 00 00 00
0
2 0.0
0,0
000 00 00
20.0
0.0 00
2
| 00. 3.2 3.2
2.13.3
0,0 13.3
200 00 00
2.6.5
0.0 6.5
0,00
0.0 00
6 400 00 40.0
000
e
6 19.4
0.0 19.4
0.0 0.0
0
265
0.0. 6.5
12
3 15 20.0200100.
118
13 31581419100.
TABLE ALIE
ENALVATION
UNIT
SIGHINGS
FOR ALL VEARS
NORTH
AMELICAN
LOCATION
NORTH
AMERICA
UNITER STATES
CANARA
ALASKA
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtfuf Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total | Certain Doubtful Total
214 143 351
9.0
60
15.0 205. 137 342 92
6./ 15.3
359.246 605
15.
10.4
25.5
328 228 554147
10.2 24.9
3
4
4 2 50 6.7117
7 24 283 117 400
281
1213494
11.9
22
20.8. 272 210 48212.2
94
21.2
0 5. 83
0.0 83
2
3
5.9
2.9 8.8
26.5
0,0 265
3/20
51
1.3
0,8
20
0,5
0.4
0.8
29
20.49
8.8
0.0
8.8
0. 9
0 0.0
0.0 00
0, 0
2
2
8.19
1.3
2.2
0.5
9.
0.4
0.9
0
2.9
2.9
10.0
0.1
0.3
1.7
1.2
0.0
0.0 0.0
0.3 0.4
0.4.
00.0
0.000
0.0
0.0.00
236
0 236
110.0
00 100 226
0 22610/
0.0
101
4
0
4 67
0.0 l7
2
0
2
5.9
36
0.4
0.0.17
0
5.9
0.318
455
8.44
8, 43.
0.0 00 0.0
0 455 192.00./9.2418
0418.187 00 18.7
15
417
0 15 250 00 25.0 13
13 38.2. 0.0 382
19
20.99. 33 08 41
72
19 9/32 09. 41
2.
3,33. 4750
3
3 88 00-8.8
1704 leleb 23/0/119.28.1'100. 1598 636 22347/.5 28.5/00. |41
13 60 183 21.7100. |33
/| 34 97./ 2.9 100]
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknow
3-Other
Total
MEXICO
HAWALL
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtul| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful, Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Tota
8.3
0.0 8.3
3
2
4 10.0
3.3 13.3
8.3.14.7. 25.0
8.3.8.3.
13.13.3 30.0 43.3
10.0
0
8.3
0.0.8.3
3 33 67 10.0
0.0 00
0 00 00 00
0 00
Q
00000
0
0,0
0 0.0
00 00
1 0.0.3.3 33
16.70.016.7
2 17 0.0.67
0.0
0.0.00
0 00 0000
4
0
33.3
0.0 333
5 16.7 0.0.16.7
0 00. 0000
2. 67 0.0.6.7
3
11215.0.25.0100.
171 13 30 56.743.3 100.
243

===== PAGE 253 =====
{"alpha_words": 114, "chars": 1980, "method": "ocr", "page": 253, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronoaical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
90ther
Tota
TABLE
A219
EVALNATION
OBJECI
SIGHTINGS
EDR ALL YEARS BY
NORTH
AMERICAN
_LOCATION
NORTH AMERICA
UNITED
STATES
CANADA
ALASKA
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubitul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfui Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtle (Tati
193 126 319. 95 62 15.7 184 12/ 3059.6 6.3.15.9
3
3
6 62.6.2 12.4
3 67. 3.3 10.0
255. 191 452 12.5 9.7 22.2 231. 182 419.12.4. 9.5 21.9
5. 1418.710.4 29.2
5
254. 191 44512.5 9.4 21.9 145 188 43312.8 9.8 22.6
5
5 10.4 0.0 10.4
11. 46- 14. 08 2.2 27
17 44 14 09 2.3
00 00 00
10
e
9. 19 05.040.910
8. 18.05 04 09
2
10.021 21
9 01 03 04 2
6 8 01, 03 0.4
00. 00.00
215
0. 215 106. 10.6 10.6.205
0 205 10.7 0.010.7
35
395
8. 43 17 04 21 34 8. 4218 0.4,22
0 395 19.4 0.0 19.4352
0 359 187 00.18.714
2
000
8.3. 0.0.8.3
2/0.0.2.1
14 29.2 0.0. 292
74
11. 9/ 3.6 08 45 67
16. 83 3.5 0.8 4.3.
34.2 21 6.3
000000000
517 0016.7
3 10.0.0.0 10.0
/
33, 0.0. 3.3
0.0
0.0
0.00.0
00 00 00
N
67.00.62
0.0
0.0 0.0
13 43.3 0.0 83.3
3 10.0 00. 10.0
1462 5122034719 28.1100. 1310 5461916 115 285100/38 10 48/792 20.8100. 29
30 967 3.3 100.
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Number
MEXICO
HAWALL
Per Cent
Certain Dowbtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
1 83 00 83
2
3 8.3 Me. 7. 25.0
0.0. 8.3, 83
3
3
I Double Toal Coral on Total erain Doil Tol ceral Doct Tal Carting beat To cer Doc Told
4.10.7, 3.6 14.3
8
2
1110.7 28.6 39.3
3.6. 7.1.10.7
L.
/
83 0.0. 8.3
000. 00.00.00
e 00 00 00
0
02000DD
e 00 00.00
/ 00.36,36
0
2 167. 0017
2 21, 00 21
0 00 00 00
0 00 0.00.0
4. 33.3. 0.0 333.
5 17.9. 0.0.11.2
0.00 00 00
2
27100 11
9
12. 15.0 250\100.
12 28 571 42.9100.
244

===== PAGE 254 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 4152, "method": "ocr", "page": 254, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
s-other
Total
TABLE
A 220
EVALVATION
_DE ALL.
SIGHTINGS
ECR
ALL
YEARS
UNITER
STATES
REGIONAL
LOCATION
BY
TOTAL
Number
Per Cent
Number
NORTH EAST
CENTRAL EAST
SOUTH
Number
EAST
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain, Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Number
Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
241 163 404 84 5.814
1 10 46 2019652
39. 9/89. 6715.6
431 00.31
$03 310 713 14.4. 11.1 255
15.118. 17.6. 29.4
32. 118/48 55 203
5
6 15.6 31 187
329.256 585 118 9.2 2.0
5
29. 23.52, 10, 0.8.
18
14
8. 20 05. 03. 08
9 12. 21 03. 04.01
26/1
0261 23 00.93
37.
9 46 13 0.3. 1.6
582.
0582 208. 00 20.8
000001a
// 98. 11.8 21.6
100
65 165 172 112 28.7
4. // 219 12.5.344
220 20 40
8 12 07 14 2.1
231. 3.1, 6.2
000. 00.00
5
0 5.09 00 09
000 0000
9. 9 0.0. 1.515
3 59. 00. 5.9
44.
0 44 7.6,0.0.26
12.0. 0.0 20
8
3 / 14. 0519
9.17.6. 00 17.6.112
0.112 19.2. 00 19.2
RONO
e00l000
1000/00
2 00 00 00
a 00 00. 00
2 63 00 63
0 00.00 00
_13
4125. 0.0 12.5
88 21.109 31 08.39
2 15 22 03 25
0 6 18.8 0.0 18.8
1993. 802 21951713 28.7100.134
12. 51/6./. 33.3.100. 424. 158|582 12.9129.1100.
26
6. 32.81.318.8 100)
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unkrown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
i1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
:7-Psychologicai
8-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
NORTH
MLOWEST
Number
CENTRAL MIDWEST
SOUTH MLOWEST
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful "Total Certain] Doubtful Total
Certain Dowril Total
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtfull Tota
]Certain) Doubtful Totai | Certain Doubtful | Total
3
10
13 3.8 12.7 16.5
39
35
74
8. 11
73
15.4
33. 36
25
27.5
69
5.2
_ 5.710.9
13
19 16.5
1.6
36 13 2 20.0
186. 12.916.7 216
4.
241
9
63
5/11.4
45
841
9.4
85
2.5
25
4/
12.23
17.9
8/105
1l6
2
8
1.7
59/35 12. / 9.4 21.5
1.3
0.0
13
5
6. 0.8. 0.2
1.0
3
2
5
106. 05,11
0.0
0.0
0,0
0.4
10
3
00 00 0.0
0 00
0.0.0.0
10.
1012:7
00 12.7
0
62
12.9. 00.12.9
56 89 0.0, 8.9
1.3 0.0
1.3
22
2
22 21.8 2.0 27.8
2 25 00
25
12
74
15
12
2.5
56
2.5 0.0
3
6 05 05 10
0 14.154.00
15.4
15/
15/ 240. 00240
2 17. 31 0.4
3.5
8
5
13. 13 0.8. 21
51
22 19 122 21.8100.
135712448174225.8100.419 212 629 663 337100
NORTH WEST
CENTRAL
Number
Per Cent
Number
WEST
*Per Cent
Number
WEST
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful! Total
Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain | Doubtful
Total
Certain | Doubtfull Total Certain Doubthil Total
4
10
2
6 8.2.
4/12.3
5
58 1.2
2.0
38
10. 48
// 20.4.
20
22.4
140 337 12.876.5
9.8
2.6.12.4
10.2
2.0
12.2
3
/ 3.5 47.8.1
44
82.126, 11.4.21.2326
32
58,6.7
8.3 15.0
0.0
0000
3
1.0
0.0.20
6.1
0.0 6.1
0
/
0
1•2
0.0
1.2
2
2
4 05 05
10
0.0
1.2
3
3.
0.0
1.2
0.0
0.0
5
2
2
20.0. 0.5 05
3
6/.
5
5.8
27
1. 1.3
0.5
0.0
1.8
5
5.8
0.0
27. 70
22.0
41 00 41
0.0
0
0 00 00 00
8.2 0.0.8.2
4
0 17 19.8. 0.0.19.8.104 e 104) 269. 0.0.269
0. 13. 26.5 00 %6.5
3. 35 00 3.54
1010
16 36
45
4 49 91.8 8.2100.169
117186802 198.100. 350 136 386 648 352.100.
NORTH FARWEST
Number
CENTRAL EARWEST
SOUTH EARNEST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtfull Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtrul | Total Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
15
3
18133 27.160
20
14, 34.120
10
21.
16
6.22
8.4.204
22
12|34
15.6
431
8.5 24.1
8.8|18.5
96.3.6.13.2
6
1/.5
26
2.8 12./
13
24
91.21.2
23 49 15.7 13.9, 29.6
18
6
24. 12.8
10.0
1 06 0006
3
_ 4.3 171
3
2/ 0.0.21
000
0.0
10.9
0.D
0 0 00 0000
0.00. 00 00
0.0
1 1 00 06 06
000 00 00
13
0
23
13.
13.11.5
0.9
0.0.11.5
24
0 24 1450.0.145
0,00
00
0.D
2 3 06. 12,18
0 23 20.4
_0.0. 20.4
28
2
0 28.167. 0.0.147
12
3
34
12 85 00 85
4 2.1
0.7, 2.8
0 34 24.1 0.0,24,
2 13 15 00/115
2 412 12 24
4 13 64 28 9.2
69/24|113118.8.21.2.100.118.48 1661111. 28.9100. 107 34 14175.9.241100.
245

===== PAGE 255 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 4174, "method": "ocr", "page": 255, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
10-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuftic tnto.
7-Psychological
8-Liaksown
9-Other
Total
TABLE A221
EKALUATLON
UNITER
STATES
DE UNIT SIGHINGS
REGIONAL
EDR
Akk
YERES BY
LOCATION
TOTAL
WORTH EAST
Number
Number
CENTRAL
East
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total
Number
EAST
SOUTH
Per Gent
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful| Total
Number
Certain Doubtful" Total
Certain Doubthul | Total
205
328
137 342. 9.2 61 15.3
7
3
в 18.4
2.6
21.1
1.9
18.4
44
30
6.3
0
40
228 556 147 10.2 24.9
12,5
29
74
9.3
15.6
0.0.40
10215.4
4.0 24.0
212
210
482.12.2
73.
2/5
20.0
9.4 21.6
3
8
1.9
/3.221.1
51. 133 1.0
12.0 28.0
8
24.0
8.0 32.0
29
20
2
2.6
2.6
5.3
6
10
0.8
1.3
2.1
2
4.0|4.0
8.0
NA
49. 13. 09. 2.2
19. 05 04 09
0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0
4
3
3
0.6
0,0
0.0.0.000
01. 03.0.4
0.0
3
3
0.0
226
0.6
0.6
0.6
00. 00.00
0 226/10.1 0.0.101
35
3
03
0.0
2.9
7.2
0. 43
9.1
0.0
4.1
2
2
800.018.0
43 16 04 20
0.0
2.6 0.0
43
0
418
2,6
2.1
0.0 0.0
0.41818.7 00 18.7
8
2
1017
0.4
0.0
23.7
0.0
23.7
81
08112100171
4
16.0
0.016.0
12
19 91 32 09.41
0 0 00
0.0 0.0
13
2 15 21 04.31
2
2
80 00/80
15986362234715285100. 2810-38731 263100. 345 129 47412.8.212 100.
2/1
425840.16.0100
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 Insuffic. Info.
1-Psychological
8-Unknawn
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
i0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Into.
2-Psychological
&- Unknown
Total
NaRTH MIaWEST
Number
Per Cent
CENTRAL MIDWEST
SOUIH MIDWEST
Humber
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Number
Per Cont
Doubtful
Total
Certain Douttful Total
| Certain Doubtful: Total
3
7 10 43.10.014.3
35
31.66.82
79
1.2 15.4
26
32
58
56
6.8. 12.4
12.
5, 47 12.1
1.1
243
27. 106.16.5 6.3 24.8
69
73.142.14.7
4
15.6
1.1
30.3
2 2 00
5.1 12.9
43
2.9
1.9
40
83
10.0. 9.3
18
1.6
19.3
5547102
11.8
10.0
4.2
21.8
//
2.6
0.2
1.3
1.4
1•4
2
5
0.2
0.5
1.2
5
3
0. 6
1.5
e O
0. 8
0.R
0.0
0.0
0,0
3.
10.0
0.9
0.0
0.0
11.4
11.4
L
20
2
0.0
1.4
0 20
0.0
28.6
0.0
28.6
0. 2
2.9.00
2.9
58
12
65
14
58
0.0
0.0
13.6
0. 0 13.6
12
2.8
0.0
1.8
65
15.2
0.0 15.2
L
15
3.3
0.2
3,5
44
3
90
8
0
3
44
9.4
0.0
9.4
6
0.6
0.6
1.2
0
90 19.2
10.0.192
5,13
17
11.12.8
52
18.10 14325.7100. 320108428 14.825.2.100. 304.164.468 650 350 100.
NORTH
Number
WEST
Per Cent
CENTRAL
Number
WESI
Per Cent
SOUTH
hEST
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful Total
/ Certain Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain
Doubtful Total
2
12,5
la.3 18.8
3
4
31
11.8
2.1
145
21.9
5.
16
15.6
00
3. /
0.0
25.0
187
14
3
0,0
1/
3
25
4.6
1.5
6.2
385
738
215 1. 9
35
5/ 84
12.6
12.5
132.1
6
4.64.6
46
8.8
8.8
17.6
0. 0
9.2
23
23
L
15.0015
2
2
4
0.8
0.8
16
0,0
RO
100
1.5
15
2
2
0.0
0.8
0.8
0 0
0.0
0.0
00
0.0 0.0.
0.8
1.2
3
0
0,0.0
2
3 0.4
0. 3
9,4
0.0
9.4
5
5
0 2 63 00 63
4
2.700
17
17 h.500
6.5
0 4 62 00.62
0 0 0 00 00 00
4.0
4 12.5 00 125 16
0. 16 24.600 246 59. 0.59225. 0.0.225
3 9.4.
00 94
3
0 3 46. 0.046
5
9 15 1.9
13.4
28. 4.32/81.5.12.5.100.179 16 6575424.6100. 170 92262 642/35.1.100.
Evaluation
O-Baltoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraftr
3- Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
iG Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
18-Uokrom
3 Other
Total
_NORTH FARWEST
CENTRAL
EARWEST
SOUTH
FARWEST
Mumber
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful Total
| Certain Doubtful Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain | Doubtiut Total
15
3.18
13.9
2.8 Ve. 7
17
11 28 11625191
15
19
12. 3/161 10.2.263
/ 10. 21
10.2
9.3
19,5
в 21 10.34 / 14.4
11
17 51 93 14
13)
9.22
12.0
8.3
20.3
26
13. 39 18 89 2.1
20. 1195/110
_e 0 00 00 00
2 / 01 00 02
3
2.5
0.0 | 25
0 0 00.00 00
0 00000 00
00 al se
0
4.0.9
0.0.0.9
100. 01.07
0.0
2.000
10
23
13
- 10.2.3
0.0. 9.3
24
0 24 16.4.0016.4
976. 0.0 7.6
0 00 00.00
23 01 14 21
42.5
10.8|33
0
23 2.3, 00 21.3
26
0 25 171 00 171
0. 13120.0.012.1
2
24
1$, 1.4 2.8
12
8
22-18.6.0.0 0018.6
4 12. 68, 34102
86 22 108 79.6.20.4100. 111 35 146%6.0240 100
841. 34-118 112 28,8100.
246

===== PAGE 256 =====
{"alpha_words": 224, "chars": 4124, "method": "ocr", "page": 256, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
14-Birds
:5-Clouds, Dust, etc
16 Insuffic Into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
_ 9-Other
Total
TABLE
1222
STATES
REGIONAL
LOCATION
TOTAL
ENALKATION
UNITER
OF
DENECT
SIGHTINGS
FOR
ALk.
YEARS BY
NORTH
EAST
CENTRAL EAST
SOUTH
EAST
• Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful | Total
18412/ 305 96 l3 15.9
237 182 419 12.4 9.5 21.9
245.188 433 12.8. 98 22.6
21 17 44 14. 0.933
8. 18 05 04 09
2
8 01 03. 04
205 0 205.101 00101
34
8 42 1.8 0.4. 2.2
359 0 359187 0.0.187
ALADONNAN
818.9. 2.7 21.6
38
11, 6591 69 16.6
450i 45
67. 16 83 350843 0
0000sa
1 10.8 81 182
46
24. 70.17 61 17.8
4
5.18.2 4.5.22.7
§ 8.1. 13.5 21.6
62
50 112 15.8/2.7 285
6 227 45 372
2 2.7. 2.7 5.4
3
9 0.8.15 23
245 45 9u
0 0.0.000.0
3
0 3.08. 0008
20.0.0.00i
0 00 00 00
3 3 00 08 08
3. 81. 00,81 38
0 38 97. 0.0, 9.7
/ 21 0.0 2.71
NO
000 00 00
0 2 91 00.91
2 9 18 0.5 2.3
2 0 00 00 00
821k 0.0.21.669
06917.6 0.0.17.6
4 18.2. 0.0/8.2
000000
13
2 15 33 0.538
2
01
2 2.i 2.29.1
1370 546 19/6 7/.5 28.5100. 22. 10|37 73.0.27.0100. 279 11439311.0.29.0100.
19
3 22 86.413.6'i0
Evarmation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
7-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-Other
Total
NORTH MIQWEST
Number
CENTRAL MIOWEST
SOUTH MIOWEST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! "Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
3
7. 10.48 11.316.1
30
28. 58.8.0.1.5.155
25. 28
53 64 72 13.6
3. 11 12.9. 4.8. 12.753
146
42
24 11 42 64.206
51
159
/1O13.0 15./ 28/
€ 9.81 65
35 17 11.2 9.4 20.6
50 4 1
2
2.0.0 32 3.2
11
5. 16 22 13 42
4
9/ 12.8 1D.5 23.3
41, 0010
116. 0016
2
5 08 05 13
0 00 00.00
000 00 00
3
6 08 0816
000 00 00
8 129. 00/29. 57
0 57 15.20.0 15.2
1. 1.6. 00 16 12
0 12 32 00 32
18
2
0 18 290. 0.0 190.51
0 57 15.2 0.0 15.2
2 32 00.3214
1. 1537.0340
35
3
74
8
35 96 02.90
3
0
6 28 08 16
7418.9 0.0 183
12 20 15 3.0
46
16.62 74.2 25.8 100. 279 95 374 146 25.4100, 253 138 39/ 6$7 35.3,100
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuftic. Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
A-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3- Light Phenom,
4-Birds
5-Ciouds, Dust, etc.
Einsuftlc Into.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
sOther
Total
NORTH
WEST
CENTRAL
WEST
SOUTH
WEST
Number
Per Cont
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain DoubtfulT
Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cart
Certain Doubtull Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubttut Total Certain | Doubttul | Tota
3
2
5,115 2.7 19.2
3
4 1.5 3.815.3
5
6.19.213.8 23.0
0 00. 00 00
3
1L
3
L
1451,17 l8
28
5.33.12.6. 2.2 148
9. 20.18.6.15.333.9
31. 34 65 13.9 15.2. 29.1
3 65/51. 102.21
2
2/42 94 94.88
0 111 00 17
L100.1717
2
4. 09. 29%5
2 00 09.59
e
00.0 00 00
2
3
0 00 02 00
3 1.5 0.0 11.5
5.
0 14 63 0.0, 63
2 27 00 77
e56500.85
2
3. 24. 2.913
246800 66
0 000 cia. a0
3.11.5 0.0 /1.5
15
0. 15 254. 00 25.4 53
0 53 23.5 ≤ 2 23.5
0. 3 15 00 115
3
0 3 5/00 51 4 376813,31
22
4 2684.6.15.4100.145. 14 59 73 23.7 100. 154. 69/223/69.1130.9.100
NORTH
Number
FARWEST
CENTRAL, FARWEST
Per Cent
Number
SOUTH EARWEST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful | Total
13
3, 16. 13.6
3.2. 16.8
16
9 25.122 69 19.117
110 27 65 97262
10
8. 18 10.5
84. 18.9
611 84 4613.0
5101549, 9776
0000%
121 12.6
9.5. 22/
24
12 36 18.3, 9.2 2,75 13
is 9/2.6. /2.6. 5.5.84
0 00 a0 00
0 / 08. 00. 08
0 00 00 0.0
e200 0000
3
2 3 39. 00. 22
02000002
/ 11 0011
22
1100.08 08
0
20. 202:
10 10.6 0.0.10.5
0. 2216.8 00.168
- 0 00 00 00
8
e 5.1.8 0.V1
2 3. 08. 15,23
3
15
/ 409 0 39
0. 21 22.1 00 22122
2
0 22 16.800.16.8
0, 15446E.0 146
0. 8.8.4.00 8.4
2 4 45 15 3.0
8 $ 12 7.8.3.9 V1.1
15 20 95 789211100
9.9. 32/3/15.6244 100. 72. 3/ 10369.9 10369.9/30.1100.
247

===== PAGE 257 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 3311, "method": "ocr", "page": 257, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
14-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G- Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
&-Unknown
9-0ther
Total
Evaluation
O-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychołogical
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
12-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
16-Insuffic. Into.
Z-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE A223
EVALUATION
DE
ALL SIGHTINGS
IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS
THE
CENTRAL
REGION
NEW
YORK
OF
EAST
HARRISBURG
WASHINGTON
_ BALANCE DE CENTRAL EAST
Number
PerCent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubtful
Total"|Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
16
25
9.0
5/1
44.1
9
6 15.10.7
7.1. 17.8
12,31
9.0
| 5.114.7
12 | 20
20
6
11.2
3.4.14.6
10
10/20.11.9
| 11.9.23.8
//5/ 190152242
16
_3.5,10.9.18.2
4 5 4.5191
53
122
65
29.3
67 34.5
2
O.ke
14
10 24 1k7 11-9. 28.6
40
23
L
1.2
27 50 11.0. 12.9 23.9
3
1.7
10
16
126
9.1.14.5234
0.0, 1.2
001010
5
6
19. 45. 5.4
0.0
0.0
4
44.8
0.0. 4.8
10.5
0.0, 0.5
D
2.5.06.0.0
00 00 00
0 00 00 00
8. 00
3.8 3.8
21
-21
e
2.4
10
20.27. 09
11.8.00.11.8
2
0.0. 2.4
//
0.0. 52
7
1.2
0.012
000.00.00
3
10
3
9: 2.021
39. 0.0. 3.9
26
00/ 27.27
26
14.6 0l 14.6
15
0 15.17.9
0.0 17.9
53
53.252. 0.0 252
018164. 0.0.16#
5
e
5 28. 00 28 2
2.24. 0024
3
3 14 00 14
3.
2 5.27 18,45
150. 28 178 843 15.7 100. 58 26 84 69.0 3/0V00. 150 60|210\714 28.6/100. 66 44 110/600.40.0V09
TABLE A 224
EVALUATION
_ DE
OF
THE
ALL
SIGHINGS
IN THE
STRATEGIC AREAS
CENTRAL
MIDWEST
REGION
CHICAGO
DAYTON
Number
BALANCE DE CENTRAL MIOMEST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
PerCent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain
| Doubtful, Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain] Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfuf Total Certain Doubtful Total
2
5
7 23
5.7
8.0
21.
9. 30.11.2
48 4.0
16
21 37 1.810.218.0
20
28.22.7
9.1.31.8
37
18
5519.7.
9.6 29.3
10 49 19.0 49.23.9
8
19. 12.5
9.1.31.6
21
23
144-11.212.2. 23.4
10 23
16.3 4.9.11.2
0.0
1./
4
10:3.2
2.15.3
5
0.0
1.1
1. 0.5
000.5
8
24 1.5 32
0.0
0,0
0.0
2
0.5 10/5
0. 0.0
0.0. 00
0.0 00 00
11
12.5
0.0 12.5
20
20.10.6
0. 0 10.6
31
0 31 15.10.0151
5
5
5.7
0.0 5.7
12
1213.6
0.013.6
2
2 1.1
0.0 1.1
5
5
24.00. 24
18
18,9.6
0.0 9.644
0 44 21.5 0.0|21.5
e
45
0.0 4.5
8..3.2
11$3
5
0 5 24 00 24
66 22 88 150.25.0V00. 132.
2
56.188.70.2.29.8100. 159 46 205177.622.4100.
TABLE A225
EVALUATION
OF ALL
SIGHTINGS
SAN
DE
THE
CENTRAL
FARWEST
IN
THE
REGION
STRATEGIC
AREAS
FRANCISCO
BALACLE DE CENTRAL FARWEST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful! Total
Certain Doubttul Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
18
8
26
16-0
2.1
23.1
8137111.
14.8
3
14
6
12
28
9.8
2.7 12.5
3
8
15.2
12
21
4.3
5.6149
0.0
9.8 25.0
le I 22.2 38.9
0.0
0.0
1.9
0.0 1.9
0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0000
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
1. 9. 19
16
16
14.3
0.0
14.3
8
2
3 | 0.9_
18.
2.11
14.8
0.0 14.8
00.0 00 00
22
0
2
22
19.6.
0.0 19.6
6
6.111, 0.011.1
3
0.9 18.
2.7
\ 19.001.9
86/ 26.112/76.8 23.2400.
132. 22 54159.3.40.7100.
248

===== PAGE 258 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 2939, "method": "ocr", "page": 258, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
i2-Aiscraft
3-Light Phenorm
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. info.
17-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
G-Insuffic. Info.
[Z-Psychological
8-Unknown
g-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
|1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
+ Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
19-Other
Total
TABLE
A226
EVALVATION
OF
THE
DE ALL
SIGHTINGS
IN
THE
STRATEGIC
AREAS
SOuTH
MIDWEST
REGION
ATLANTA
WACO
SAN ANTONIO
Number
Per Cent
Number
per ben
Number
BALANCE OF SOUTH MIDWEST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total Certain | Doubtful
Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubttul! Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful | Total
12
6.9.
13.8 20.7
3
8
2./
3,5
5.6
2
8
10
2
5
9. 115 3314.817
1.34. 50. 50 100
12.
20
9.2.
13.823.0
33.
64 97
22.9
444.673
14
98. 13. 1 22.9
34
2/
55101 62.16.3
21
11.5
12.6.2411
4
711
2.8
49
3
2.3
7,2
5
82
98180
57
35
92 46.9 10.4 273
1.13.4
0.7
0.0
0.7
1le
0.0
1.6
/ 0.31
0.0 03
0.0.
0.0
0.0
2.8
0.7
3,5
0.0
00 00
0.0
0.0.
0.0
0.0
0,0
0
00.00
9.2
00.
2.3
9.2
2.3
12
0
012
2
e
2 0.0
e6 0.k
00.00
0.0
13
0
13
149
0D14.9
1.1
1.1, 2.2
8.3
0,0
6.2
07
0.0
8.3
2
0.0
3.3
34
0.0
0.0. 33
34 101. 0.0.10.1
0.0
00
0.0
0.0. 0.0.
3
4 0.9
0.3
н.2
1.2
00
21.
2/
2
34.4 0.0 34.4.108
0. 10832.0
0.0. 32.0
0.0
0.1
1.6. 3.3
42
2
2.15
0.6 2.1
48 39
81.55.244.8100.167/ 167/77 144 445 53.5/00.431
18|6/ 10.5 295/00. 259 48 337169/23.1100.
TABLE
A227
EVALVATION
DE
ALL
PE
THE
SOUTH WEST
ALBUQUERQUE
SIGHTINGS IN THE
STRATEGIC
AREAS
REGION
Number
BALANCE DE SOUTH WEST
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful
Total Certain
• out Toal catar poor To contin out To conal on Ta contain let To Certain can Tota
12
5
2L
5.1
2.4 8.1
26
5 31.48
8/ 10.0.28.6 38.8
23
18.17.6
1/.
19
30
52
e
90142
15
22 45 13.112.525.6
D.0
13 28 85. 1.415.9
0.0, 00
2. 4L1 LI11.22
0,0
0.5
0.5
100 06 0.6
5
2.4
0.02.4
2
2 0.0
11. 11
16
1.le
0.0. 1.6
0. 1! 6.2
0.0. 6.2
53
00.
00 00
0.0, 0.0
53. 25.2
0.0 25.2
5/
0 5/ 290. 00 290
0.5. 2.9 3.4
3
0 3 17 00 11
119.912/056.143.3100. 431) 45176 74425.6100.
TABLE
A228
EVALWATIOA
DE
ALL
SIGHTINGS
THE
STRATEGIC AREAS
LOs
OE
THE
SOUTH
FRINEST
REGION
ANGELES
BALANCE DE SOUTH FARWEST
Number
Certain Doubtfull
Total
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain
Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Douttul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthe | Total
21
10
3L
18.3
87.27.0
/
3. 3.8. 27.11.5
5
13
4.3
10 11.3
3
4 38, 11.5 15.3
14
5
19
12.2
43, 16.5
5 15.4. 3.8 19.2
2
1.7
0.0
0.0
0.0
00
13.8
0.0 38
00.0
0000
0.0.
0.0
00
Q
000 0000
8
1.0
0.0
1:7
1.0
4
0
415.4
0015.4
0.9
31
8
9L
2.6
13.8_0.0. 3.8
3/ 270 00 210.
3. 11.5 0.0.11.5
8 70 00.70
1
4
13.8. 15.4.19.2
24 /15 79/20.9100|16|
10/26/61.538.5100.
249

===== PAGE 259 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 3292, "method": "ocr", "page": 259, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronemical
12-Aircraft
• 3-Light Phenom.
(4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8-Uinknom
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Batloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
(3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
2-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-Other
Total
TABLE A 229
EVALNATION
OF UNIT.
SIGHIINGS
CENTRAL
EAST
IN THE STRATEGIC
AREAS
DE
THE
REGION
NEW
YORK
HARRISBURG
Per Cent
Number
WASHINGTON
BALANCE
OF CENTRAL EASi
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain [Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful [Total
18 8.5 5.413.9.
9
6 15.11.5
1.719.2
16
9. 259.4 53 147
8
8
16.82
8.216.4
1l6
31
7
la
22. 12.4 47 171
10
8
18 12.8 10.3.23.1
31
10
41 18.2,5.9.241
5
2146.5
10,24
21
25
10
5.221
9
40,240
1.0.310
14
11.9. 12.8 30.7
46/24.147.271
13
23 10.3
13.4 23.7
3 1.6.
0.8 2.4
1.3
0.0
1.3
2. 00. 1212
3
1.0
3.1. 4.1
0 00 00 00
2
2
2.6
0.02
0000000
0.
0.0.
2.6
2
0.6. 0.0. 06
2.0, 0.D
Q.0
0.0
2
200.1.2
20
0. 2015.5. 0.0.15.5
6.5 0.0
1.2
0.0
10.0
10 12
26. 00. 26
6.5
10
0
2
10 10.3
0.0.0.3
D.2
2/.2.1
14
5
7 54 00,54
13, 00
13
14109. 00. 109
13
0. 13
16.7
0.0.16.7
39
0
Q
0.0 0000
2
5 39.00. 32
2.6 0.O 2.1
39
3
22.9. 0.0 229
18 00 18
15
3
1515.5
0.0/5.5
2
5
3.1
2/52
106. 23 129/82.217.8100 54 24 78 /69.2 30.8 100. V22
48 170 718/28.2100.163 34
27 649 35.1 VOC.
TABLE A230
EVALUATION
DE
THE
DE
UNIT
SIGHTINGS IN
THE
STRATEGIE
CENTRAL
MIDWEST
REGION
CHICAGO
DAYTON
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
SALANCE Or CENTER CONES
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubttul Total Certain | Doubtful| Tota
2
5
7. 25. 62 8.2
20
29
9 29 12.0.5.4.12.4
13
17 30 72 9.4.16.6
622.19.8
1.4. 27.2
8.
19.13.6 99 23.5
0.0
19
11 40 24 66 240 34 10 44 18.9 5.6 24s
22 4/ 11.4.13.224.613
10 23 72 5.612.8
11.2.12
4.10.36 24 60
12 00%2
L
0 1 06 00 06
5
272811,39
2 3 06. 11.12
0
0 00. 00.00
0 0 00 00.00
0 0.000 0.0
11 13.6 0.0 13.620
2
0 20 120. 0.0 /2.0. 27
5 62 00 62
0 212. 00.12
5
0 27 15.0 0.015.0
17
5 28 00. 28
1113.6. 0.013.6
Q
0. 1710.2 0.010.2
37
2. 37 206 00 20.6
4 49 00,49
1 7 36 0.6. 42
4
0 4 22. 00.2.2
I Cel 20/81 15.324.7 V00. 120
47 167 11.9. 28.1100. |139 41 180 77.2.22.8100.
TABLE
A231
EVALUATION
UNIT
SIGHTINGS
IN THE
STRATEGIC
AREAS
OF
THE
CENTRAL
EARWEST
REGION
SAN
FRANCISCO
BALANCE OF CENTRAL FARWEST
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Tota
15
8. 23.146 7.8 22.4
2
3 547.10. 11.7
10
3. 13. 97 2.912.6
4
8 25 16.5 2.8 24.3
3
8 11.6 1.0.18.6
5 14 209 1.6 325
- 0. 0.000.00
1 23 0.0, 2.3
0 00 0000
e0000a2
e0000000
100. 23|23
0. 16 155 0.015.5
8 V8.6, 0.018.6
$ 3.10- 1929
0 0 0000,00
20
0 20 19.4 0.019.4
0 5 1.60.011.6
2310 19 29
0 / 23 00 23
80
13/103|12.7 22.3100. 31. 12 4372.1127.9100.
250

===== PAGE 260 =====
{"alpha_words": 214, "chars": 3009, "method": "ocr", "page": 260, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
I-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
G-Insuffic info.
7-Psychological
4-0ther
Total
o-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aiscraft
3-Light Phenom.
4 Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic. Into.
2-Psychological
8-Unknown
9-0 ther
Total
Evaluation
.0-Bailoon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
(4Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
Ginsultic. tfo.
L-Psychoiogical
8- Unknown
Rother
Total
TABLE
A232
EVALKATION
QF
THE
OF
UNIT SIGHTINGS
IN
THE
STRATEGIC AREAS
SOUTH
MIDWEST
REGION
ATLANTA
Number
WACO
SAN ANTONIO
Number
BALANCE DE SOUTH MIONES
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
Number
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
1117 18, 14.3 22.1
3
8 27 45 72
2
2
448,48 96
15.14
29 63 5.2.12.2
7
10. 17 91 13.0. 22.1
25
41 66. 22.5.36.9.59.4
6
5 11 143 11.9 26.2
48. 13.0 7./ 20.1
7
18. 11.7 11.1 23.4
1 11
3.6
6.3. 9.9
6 10 95 143 23.8
38 25
63 1. 0.10.5. 265
3. 2.6. 1.3 3.9
0.9
0.0. 0.9
/ 24 00 2.4
0
1. 0400.04
0
00.000.00
/ 5
3.6
0.9 4.5
000 00 00
0
0 0.0 00 00
2
2 00 08 08
0 0
0.00.00.0
8
0
2
8 104 0.0.10.4
10
0. 10
9.0. 0.0
9.0
0002000
1 2.40.0.2425
0000000
• 0.0
2.6. 2.6
0 0
000000
0 00 00 00
3
D 25 10.5 0.0.10.5
10
0 10 13.0 0.0130
281.0.0.81
12
$ 1.3, 04 11
0 12. 28.6. 0.028.659
2 13 13 26
L
1 09 00 09
2 3 2.4.48, 7.2
5
0 59 248 0.0.248
7 24 08. 29
43|34 77 55.844.2100 | 57 54 111 51.448.6100. 27
115.4264.335.7100. 177 61 238 744 26.6.100
TABLE
A233
EKALNATION
UNIT
DE
THE
SOUTH
WEST
SIGHINGS
REGION
IN
THE
STRATEGIC AREAS
ALBUQUERQUE
BALANCE DE SOUTH WEST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain "Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtfud Total Certain Doubttul Total
.5.
lla
3
8 42 25 6 1 26
$ 30 18.1 28 20,9
31 53 13.4. 31.1 44.5.17
14 31 119. 9.8 21:7.
10
0
!
1.6. 8.4.16.0.14
13 21 98 9./18.9
0.0
0.0
.0.0
2
2 4 14 14 1.8
0.02.08
0. 2
1 00 0.1 0.7
0.8 0.0
10.8
2 2 00 14 14
52. 00|50
!!
0 1 170027
0.0
00 0.0
00000000
25
25.210. 002.0 34
5
0. 34 23.8 0.0.23.8
6 08 42 50 3 0 3 21 0021
63/56/11952.947./v00 107. 36143 748/25.2100
TABLE
A234
EVALLATION
DE UNIT
5/GHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC
AREAS
THE
LOS
SOUTH
FARWEST
REGION
ANGELES
BALANCE DE SOUTA FARWEST.
Number
Per Cent
Certain
Doubtful: Total
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful" Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain| Doubtful Total Certain, Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
18
10
28
18.2.10.1 28.3
2 3 53 10.515.8
5.
8
13
5./1
8./ 13.2
12
5
2
17
12./ 5./ 17.2
22
-3 4 5.315.821.1
1 3 105 5.3158
20 00 20
1 1 53 00 53
00 00
00
000 00.00
Q
0.0.
0.0
00
0 0 0000.00
8
81 0.081
0 1 53 0.053
21
3
2.0
10 30
0 / 53.00.53
e
_ 2/ 212 00 21.2
1 53 00 5.3
72.1.0.0.1.1
5 53 21./ 264
15.
24 99 75.8.24.2100.
10. 1941.452.6100.
251

===== PAGE 261 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 3293, "method": "ocr", "page": 261, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
o-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircratt
7-Light Phesom.
14 Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc.
E Insuffic into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
19-Othes
Total
Evaluation
D-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4- Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc
6 insuffic, Info.
7-Psychological
8- Unknown
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
(2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom
4- Birds
15-Clouds, Dust, etc
6-Insuffic, into.
7-Psychological
8-Unknom
2-0ther
Total
TABLE A235
EXAL KATLON
DF OBJECT
SIGHTINGS
IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS
NEW
YoRK
THE
CENTRAL EAST
REGION
HARRISBURG
WASHINGTON
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
BALANCE OF CENTRAL EAST
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful, Total
Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful | Total Certain
Doubtful | Total Certain Doubtfu? Total
Certain | Doubtfül| Total Certain Doubtful | Total
8
15
7.6
67143
13
11.5
9.8
21.3
15
8
23
10.3
5.5158
8
14
9:9
1.4 17.3
1Z10,5
5.7 16.2
10
16
16.3
9.8
26.2
15
22
10.3
4.8,15./
10
5
15
12.31
6.2 185
24
3г
22.9
7. 6 30.5
2
18
14.8
148
29.6
20
2
1.0
1.0
2.0
1.6
0.0
1.6
24
13.7 l6 4.30.1.
18
1/.L
11.2.222
2
0.0
1.4
00
0.0
2
3.3.
2
0.1
1.4
4
1.2
3.2. 4.9
0.0
3.3
00.0.7
0
000000
0.0
0.2
RO
Q.
00
0.0
2
14
0
0.0
1.2
11.2
4
17
0.0
16.2
00/62
6
52
15.2
lile
0.D
1.6
10
10
1.4.
1. 8
0.0 6.8
10
10
123 00 123
0.0
1.6
Q
0.0
0.0.00
2
2
2.02.5. 2.5
LL
10.51
0.010.5
7
Q
11.5.0.0 /15
39
0 39
26.7
0.0
5.
5
2
2
3.3
3.
3
2.1
00
26.7
12
0
12
21
3
2
5
14.8
3.7
Q.0.14.8
48
00 48
0.0. 33
2.5, 6.2
83.
22105
19.0 21.0 V00
40L
21
61.65.634.4100
103.43 146 70.5.29.5.100.
53 28 81 6541346100.
TABLE
A236
EVALUATION
THE
OF
OBJECT
SIGHINGS
THE
STRATEGIC
AREAS
CENTRAL
MIDWEST
REGION
Number
CHICAGO
Per Cent
Number
DAYTON
BALANCE OF CENTRAL MIDWESI
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful| Total
| Certain Doubtful| Total
| Certain Doubtful Total Certain "Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful! Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total
2
5
5
8
/ 36
7.6 10.6.
15
8 23/0.4 56.160 13 15 28 7.9 91 9117.0
7.6.9.1
16.7
10
18
152
21
1132 146 76 22.2 27
34 15 43 20.8
12./ 29.3
19.
18 37 132.125 251 13
22 / 1.9 5.5 13.4
1.00
1.5
11.5
.2
8. 4.2. 1.4 5.6
5
2 7 30 12 42
1.5
e0.
1.5
1 07 00. 07
Q
0.0
00.00
0 0 00 00.00
L
2 3 06 12.18
0 0 00 00 00
10
15.2
5
1.6
0.015.2
20
0 20 13.9 00 13.9 27
0 27 15 00 165
0.0. 1.6
2
5
2 14 00,14
0 530.00 3.0
9 13.6
0.0.13.614
0 14 27 00 97 34
0 34 20.1 0 0 20.7
4 0 4 61 00,616
4742 01 494
04.24. 00.24
46 20/66 69/30.3100. 102 42 144 10.8.29.2100, 129 35 1/64 78.7121.3 VOO.
TABLE
A237
EXALVATION
DE
OBJECT
SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS
THE
CENTRAL
FARWEST
REGION
SAN
Number
FRANCISCO
OF
BALANCE DE (ENTRAL FARWES
Per Cent
Certain Doubtiull Total
Certain Doubtful
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Total Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubthel Total
14
21 15.1 1.5.226
8
3
11 8.6. 3.2 11.8
2
4 5.3 53 10.6
3
15
7 22 16.1. 1.5 23.6
.5
6 22 1.915.8
00000.00
_ 14 237 13.2 36.9
12600.26
000. 00. 00
0 0 00 00 00
0.
15
L
18.
0 00 00 00
15 161 00,16.1
3. 11 2.2 3.3
0
7
1 00. 26 26
1.18.4 0.0.18.4
0 0 00.00 00
0. 18 19.4 0.0.19.4
- 4105. 00 10.5
2.
3. 1/ 2.2. 3.3
0126 00.26
12
21 93 194/22.6100121. 11 38 71.1. 28.2100.
252

===== PAGE 262 =====
{"alpha_words": 219, "chars": 3004, "method": "ocr", "page": 262, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6 insuffic info.
7-Psychologicel
&-Unknown
19-0tes
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
4-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. info.
1-Psychologica:
8-Unknomn
9-Other
Total
Evaluation
0-Balloon
1-Astronomical
2-Aircraft
3-Light Phenom.
t-Birds
5-Clouds, Dust, etc.
6-Insuffic. Info.
7-Psychological
8-Unknown
19-Ottier
Total
JABLE
A238
EVALVATION
DE
THE
DE
SOUTH
DAJECT
MIDWEST
SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS
REGION
ATLANTA
Number
Per Cent
WACO
SAN
ANTONLO
BALANCE DE SOUTH MOWEST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Per Cent
Certain Doubtful Total Cerfain Doubtful Total
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful| "Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful| Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain (Doubtful | Total
5
8 13. 19.12.2.206
3
5
8 3.7 6 1 9.8
2 4 56 56/112
13
28
7. / 6.2 133
10.
.Mle 9.5. 15.9.25.4
18
28 46 220.34./ 5k.1
15
5
5. 10 13.9.13.9 21.8.22, 16
38. 105 1.6./8/
5.
13 12.7. 79.20.6
3.
7.10. 3.7. 8.512.2
4
2
1. 16. 0016
01.1200,12
4 6 10.11.1167 218 35 23 55 6 7 10 217
0000000
14371249
1e/28.00.281
0 / 05 0005
0 2-
000.0000
20E100510
00202. 00
000000a0
000000000
0
2
11.1 00.11
0. 6. 7.3. 0.0 7.3
/0 12800282 oz/v00 dives
2: 0.0. 3.2.3.2
0 0000.000
20000 0000
9143 00 0014.3
0 6 7.3. 0.0 1.3
3
_14%465/2
8. 0 8 222.00.222 51.
0 5/243, 2.2.27.3
L
21k 1k 3.2
1120012
4L2282856
5
2 7. 24.10.3.4
37. 26|63 58741.3100. |41 41 82 300500000. |22114|3661/38.9100. 155 55/210|138..26.21159.
TABLE
A 239
EVALUATION DE
THE
SOUTH
OBJECT SIGHTINGS IN THE STRATEGIC AREAS
REGION
ALBUQUERQUE
BALANCE DE SOUTH WEST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cont
Certain Doubtful! Total | Certain | Doubtful
Total Certain | Doubthul Total Certain Doubthul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain | Doubtful) Total Certain Doubttul Total Certain Doubtful Total
5,
14
3
8
5.4
_28
31,8.2
23
2 25 18.4 16 .20.0
4/2 143 28.6 42.9
8
16
8,2
17
6. 23 13.6. 48.18.4
8.2 16.4
13.
13 26 10.4.10.4 20.8
0. 0
0.0.
0.0 00
2
2
4.
11.63.2
e
Q.D.
1.0
100. 28 08
10. 00
5
5
5100 51
9
2
0.0.16.116
7.2. 00 7.2
00 00 00
0
00 00 00
21:0 21
2140021432 0
132 256 0.0 25.6
1.3
10 31 413
0 3 24. 00.24
55/ 43.98/56.143.91001 99. 26 /25 19.2.20:8.100.
TABLE AZ40
EVALVATION
DE
THE
DE OBJECT
SOUTH
EARWEST
SIGHILNGS IN THE
REGION
STRATEGIC AREAS
LOs ANGELES
BALANCE DE SOUTH FARWEST
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Number
Per Cent
Certain | Doubtful Total Certain Doubtru] Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtul Total Certain Doubtful Total Certain Doubtful Total
16
8. 244.0 9.5 28.5
L
2.3
53.10.5 15.8
7.11. 4.8.8.3 13.11
4
5.3 15.8 21.1
5
- 16.13.1,6.0. 19.1
0 2 2400 24
2
/
3 10.5 52 15.2
| 53 00 5.3
00. 000000
0000 a0
-0 0000 00
0
2.00.000
0 1. 8.32.08.3
L
530.0.53
1 3 24.12,36
0 / 53 00 53
0 14 167 0.0 167
1 53 00.53
7
7. 83. 00.8.3
L
4 5 53 21 36.4
63 | 21/84
15.0.25.0100.
10 19 494.52.6100.
253 and 254

===== PAGE 263 =====
{"alpha_words": 5, "chars": 46, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 263, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
APPENDIX B

WORKING PAPER FORMS

255 and 256

===== PAGE 264 =====
{"alpha_words": 43, "chars": 381, "method": "ocr", "page": 264, "variant": "plain-vision"}
INDEX OF FORMS
Exhibit Bl. Tentative Observers Data Sheet
Exhibit B2. Tentative Observers Questionnaire
Exhibit B3. U. S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet.
Exhibit B4. Codes for Work Sheet
Exhibit B5. Work Sheet •
••...
Exhibit B6. Codes for Card Bible.
•
Exhibit B7. Card Bible . . .
Exhibit B8. Example of an IBM Card
...
..
Page
259
267
277
289
297
301
309
313
257 and 258

===== PAGE 265 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 56, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 265, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
EXHIBIT Bl

TENTATIVE OBSERVERS DATA SHEET

259 and 260

===== PAGE 266 =====
{"alpha_words": 139, "chars": 905, "method": "ocr", "page": 266, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS DATA SHEET
Where Choice is Given, Circle Proper
Answers, or Insert Answer
1. Date of your observation:
Day
2. Date you roported the observation: Day
3. What time was it when you sighted the object:
Month
Year
Month
Year
-Hours
Minutes
A.M. P.M. Daylight Standard
Zone: Eastern, Central, Montain, Pacific,
Other
4 Length of time object was observed. Estimate:
Hours
Minutes
5. Where observed:
Postal Adaress
E. Nnere were you at time of observation:
Inside building, In Car,
City or Town
Outdoors,
State
Country
Other
7. Wero you moving at any time during this sighting:
Yes or No
8. Did you stop at any time during this sighting:
Yes or No
miles per hour.
9. If you were moving - give
and
- Direction
Speed
10. How was object observed: Naked eye
Eye glasses
Other glass (Window or windshield)
Binoculars, Telescope, TheodoLite
other_
1l. How did you happen to notice the object:
261
•

===== PAGE 267 =====
{"alpha_words": 130, "chars": 869, "method": "ocr", "page": 267, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12. Describe what you saw as triefly as possible in the following spaces:
a. Sound
b. Shape
co Color_
do Size_
e. Number
I. Light brightness_
&• Light color_
ho Motion
i. Speed_
j. Other_
13. How did object disappear fron view: Suddendur de Gradually
14. At any time did the object:
a. Change direction. b. Change speed. c. Move behind something; Cloud,
House, Tree,
do Blend with background. e. Decrease
Other
in size. I. Decrease in brightness. g. Move in front of something.
other
15. When you first Icoked at the object, what direction were you facing?
16. When you last sow the object, what direction were you facing?
17. In the following Sketch A, draw lines
from the observer's eye to the circular
aro to show the apparent elevation of the
Directly
object in the sky.
Overhead
A. When first seen, label a.
B. When last seen, label b.
Observer's
Eye
SKEICH A
262

===== PAGE 268 =====
{"alpha_words": 127, "chars": 805, "method": "ocr", "page": 268, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18. On the following Sketch B, label a at
the apparent position of the object
when first seen and b at point last
seen. Trace the apparent path of
the object between points a and b.
Overhead
If possible label 1, 2, 3, etc.,
along the traced path to show the
successive positions of the object
Horizon
after equal intervals of time dur-
ing the sighting.
Observer's
Eye
SKETCH B
Horizon
19. In Sketch C please show the
observed features of the object
such as;
A. Apparent shape, (were edges
pointed ni rounded),
B. Apparent direction of motion
(snow by arrow), and
C. Other details, exhaust, trails,
tails, surfaces, etc.
SKETCH C
20. The sun and the moon are shown below as they appear in their correct relative
size. In this sietch D, show the apparent size of what you saw.
SUN
OBJECT
MOON
SKETCH D
263

===== PAGE 269 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 283, "method": "ocr", "page": 269, "variant": "plain-vision"}
21. In your owi words please describe the sighting you observed. Use sketches
if desired. All observations from the time of first sighting to the time
of dissappearance are important. Include a description of the weather,
wind, and cloud conditions at the time of this sighting.
264

===== PAGE 270 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 433, "method": "ocr", "page": 270, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22. Iour full name:
23. Your address:
24. Your occupation:
25. Last school you attended:
26. Year of last attendance at this school:
27. Please list, the names and addresses of persons who discussed this sighting
with you. It is not necessary to list the names of officials or investigators.
28. Further coments which you believe are important should be entered here.
Use additional shoets of the same size if necessary.
265 and 266

===== PAGE 271 =====
{"alpha_words": 6, "chars": 60, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 271, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
EXHIBIT Bz2

TENTATIVE OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE

267 and 268

===== PAGE 272 =====
{"alpha_words": 120, "chars": 785, "method": "ocr", "page": 272, "variant": "plain-vision"}
TENTATIVE
OBSERVERS QUESTIONNAIRE
SECTION A
1. When did you see the object:
1.I Date:
Day
1.2 Time of Day:
Month
Year
A.M. or P.M. (Circle One)
Min.
1.3 Time Zone: (Circle One):
a. Eastern
b. Central
do Pacific
e. Other
co, Mountain
(circle One): 5: Standard Saving
Standard
Lads stole answer to co love que thon ate how certain you are of
Certain
a. Farray certain
Not very sure
i. Just a gueus
2. Where were you when you saw the object:
Postal Address
Additional Remarks:
City or Town
State
Country
3. Where were you located when you saw the object:
(Circle One): a. Inside a building
b.
In a car
c. Outdoors
2: Oa piano
3.1 Were you:
(circle one): ao In the business section of a city?
In the residential section of a city?
Co
Flying near an airfield?
Flying over open country?
269

===== PAGE 273 =====
{"alpha_words": 153, "chars": 926, "method": "ocr", "page": 273, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4 How did you happen to notice the object?
5. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
Day
Month
Year
SECTION B
6. What were you doing at the time you saw the object?
6.1 What had you been doing for the 30 minutes before you saw the object?
Iry to list the activity or activities and the approximate amount
of time spent on each.
7. Were you moving at any time while you saw the object? (Circle One):
of
Yes
NO
IF you answered YES, then complete the following questions:
7.1 What direction were you moving?
(Circle One): a. North
e. South
b. Mortheast
I.
Southwest
• Easi
West
1. Southeast
h. Northwest
7.2 How fast were you moving?
miles per hour.
7.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One): Yes
or
No
8. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object?
(Circle One): 5:
North
Northeast
i. South
Southwest
do
East
• West
Southeast
•• Northwesi
270

===== PAGE 274 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 1180, "method": "ocr", "page": 274, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8.I What direction were you looking when the object disappeared?
(Circle One): a. North
b. Northeast
Souther
Southwest
c. East
West
do Southeast
h. Northwest
8.2 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of
your answer to the above question and preceding question (8 and
8.1).
a. Certain
•. ivot very sur
b. Fairly certain
d. Just a gues
9. Were you wearing eye glasses when you saw the object? (Circle One):
Yes
or
No
10. How was the object seen?
(Circle One): a. Through window glass
e. Through theodolite
b. Through windshield
c. Through binoculars
g•
Through sunglasses
Through open space
do Through telescope
h.
Other
11. What do you remember about the weather conditions at the time you saw the
11.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
11.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a Clear sky
b. Hazy
Scattered clouds
i: Scatter hodo clouds
e. Don't remember
11.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
Stone wante
d. Sonot rement
Don't reinember
b. Fog, Mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
do Snow
e. Don't remember
1I.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
do Hot
e.
Don't remember
SECTION C
12. Estimate how long you saw the object?
Hours
Minutes
Seconds
271

===== PAGE 275 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1155, "method": "ocr", "page": 275, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 12:
a. Certain
bo Fairly sure
13. Did the object 100k: (Circle One) Solid
14. Did the object at any time:
c. Not very sure
do Just a guess
or
Transparent
EFE
14.1 Change direction?
14.2 Change speed?
14.3 Change size?
(Circle One for each question)
Don't know
Don't know
No Don't know
14.4
Change color?
14.5 Break up into parts or
explode?
14.6
Give off smoke?
14.7
Change brightness?
14.8 Flicker, throb, or
Yes
Yes
Yes
Tes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
No
NO
No
pulsate?
14.9 Femain motionless?
Yes
NO
15. Did the object give off a light? (Circle One): Yes
Don't know
Don it know
Don't know
Don't know
NO
Don't know
15.1 If you answered YES, what was the color of the light?
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object?
16.1 Sound
16.2 Color
17. IF there was MORE THAN ONE object, then how many were there?
Draw a picture of how they were arranged and put an arrow to show the
direction they were traveling.
18. Did the object at any time:
13.1 Move behind something? (Girele One) Yes No
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved behind.
Don't know
272

===== PAGE 276 =====
{"alpha_words": 170, "chars": 1047, "method": "ocr", "page": 276, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18.2 Move in front oi something? (Circle One) Yes No
Don't know
IF you answered YES, then tell what it moved in front of.
18.3 Blend with the background? (Circle One) Yes No Don't know
19. Which of the following objects is about the same actual size as the object
you saw? (Circle One):
a. Pea
I. Automobile
b. Baseball
g. Small airplane
c. Basketball
ho Large airplane
do bicycle wheel
i. Dirigible
e Office desk
j. Other
19.1
Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to Question 19.
a. Certain
b. Fairly certain
Co
Not very sure
do
Uncertain
20. Iry to tell the following things about the object:
How high above the earth was it?
_feet.
How far was it from you?
feet or
miles.
20.3 How fast was it going?
miles per hour.
Circle one of the foilowing to indicate how certain you are of your
answer to the above questions:
Certain
b. Fairly certain
d.
Not very sure
Just a guess
21. How did the object disappear from view?
(Circle One):
a. Suddenly
bo Gradually
other
i. Don't remember
SECTION D
- Horizon
You
273

===== PAGE 277 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 529, "method": "ocr", "page": 277, "variant": "plain-vision"}
23. In the following sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when
you first saw it, and a "B" at its position when you last saw it.
Overhead
Horizon
Horizon
You
Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object made. Place an
"A" at the beginning of its path and a "B" at the end of its path.
25. Draw a picture that will show the shape of the object. Label and include
in your sketch any details of the object that you saw and place an arror
beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving
-274

===== PAGE 278 =====
{"alpha_words": 114, "chars": 655, "method": "ocr", "page": 278, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECTION E
26. Was this the first time that you have seen an object like this?
(circle One): Yes or No
26.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what conditions did
you see other ones?
27. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused
28. Give the following information about yourself:
NAME
Last Name
First Name
ADDRESS
Street
City
Zone
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job?
Age
Sex
29. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One): Yes
NO
29.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One): Yes or No
29.2 Please list their names and addresses:
Middle Name
State
275

===== PAGE 279 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 141, "method": "ocr", "page": 279, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
30.

Please add here any further comments which you believe are important.
Use additional sheets of the same. size paper, if necessary.

276

===== PAGE 280 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 71, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 280, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
EXHIBIT B3

U. S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET

277 and 278.

===== PAGE 281 =====
{"alpha_words": 247, "chars": 1595, "method": "ocr", "page": 281, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
This questionnaire has been prepared so that you can give the U.S. Air Force as much
information as possible concerning the unidentified aerial phenomenon that you have observed.
Please try to answer as many questions as you possibly can. The information that you give wil
be used for research purposes, and will be regarded as confidential material. Your name will no
be used in connection with any statements, conclusions, or publications without your permission.
We request this personal information so that, if it is deemed necessary, we may contact you for
further details.
1. When did you see the object?
2. Time of day:
Hour
Day
Month
Year
(Circle One):
A.M.
or
Minutes
P.M.
3. Time zone:
(Circle One): a. Eastern
b. Central
c. Mountain
d. Pacific
e. Other
4. Where were you when you saw the object?
(Circle One): a. Daylight Saving
b. Standard
Nearest Postal Address
Additional remarks:
City or Town
State or Country
5. Estimate how long you saw the object.
Hours
Minutes
Seconds
5.1 Circle one of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 5.
a. Certair
c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
do Just a guess
6. What was the condition of the sky?
(Circle One): a. Bright daylight
b. Dull daylight
c. Bright twilight
d. Just a trace of daylight
e. No trace of daylight
f. Don't remember
7. IF you saw the object during DAYLIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, where was the SUN located as you looked at
the object?
(Circle One): a. In front of you
In back of you
c. To your right
d. To your left
e. Overhead
f. Don't remember
279

===== PAGE 282 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1642, "method": "ocr", "page": 282, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8. IF you saw the object at NIGHT, TWILIGHT, or DAWN, what did you notice concerning the STARS and MOON?
8.1 STARS (Circle One):
8.2 MOON (Circle One):
a. None
a. Bright moonlight
b. A few
b. Dull moonlight
c. Many
c. No moonlight - pitch dark
d. Don't remember
d. Don't remember
9. Was the object brighter than the background of the sky?
(Circle One):
a. Yes
b. No
c. Don't remember
10. IF it was BRIGHTER THAN the sky background, was the brightness like that of an automobile headlight?:
(Circle One) a. A mile or more away (a distant car)?
b. Several blocks away?
c. A block away?
d. Several yards away?
e. Other-
11. Did the object:
a. Appear to stand still at any time?
Yes
b. Suddenly speed up and rush away at any time?
Yes
. Break up into parts or explode'
Yes
I. Give off smoke?
Yes
e. Change brightness?
f. Change shape?
Yes
Yes
g. Flicker, throb, or pulsate?
Yes
12. Did the object move behind something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes
No
Don't Know.
it moved behind:
(Circle One for each question)
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
No
Don't Know
IF you answered YES, then tell what
13. Did the object move in front of something at anytime, particularly a cloud?
(Circle One):
Yes
No
Don't Know.
it moved in front of:
IF you answered YES, than tell what
14. Did the object appear: (Circle One):
15. Did you observe the object through any of the following?
a. Eyeglasses
Yes
b. Sun glasses
Yes
c. Windshield
Yes
d. Window glass
Yes
a. Solid?
No
e. Binoculars
No
f. Telescope
No
g. Theodolite
No
h. Other _
b. Transparent?
Yes
Yes
Yes
c. Don't Know.
No
No
No
280

===== PAGE 283 =====
{"alpha_words": 73, "chars": 426, "method": "ocr", "page": 283, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16. Tell in a few words the following things about the object.
a. Sound
b. Color
17. Or the piere that evil hat the shang of the objector dict pel and houd in is or kaph anydo pile
an arrow beside the drawing to show the direction the object was moving.
•
18. The edges of the object were:
(Circle One): a. Fuzzy or blurred
e. Other
19. rare oR THAN oN orient, hender rang me thaton the direcrion thor they were revoling.
281

===== PAGE 284 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1186, "method": "ocr", "page": 284, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20. Draw a picture that will show the motion that the object or objects made. Place an "A» at the beginning
of the path, a "B" at the end of the path, and show any changes in direction during the course.
21. IF POSSIBLE, try to guess or estimate what the real size of the object was in its longest dimension.
_feet.
22. Hd ago didho lenget or objects appear as compared with one of the following objects held in the hand
(Circle One):
a. Head of a pin
b. Pea
c. Dime
d. Nickel
e. Quarter
g. Silver dollar
h. Baseball
i. Grapefruit
i. Basketball
k. Other
f. Half dollar
22.1 (Circle One of the following to indicate how certain you are of your answer to Question 22.
a. Certain
c. Not very sure
b. Fairly certain
d. Uncertain
23. How did the object or objects disappear from view?
24. In order that you can give as clear a picture as possible of what you saw, we would like for you to imagine that you could
construct the object that you saw.
Of what type material would you make it? How large would it be, and what shape
would it have? Describe in your own words a common object or objects which when placed up in the sky would give the
same appearance as the object which you saw.
282

===== PAGE 285 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1553, "method": "ocr", "page": 285, "variant": "plain-vision"}
25. Where were you located when you saw the object?
(Circle One):
a. Inside a building
b. In a car
c. Outdoors
do In an airplane
e. At sea
f. Other
26. Were you (Circle One)
. In the business section of a city.
b. In the residential section of a city?
c. In open countryside?
d. Flying near an airfield?
e. Flying over a city?
f. Flying over open country?
g. Other
27. What were you doing at the time you saw the object, and how did you happen to notice it?
28. IF you were MOVING IN AN AUTOMOBILE or other vehicle at the time, then complete the following questions:
28.1 What direction were you moving? (Circle One)
a. North
6. East
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
e. South
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
28.2 How fast were you moving?
- miles per hour.
28.3 Did you stop at any time while you were looking at the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
29. What direction were you looking when you first saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
b. Northeast
d. Southeast
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
30. What direction were you looking when you last saw the object? (Circle One)
a. North
c. East
e. South
b. Northeast
do Southeast
f. Southwest
g. West
h. Northwest
31. If you are familiar with bearing terms (angular direction), try to estimate the number of degrees the object was
from true North and also the number of degrees it was upward from the horizon (elevation).
31.1 When it first appeared:
a. From true North
b. From horizon.
31.2 When it disappeared:
a. From true North
b. From horizon
_ degrees.
- degrees.
- degrees.
- degrees.
283

===== PAGE 286 =====
{"alpha_words": 97, "chars": 533, "method": "ocr", "page": 286, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32. In the following sketch, imagine that you are at the point shown. Place an "A" on the curved line to show how
high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you first saw it. Place a "B" on the same curved line to
show how high the object was above the horizon (skyline) when you last saw it.
33. In the following larger sketch place an "A" at the position the object was when you first saw it, and a "B" at its
position when you last saw it. Refer to smaller sketch as an example of how to complete the larger sketch.
284

===== PAGE 287 =====
{"alpha_words": 165, "chars": 1022, "method": "ocr", "page": 287, "variant": "plain-vision"}
34. What were the weather conditions at the time you saw the object?
34.1 CLOUDS (Circle One)
a. Clear sky
b. Hazy
c. Scattered clouds
d. Thick or heavy clouds
e. Don't remember
34.3 WEATHER (Circle One)
a. Dry
b. Fog, mist, or light rain
c. Moderate or heavy rain
d. Snow
e. Don't remember
35. When did you report to some official that you had seen the object?
34.2 WIND (Circle One)
a. No wind
b. Slight breeze
c. Strong wind
d. Don't remember
34.4 TEMPERATURE (Circle One)
a. Cold
b. Cool
c. Warm
d. Hot
o. Don't remember
Day
Month
Year
36. Was anyone else with you at the time you saw the object?
(Circle One) Yes
36.1 IF you answered YES, did they see the object too?
(Circle One) Yes
No
No
36.2 Please list their names and addresses:
37. Was this the first time that you had seen an object or objects like this?
(Circle One) Yes
No
37.1 IF you answered NO, then when, where, and under what circumstances did you see other ones?
38. In your opinion what do you think the object was and what might have caused it?
285

===== PAGE 288 =====
{"alpha_words": 116, "chars": 729, "method": "ocr", "page": 288, "variant": "plain-vision"}
39. Do you think you can estimate the speed of the object?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then what speed would you estimate?
40. Do you think you can estimate how far away from you the object was?
(Circle One)
Yes
No
IF you answered YES, then how far away would you say it was?
41. Please give the following information about yourself:
NAMER
Last Namo
First Name
_m.p.h.
_ feet.
Middlo Namo
ADDRESS
Street
City
Zono
Stato
TELEPHONE NUMBER
What is your present job?
Age
Sex
Please indicate any special educational training that you have had.
a. Grade school
e. e. Technical school
b. High school
(Type)
c. College
f. Other special training
d. Post graduate
42. Date you completed this questionnaire:
Day
Month
Year
286

===== PAGE 289 =====
{"alpha_words": 105, "chars": 637, "method": "ocr", "page": 289, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U.S. AIR FORCE TECHNICAL INFORMATION SHEET
(SUMMARY DATA)
In order that your information may be filed and coded as accurately as possible, please use
the following space to write out a short description of the event that you observed. You may re-
peat information that you have already given in the questionnaire, and add any further comments,
statements, or sketches that you believe are important. Try to present the details of the observa.
tion in the order in which they occurred. Additional pages of the same size paper may be attached
if they are nooded.
NAME.
(Ploase Print)
(Do Not Write in This Space)
CODE:
SIGNATURE
DATE.
287

===== PAGE 290 =====
{"alpha_words": 2, "chars": 10, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 290, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
co
00
Ql

===== PAGE 291 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 103, "method": "ocr", "page": 291, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
om == & = os = a oe oe oe ee oe oe ee oe ee ee ee oe eo

EXHIBIT B4

CODES FOR WORK SHEET

289 and 290

===== PAGE 292 =====
{"alpha_words": 86, "chars": 554, "method": "ocr", "page": 292, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CODES
CODE 1. GENERAL
2. Every column must have at least one entry. If no data art
available for any column, the Y should be used.
Do If a number in any column ia used to enter data, then X
qualifies the data as indicated in the Code for the specific
column.
CODE 25 DURATION UNITS
CODE 28 LATITUDE
* South latitude
CODE 32 LONGITUDE
X East longitude
Days
Hours
Minutes
Seconds
4
5
CODE 41 POSITION
Variable
In car
Outdoors
In plane
In building
9
CODE 42 MOVEMENT OF OBSERVER
X
O Wasn't moving
I Was moving - stopped
2 Was moving - didn't stop
other
291

===== PAGE 293 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 955, "method": "ocr", "page": 293, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CODE 43 OBSERVATION METHOD
X Variable
O Naked eye
1 Eye glasses
2 Window
3 Windshield
4 Binocular
5 Telescope
6 Theodolite
7 Radar
8 Photographic
9 Other
CODE 45 COLOR
X Variable
O Metallic
1 Light-glow-luminous
Red
Orange
Yellow
Green
6
Blue
7 Violet
8
Black
9 White
CODE 48 SPEED
X Variable
•
lovering, stationar
L Less than 100 m.p.h
2100-400 m.p.h.
3
More than 400 m.p.h.
4
Meteor I1ke
5 Not stated
6
7
8
9 Other
CODE 44 SOUND
X Variable
0 Motors
1 Jet or rockets
2 Explosion
Uniike aircraft
Hiss, swishing, whining
Rumbling
6 None
Humming or buzzing
8 Not stated
9 Other
CODE 46 NUMBER
X
0-1
1 - 2
2-3
3-4
4 - 5
5 - 6
6-7 - 10
7 - 11 - 20
8 - 20 - 30
9 - 31 or more
CODE 49 SHAPE
& Variable
0 Ellipse
1 Rocket
2
Conventional aircraft
3 Unconventional aircraft
4 Meteor, comet
5 Lenticular
6 Conical
7 Tear drop
8 Flame, tails, fire
3 Other
CODE 47 LIGHT-COLOR
X Variable
White
Black
Grey
3
• Red
4 Orange
5
Yellow
6 Green
7 Blue
8 Violet
9 Other
292

===== PAGE 294 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 906, "method": "ocr", "page": 294, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CODE 50 SHAPE PARAMETER 8/b
X- Variable
0-
0.0
- 0.05
2
- 0.1
- 0.2
- 0.3
0.5
- 0.75
- 0.9
8 - 1.0
9 - Other
CODE 52 LIGHI BRIGHINESS (Intensity)
X
Decreased
Sunlight on mirror
Sunlight on aluminum
Sunlight on plaster
Sunlight on stone
Sunlight on soil
Brighter than noon
Like moon
Duller than moon
8 Barely visible
9 Other
CODE 54 ANGULAR ACCELERATION
(Change in Angular Velocity)
X
Variable
Zero, Veconstant
1
2
Increasing slowly
Decreasing slowly
ecreasing las
ncreasing very fast
Decreasing very fast
CODE 51 SUBTENDED VISUAL ANGLE
(Referred to sun diameter)
X- Decreased in size
Y
0 = Ood
1 = 0.2
2 - 0.5
3 - 0.75
4 - 1.0
5 - 1.5
6 - 2.0
1=400
8 - 400 to 10.0
9 - Other
CODE 53 ANGULAR VELOCIIY
* Variable
• Zero
1
Very slow, 10 per second
4
Very fast, 300 per second
6 Extremely fast, 900 per second
7 More than 900 per second
8
9 Other
CODE 55 APPEARANCE BEARING
5
6
8
9
NE
SE
- S
- SW
- W
- NW
293

===== PAGE 295 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 923, "method": "ocr", "page": 295, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CODE 56 DISAPPEARANCE BEARING
X- Disappeared suddenly
0 - N
1 - NE
2- E
3- SE
4 - S
5 - sW
6 - W
7 - NW
8
CODE 57-58 ELEVATION
WITH RESPECT TO GROUND, DEGREES
InItial
Final
X
Variable
Variable
1
0-9
0-9
10-19
10-19
20-29
2
20-29
30-39
30-39
40-49
40-49
50-59
50-59
60-69
6
60-69
70-79
7 70-79
80-89
8 80-89
9
CODE 61 OBJECT ORIENTATION
Apparent inclination of principal
_axis of object from horizontal
X Variable
+90 to 60
1
2
+60 to 30
430 to 10
+10 to 0
4
O to -10
-10 to -30
-30 to -60
-60 to -90
9
CODE 65 SERVICE
CODE 62-63-64 CIVILIAN OCCUPATION
Dictionary of Occupational Titles,
Vol. II, 2nd Edition, pp. XIX-XXVI.
S0e DD. XIX-XXVI Washington, D. Go, 2949.
CODE 66 DUTY
X
• Army
1
Navy
2 Marine
3 Air Force
4 Coast Guard
5 Merchant
6 Commercial Air
7 CAA
8 Gov't. Contractor
9 Other
• Pilot
1 Weather tech.
•
2 Radar tech.
4 Balloon obs.
6 Guards, lookouts
7 Ground or deck crews
8 Navig, or bombardier
9 Other
294

===== PAGE 296 =====
{"alpha_words": 103, "chars": 885, "method": "ocr", "page": 296, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CODE 67 RANK EQUIVALENI
Officer
X
It. 2nd
1
It. Ist
Capt.
Mal.
It. Col.
Col.
Brig. Gen.
Maj. Gen.
8 It. Gen.
9 General
Private
Private, Ist Cis.
Corp.
Serg.
S. I. Serg.
M. Serg.
6
Warrant off.
7
Chief Warrant
8
9
CODE 77 EVALUATION OF REPORI RELIABILIIY
X
CODE 76 EVALUATION OF OBSERVER RELIABILITY
Complete
Quite
Fair
3 Doubtful
• POOI
Not
0 Complete
1 Quite
2 Fair
3 Doubtful
4
Poor
5 Not
6
7
8
9 Can't be judged
CODE 78 PRELIMINARY IDENTIFICATION
X Possibly
• Balloon
Astronomical
Aircraft
Light phenomenon
4
Birds
5 Clouds, dust, eta.
6 Rocket or missile
7 Psychological manifestations
8 Electromagnetic phenomenon
9 Other
9 Can't be judged
CODE 79-80 FINAL IDENTIFICATION
X Probably
Balloon
1
Astronomical
Aircraft
Light Phenomenon
Birds
Clouds, dust, etc.
Reekat-or-#tesite Insufficient information
7
Psychological manifestations
3 Eloetremagnetie-phenemeneR Unknowr
295 and 296

===== PAGE 297 =====
{"alpha_words": 4, "chars": 37, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 297, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
EXHIBIT B5

WORK SHEET

297 and 298

===== PAGE 298 =====
{"alpha_words": 53, "chars": 394, "method": "ocr", "page": 298, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
WORK SHEET
Observer's
Data
Sheet
Question
Punched
Card
Column
1*
2
Code
I.
3.
4.
Serial No.
Serial No.
Day
Month
Year
Day
Month
Day
Month
Hrs.
Min.
Time Units
Duration
Description
Incident serial
number
Insertion
Observed
Reported
Rec'd ATIC
Time of observation
Greenwich C. I.
Duration of
observation
Latitude
Location
5.
Longitude
Cosine latitude
* Denotes separate code key is needed.
299

===== PAGE 299 =====
{"alpha_words": 63, "chars": 783, "method": "ocr", "page": 299, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Observer's
Data
Sheet
Question
6.
7. 8.
10.
Punched
Card
Column
41*
42*
43*
12a. 44*+
126: L5*
12.
12g. 47*
121. 140. 48*
12b. 19
49%
126. 19
50*
12d. I4e.20 51*
12f. 14f. 52*
53*
4. 12h. 14. 18. 19 54*
15.
55*
13. 14.16
56*
57*
17.
58*
59
121. 21.
60
18. 19.
61*
62*
63
24.
64
24.
Code
77%
78*
79*
80*
* Denotes separate code key is needed.
300
Description
Where observer was
Moving - Stopped
How observed
Sound
Color
Number
Light-color
Speed
Appearanc
escrintio
Shape
a/b
Size
Light brightness
Angular velocity
Angular acceleration
Describe appearance
Describe disappearance
Initial elevation
Final elevation
Altitude, 1000 ft.
Object orientation
Civilian occupation
Service occupation
Motion
Elevation
Altitude
Observer
Observer
Report
Preliminary
Final
Evaluation
Identification

===== PAGE 300 =====
{"alpha_words": 6, "chars": 48, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 300, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
EXHIBIT B6é

CODES FOR CARD BIBLE

301 and 302

===== PAGE 301 =====
{"alpha_words": 160, "chars": 1175, "method": "ocr", "page": 301, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CODES
CODE 1. GENERAL
a. These cards (and the corresponding WORK SHEETS) contain data from
Columns referenced to the V. S. Air force lechnic
nformation Sheet (Form A) must have at least one entry
If no data
are available for any column, the I (or 12 punch) should be used.
Do Columns 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40, 41, 42, 43, 44, 45,
46, 47,48,49,50, and 51
are calculated from data appearing in the
U. S. Air Force Technical Information Sheet (Form A). If the basic
data for these calculations are not available, the appropriate columns
are left blank.
c. If a number in any column is used to enter data, then X (or 1l punch)
qualifies the data as indicated in the Code for the specific column.
CODE 7 SIGHTING IDENTIFICATION
(Inis column may or may not
contain multiple punches)
-
All sightings
Unit sightings, all observers
Init sightings, single observers
Init sightings, multiple observer
Object sightings
CODE 22 LOCAL SUN TIME
(Refers to date of G.C.I. observation)
X
O Same day
1 Previous day
answ
9
CODE 23-26 LOCAL SUN TIME
(Calculated from G.C.I.,
date, latitude, and longitude)
CODE 27 LATITUDE
X South Latitude
CODE 31 LONGITUDE
* East Longitude
9
303

===== PAGE 302 =====
{"alpha_words": 88, "chars": 956, "method": "ocr", "page": 302, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U. S. Air Force Technical
Information Sheet Question
Punched
Card
Column
Li
15.
16a•
16b.
16b. 17.
19.
lla.
11b. 39.
17.
18. 24.
llf. 21. 22. 24.
10.
•lle.
5.11.17. 20.
33.
29: 30. 31.2.
31. 32.
41.
38
39
40
41
42*
43*
44
45
46
47%
48
49.
50
51*
52*
53
54
55*
567
57%
58*
59*
60*
61*
62*
63%
64*
65*
66*
57*
68*
69%
70*
71*
72%
73%
74*
75**
76*
77%
78*
* Denotes that separate code key is needed.
304
Code
i
Description
Hour
Angle
Angle of
Elevation
of the
Sun
Group Classification
Sun
Bearing
Angle
Time Units
Duration
of Observation
Group Classification
How Observed
Sound
Object Color
Light Color
Physical
Color Group
Classification
Number
Speed
Shape
Description
Size
Light Brightness
Angular Velocity
Motion
Angular Acceleration
Appearance Bearing
Disappearance Bearing
Initial Elevation Description
Final Elevation
Orientation
Maneuvers
Observer Occupation
Observer Rating
Observer
Report Rating
Reliability Group
Classification
Final Identification

===== PAGE 303 =====
{"alpha_words": 106, "chars": 985, "method": "ocr", "page": 303, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CODE 47 GROUP CLASSIFICATION
(Derived from the angle of elevation)
I
1
2
5
6
7
8
9
CODE 48-51 SUN BEARING ANGLE
(Calculated)
CODE 51 SUN BEARING ANGLE
X East of the Meridian
- 79.99° to + 79.99°
+80.00º to +89.99°
+90.00º to +100.00°
+100.01° to 130.00°
+130.01° to +180.00 and -180.00º to -100.01°
-100.00° to -90.01°
-90.00º to -80.00°
CODE 52 DURATION TIME UNITS
CODE 55 DURATION GROUP CLASSIFICATION
I
0 Days
1
2
Hours
Minutes
Seconds
5 second and less
1
6 - 10 seconds
2
11 - 30 seconds
31 - 60 seconds
61 seconds - 5 minutes
5
6
6 - 30 minutes
Over 30 minutes
CODE 56 OBSERVATION METHOD
X Variable
• Naked eye
1
• Eye glasses
2
Window
Windshield
Binocul ar
Telescope
Theodolite
Radar
Photographic
Other
CODE 57 SOUND
* Variable
Motors
Jets or rockets
Explosion
Unlike aircraft
Hiss, swishing, whining
Rumbling
Humming or buzzing
None
8
9
Other
CODE 58 OBJECT COLOR
Variable
I
• Metallic
I Light, glow, luminous
• Red
3 Orange
4
Yellow
5
Green
6
Blue
7 Violet
8 Black
9 White
305

===== PAGE 304 =====
{"alpha_words": 143, "chars": 1174, "method": "ocr", "page": 304, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CODE 59 LIGHT COLOR
X Variable
O White
1 Black
2 Grey
3 Red
4
Orange
5
Yellow
6 Green
7 Blue
8 Violet
9 Other
CODE 60 COLOR GROUP CLASSIFICATION
* Light glow
• White
1 Metallic
2
: Red
3
Orange
4
Yellow
5
Green
.6 Blue
7 Violet
8 Black
9 Other
CODE 62 SPEED
Variable
Hovering, stationary
Less than 100 mph
100 - 400 mph
More than 400 mph
Meteor-like
Not stated
Other
CODE 63 SHAPE
X Variable
Ellipse
1 Rocket
2
Conventional aircraft
Unconventional aircraft
Meteor, come
Lenticula
6
Conical
Teardrop
8 Flame, tails, fire
9 Fire
CODE 65 LICHT BRICHINESS (Intensity)
X Decreased
Sunlight on mirror
1
• Sunlight on aluminum
2 Sunlight on plaster
3 Sunlight on stone
4 Sunlight on soil
5 Brighter than moon
6 Like moon
7 Duller than moon
8 Barely visible
9 Other
CODE 61 NUMBER
2
romano
7-10
11-20
21-30
9 31 or more
CODE 64 SUBTENDED VISUAL ANGLE
(Referred to sun diameter)
Decreased in size
0.1
0.2
0.5
0.75
1.0
1.5
7
2.0
4.0
8 400 to 10.0
9 Other
CODE 66 ANGULAR VELOCITY
X Variable
Zero
I Very slow, 1° per second
Slow, 3 per secono
3
Moderate, 6º per second
Rapid, 12° per second
Very fast, 30° second
6
Extremely fast, 90° per second
7 More than 90° per second
9 Other
306

===== PAGE 305 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 958, "method": "ocr", "page": 305, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CODE 67 ANGULAR ACCELERATION
(Change in angular velocity)
Variable
Zero, V = constant.
Increasing slowly
Decreasing slowly
Increasing fast
Decreasing fast
Increasing very fast
Decreasing very fast
CODE 68 APPEARANCE BEARING
1
2
6
7
8
9
CODE 69 DISAPPEARANCE BEARING
* Disappeared suddenly
N
Ne
E
Se
S
SW
NW
CODE 70-71 ELEVATION
WITH RESPECT TO GROUND, DEGREES
Initial
Final
Variable
X Variable
0-9
1
2
10-19
20-29
30-3.
10-45
50-59
60-69
70-79
80-89
0-9
10-19
20-29
30-38
40-49
50-59
60-69
70-79
80
-89
CODE 72 OBJECT ORIENTATION
Apparent inclination of principal
axis of object from horizontal
X Variable
+90° to 60°
1
2
+60° to 30°
+30° to 10°
+10° to 0°
4
5
6
7
8
9
0°
0° to -10°
-10° to -30°
-30° to -60°
-60° to -90°
_ CODE 73 MANEUVERS
OH
CODE 74 OBSERVER OCCUPATION
Civilian, occupation not stated
Army, military
2 Marine, mitatary
viF
Coast guard, military
Merchant marine, military
6
Commercial air, civilian
Government contractor, civilian
8
9
307

===== PAGE 306 =====
{"alpha_words": 94, "chars": 851, "method": "ocr", "page": 306, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DE 75 EVALUTION OF OBSERVER RELIADILITY
CODE 76 EVALUATION OF ROPORI RELIABILITY
X
O Complete ,
2 Faste
• Fair
n.
Doubtful
Poor
ino
Not
I
0 Complete
I Quite
2 Fair
3 Doubtful
4
Poor
5 Not
6
7
8
9 Cannot be judged
CODE 77 RELIABILITY GROUP CLASSIFICATION
(Based on observer and report ratings)
Excellent (Observer 0 or 1 and Report 0 or 1)
Good (Observer 0 or 1, Report 2, 3, or 4;
Observer 2,
3, or 4, Report O or 1; Observer
2, Report 2)
Doubtful (Observer 0 or 1, Report 5 or 9;
Observer 2, Report 3, 4, 5, or 9; Observer
3 or 4, Report 2, 3, 4, 5, or 9; Observer 5
Report o, 1, 2, 3, or 4)
Poor (Observer 5, 9, or I, Hepost 5,9, or 8)
9 Cannot be judged
CODE 78 FINAL IDENTIFICATION
X Probably
O Balloon
1 Astronomical
2 Aircraft
3
Light phenomenon
4
Birds
5
clouds, dust, etc.
, Insufficient Information
7 Psychological manifestations
9 Other
308

===== PAGE 307 =====
{"alpha_words": 5, "chars": 34, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 307, "variant": "plain-vision"}
EXHIBIT BI
CARD BIBLE
309 and 310

===== PAGE 308 =====
{"alpha_words": 69, "chars": 530, "method": "ocr", "page": 308, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CARD BIBLE
U. S. Air Force Technical
Information Sheet Question
Punched
Card
Column
I
Code
Description
1.
2. 30
Serial
No.
Sub-
Serial No.
Sighting
Serial
No.
Day
Month
Year
Hours
Minutes
Key
Hours
Minutes
Latitude
Identification
Serial
Number
Identification
Incident
Serial
Number
Observed
Time of
Observation
Greenwich
C. I.
Local
Sun
Time
4.
277
30
31*
32
$5
34
36*
37
Location
Longitude
Regional Area
Strategic Area
* Denotes that separate code key is needed.
Card Deck No.
is identified by an X (or 11 Punch) in Column _
311

===== PAGE 309 =====
{"alpha_words": 87, "chars": 954, "method": "ocr", "page": 309, "variant": "plain-vision"}
U. S. Air Force Technical
Infornation Sheet Question
Punched
Card
Column
15.
16a.
16b.
16b. 17.
19.
lla. 116. 39.
17. 18. 24.
Ilf,
21.
22.
240
10. Ile.
5.11,17. 20.
33.
29. 31.
23. 30. 31. 2.
31. 32.
41.
38
39
40
41
42*
43*
46
47*
48
49
50
51*
527
53
54
55*
56*
57*
58*
59*
60*
61*
62*
63*
64#
65*
66*
57*
68*
69*
70*
71*
72*
73*
74*
75*
767
77*
78*
# Denotes that separate code key is needed.
312
Code
Description
Hour
Angle
Angle of
Elevation
of the
Sun
Group Classification
Sun
Bearing
Angle
Time Units
Duration
of Observation
Group Classification
How Observed
Sound
Object Color
Light Color
Physical
Color Group
Classification
Number
Speed
Shape
Description
Size
Light Brightness
Angular Velocity
Motion
Angular Acceleration
Appearance Bearing
Disappearance Bearing
Initial Lievation
Final Elevation
- Description
Orientation
Maneuvers
Observer Occupation
Observer Rating
-Observer
Report Rating
Reliability Group
Classification
Final Identification

===== PAGE 310 =====
{"alpha_words": 7, "chars": 49, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 310, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
EXHIBIT B8

EXAMPLE OF AN IBM CARD

313 and 314

===== PAGE 311 =====
{"alpha_words": 138, "chars": 2276, "method": "ocr", "page": 311, "variant": "plain-vision"}
315 and 316
Sorial Number
Subsorial Number
Observed
Loti-
tude
G. C.
Time
Regional Area
Strategic Area
Day
Month
Year
Hours
Degrees
Minutes
Hundredths
Angle.of
Eleva-
tion of.
the Sun
Degrees
Hundredths
Group
Duration
of Obser-
vation
Sound
Light Color
Number
Shape
Group
Light Brightness
Time Units
Duration
Angular Accoleration
Disappearance Bearing
Final Elevation
Maneuvers
17 50 39 43 9: 42 45 44
525545a Magisla
CELETED
C
00
10 39 40 41 42|4 4|45 < 57|68|49|50 51/52 53 5:150| 501573
1 1 1 81 1
Bill
111 1 11 11 1 1 11 1 1* 1|
1 11 1 1 1 11 11|1 11
1/1|1|1
| 22222 2 2 2 2 2 22 2 2: 2 2 2 2|2|8 88 2 2 2|2 2|2 2|2|2 22 2IF 2 2 2 2|2 2|2 2 20 2 2 2|20 2|722|0 2012|212|2120212|212
2
2
2
6 10 1 3 30 1020002003027 20129 30080 2353034 25l0 Bee 39 40len 421434195 40a7 astestso sne253 eass soloz belss calciezlos 6alestedion caleeli
3 3 3 3 3 31 33 3 31/3/3 3 3 3/3 3 313 3 3 3|3 3 0 313
3
3/3|3 3 3 3 338333
31
303303 33|3|3130313313
33
31
3|3|313
4444444444444444446444
444R 4414
4.4
222: 3912520/2720.
301
55 5 5 5 5 55
5.
5
15.
5
4|4 4|4447
4 4 4 4 40
44 4 4 4 4 4 44 4 44 4141
4
1 774
25/35
BE 35 45.41
5555658555555505555
47k3
15 6=7|43.
+5 55 51) 52 53 54
5550|57 58|59 50}
5 5 55
5/5
55
515
5,
5
55
51
5.5
51
5
566E60:666666E565G06EE|EG666G|6EGG
8: 9 10
717777
717:71
121/22232:
B: 20127 22 23 00/3: 3293 34 20 2:
77|77 7 7277 7778
7717
7,7
8L
30: 2:
535 2аcа:00г 23
9999999539309399990898999996
6199
? 3 =
12 2 410 26231
* 10 31 32133)
1EM 783727
6|6 6 6|660
66 6 6 66 6 666
6666666.
6l
6I
€
30 39 4.
1 4 3 4
25 40147
50 51/53
155
77
77
163
7 7
717
7|7/7|7|70
5S 54/55
c0l53
7/7
771
8
818
81
8
20 67
6
co 9
8 28
818 8 8
8 818
2881818818
8 B
0 30 30
43 42 45 45147|48145 55 512
5991
9
995
45+51
715
42143
en i
54g
6
0 " or *
E
= 0=
WESE
Sighting Identification
Incident Sorial Number
Key
Hours
Minutes
Degrees
Hundredths
Degrees
Hundredths
Degrees
Hundredths
D
Local
Sun
Time
Longi-
tude
Hour
Angle
Sun
Bear-
ing
Angle
How Observed
Object Color
Color Group
Speed
Size
Angular Velocity
Initial Bearing
Initial Elevation
Orientation
Observer Occupation
Observer Reliability.
Sighting Reliability
Blank - Unused
WE8
29 E0
2
12
2
08n
2
41
4
14
4
16
25 18
IBM-SERVICE BUREAU
4
0/08
Roport Reliability
Final Identification
Blank - Unused
EXAMPLE OF AN IBM CARD
EXHIBIT B8

===== PAGE 312 =====
{"alpha_words": 13, "chars": 80, "method": "ocr", "page": 312, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
A Aare
A

A My 4
I; ae pond
+ 4

an

ANY

(AFR 190-16)

ee a CS a ae oe ee eee
