{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T08:37:47Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 635609, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/cia-uap-007-current-status-of-unidentified-flying-objects-ufo-project.pdf", "source_sha256": "855a0d73d1e9c0fc1b8999aee6fd4186f1539c1b7f7f3d60c4ed60ea35dd35f8"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2428, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved for Release
2026
SECRET
17 December 1953
MEMORANDUM TO: Assistant Director, Scientific Intelligence
FROM
: Chief, Physics and Electronics Division, SI
SUBJECT
: Current Status of Unidentified Flying Objects
(UFOB) Project.
1. In accordance with the verbal request of Mr. Brent, Exec/SI,
on 30 November, the following resume of the current status or unident1-
fied flying objects activities has been prepared.
2. P&E Division assumed responsibility for the OSI project on
unidentified flying objects as a result of your menorandum oi
27 May 1953. The project has been confined to maintaining awareness
of the activities of other agencies (notably the USAF) in the
unidentified flying objects business and to maintenance of files.
3. Status of Department of Defense Activities.
a.
Air Force. The Air Force continues to maintain, but wich
apparently decreasing emphasis, its interest in UFOB's. The present
interest of the Directorate of Intelligence, Hq., USAF, is confined to
a cursory cognizance of ATIC's project (Bluebook No. 10073). At ATIC
the project is carried by one officer (Capt. Charles A. Hardin), one
Phenomena Section of the Electronies Branch, Technical Analysis Division.
In spite of this limited staff, as well as several changes of project
officer, the project records appear to be up-to-date.
ATIC personnel
no longer conduct field investigations of UFOB sightings (these are
requested from USAF intelligence officers [primar|ly Alr Defense
Command and ALways and Air Conmunications "Service) nearer to the
sightings), but confine their activities to receiving and checking
reports as received, requesting additional fiela investigation where
necessary, pericrning necessary checking against neteorological,
astronomical, aircraft and balloon data, and recording their findings
and conclusions in a cross-referenced system by date, location, source,
type of observation and conclusion drawn. The Aerial Phenomena Section
also deals directly with the Public Information Ofrice of Hq., USAF,
reprding information for public release. For about the past year,
approxinately ten percent of the reported sigatings have been tagged
as unsolved..
Of particular interest is the fact that ATIC is in the
process of transferring project Bluebook to Hq., Air Defense Command.
According to It. Col. Harry Johnston, Chief, Electronics Branch, the
reason for the transfer was thut AD had been doing most of the
1953

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 394, "chars": 2608, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SEGRET
investigative work of the project and "if it turns out that these
things (UFOB's) are space ships or long range aircraft fron another
country, ADC is the (Alr Force) Cocaind that would have to take
Col. Johnston followed this comment with the somewhat
contradictory statement that the project transfer did not reflect
any change in Air Force policy. It is indoubtedly true that ADC
is the Al. Force Command primarily concerned with UFOB's at the
present
ine n tha their interceptors are occasionally dispatched
apa net" reporied UFOB's and that their reporting stations and
comminicaiions systems are involved in a considerable portion oi
the UFOB act vity.
ATIC w1l1 maintain liaison with the project.
Approximately a year and one half ago ATIC initiated &
program to purchase cameras for selected ADO radar siies and AACS
control lowers in locations where consistent UFOB reports were
rece ved in the hopes of photographing UTOB's. One lens of the
camera (a stereoscop e type) was to be covered with a simple grating
i o record the spectrographic nature of the UFOB phoiographed. One
hodred "Videon"
35 mm. cameras with "stereon" anastigmat f 3.5 lenses
were pirchased along with 100 gratinga (15,000 line) from CENCO,
Chicaro. Seven y-four (74) caneras were distributed. Ninety percent
o: the gra ings have "gone bad"-. he actual grating separating from
the plast e mounting plates. New gratings are expected shortly and
ATIC expecis to recall all of the 74 distributed cameras and re..
eq ip them w!!h the new gratings.
Several months ago we were advised that ATIC planned to
get up a concen rated instrumentation observational erfort in the
Albuquerg e ares.
This has nor been dropped.
Project 3TORK (SECRUI) has beenpreparing, at ATIC request
a coupretensive sla is ical repor: on UFOB sightings during the
period 1947 hro ch 1952. This study 1s now expected to be completed
by 1°: Decerber 1953.
ATTC saves status reports on Project Bluebook on a tri-monthly
the most recent being Repor: No. 12 30 September 1953.
b. Navy. The tavy in spile of press reports to the
conirary, is presently devoting only part of one ONI analyat's
time to maintaining cognizance of UFOB's.
c. Army. The Army has ev denced little or no interest in
UFOB's other than cooperating with the Air Force in reporting sightings
and pert nent data usine the Air Force format.
4. Investigations or Interests of Foreign Governments.
a. Canada. Considerable attention in the U. 3. press was
recently given to reporig chat the Canadian Defence Research Board
and Department ol Transport had jointly and officially established a

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2085, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SECRET
"laboratory" for recording observable phenonens connected with UFOB's.
It's interesting to note that in his recently published book "Flying
Sarcers From Outer Space" Mr. D. E. Keyhoe states thai, a illbur B.
Smith of the Cansdian Department ol Transport had been conducting
"saucer" investigat ons for three years before 1952, or beginning in
1549. If Keyhoe
is correct and it is the same Wilbur B. Smith
ment oned in his book as in the recent press releases: one might
Keyhoe's book. Several reports have been received
tha! experiments on a flying saucer are actully being
conducted a: A. V. Roe, Itd., Toronto.
brielly
b. Grea: Briiain. The subject of UFOB's was discussed
dur ng his recent visit. He
stated that since
investigation of UFOB's oi two and
one half years ago, initiated
the only
British activlty is the filing of reports as
received by the RAF.
c. Sweden.
No further infornation
is
available.
d.
Other.
Aside from & few scaltered reports, mostly old,
which indicate interest in UFOB's by private individuals or groups,
there is no information o? concern or inquiries of consequence in
other ioreign countries.
5. Resulta of OSI Panel Recormendations. The consultants who
considered this problem in Januzry 1953 recommended that UFOB's be
stripped oï special status and aura of mystery and that policies on
intelligence, training and public education pertinent to true
indicat ons o? hostile intent or action be prepared.
The definite
drop in the number of "sightings" reported during 1953 over 1952
corld be attrib ted to actions following these recoumendations.
recent books ('Flying Saucers From Outer Space" by Keyhoe and "Flying
Savcers Have Landed" by Leslie and Adariski) take full advantage of
"official" UFOB reports released by the Air Force to develop a central
theme that UFOB's are extraterrestrial in origin. Fortunstely, the
In ter book s so nonsensical and obv: ously fraudulent that it may
actilly help calm down public reaction. These books do: however,
Ill strate the risk taken by the present policy. There are no other
TODOS M. ODARENKO
- 3-
