{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T08:37:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 419620, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/cia-uap-008-speculative-paper-by-n-kardashev-and-a-sakharov.pdf", "source_sha256": "3e8ee13c5fa8d61a646144adcf3469b728339c11d6303a1f1b98f1ef1827799e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 401, "chars": 2670, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved for Release 2026
IGENCE
Intelligence Information Report
This moteriel containe Informalion affecing the Notional Defense of the United States within
meaning of the Explenage lows, Title 15, USC
Sece 797 and 794, the romaniacen
or revelation of which in any
mamar to en
mouthorited person is prohibited by lore.
DIRECTORATE OF
INTELLIGENCE
€ et
COUNTRY
USSR
SUBJECT
Speculative Paper by i Kardaabev and
A Sakharov on Charged Mass In Space
at Conference on Origina of Life,
Armenia, 6-8 September 1971/Low
Scientific Level of Other Soviet
Papers
REPOPT NO.
DATE DISTR.
NO. PAGES
REFERENCES
DATE OF INFO. 6-8 September 1971
PLACE & DATE ACQ. BY SOURCE Yerevan/6-8 September 1271
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION
SOURCE
00-B-321/07709-72.
10 Apr 72
2
DCS Case 57,026
This report consists
of edited abstracts from a letter received from a reliable colleague
who attended the Yerevan Conference.
1. At the Conference on the Origins of Life in Yerevan, Armenia, SSR,
6-B September 1971, N S Kardashev, Inatitute for Space Research, Moscou,
read an interesting but highly speculative paper he had prepared on
general relativity and the possibility of a body collapsing into a
black hole in space.
His co-author was the internationally famous
theoretical physicist, Andrei D Sakharov.
Kardashev 1s very much like
his suverior and former teacher at the Institute, I S Shklovskiy, in
his approach to scientific problems. le is not afraid to speculate in
his effort to tind a solution.
2. The Kardashev-Sakharov paper concerned
the authors' study of what happens
when a charged mass or body collapses in space.
Kardosher stated that,
if it vere not charged, the mass would Just collapse past the point of
gravitational singularity and be gone forever.
In other words, the mass
would close in on itself and have no more
contact with the outside
world.
The Soviets speculated on what would happen if the mass were
charged.
They stated that then the mass would be able to bounce. It
would collapse but bounce back out.
However, the mass will come back
into a different part of space time.
After his presentation, Kardashev told a US attendee that Sakharov was
mostly interested in this charged mass phenomenon study because it in-
dicates that the structure of space may be much more complicated than
is presently thought.
Kardashev was interested in the study from the
viewpoint of what implications it has for astrophysies, provided the
basic physies of the phenomenon is correct.
l'he US attendee felt the
authors"
speculation was a little fantastic and they had taken off in
a rather wild way.
lowever, he believed their paper was grounded in
good and sound physics.
5
2
2

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 304, "chars": 2053, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
4. 'Ine US attendee considers Kardasher to be very competent technically
and further to be very self-possessed.
He recalled an incident in the
spring of 1971 when Kardashev, I I Matveyenko and he visited Acadenician
Lev Artsimovich, secretary of the Academy's Department of General
Physics and Astronomy.
Mat verenko, Inatitute for Come Resentch Was
a Conmunist Party member and very expert in political matters.
ulmost cringing in Artsimovich's presence whereas Kardasher was cool
and confident in his business-like discussions with the senior Academi-
cian.
5.
In general,
recall his name) gave a very naive paper on the detectability of pinnets.
Another Soviet, who was a member of a committee the USSR has established
to investigate unusual phenomena, in other words, flying saucers, gave
"Hell, of course, we know there isn't anything to this alleged phenome-
non (flying saucers), but on the other hand-..."
During this talk
Shklovskiy and other Soviets joked and laughed and obviously did rin.
take the speaker's remarks seriously. Shklovskiy remarked later to a
US attendee that the "flying saucer committee" consists of many poli-
ticians, theorists, historians and similar type people. It has little
if any scientific talent.
6. Shklovskiy gave a general, entertaining talk on vome interesting but
unimportant subject.
Vitaliy I Ginzburn, one of the leading, astronorers
in the USSR, also gave a talk on the basis of physicil theory, that is,
tle identification and comparison of fundamental assurations in physics.
Ginzburg has a first rate mind and is sounder in his physics knowledçe
than Shiloyskiy. Ginzburg thinks realistically, which war: showr in ni:
answer to a US attendee's question about the Conference. "he Sovier:
was asked whether the Conference was worthwhile in that it •as mostly
devoted to theoretical subjects, very remote from tangible goals.
Ginzhurg said, "Well, if it helps to build up support for the Soviet
resenichers tn get new astronomical equipment, then certainly the Con-
¡crance mries sense."
- end -
= lo
