{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T08:37:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 521075, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/cia-uap-006-sighting-of-unconventional-aircraft.pdf", "source_sha256": "eaa9a2e8a96ab61bf2a4e1bac1a68b6a896f2fec16fb2b11a158072d9e9ba58e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 670, "chars": 4174, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved for Release 2026
den. bussy
SEE BOTTOM OF PAGE FOR ADDITIONAL SPECIAL CONTROLS, IF ANY
D321456
SEER BI
This material Contains information affecting the
INFORMATION REPORT
National Delense of the United States within the
meaning of the Espionage Laws, Title 18. U.S.C.
PREPARED AND DISSEMINATED BY
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
Secs. 793 and 794, the transmission or revelation
of which in any manner to an unauthorized per
son is prohibited by law.
COUNTRY
REPORT NO.
USSR
00-B-90229
SUBJECT
Sighting of Unconventional Aircraft
DATE DISTRIBUTED
15 N0V:55
NO. OF PAGES
NU. UF ENCLS
SUPPLEMENT TO REPORT *
PLACE ACQUIRED (By source)
Azerbai jan SSR
DATE ACQUIRED (By source)
DATE OF INFORMATION (Date or dates, on or between which,
events or conditions described in report existed)
4 Oct 55
4 Oct 55
RESPONSIVE TO
00/c-Case 19074
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION
SOURCE US national, 41 years old, publicity and advertising vice president of large
His major education vas in the field of political science
(Phi Beta Kappa), and he has lectured extensively on current affairs.
He has had
no technical training or experience in aviation matters.
He recently visited
the USSR as a tourist at the invitation of a senior Soviet official.
1.
At 1630, 4 Oct 55, I boarded a train at Baku for Tiflis in the company of
three other US nationals, one of whom shared a Wagon-Lit compartment with
me; the other two occupied the adjoining compartment.
The train ran very
slowly, making every stop; I would estimate its overall speed at 20 mph.
Exactly two hours and forty minutes out of Baku, one of our group in the
compartment next door entered my compartment and said, "Did you see that
out there? I just saw a flying saucer."
I and my compartment companion
were about to laugh it off when the man from next door pointed out of the
window again, and then we all saw the following sight.
2.
3.
On the lefthand side of the train, between the train and the Caspian Sea
coast, was a large air field. The evening was dark but clear.
searcolight,
on the field itselt, shone on a triangular object on the
ground which i would say was probably not more than two miles distant
from the railroad.
Collector's comment: Source first estimated that
the air field was about five miles away but,
changed the distance to the object to two miles further reflection,
The size of the object
was comparable to that of a US jet fighter, with a squat shape and in the
form of an equilateral trangle. There were three lights on the object,
one on each point of the triangle, presumably two wing lights and a tail
11ght. As we watched, it was ejected from its launching site, making not
less than three and not more than seven fast spirals in the air, after
which it climbed extremely fast at about a 45 degree angle,
It elimb and saw it reach a high altitude; the searchlight followed
It all the vay.
I wish to emphasize that this was no ordinary take-off but & launching
procedure more like a missile ejection.
Our companion from next door
reported that this was the second launching in rapid succession.
4.
I believe that the train at the time of the sighting was between 50 and
65 miles south of Baku.
The Caspian Sea was still visible.
While the
four of us vere still watching the object ascending, the stevard came
In and pulled down the blinds.
When I began to protest, the stetard
pointed toward the rear of the car and shook his head, indicating to me
that the MVD man who had boarded the train at the moment of departure
had ordered the blinds drawn.
DISTRIBUTION
STATE
ARMY
NAVY
FAIR
FBI
NOFORN
NO DISSEM ABROAD
LIMITED
LIMITED:
Dissemination limited to full-time employees of CIA. AEC and FBI; and, within State and Defense, to the intelligence components, other
offices producing NIS elements, and higher echelons with their immediate supporting
Is.
Not to be disseminated to consultants, external projects
or reserve personnel on short term active duty (excepting individuals who are normuny full-time employees of CIA, AEC, FBI, State or Defense)
unless the written permission of the originating office has been obtained through the Assistant Director for Collection and Dissemination, CIA,

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 51, "chars": 342, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
S-S-C-R-BL
•
- 2 -
5. Our party had wished to make this part of the journey by air, but we
vere informed by INTOURIST in Baku that there were no flights betweer
In Tiflis the INTOURIST people were surprised that
our party had not flown and said that there were several 111ghts a
- end -
B/8-02-065
#13
11/55
451
461.87
2I N
3IN
Đ
S-E-C-R-E-T
