{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T09:04:35Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 19, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1417100, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/cia-uap-019-australian-dept-of-defense-scientific-and-intel-aspects-of-the-ufo-problem.pdf", "source_sha256": "a91a8665371816b5463dff7de2f1c4c02ac449ba122d088b2898592c82dba9dc"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 31, "chars": 228, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Approved for Release
2026 Under
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024
Section
1842 of the National Defense
Form No, BI
Introduced 99, 1904
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENCE
FILE
CLOSED
Subsequent correspondence has been placed on
Mile Nos

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 1310, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUBjeCT:
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENCE
JOTI IMTELLIGEHOR
RGANIZAION
MINUTE PAPER
/SA
REFERENCE:
3092/2
DIRECTOR: f4/6
UTTALMIORHCE ASEBOTS OF TAR UED PROBLAM
DSTI
I when you are wady. brib
- Duche
afte poihome send the attrehment,
Jared ake to channes this matte
with you, pee Rim so
Tha two documenta attachod are intendod to focun
espectu of
that have tended to gomain
ruport dealing with the US attitude hea been
anmpiled fron ofticial
reports And atatementa gade by the
Ass Force, Congrassional
Hearinga and Project Blge
The socond decunent deals with aridenon for
weagon oystona waed by
This evidence her been culled
from oomputeriood recorda collectad by Dr Vallae 1n
colleberntion with Dr Hynek as North-Westora Univeralty and
representa
only a fraction or world-side govorts dealing
the asne woapon syatema.f
Australia nas had don shaze
kind of toporting.
2.
Intelligance aspoota ¿nolude asdessment of geal
Snot
talco toporting, ospabilities of progulalon
methods and
poucible noopona
uned, notivation of operations (hazaful or
noty
defenaiye,
oftensivo, botentiflo eto.) for both short-
tez.
and
long-torm and whether thrue are moze effective wajo
detect
those operations on defond them 1f nocenaary•
27th May 1971*
0.11 Jam
(O.H. TURMUR)
NucLear Branch
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 328, "chars": 2271, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SUNNARY
The carly analyses of UFO reports by USAP intelligence
indicated that real phenomena vero being reported which had flight
characteristios so far in advance of U.S. aircraft that only an
extra-terrestial origio could be envisaged. A government agency,
which later events indicated to be the CIA Office of Scientific
Intolligence (OSI), studied the U70 reports with the intention of
determining the UTO propulsion methods. At that time, OSI vas
responsible for intelligence on foreign researeh and development
in nuclear and missile matters.
2.
The CIA became alarmed at the overloading of military
communications during the mass sightings of 1952 and considered
the possibility that the USSR may toke advantage of such a situatiou.
As a rosult, OSL acting through the Robertson-panel meeting of
mid-January 1953, persuaded the USAF to use Project BLUE BOOK as a
moans of publicly "deburking" Upols, and at a later stage to allecote
funds for the Avro advanced "eaucer" aiccraft and the launching of a
crash programme into anti-gravity power..
To initiate such programnes
decades ahead of normal scientifie developsent vould indicate that
the U.S. Government acknowledged the existerce of advanced "aireraft"
which prosumably used a gravity-control method
ot propulsion. An
additional motivation could have been the fear that the USSR would
achieve this goal before the U.S.
3.
By erecting a facade of ridicule, the U.S. hoped to allay
public alara, reduce the possibility of the Soviet taking advantage
of UFO mass sightings for either psychological or actual warfare
purposes, and act as a cover for the real U.S. programme of developing
rehicles that emulate UFO performances. The RAAP together with many
other countries of the world give credence only to the USAP public
facade and appear to have uncritically accerted the associated
information. This information has beon widely discredited by retiring
U.S. service personnel formerly engaged on UPO investigations, as
vell as by scientista and private citizona.
4.
The conclusions of the Condon report conflict with its ovn
contents and has been discredited by nany reputable scientists
including the UFO scientific consultant to the USAE. In accordance
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 309212/000

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 116, "chars": 811, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
with the recommendations of the Condon report, Project BLUE BOOK
was terminated, but presumably this would have little effect on
the main progranne.
5.
It would appent wrong for Australia to remain ignorant ci
the true situation.
We lack an intelligence viewpoint thut can
assess the nature and possible consequences of the problem, a
scientitie vierpoint that could derive scientifically valid data
from the reports and a publie relations viewpoint that can honestly
satisfy public interest. To overcome these deficiencies in the
Australian investigation of UFO'S, it would seem that a strong care
exists for the acceptance of the RAAP suggestion that another
government department assume responsibility for the investigation
and analysis of UFO reports-
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2544, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
49
U.S. OFFICIAL ATTITUDE TO U.D.0'S
In June of 1947 the Ali Technical Intelligence Centre
(ATIC) near Dayton, Ohio, dosuned a responsibility to investigate
the initial reports of flying saucers' Within a month it was
considered that the phenomena weze zeal and probably of Soviet
origin. Er the end of the yar, when ATIC was officially authorised
to investigate under the projoct code nane of SIGN and with & high
priority, most nf the investigators vero focussing on an inter-
planetary racher than a Soviet origin, These opinions vere
crystallized into a vritten estimate that was sent to the Pentagon
in September 1948. When the interplanetary conclusions were rejected
on the grounis of insufficient bard evidence, a reaction set in at
ATIO against trying to unravel the UFO problen.
In Pebruary 1949, ATIC personnel on Project SIGN
were
replaced with ner personnel to form Project GRUDGE. A definite
attempt was made during 1949 to use Project GRUDGE to destroy any
acceptance of UFO'S.
The motives for tbis are not clear: possibly
Air Force embarrassment at being incapable of controlling the
situation and/or a fear of national
panic prompted USAF to try and
remove the problem by denying its existence. Another possible
motive may have been to provide a breathing space for another
"investigative agency" to reach some conclusion, the agency had been
assisting ATIC through 1948 and, contrary to official USAF policy,
was mainteining a high level of interest during 1949. This governmental
agency was not the FBI, and bad rocket, nucleaz and intelligence
experts, their purpose mes to study UPO reports in an effort to gather
design data on interplanetary spaceships. In the light of later
developments, this agency was almost certainly the CIA.
Project GRUDGE failed to eliminate the UFO problem. UFO
roporto in 1949 actually exceeded the number in 1948, and several
people vho bad gained.
docess to earlier official reports were able
to contradict the USAP: Journalists
generally felt that GRUDGE
reporting represented a cover to a more serious knowledge, Eventually,
USAF intelligence decided that a fresh approach to the problen vas
necessary: Betreen September 1951 and the establishment of Project
BLUE BOOK in March 1952, UFO investigation regained adequete finencial
and administrative support to once again analyse the collected data.
Project BLUE BOOK was able to process the data fróm 3,200 reports into
a form suitable for their consultants to be able to use IBM card
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2474, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
sorting machines.
The summer of 1952 sav
4 more than twenty- fold rise in
the normal rate of reporting and included the two extensive July
eightinga invelving Washington D.C. This marked increase in sightings
had diverse effects. A component of USAP intelligence considered
that UFO's were interplanetary spaceships which wore about to make
closer contact. To prepare the publie for this possibility, 41
previously classified reports vere released for publication between
August 1952 ond February 1953.
These reports contradicted the
earlier official USAP policy of dismissing the reports as mis-
identifications ote. On the other hand, the CIA regarded the summer
UFO activity as a threat to national security mainly because the
resulting crowded communications and defence forces involvement
lessened the level of national alertnees against possible enemy ettack.
A scientitic ponel chaired by I,P. Robertson wes convened by
the Office of Sciontitio Intelligence of CIA during mid-January 1953
for the purpose of recommending future action on the UPO problem:
Briefings vere nade both by CIA and USAP. ATIC personnel
showed
tae
then classified two movie films of UF0's and the early results of
statistical analysis of 3,200 reports...
Because of the vital issues
involved, the panel felt restricted to reconnending that the
investigation
be continued, but with increased personnel and equipment.
The USAP responded promptly with an instruction to comply with these
recommendations,
6.
The CIA, hoverer, in a report dated 16 February 1953 showed
• preference to
publicly abandon the investigstion whilst intensitring
the collection of data. By September 1953 the CIA position had been
largely achieved with Project BLUE BOOK reduced from a staff of ten
qualitied personnel operating at a top secret level to a virtually
inactive project involving one airman. The investigating component
bed been transterred to the 4602nd Air Intexligence Service Squadron
which ves trained in rapid intelligence procurement and reported to
Air Defence Command and USAT Intelligence Washington rather than
BLUE BOOK. Direct access betveen the 4602nd AISS and all USAP units
was authorized by AFR 200-2 whereas previously this privilege had
been given to BLUE BOOK. Although only the airmon (first-class)
remained in September 1943, BLUE BOOK was later built up to one
officer, one sergeant, one secretary, and a part-time consultant
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2447, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3.
(41)
Dr I. Allen Hynek, staying at about this level until it was closed
down in December 1969.
During this time BLUE BOOK served mainly
as a means of supplying unclassified summaries of UFO identifications
to the public, and did not forn a vitai link in collection or
serious analysis.
7.
Control of publie avareness of the UFO situation was
tightened by the issuing of TANAP 140 in 1953 which prohibited
service personnel
from
discussing UFO's by threatening defeulters
with up to 10 years gaol and up to a $10,000 line.
When service
personnel resigned or retired, hovever, it was possible to reveal
USAF attitudes or opinions even if actual data was still restricted.
In this way many Intelligence Officers associnted with the UFO problem;
including Major D. Fournet who was BLUE BOOK Project Officer at the
Pentagon until late 1952, Captain E. Ruppelt who headed Project
GRUDGE and Project BLUE BOOK until September 1953 and Admiral
Hillenkoetter who directed CIA From its inception until October 1950,
on retiring from the services, all publicly stated that the u.s.
Government knew UFO's vere extra-torrestial but was withholding
this Pact from
the public.
the National Investigation Committee on Aerial Phenomena
(NICAP) was formed in 1956 to counter the publioly suppressed USAF
investigation of UFO's, the first Chairman was Admiral D.S. Fahrney
who had directed the Navy's guided missile programme from its
inception.
Apart from Admiral Hillenkoetter, Major Keyhoe and
Major Fournet, other Directors have included Rear Admiral H.B. Knovles,
General A. Wedeneyer and Col J.d. Bryan (who was a special assistant
to the Secretary of the Air Force). To reduce the effect of these
and similar defections from official policy after retirement; the
rovised JANAP 146B, passed in 1960, made it an offence under the
Espionage Act if data on UFO's were revealed.
9.
The change in style of USAF reporting before and after the
Robertson panel meeting is clearly indicated in the Projoot BLUE BOOK
Special Report No. 14.
The body of the report prepered between
March 1952 and eurly 1953, although biased in favour of a natural
explenation for UFO'5, nevertheless shoved mathematically thet the
evidence favoured an explanation that was scientificelly unknown.
This section of the 316 page report was not released to the public
other
then as a copy to be consulted, assuming the reader knew of
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1959, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
its existence:
Publie distribution vas mede, however, of a so-
called "summary" which in fact did not
sunmarise, not scarcely
allude to the 1947-52 deta, but concentrated on 1953-55 reporting
which was clearly designed to reduce the residual unlowns to an
insignificant number, no matter bor senseless the identification
became.
10.
Within the body of the diffieult to obtain report there
is an interesting diagram. The product of the estimated obcerver
reliability and the report ellability became the sighting
reliability.
The percentage of reports that had to be registered
as "unknown" (1 e. incapable of being even approximately identitiod
as e known object) increased as the sighting reliability improved.
Conversely, the percentage listed as "insufficient information"
decreased
with improving reliability
Sighting
Reliability
No. ot
Reports
Unknown
(6)
Poor
Doubtful
Good
Excellent
435
794
757
213
16.6
13.0
24.8
33.3
Insufficient
Infornation
(%)
21.4
14.0
3,6
4.2
11.
Throughout the years of the UFO phenomenon, there has been
• persistent form of official pronouncements which state that the
percentage of unknowns would be reduced il more data were prailable.
The above table contradicts that statement: Reports of excellent
reliability generally stem from astronomers, pilots, scientists,
surveyors, meteorologists, radar operators ete, complete with
instrumented values and nocurately detailed accounts.
The
introduction of good reliable reporting prevents the ready prosnic
interpretation.
In all probability the overall average percentoge
of unknowns (19.7%) vould have been substantially increased if the
data had been more reliable.
12.
Project BLVE BOOK consultants statistically tested the
unknown object
population to determine tho likelihood thet it vas
similar to the population of identified objects and found that the
probability was less than one in 1028 (ire, using the American
National Archives of Australia
NAA A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1959, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
its existence:
Publie distribution vas mede, however, of a so-
called "summary" which in fact did not
sunmarise, not scarcely
allude to the 1947-52 deta, but concentrated on 1953-55 reporting
which was clearly designed to reduce the residual unlowns to an
insignificant number, no matter bor senseless the identification
became.
10.
Within the body of the diffieult to obtain report there
is an interesting diagram. The product of the estimated obcerver
reliability and the report ellability became the sighting
reliability.
The percentage of reports that had to be registered
as "unknown" (1 e. incapable of being even approximately identitiod
as e known object) increased as the sighting reliability improved.
Conversely, the percentage listed as "insufficient information"
decreased
with improving reliability
Sighting
Reliability
No. ot
Reports
Unknown
(6)
Poor
Doubtful
Good
Excellent
435
794
757
213
16.6
13.0
24.8
33.3
Insufficient
Infornation
(%)
21.4
14.0
3,6
4.2
11.
Throughout the years of the UFO phenomenon, there has been
• persistent form of official pronouncements which state that the
percentage of unknowns would be reduced il more data were prailable.
The above table contradicts that statement: Reports of excellent
reliability generally stem from astronomers, pilots, scientists,
surveyors, meteorologists, radar operators ete, complete with
instrumented values and nocurately detailed accounts.
The
introduction of good reliable reporting prevents the ready prosnic
interpretation.
In all probability the overall average percentoge
of unknowns (19.7%) vould have been substantially increased if the
data had been more reliable.
12.
Project BLVE BOOK consultants statistically tested the
unknown object
population to determine tho likelihood thet it vas
similar to the population of identified objects and found that the
probability was less than one in 1028 (ire, using the American
National Archives of Australia
NAA A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 349, "chars": 2470, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5.
systen, the odds were ten thousand trillion trillion to one
against the unlions being the sane as the knowns) Since the
consultants had arbitrarily called all green fireballs and short
duration (1.0. Jese than five seconds) night time sightings as
known astronomical objects there was an undue preponderance in
that category. Hence, assuming that no astronomical objects were
left in the unknowns,
the statistical tests were repeated with
astronomical identifications removed.
" The odds vore reduced to s?
ten trillion irillion to one. The analysts could not find a vay
to reduce those odds sufficiently further to varrant additional
testing, and irrationally considered the results to be "inconclusive"
While PROJECT BLUE BOOK endeavoured to reduce the official
number of unkrowns - in 1957 they clained only 14 out of 1,000
sightings remained unidentified : the covert progranne expanded
considerably.
The government agency (almost certainly CIA) that
had been collecting data on UFO performance and propulsion methods
during 1948-52 presumably influenced U.S. governmental funding of
certain advanced projects, One project was the Canadian Avro saucer.
A draxing of thia
saucer released in October 1955, shoved a typical
flying disc a described in many UFO reports, the Secretary of the
Air Force, D.A. Quarles, appeared moderately confident that such
a vebicle vould be successfully developed by the D.S.
14.
A more astounding decíaion on the part of the U.S. Government
was to allocate considerable funds to investigate gravity and a
means of controlling
gravity. Despite the fact that science hed
not attained a lovel of competence to deal with either gravity or
anti-gravity problems and the only theory that might be applicable
was Einstein's Unified Field Theory which was still incomplete at the
time of his death, the U.s. chose to support six universities and
government agencies in an all-out drive to conquer the probled.
It is siguificant that at this tine the current theories on UPO
propulsion vere a mixture of gravity control and electro-magnetic
propulsion.
15.
During 1955, because insufficient staff could be recruited
for the project, recourse vas made to an urgent appeal for theoretical
physicists and mathewaticians from AERE Harvell, U.K. The six
Gravity Research Centres being established vere at the Institute for
Advanced Study (Princeton; N..J.), Princeton University, University
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2432, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6.:
of Indiana, Purdue University Research Foundation, University of
North Carolina and
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology
through the (Roger Babson) Gravity Research Instituto (New Boston
N.I.). The latter institute is a non-profit organization foundud
in 1949 with George M. Rideout es Presidont. It was believed that
to make a gravity motor, a gravity differential was required which
necessitated the discovery of an tnsulator, deflector or absorber
of gravity. By 1955, 485 essays had been written on this sabject
and avards totalling $10,800 made for original contributions.
16-
The solentists involved included Teller
from University
of California, Oppenheimer and F.J. Dyson of the Institute of
Advanced Studies, J.A. Wheeler and Richard arnovitt of Princeton,
Vaclay Hlavaty of University of Indiana (who had worked with
Einstein in Prague) and Stanley Deser. The objective was to control
gravity. During 1955 the following firms entered into gravity
and/or electromagpetie programmes: Glenn I. Martin Aviation Co.
(specifically De B. Heirn fron Goettingen University and Dr P.
Jordan from Hamburg University), Convair of San Diogo, Bell Aircreft
of Buffalo, Sikorsky Division, Lear Ine, of Santa Monica, Clarke
Electronics of Palm Springs, California, and Sperry Gyroscope
Division of Great Neck, Long Island, N.T.
17.
Such an intensive onslaught on the gravity enigma was
entirely irrational from the standpoint of conventional science,
and can only be rationalized within the context of a firm belief
that UFO's were real end that the intelligences behind the know
how to control gravity. The drive to barnese this power before
the USSI could do so would be a strong incentive for the U.S.
Government to fully support an anti-gravity programne. By 1966,
46 separate projecte of this nature were being financially supported,
33 of which were under the supervision of the U.S. Air Force.
Although details of most of these projeots have been kept elassified
it vould appear that generally they have not been successful. Work
on gravitational waves by J. Weber and his associates under USAP
Cambridge Research Laboratory jurisdiction has been reported:
fairly extensively since 1966.
18.
During August of 1965 Project BLUE BOOK received 262
reports which was about six times the average number for a month
and was twice any previous month since November 1957. On
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 375, "chars": 2551, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7.
28 September 1965 Maj. Den. LeBailly, Director of Intornation,
formally requested the Air Force Scientifie Advisory Board to
review Project BLUE BOOK. The review suggested that the linited
Project BLUE BOOK staff and the offlotal Investigating officers
did not possess the technical competence to properly identify
' the
phenomena and that university toans should be appointed to
investigate selected sightings. This conclusion was supported
by
the House Armed Services Committee which met on April 5th 1966
in the shadox of a publie furore consequent to the USAF identlying
the well-publicised Michigan sightings as being swamp gas. The
Colarado University was selected for the task and Dr Edvard U. Condon
appointed to lead the project with an initial allocation of $313,000
Iater raised to $525,000.
The Colorado project became discredited when Dr Condon
stated publiely on 25th January 1967 that "my attitude right now
is that there's
nothing to it, but I'm not supposed to reach a
conclusion
for another
year", The revecling of 4 memorandun
outlining a method to trick the public, combined with & general
dissatistaction at Condon's biassed attitude, led to the dismissal
and
resignation of most of the staff ofter most of the investigations
bad
been made but not completely written up. The final report of 965
pages locked coherence, Condon's conclusions vore et variance vith
individual
statt conclusions, although only Condon's conclusions wore
publicised. As a resalt of the Condon report, USAP closed dora
Project BLUE BOOK shortly before the American Association for the
Advancement of Science held & special meeting to counter-act the
effect of the Condon report. The Chairman of the Special Conmittee,
De Thoraton Page, was one of the signatories to the Robertson report.
20-
Dr J. Alien Hynel, scientific consultant to Project Blue
Book 1948-69, began his association with a conviction that all
sightings could be conventionally explained.
Even though doubte
grew in his mind, he found himself obliged
to support of ticial USAP
publie policy.
Since 1966, hovever,
he has become more outspoken
against the USAP attitude and has essisted to convene both
congressional hearings
and scientific symposia on the subject.
Although initially supporting the Condon Committee he became
disillusioned
and critieal of it with the passago of time. It is
quite clear that Dr Hynek along with many other reputable scientiste
do not accept the USAl explanation of misidentification, hysteria or
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 372, "chars": 2437, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
RAAP ATTITUDE TO UFO a
The Directorate of Air Porce Intelligence is the component
of the RAAT that is responsible for the analysis of all official
reporting of Unidentified Plying Objeets. At no stage has there
been more than one part-time officer allocated to this task.
Initial investigation of reports is often undertaken by a part time
investigator from near-by air bases.
The RAAP admits that its
interests lie solely in the aren of air defence and it lacks both
interest and competence to consider the scientific aspects. A
1957 request for the Scientifio Intelligence section of JIB to socept
UPO responsibility vas rejected by JIB. In 1968, the Department of
Air stated that it intended "to take up further the question of
Commonvenlth departments, e=8. Detence, Supply, Education and
Science, Prine Minister's Department ete, to see whether some other
Commonwealth Agency is better placed to assune responsibility for
Unidentified Plying Objeets.
At the sane time we would maintain
our interest in
the
matter and work with any other Commonxealth
agency who is considered to be more appropriate as a co-ordinating
agency for the Commonwealth as a whole". There does not arpear to
have been any fulfillment of this intention to seek Cormonwealth
assistance.
2.
In support of the RAA's admission of scientific disinterest;
an identification list of all sightings made between 1960 and 1965
contains 15 identifications of Venus, not one of which is valid*
In every case Venus was in a totally different part of the sky or not even
above the horizon. Out of 37 meteor identifications, only 9 could
possibly be meteors and
even several of those cases would bo doubtful.
This off-band unscientifie attitude to identification did not escape
the notice of the press or vardous scientists.
In general, the RAAP attitude has been guided by the USAT
public releases which were aimed at allaying publie interest by
denying the reality of UFO's. Consequently, most of the Australian
reports vere given identifications without a great concern lor
rational correlation. Most investigators and collectors regarded
their UPO tasks as an intrusion into thoir more legitimate tasks.
As a result, there has been a negligible scientific analysis of the
data and most opinions expressed by DAFI have been largely a reflection
of the USAE public attitude. With the present reduced staft of DAFT
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 95, "chars": 638, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9.
it is unlikely that UFO roports will receive any treatment beyond
tiling*
4.
If Australia is to follow the U.S. Lead, instead of
folloving the publie USAT attitude, it would he preferable to
follow the USAP/OIl role of concentrating on gaining a knowledge
of the pover sources involved. However, it may be proferable to
act independently of the U.S. and initiate a programme that is
scientifically sound and intellectually honest towards unravelling
the UFO mystery. In such a venture, it may be worthwhile working
somewbat closer to the publio than
lo usual in the U.S. and U.K.
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 351, "chars": 2467, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
APPENDIX "A"
CHRONOLOGY OF U.S. INVESIIGATION INTO U-F.O.
PHENOMONA
Lete
24.6.47
6.47
26.7.47
23.9.47
30.12.47
15.1:48
22.1.48
24.7.48
9.48
13.12.48
1,49
2.49
Event
Arnold sighting of nino "saneers" creatos public interest.
Investigations initiated by Air Technical Intelligence
(ArIO) of Air Material Command (ANO, Army Air Forces)
Instiplly Soviet advaneed dirorott vere suspected.
National Security Act creates both the USAF and CIA.
Twinine (AM requested the Commander Army Air Forces
to issue an authoratys priority and code name fot the
investigation of "flying disea".
Preliminary conclusions
vere that the phenomena wore real and not vis onary
or fiositiona".
that the objedts were mostly dist- shaped
of man-made
aircraft and were intelligently
Any U.S. attempt to design aircraft of similor
performance would be costly, line-consuming and detrimental
to other projecte.
Investigatines by ANO would continue
pending further advice.
Authority given to AMC to Investigate
the phenomena
priority 24 basis under the code-nome Progect Sign:
Minimum classification vos Restricted, roports were to be
made quartorly and date exchanged with interested
parties:
USAF officially a separate service.
Project Sign starts officially•
Nonz collision betveen DC3 and UPO prompt ATIC to write
an Estimeto
of the Situation.
The Top Secret Estinate was forvarded to the Pentagon,
conclusion that UEO's vere of interplanetary
ordgin was not
acceptable to the Air Force Chiel of Stall (General Vandenberg)
insisted on demonstrable proof not circumstautial
ATIC vas unable to provide UtO hardvore or
Dr J.E. Lipp of the Rand Corporation perlied to the Director
or Rescarch and Develorment, USAT,
that it the flying objects
vere inter-planetary they would most likely originate fron
Mars although intelligent life as we know it would "be more
occupied with survival than we are on Earth"
Our present
technology connot conceive as to how an
inter-stellar race
could reach Barth, even though it is conceded
that there is
a high
probability that intelligent life does exiat within
say 16 light-years from Earth.
USAP orders Project Sign to becone Project Grudge which
should terminato before the end of 1949.
Final report
at Project Sign (TR-2274 IA of the Technical
Intelligerce
Division AMO) recommended that orly a
minimum effort be devoted to recording, analyzing and
evaluating reports, but on the otber hand where tactual
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2680, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11.2:49
8.49
27.12.49
3.50
evidence
and dato an
as photographs, radar, physical evidence
size ond shape is involved, every effort
mado to collect this evidenco. Radio alerts to
other military units should be made.
Projoct Sign officially becomes Project Grudge.
Accoruine
Sign personnel elther
volünteered
do loave or
were compelled to leave.
replaced by
personnel willing to ridicule the concopt of
1949, Grudge personnel did not tollow up reports.
Secret Technical Report No. 102 AC 49/15-100 "Unidortified
Flying Objects - Project Grudgenot about 600 pages issued,
with the
conclusion that all reporte were the result of
misidentifications,
mase hysteria and hoaxes even though
they
admit to 23% of the reporte as being "unknown".
report vas declassified 1 August 1952*
Departuent of Defense nevs releuse stated that the Air Porco s
flying saucer projoct had been terminated.
Publication
of a report, previously
cleared by the U.d.
Army; describing the treking of a U0 by an official team
led Dy Cordander Moleughlin of the White Sands (misaie)
provine ground.
Prom the tracking data, it was concludod
that the UrO roguired an extraterrestial
origin.
14.9.51
On learning that Allo was not investigating uro eeports,
the USAL DIrector of Intolligenre Quenerod
Cabell)
ordered
Project Grudge to be revitalized.
This was acted upon at once.
27.10.51
3.52
Project Grudge nor headed by Cant. Ruppelt.
Project Grudge renamed Project Blue Book.
staff had built up to 10,
cltarances.and
a highly qualified research group of consultants providod
expertise.
As part of Project Stocky
research group
(RAND is a possibility) started to transoribe data onto
TEN cards for future analysis.
29.4:52
Air Porce Letter 200-5 ordered all USAF units to wire UPO
reports direct to NIIC with a copy to the Pentagon.
Project
Blue Books wes
permitted to
contact any UZAL unit direetly:
allowing rapid investigation:
June-Aug 52 During
1948-51 the averape monthly numbor of reports was 15
June, vuly and
August of
337 inoluding 336 darlos July.
The 0F0/s.
were not only
secr
in greater numberdy
was a greater
number of felteblo
witneeses.
Several sensitive
Atone Energy Conmission plants
and detence units:
were subfected to cloce
approaches.
Dolence connunications were being overloaded and there
fears that U.S. reaction time against onery action was being
hindored.
19/26.7.52
Two series of radar visual
sightings
Washington
the capitol end
White House
electrified
the nation.
As a reault of the upsurge ol interest in scientific
military circles,
interplanetary hypothesis gained ground
despite officiol efforts to explain avay the sightings.
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 421, "chars": 2988, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
21.8.52
started releesing
reports to the IPO suitor,
for publication.
This was a completoly
unexpected
change of policy.
The contents of
these teportu
refuted the pullio pronouncements made by the USAP.
addition e Use spokesman agreed
explain the washington
as due to onomalous
propegation could not be opheld.
21.11.52
14/17.1.53
CIA arrangod four governoont scientists to noot at ATIC
tor three days as a preliminary roview panel
6o
decide an
recommendations for a higher-level panel of sik solectiots,
The Office of Scientitie Intelligence, CIA, convened 1a
ashington D. a ponel of six scientists
Dra I.P.
lobertson (Chairman Luis Alvarez, blord berler,
A. Goudsmit,
Thornton Page and one other.
days
of evidence,
tro-page secret report that was
prepared
the fourth
day, concluded
direct
thirent
to national
security but that there was en
indirect
threat to "the orderly tunetioning of
the protectivo
organs of the body politic".
lt vas recommended that
national security agencies
should 'strip the
U20's of thic
specte, statue they
to educațe the
public accordingiy:
10.2.53
CIA issund a larger büt still
secret report on the meeting,
summarising the eight half day sessions
members' individoal
viewpoints.
and outlining panel
The lack of
antitacts of
clent extro terrestial origin vas a strong
argument against
accuptance of the extra-terrestial hypothesis.
The penel
agreed with CIA doncern
that oneny artilacta pay be
misidentified by U.S. detenco personnel, that emergency
reporting channels be
overloaded
ard that the public may
becono vulnerable to enery paychological varfure.
The pubize
should be educatoo to pecognise Dalloons, meteoro ete* 000
a policy of
"debunting"
should be introduced
reduce public interest.
"training and debunking"
progranne
would be requirod for "a minimum of one and ono
two years".
"Some expansion of the ATIC effort
would certaints be
required to support
such a progranne".
A professional start
of 12 supported by an administrative
stact was suggestiod.
• 53
Section II,
Title 18 of the Joint Aray, Navy and Air Farce
Publication
(JANAP 146) legislated
that service personnel
talking
about E0 sightings
were liable to 1-10 yeare gaol
and/or a line of up
to 610, 000.
26.8.53
Air Force Regulation (AFR 200m2)
authority from Projeot Bine Book
Defence Command's 4602 Air Intelligence Service Squadron,
a unit dispersed over drea commands,
and trained both for
rapid access to remote areas
personnol:
The Air Force requires
immediate.
reporting to
evaluate the threat, and dotailed
reporting to
assist
technicel abalysis.
ad written reports
are to be
sent
to USAF Intelligence in Washington, mainland reports.
80108
to Alt Defense Commond for distribution to
first
#intorested
lovestigative
agencies!'
Electrical reports are addressed
to both these
headquarters and to ATIC.
The pubiio is to
be informed
of the
results of individual cases only when
"the object is positively identired as a tamer
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2441, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9.53
1,12×53
17.2:54
15-5.54
10.6.54
2.2.55
23:8,55
25•10.55
Beadquarters USAT will reloase summaries of evaluatod
data
the publie.
the staft vos
reduced to
Just one airman (irot-class) *
instramentation plaos bad been negated except for
dietraotion cameras wich had been shown to be uselese;
The distribution of 275 dietraetlon-grating caneres
(200 to U.S.
bases
75 to oversens bases) was
completed.
Airline pilots at a meeting at the koosevelt Hotel,
Hollywood
vere coerced by military intolligence using
JANAP 146 to agree to not inforning the public of their
sightings, and contine their reporting to official channels;
USAT Chief of Statt, General Nathen Trining,
stated "The
are working on
this problem
trying to solve this
not referring to Project
General trining,
Blue Book.
Deputy Commandar of Intelligence at ATIC, Colonel O'Mara,
atatel
that more than a thousand people were working on
the problen.
e Lear, ubairpon of bear 1nc., santo honica stated
that because of
flying sancers, serfous efforts vere being
made in
the U.S. to prove the existence of anti-gravitationel
forces.
that the U.S. Government had taken over the
Canadian Avro
project.
This was a circular
nerofoil povered by jets and designed
to take oft and
vertically, bover, travel at 1500 mph and chänge
The dogign specifications
Por performance and
shape were clearly direo ly related
to UFO reporting.
project was started in 1952-52 and in 1954 after 5100,000
bad been spenty
the Canadian Government withdren its
financial
When the U.S..
assuned control over the
it imposed a high lerol of security, preventing
ever Canadian offictals from inspeeting the propises.
the press release meeting on
25 October 1955 for
report No. 14, photogrens ol a draving of the proposed
version shoved a typical flying disc.
Releace of Project Blue Book Speciol Report No, 14 dated
5 May 1955.
originally compiled by Projeot
Blue Book
consultants vho analysed 3,200 reports
out of 4,000 received by the end of 1952.
vere used to brief the Robertson penel in Jab.
has bear added let ng eating to the 193255 persod and
dismissing UF0 as mainly nicidentifications.
unconfortable conclusions of the main report vere concealed.
Only 100 copies of the main report were diatributed
restricted don-pubiio basis (the only Aestralian
destroyed by the RAAP in
1959) Whereas copies
misleading "summarg" wore freely available to press änd
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 2310, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
$4.58
24.12.59
First sanitized vorsion of Robertson (short) roport released.
• 60
28.9.65
3.2.66
5.4.66
0.6.66
20.6.66
19.9.66
6.10,66
29.7.68
8.1.69
• 69
Inspestor general of Air force circulates classured
"gro's Sarious Basiness" in an effort to stimuloto and
improre the reporting of UFO's.
Investigating officers.
are to be egrippod with geiger counters as well as a canora,
binoculars and sampling containers,
TANAP 146L invokes espionago lava do prevent the resting
of UPO datax
Following the August peak of UFO activity, the USAP Oftice
of Information requests a review of Project Blue Book:
USAF Scientifie Advisory Board Ad Hoc Committee covieren
Project
Blue Book.
Although the Committee considered nost
unidentifieds were due to inadequate analysis,
they also
accused Blue Sook of identifying
objects
#hen the evidence
collected vas too meagre or too indolinite"
It was
recommended that Univeralty contracte be made and that more
solentifieally trained investigators be used.
U.8. Congrese Houso Committee on Armed
Services recommends
that Project Blue
Book reporte be.
investigated by Univereity
contract
De Mc Donald reade Roberteon (complote) report which had been
declassilied
under 12 year nde.
Rovertson report teclassitied. Second sanitized version
issnedi
AFR 80-17 replaces APR 200-2 and transfers responsibility
from Intellicence to Researoh and Develornent.
Para 12(0)
states "Mr Force ochelons receiving suapected or petua
UPO material will safeguard it to prevent
any detering on
alterations
which aught
reduce its value for intelligence
exemination
ind analysis".
Contract signed with Colorado University.
U.S. Congress House Committeo
on Science and Astronautles
beld a one-day ayoposiuo on UFO's 21
which many proniuent
scientists testified in favour of UFO's being real and
requiring
international investigation.
Condon report published.
Condon's conclusions vere
supported
by the staft
conclusions.
1. Allen Hynok's contract as Scientitle consultant on VrO!
lo the USA Proces blue
Book was not renered (after 21 yenrs)
17:12.69
Project Blue Book closed
down,
26/31.12.69 The American Association for the Advancement of Science
Boston to discuss UFO's.
One outcone was a resolution
appealing
for Blue Book data to be released.
National Archives of Australia
NAA: A13693, 3092/2/000
