{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T08:37:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1107431, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/cia-uap-005-german-scientists-article-on-flying-discs.pdf", "source_sha256": "85e84eb491e2331aebecb0ea021eb64d67795dc4c25197ca293ddfcffc81dee9"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 176, "chars": 1264, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Approved for Release 2026
1 2000
•
O51 ira
CLASSIFICATION
CENTRAL. INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
INFORMATION REPORT
REPORT NO. SO DD-2771,3
CD NO.
COUNTRY
SUBJECT
Chile Germany
German Scientist's Article on "Flying Discs"
DATE DISTR.
NO. OF PAGES
31 July 1950
1
PLACE
ACQUIRED
DATE OF
INFO.
Chile, Santiago
Retara 19 CiA Library
NO. OF ENCLS. I
(LISTED BELOW)
Prios to mid-1950
GRADING OF SOURCE
COMPLETELY USUALLY
FAIRLY
NOT
RELIABLE
USUALLY
RE LIABLE RELIABLE
REVABLE
TA.
IR.
NOT
RELIABLE
CANNOT
ĐE
JUDGED
SUPPLEMENT TO
REPORT NO.
COLLECTOR'S PRELIMINARY GRADING OF CONTENT
CONFIRMED
PROBABLY
POSSIBLY
PROBABLY
CANNOT
BY OTHER
TRUE
TRUE
DOUBTFUL
FALSE
BE
SOURCES
JUDGEDAR
12.
s.fff
81 дно 82, A8 SURNDED.
WIDIED EV LAE. DEPRODUCYION OF THIS PURS 18 PROHIBITED
# Documentary
THIS IS UNEVALUATED INFORMATION
SOURCE
Attached for your infomation is a copy, in translation, ofan artie
submitted b$ Dre Eduard Ludvis lor publication in Condor, a Geraa Language
magazine published in Chile.
the articlo is entitled "The lystery of the
"Flying Discs,' a contribution to its possible explanation"
1, 46.
Fini
fint
Good reprit.
scie itist i this refast as that the old hon de cap
STATE
ARMY
the success of the flying?
RESPECTED
DISTRIBUTION
ARCHIVAL MACORD
PLEASE HOT'URN Id
232702

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 3222, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
ДЕЗТРОТЕ -
CENTRAL INFELLICENCE AGENCI
-I-
THE MYSTERY OF THE FLYING DISCS"
A contribution to its possible explanation.
y Dr. Eduard Iudwig, Santiago, Chile
v. Cristobal Colon 191
SO DB-271/3
Attachment I
these new aircraft.
bine is used at the same time as a stabilizing top and is therefore fixed
vertically to the level of the other turbine rings, which in the darimess pro-
duces the effect of the "rings of Saturn".
These obsorvations remind no of a conpletely now type of aircraft which was
developed during the yeare I worked in the research plant of Professor Junkers
in Dossau, which was attached to the airplane factories Imown al1 over the world.
I do not know how many of my co-workere are still alive today, but I do know that
Dr, Book, Professor at the Technical ligh School of Berlin, and who was at that
time my chief and friond of many years, has been deported to the Soviet Union.
The name of Professor Bocks was never widely known due to his modest character,
but he may have been the greatest genius of Gernan airplane theoretics, and later,
in view of his extraordinary faculties, he was named head constructor of the ilinistry
of German Airways and Director of the Geran Institute of Airways Research in
Berlin-Adlershol.
In order to explain to a wider cirole of readers the basic ides of the new air-
craft, I should Ilke to submit first the following explanations:
(rataly showed bestravalated as playacist - Audith
The first physicial and mathematician who considered the new Science of Aero-
dynamics after the commencement of purely experimental developments of aircraft
construction was the Russian Professor Jukowski of Moscow.
Before the first World
War and together with my esteemed teacher, DI. Kutta from the Technical High School
of stuttgart, Germany, he developed the theory of airplane-wingbear.
Kutta succeeded in establishing the fanous "Differential equation of the boundary
and which in any case explains for the first tine theoretioally the reason why a
planewing can bear a load while moving forward through the air.
"Kutta-Jukowski Theory of Airplane wringbeam" has been the foundation of all aero.
dynamias.
As already mentioned,
layev stratin", whish cone Veloaty o
the core of this work is the so-called "boundary
thin layer of air in which the transition of
Velocity Zero to the Velocity of the loving Object takes place, If the object is
streamlined then the boundary stratum will endeavor not to sever, no whirlwinds will
occur, and therefore no loss of onergy will take place in that stratum. Since
nature alvays functions most economically, it alvays tries to avoid loss of energy,
and therefore a planowing would rather bear weight than cause a diaruption of the
course of the ourrent and let the wing drop.
The Logical conolusions based on these thooretio discoveries were obvious:
already in tho yoar 1915 Profeesor H. C. Bauran, also from the Technical High School
of Stuttgart, recolved a patent on the "Splitwing" through which the artificial
interruption of the course of the current, the tearing of the boundary atratur and
the consoquent braling and diminishing of
the Landing speed would be attained. This
PLEASE RETURN TO
ARNEX ARCHIVES, BLDC A18 TUNSTRIONED

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 681, "chars": 4398, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
'1
RESPRICTED
CENTRAL INTELLIGINCE AGENCY
=02-
SO DB-27143
Attachment 1
under the name of "dive-brake".
factory landley Page after world war I, which explains that the name of "landley-
Page Splitwing" 1s more widely known.
However, devoloprents proceeded. It was principally the Aerodynamio Ex-
perimental Institute of the Gottingen University, diracted by the renowned
Professors Prandtl and Betz, and Constructor Metiner, which drew Its conclusion
ron the theory of the airplane-wing-bear.
Flettner proved that the conditions
of' a rotating object ara similar to those which appear in a "translatorischen"
movement. Thus evolved the "Flettner Rotor".
Professor Junkers, head of the well known airplane works in Dessau, who in
the year 1915 received his pothbreaking patent on the one-piece metal wing without
Junctures, ordered a research group, which was headed by Professor Dr. Book, and
to which I had the honor to belong, to investigate to what extent the uplift of a
wing could be increased through the attachment of a Flottner-Rotor in the shape of
a cylinder turning at great speed.
The cylinder was two-thirds of the length of
the wing and was Installed in the nose of the wing, where it could best be adapted
to the wing's profile.
To assiot us with aerodynamio problems, the Gottingen
University sent us Professor Pranât1.
I'he experiments tured out to be extrerely
difficult and involved many casualties.
The purely technical question of the
speedy uplift of a long cylinder of light construction could not be solved at thot
Inexplicable vibrations and axle breakages occurred time after time which
Professor Junkers ordered us to investigate, and with which we were occupied for months
Not less than four ren, all experienced and tried pilots of the first World lar and
outstanding engineers, died in these experimento. It was clear to us that only a
gas-turbine could produce the diroot uplift of the cylinder.
However, since mean-
while more prossing problens avalted solution, oxperiments with this type of air
craft were intermipted.
Meanwhile the lerodynanio Experimental Institute of Gottingen made new and
enlightening discoveries.
Professor Botz found that supersonic speeds,
are produced by quickly rotating propellers, created entirely new conditions.
This investigation, however, neoded the furnishing of a wind tunnel for supersonie
speeds which could only be built many years later, and which alter the war was
forwarded to the United States whero it greatly amazed all scientists.
Now light was shed on rany things. It was found that the tearing of the
boundary stratum at supersonio speeds involved much greater resistance, so that
an object with full atnospheric presoure practioally "hangs" from the upper layer
of ait, and theoretically experiences there the same uplift as an object of the
I'he converting of the revelations found in research
into reality, however, needed the solution of the starting force through a gas-
It had often been observed that the rango of quickly rotating missiles ("Drall-
wirkung") was much greater than could be explained according to the laws of
ballisties.
Paradoxical explanations were sought for this such as that the air
resistance decreases with growing speeds. Today we know that these quickly rotating
missiles "swim" in the surrounding lavors of air and therefore lose part of their
weight.
Full alarification was brought about only with supersonic speeds, which
were obtainod in the experiments with rockets (V-2) and wore arrived at by flights
of nany hundreds and thousands of kilometers, and which can only be explained by
the way in which these missiles Literally "hang" in the air.
The surprise of the
specialized soientists the world over at the astounding regults of the German V-2
was not less than that which is produced today by the appearance of the mysterious
"Flying Disas".
In the same way in which the ingenious discernment of Professor Junkers
the way for airplane construction for the whole world, thus also may his
idea of attachine Flettner Rotors have a rovolutionary effoct.
11rplanes of this
type must have puch an enormous carrying capacity as to be practically comparable
to amphibious planes of the same size.
The lack of uplift produced by the Flettner
Rotors can easily bo achieved through the oblique position of the entiro airylane
All:
PLEASE RETURI! 1C
ARENOX ASCINDA, NUTC. A 18
-ISTRICTED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1739, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
HESTHICTED
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY
SO. Di3o027143
Attachment 1
-3-
with a positive starting angle in connection with the onormously high starting
The attaching of spoedily rotating top assures side stability.
There
is also the posalbility of attaching horizontal auriliary propellers of the
helicopter type.
And what about the question of the starting forco? The safoty
of such an alreraft atanda and falls on the startine forca of the oylindors' I
and
only too well do I remember the cavalties inflicted by the Jack of it.
mentioned before, only the development of a gas-turbine can bring the solution,
since it consists only of rotating parts and works with the dependability of a
steam engine.
There is only one nore question to be answered: could such an aircraft
carry enough fuel for world wide journeya? This question is easily answered in
In the first place such an aircraft has a tremandous carrying
capacity, as we have already seen; and in the second place chemical researah has
made astounding developnents in this respect.
We know today quite apart from
a vomic energy gartiers of energy of unsuspected power and duration. Lu shoula be
rememberod that the missiles of German anti-tank weapons were coated with chenical
substances which nalied up to 20 omis. of steel plates within fractions of a
econd. inorgy carriers of this type, if applicable to a gas-turbine, should mals
an action-radius possible which far surpasses that of gasoline engines
The future will show whether the "Flying Discs" are only the produats of
imagination or whether they are the resulte of a far-advanced Geman science which,
possibly,
as well as the nearly finished atomic bombs, may have fallen into the
hands of the Russians.
i!!
RESTRIGRED
