{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T09:06:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 555535, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/dow-uap-d081-narrative-3-western-us-event.pdf", "source_sha256": "3c369f9660a3528455b6140d03dfef6bc94b1cf430b85ce26938e5adf1dd1e9d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 2939, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF WAR
5000 DEFENSE PENTAGON
WASHINGTON, DC 20301-5000
INTELLIGENCE
AND SECURITY
02 June 2026
MEMORANDUM FOR RECORD
SUBJECT: Narrative from Witness 3 - Western U.S. Event
References: (a) https://www.war.gov/ufo/#Western-US-Event, VIRIN: 260508-D-D0360-1052,
08-MAY 2026.
1. Executive Summary.
This memorandum presents the first-hand narrative from Witness 3 provided to the All-
domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO). Witness 3 was one of several United States (U.S.)
federal law enforcement special agents who reported observing unidentified anomalous
phenomena (UAP) over a period of two days in October 2023 in the western United States.
2. Witness Narrative.
In response to AARO's request to provide a free-form narrative of the sequence of events
exactly as they remember them, Witness 3 submitted the following text:
"In mid-Oct 2023, I was with agents from our office at our work location. We were out of the
office conducting work related activities. Traveling and working with one other agent, at
approximately 1900, roughly dusk with a clear sky, I was looking east when I saw a large orange
orb in the sky seemingly coming in my direction. I recall my partner asking, "are you seeing
this?" I couldn't tell how large the orb was because I could not determine how far away it was. I
recall that it was alternating between clear and orange with maybe two or three seconds in each
colored cycle. When it was orange, the outline was well defined, but when it was clear, it did not
seem to disappear as I vaguely recall still being able to see an outline of the orb although it was
clear. In terms of speed, I'd estimate the orb moved approximately 20 degrees in the sky in
about three to five seconds. When the orb was at approximately 45 degrees (halfway between
the horizon and directly overhead), it expelled three smaller red orbs. The expulsion appeared to
be mechanical. The red orbs then moved to the south in a straight line spaced about one second
apart, also at 45 degrees (from directly overhead to the horizon) until I could no longer see them.
I did not pay attention to what the orange orb was doing after it released the red orbs. However,
I don't recall seeing it any longer. I do not recall any sound associated with what I saw. Also,
there were no exhaust trails coming from either the orange or the red orbs. Although I could not
tell how large the orange orb was, the red orbs were a lot smaller than the orange orb.
Comparatively, I'd say the red orbs were like grapes being expelled from a basketball. The time
frame for this explanation was maybe 30-45 seconds.
In a second occurrence, also in mid-Oct 2023, either the same night or the next night, I was out
with my partner again but at a different location. It was nearing full darkness, so I'd say the time
was probably ~ 2000-2030 and the sky was clear. I was using NGs to scan the sky when I saw
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 454, "chars": 2577, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
red lights coming from the north, heading south. Their speed was difficult to gauge but I'd say
they moved from right to left in my vision in about five to ten seconds covering roughly 90
degrees across the sky. These four red lights stopped above an airfield and hovered in what
appeared to be a square over each corner of the airfield. At about the same time, looking south, I
also observed orange orbs (possibly two coming from the same direction (east) I saw the first
orange orb (in the para above). They seemed to be hovering near a slope of a west facing
ridgeline as the four smaller red orbs hovered over the airfield. I don't recall if the orange orbs
released red orbs in the same manner the first orange orb did. Looking back toward the four
hovering red lights, I noticed what appeared to be a vehicle down below me and my partner. We
were sitting higher up on a road that sloped upward so the vehicle was below us. As the red
lights hovered, the vehicle was flashing its headlights at a slow, methodical tempo, possibly two-
three seconds between switching off and on. Again, I don't recall there being any sound
associated with any of this. My partner and I decided to speed down the hill toward the vehicle
as it seemed evident that it was involved with whatever was happening over the airfield and with
the other light orbs. I turned off the lights in our vehicle to hide our approach. (I used NVGs to
drive down the road.) The vehicle appeared to be sitting still, and I recall my heart beating
heavily as we approached it. As we approached the vehicle, its lights remained on. As we
approached, it seemed like we could get no closer than what seemed to be about 100 yards away
so it seemed like the vehicle was responding to our approach. As we thought we would overtake
the vehicle, it managed to keep its distance from us. Just as we thought we were at the closest
point, the vehicle then seemingly floated off the road to the south, across rough terrain. There
were no roads and later we searched for tire tracks but didn't find anything. We stopped where
we thought the vehicle had originally been and saw it out in the brush in the rough terrain with a
single light on. The light then faded out and we didn't see it anymore. At that point, we were
fixed on the vehicle so I didn't notice the lights any longer. I am not sure what they did as we
tried to catch up with the vehicle. When the vehicle was gone, so were the orbs. The time frame
for this occurrence was about 2-3 minutes."
for Matal.
Jon T. Kosloski
Director, AARO
UNCLASSIFIED
