{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T10:46:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 216, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 103467300, "source_file": "War-Gov-PURSUE/release-03/documents/nasa-uap-d015-astronaut-scientific-debriefings-1962-1963.pdf", "source_sha256": "35e904ddb6652ca72281ff13cf00f71d9563aab3672e399273335215bebb5184"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 2, "chars": 19, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Miss Reevis
x20593

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 343, "chars": 1787, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
dratt
a little bit, my skin vasset and it didn't aties the way it had stuck
when we tried it out in the trainer and in the capsule on the pad and I sinally
gave up on it and Just kept one eye shut. Ints is marginally satisfactory, I
guess, but I was not vell nighted after coming up to the first night. There's
& redundancy here but you sure do have the right infomation or cases so a
Tew of these will be repeats. lou lets start out with the conditions of
dark adaptation.
Well, most of these things that ve had planned to look into 15 ve could
on Astronomy sort of went by the board, old I apologize to the peopte at the
Cape that we didn't get age noze(done that ve had planned to do
but as I
think nost of you are snare, at the end of the firet orbit we start, having
some difficulty with control system, and if
rom then on it was pretty meh systems
monitoring with sone looking sround outside
and that was it. So a lot of the
taings thet ve had planned to do ene
a lot of the things I had hoped to bring
About
back just had to go down the drain, but beconing night adapted--the first
time around I did get the eye patch out that ve had and ithis was not a very
satiafectory eye patch. I vas going to try to use it over one eye so that
could become
I sas night adapted. I was svesting a little bit, my akin was vet, it didn"t
stick the
way it had stuek when we tried it out in the treiner and in the
capsule on the ped, phd I finally gave up on it and just kept one eye ahat.
This 1s marginally satisfactary I guess but I vas not well night adapted
coning up to the first night. Nhat It boils dow to is that my dark adaptation
was just a result of the sun going down and ass
noral, darl adaptation fron
being on red light and dim light, which taices some 10 to 25 minutes to get any

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1633, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
→
2
degree of adaptation out of, I pould noties a differenee in the nimbere of
atare I could see, first fing after the aun sufft vent down bad later on then
when I'a be vell nigat adapted fat the end of the period.). Inta 1a some B8 37
minutes later when you're approsching sunrise so you"d have 6 - I suppose
actual
there was a/period there wheze you're really dark adapting of about a hal?
hour, 33 ainutes, sonething of that order.
Did you have an apportunity to count the stars?
No, this is one of those things that vent dow the rain. I thought
about this on a subseguent orbit but I didn't spend any time on it. I feel
Shat ny vision, the mumbers of stars I could see was not appreciably increased.
Jow, I had expected to see a lot noze stare. I had thought they'd really a
Jump out once you got above the atnosphere but I--like it was in debrieting - - -
I think to the being out on the desert on a dark night in sumer when the
air is very clear and dry, sad you kaow what 1t 1s 2tke out around Reno and
some of those places; how the sky really comes out
night and you can/see
a nillion stars. sat thats what 1t looked 1tke. It didn't 100k 11ke any noze
than thab.
Thieves a general Impression but not anything you can put gand your
Finger on?
Tats right.
You had planned at the end of the second and third orbsta--during the
second and third orbite to run the star counts and ve had the areas lined up
XO-RI-AI, CAS-I-0-7IA, and vhat was the other one--1t vas off a little
trangle ares by SERIOUS off 0-RI-AN. Ve had those three areas 1ined up and
it vas just--I was doing systems monitoring at that tine zather then counting

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 261, "chars": 1537, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
stars. But a general impression of looking out at these areas was that the
mubers of atars I could see vas not greatly increased.
You mention the trannission through the glasa be comparable ... to the
ataosphere. Tat's something you people can check?
That's rigat.
HeDonald, through their studies of the window had felt that ve probably
would not see too many more stars because the trenantasion of 11ght through
the window is cut dow by 27 percent or something like that. The figure
that they came up with vas almost identleal to what people have computed the
atmospherie attenuation of 1ight is. So they felt that when we got above the
atnospheze 1t would probably be about the sane looking through the window as
It te looting through the atmospheze here, and I think they vere just about
right. It looked to be about the same to mee.
I think it might be wise for you to read the next 3 or 4 parographs.
I thinis a lot of these aze going to be real quiet anovers, so viy don't u
you get to it.
Did you see Megellanie Cloude? No. Andromeda lebula? No. How manh
did the moonlight affect your ability to see faint surface areas?
HE Tremendously.
We had moon out--almost 2ul1 moon. You can loot at this
e age ways, () it was a tremendousl
disadvantage or it vas a tremendous
advantage. I prefer to think it vas an adventage because it dia provide a
visual capelility on the clouds--on the dark side wilch ves sufflesent that
yaw
I could use it for a YAR reference where it might have been questionable
whether I could do that otherwise.

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1580, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Was this bothered or being bothered by moomlight on the windows or
was the sky actually bright?
No. The sky was not bright. I diân't notiee the sky being bright at all
nor was it moonlight bothering on the window of the capule. It was moonlight
on the surface of the earth back from the clounds when I looked dow that
Yaw
direction I could use as a YAR reference.
Yes, but I heard you say that the moonlight very definitely did bother
your ability to see faint areas. I'm trying to find out in what vay.
We11 I don't--perhaps that wes a niestatement. I don't think it really
hurt on seeing fainters I don't belteve. I was thinking of the more complete
night adaptation ve vould have without any moonlight at ell. This is so
alight you couldn*t--I doubt 12 you coula pinpoint aRE
B astferences.
What about daytime stars?
Deytime stars I coulân't--1f I was going along and looking down at the
horizon, the area behind the capsule and vould lools up, I couldn't see any
at all. But when we had the small end of the capule up above the horizon
and over to the right where it vas shaded fron the sun, then 1f I stayed in
that position for, on, anything over a ninute, I guess, then I could see the
brighter stars start coming out. I never remained in that position long BHAggE
HANS enough to become night adapted where I could identify constellations or
pick out specifie stars but I vented to see whether ve could piek up stars on
the daylight side and you could after about I guess a minute adaptation.
Perhaps ve had better move on then to the question of stars very near
the moon.

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 1636, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
Tia didn't seen to be any problem. looking up fairly elose to the noon,
I vould guess a--counting a number degrees probably, you could see right up
to the edge of the noon. The stars vould be visible right up--very elose, ite
not Ilke It is when-you obser the mom Sum ku earthis smfau]
Patty faint stare?
Yes, I think so, Just 1tke the other--the whole field of stars you're
Looting at, you come up and--the only way, when you swing the capsute around
and you'd be approsching zsix ares where the noon was, you could tell 1t
because there vould be moonlight coning in the window and you vould see the
11ght moving across on the capsule. Will Thats the only way you would know
that you're really coning close to the noos. You didn't know it by the sky
setting 1 real light sayou come to the noon 1ike you do beze. There vas a
11ttle area around Is where this vas true. It wam't Just/complete eutort,
but it was nothing like the butldup ve have here wheze you are looking through
the atmosphere and get all this.
scattermy
Any Comete?
No. Ho comets. I used the test sunset. I had this little poloroid
filter out veze were going to use no that ve could lool directly at the sun.
This, while I think
of it, this was another thing that was rether surprising
to me. The sun
not as blinding as I thought It would be. I told the people
in debriefing down there after experimenting very carefully with this a
1lttle bit, I looked atrectly at the sun with the naked eye just as you vould
do here. You've loosed up and squinted so that you have really shlelded your
and
eyes and looked directly & t the sun/a little aliver of 1ight through. And

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1656, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
б
this was very siutlar. You do the same thing there and I had no--there was
no problen with the eyes.
The light though, It was very noticable. The
1ight was a very brilliant eleazy white 11ght and what 1t Looked 11ke coning
in the window and the way it looked on the suit--the best thing I could
relate it to veze the are 11ghta, the brilliant search 11ght are 1ighta thet
they have doun at the Cape that are out on thebed at night. Its that type
brilliant white light coning in--very bright. And it vas wam enough that
I remember connenting, I put 1t on the tape I belteve at one tine that riding
along the sun was coming in and 1t vas over on my zight an and I connented
about ay right on getting apprecially wamer then the left when the sun vas
on it. It vas a very Intense 1ight but as It come in the window and ves
on your am here thats just what it looted Itie. It loosed like being on the
ped at night with these real bright search 1igata on. Sane type Light, 16
wasn't any of the orange-ish yellowish 11ght.
....(Ismadible).......... in aise from the UV?
oh, yes.
This is the difference.
Any unantieipated @estial Teatures?
The conets I--to get beels to comens here a ntnute--I guess ve dian*t
completely cover that one See any cometa? lo. lot at all. When the sun
goes down its a--well thie was a very brilliant brillient thing and the 11ght
was spread out much more in a much broader band out toward the horizons than
I had anticipated. I had thought--I don't know why, no one had ever briefed
me on this pertleularly--I thought the sun dow. It vould be a little bit of
1ight right on the ....
*.. and bang, thats it. Teze are nothing but stars

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 303, "chars": 1657, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
fro there on. Thate vist I vas prepared to see, I guess, but this vasn't the
way it was at all. The sun goes down and ita a brilliant display. Theres all
the spectawn lined up here almost. Just as the sun goes down--well before the
aun goes down you have a broad band..
• down in the atmosphere that we
show on the petues that I tools too and I'm sorry ve don*t have those fhere
to brief you with those but you '11 see those later where atarting with the sun
down on the hortzon there a great band that mans way out here maybe I think
I estimated sone 45 to 60 degrees on esch side of the sun, way out. And It
gradually put goes do to a point out heze like that. Starting fron a
very bright white band close to the earth and going out to a point out here
and
the other banda of 1ight going fron, oh, yellowish and orange color
on up into the blues as you get off toward the black of space. Juat as the
sunsets that last little sliver of 1igat wheze I was looking for the green
Flesh that everyone has been Looking for, that I had been brteted on, Just
as I'm vatching for that, Jurt an the sun getsdown on the borieon, wiy It
Joins this long sliver.
So you don't actually see that last little sliver of
sun. It goes dow, you can
tell when it goes do but its not a clear ball
Just going below the horizon 1tke that. Its out in this broad alfvor that
goes out toward the hortzon.
This band 1s primarily a hortzon phenonens. It doesn't run
Japanenais perpendieular wine?
1o. Ite in the atnospheze. Very definitely.
Ite sbove it guite vell on that photograph there.
The solacel 11ght I looted for and I never ves night adopted enough to see it.
Solar Corona?

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1696, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Solar Corona.
No. This--once again I think to obselve these things
property ve are going to have to be night adapted befoze ve get there and
thats whet ve lost by having otber complications on the second
Ib get back to
the unantleipated celestial features.
Well, unantleipeted celestial features--the iittle light spots, uninous
spota that I sar--i don't think these are celestial features. I don"t Iow
What they are. Can ve get backs to that later?
Un inh.
celestial
I think wentietpated/features, another one to do with sunset ie that the
sunset lasted--the lightness much longer than I had anticipated. This vent
on for some 4 or 5 minutes that you could attll see bright bands and sheg then
they vould grodually go to a more dim condition but this occurred--this wes
over some guite zeight lengtiy period of time--about 5 atnirtes. I had expected
the light to just go down very shortly after sunset. But it didn't, 16 ves
gutte brilliant, quite bright for a tong period of tine.
Would you concentrate on
- It voila be a concentration
over the horizon but weze there many
No. Another unsatielpated celestlal thing at fnight thongh was thie cloud
that I deseribed, the hase layer or whatever it 1a. I nottee this at fret
because as the stars vere coming down toward the horizon they move rather
rapidly dow toward the horison at first.
I vas vetching one particular star
and 16 got zether dim and I thought veil its going behind the horizon and then it
got brighter again as it cane down closer to the hortson and then went out of
here is
sight. Vell then when I Loned very carefully I could see/simmss a band that
van sone--I thinic we estimated about 6 to 8 degrees above the horizon and vas

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 1654, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
probably a degree and a half to two degrees wide and it ves guite visible
once you stept looking for 16. It saps seemed to go out and taper out.
lo, 16 didn't taper as much on the light at the hortzon did during sunset.
It vas nore of a solid type a band. It looked 1tke the color of it vould be
sort of a buff--look 1the a buff light color-I don*t know, something Itke
this rather than a pure white, be sort of an off color, Just not a pure wite.
(Question by De. Ronan Inaudible)
No. All these things you see are things that ve hed planned to use at
(irat orbit, mala mainly Just hold position, get all the radar data, all
the treeking, monitor systems closely and thats what we were doing and then
ve flew the tirst orbit then ve vere going to broaden this out a little bit
on the second and third orbit and thats s where ve got trapped because the
second and third orbit kept right on doing what ve vere doing on the first orbit.
We over time in Astronomy. Jeta try to finish up zeel fast end come back
Any stunt planets?
Yes. Venus, I belteve it vas--I identleted it on the tape, on the chart.
Wasn't 1t Venus that veat dow Just above the
that periloular day.
Venue ves very visible Innediately after
sunset.
The sun would go dom.
Just as gule as the last 1ight was gone I could see that very elearly. In
fact I belleve on the tape I Identified that before the munset. I coulå see
up that close to it.
(Statement by De. Bonan, Inaudible)
That vill come up on the star chat that day. Yes, and ve had then all
plotted where they should be. You may be right. I'11 have to chock the
chart on thet. Venue and Heraury bad been right--closer.
-Ne had theu

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1392, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
Identified by the previous shot. I think maybe this one Mereury. See shus
check the chart on it.
See any stars
Zodieal 11ght. lio.
to
-Solar Corona. No. I was not vell enough adapted
patterns along that line.
Shadow of earth of sky.
3o.
To photograph the Orion region, 15 looted about the sane as it does from
the ground. Sais arce
the conter of the Orion that 1 vas trying to use
se a target stres,
the center star in the belt--ve got several pictures of
that. These vere taken with different drift rates on the capsule. le tried
to press the capsule on manual control and get 1t right on vezy sccurately
and tar then use the canera but there was still some drift in the capaule et
that time and I had to keep
for it. This is not a stable a
platfon as you vould like for this type photogreply. Vade exposures of about
15 to 18 seconds. I vas counting off the seconds syself vithout explosion.
Thate about it. I been interested though to see whether those came out.
I did see some prints and I don't know enough about evaluating those printa
to know what we got.
(Question inandible)
We11, ve discussed thie during debrieting some, I think ve must have had
spitting
some forting thrusters that weren't cutting off absolutely clean, that vould
add Just a hair of thrust in one axis or snother at a time because I would
have the rates zero-ed completely and be sitting right on the spot-ith

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1494, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
rate
of magno control inputs and you'd start a little drift som very slow.
Probably the drift zates want out over a quarter of a degree per secoad
during the time that I was trying to maice the pictures. But thate enough
12 you drift off and you have to correct back the line you drift off a line
corzect baat line, you do thia for 15 oz 20 seconds, its zather a crude voy
to taise pictures.
(Question inmagible)
Yes. Hand held and had it up against the visor to steedineas and turn
it very alovly. We had the loose site on the tope of it. A loose atte with
a cross hair and so that I could keep that right on the--Lined up on the stars.
It will be interesting to see if ve came out with anything on that.
Maice any other comments about ou
No. It looice about like It does on the desert on a bright sumer night.
# 2ullight. Did the twilight bother you at all? Can you tell us anything
about that.
You mean the light I described at after sunset?
(Statenent by Dr. Roman, Inaudible)
The only time trilight bothered either way wes when you
because sunrise in the--the early pickup surlse coning up ta in the scope
facing backvanda, of course, to the dizection of notion and you see the sun
come up and this would--this twilight, you watch it Inezesing in the
seope, neanhile we're holding hamal control most of the time and this was very
difticult. For sone reasons, this wes nore diffleult to hold securate control.
on the periscope at sunrise that it was to look back out the window and hold

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1604, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12
it visually or on instruent. And alace ve veze having autonatie control
trouble presentation on the attitude, I vas trying to neintata control
looking back out the window and to check back and forth betveen the very
brilliant and bright light coning in at sunrise through the scoge and
1ook back out into the dart again, I finally just put filter over the scope
and go back to looking out at the stars and what I i could see on the clouds-.
moonlight coning off of them
the and that seened to be esater to hold the
position.
The moon look any diffezent to you?
No. Hot eppreciably. It vas brighter-s lot brighter, Just very elear.
Once ageil, clearer than 16 is around here, brighter then it is around heze.
sad Once again, out on the desert on a real clear night, Its very sintlar.
Lets push on to the earth questions on your nest page, John. You said
you had never used the interterence 111ter.
tay, haze and airglow band at night?
Xes, I did try the airglow band at aight and I could see nothing. This
may have been the lack of night adaptation--I don't know. I vesn't too
concerned about the night adapting so perfectly to that. I tried the singlow
pertleularly on the stom areas over the Indian Ocean. Theze was a very
Lenge stom there to the lorth, of course, and a suller one to the Bouti
of course, over about the fleet third of the Indian Ocean. We had vondered 1f
ve could aee 11ghtening from above and lightening from above 1a very, very
visible. Thezes no problen at all on that. You can see the flashes--you don*t
nee individual Fleshes like you see a lightening bolt hit the ground here

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 280, "chars": 1582, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
13
but you see a whole thunderbend light up and
and another one would 3a
unLight up over heze and theze would be soute
1ight go back and forth from here 1ike this very hortsontally. And then you
vould see another one 1igat up and there wes a Its lot of thanderston
setivity particularly in the stom that was to the north, of course. A Jittle
Leas to the one south but the lightening was very visible.
Pretty much the sane thing you see fren a high flying jet, dan*t 1e7
Yes. You*ze a 1ittle farther away, of course. Ite stailer to that
It you"ve been up above the--40 or 50,000 feet sen at night
and there is some
Little Lov Chunderneads
whore you have the--maybe some of the flashing
• 21ttle bit dow at low altitudes, it vould be a siniler type thing, Tou're
Just farther away fron it but there's to probles at sta
all seeing
flashes.
It was on that area to the forth, of course, in partieular that
I trled to use this airglow filter for a period of time but I didn't get any
pattern out of 1t at all. This may have been my lack of night adaptation.
At trilight did you see the shadow of the earth on the atsosphere?
Jo.
Last of these. Can you describe how the atmosphere changed during the
twilight proceast You've already gone over this, if theze's nothing you can
add--
Nell, I think that about desertbes 1t. One thing I was surprised at
were the
during the twilight perlod that might be of some interest sith little
they vere
discontinuities in it but I think smartin just veather build-ups and high
clouds off on the horizon.
* though the horizon would be extronely even and

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 1713, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
that the veather would be so
that you wouldn't
see any of this but you could see little bumpe along in the twilight Blow
after the sunset and this shove up in some of our pletures. * You can see
these little bumps along. Do you have copies of those up here?
Not up here.
I sew some that vere first run yesterday dow at the Cape.
We had a first loos at these out at Grand Zurk. I think the coptes vo
got vere not the best in the West. They seem to be a 1ittle rough. They
had & lot of specs on them and I's looking fonard to getting back dow
there and going over then again. But you could see some of these.
You
could see a little bump out beze, there vould be a little discontinutty.
angle or altitude...
•(question, partially inaudible)...7
No. They weze in the lover part of the light band so I assue that they
vere veether build-ups.
What did you estimate the height of the staosphere to be under daytime
conditions? In faet, this angle of the horison bueiness?
Well, estimates on the angle, soying that thta vas some 6 to 8 degrees
vide, up to this layer for instance vas about 6 to 8 degrees wide and It was
maybe a degree and a in halt or two degrees thin. This sort of an estinate
of the size of the
over here. We're about 30 degrees in the window
our angle ve ean at look out and a 1ittle less in than a quarter, maybe a fifth
of tints business of--say 12 you estimate about 6 degrees. When I say it 6 to
8 degrees this is not an accurate protector type measurement.
Conld you use a spacecreft as a protractor?
We11 I ueed the window, Just the window ares
-(Question, partially-inaudible).... from the top of the window fron the
horison up to the top of the atmosphere?
read it oft
tron the autopilot?

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1637, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15
You might be able to try tada. I didn't try it that vay. You might
be able to, holding your henditu fix you might be able to do gonething 11ice
that. This vould be telaly securate.
Thta vould put it do, I think, where
you could piet it off within a--our gradations on that attitude control system
are tairly fine--about, I giess, three alxteenths of an inch is 10 degrees
but you a could pick it off to within a degree and a half or 2 degrees with
pretty fair accuracy.
Image of the sun
about 10 degrees fron the primary inage apparently due
to the 2 thicknesses
of glass.
Yes. I thinic thats what 4t was from. I don't recall seeing any of those
at all. I notice then in the sane pietures and there vas another phenonenn
in the pietures you may have notfeed. In quite a mber of tim--I Shinic Bob
noticed it first before I had-up above the hortson sone 15 or 20 degrees
there appeared to be a green band go across that parallel the earth's surtaco.
Did you notice that in thepfetures? And this was in guite a mumber of them.
And I never sow any band like that at
aZ1. I don't know whether St vas
actually theze and just shoved up on the flim and I just didn't see it or
couldn't see
or whether 16 ves aloeye when the sun was at a particular
area out
Just a certain reflection oil the vindow or refleetion
off the lens of
camera but I tata ve should probably tale those petures
and try to anelyse what angle the sun ves to then as vell as ve possible can.
I thinis John is doing that right now.
Is he? Because this green band is a new one on me. I never snu that
until ve got the pietures and I inngine its Just a reflection on
462018.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1351, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16
through the window 11ke 2 suns or satellite
Do. you. see-say maltiple ianges.p... (guestion partielly inaudible.
No, no.
Could I
a question here on the surface?
Go aheed.
I notice on the pieture here and also the comet the description of the
on the horizon in the daytime.
around theorison near the sun.. Was this a unifom thing
No. It cones out even in broad daylight. It seems to go out to a little
more or a pointed ares out--way out the horizon if you leaned over and looks
out the menindow way out tovard the North, for instance, This would not
De as broad a band as it appeared to be vien veze u looking back directly
on the flight path, for instanee.
It does appear to exist 350 degreest
Oh yes.
Weze there any appreciable Irregularities in it or ves it completely mooth!
Snooth. These are very--theze aze fuszy edges. You don't run up 1tke you
see on the spectrun to this color and to that color, They all fade inte esch
other Like a rainbow but its a--there are no shaban discontinuities where a
yellow band was more thiak than a blue band beze or something 1ike that. They
all Just ran out even.
Are you referring now to the sunset phenomena?
That true then too. I vas speaking primarily Just during broad daylight.
Do you get different colors in broed daylight other than the blues?
Just the Blues and wiites during broad daylight. Yes.

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1304, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
17
You nottee any--vezy narrelouds or any pearliar cloud fomationl
Yes. We got quite a muber of cloud pith pietures and you can pici
out the relative types of clouds. We did wonder whether you could tell
vertieal clouds from SER-05 clouds. You can tell vhat elouds are vertieat
development and you get a three dimenatonal effect. Looking at then you
can tell that sose are higher than othere.
with
Comparing what you said aul what the pieture shoved, is theze anything
partieular notevorthy that you night have seen that the pietures night not
show?
I don't think so other then the thinge we have mentioned here.
(Question, Inaudible)
Is what Now?
Does your window produce any pas polorization?
We have a zeal Limited degree of polorization in the window.
how many
đo you have in l
I vill make a note on that one and check the exet polorisation of it.
We had--this ves checked at the time that ve ran sone star studies in
when
St. Louis sul I took the capaule out
The reason I asiced
The exact figure on that I can*t give you.
Did you peas over any snow propagations, mountains
No. I could see out in the Nest looking way up Morth from the area right
over--ve11 the South of San Diego at the end of the second orbit. There was
so mach cloud cover up to the forth that I couldn't be real postds posttive.

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 288, "chars": 1671, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18
It ren up and loosed like it ren off the edge of a
then there
were some white areas way up to the Mouth and I imagine these vere probably
snow flelds. I thought at the time they probably vere but I couldn't be
suze. I didn't speeifically go over any azed vieze I could lool right down
at this cloud and that snow. I was surpaised at ay--and another thing, as
far as the veather goes, and that is what a tremendous ares of the esth
*s covered by clouds that day. I don't know whether ve'ze going to find
of land.
o equatanal
ледино
.. (Statenent, Inatible)..
Tea. The intertropieal
_ We had been briefed on that
andy of course, that tools care of things all the way sazose the Peeific.
There was cloud cover a11 the way across there. There was cloud cover over
a11 Taster Afries. I never sew the Leite Chad area that I was looking for.
It was covered. The only part of Afries ve really got a good look at wa
Western Africa In
the desert regions. You could see the big a dust ant stome
blowing and these vero very visible. I commented on it and Kenya came bact
and said yes that they had been having these dust stoms for about a veet.
Tremendous bloving cloude of dust that obseured large--very lange areas of
the ground. Coming across the states end, this whole area across VI-NAS
and Northern Mexleo, Southern Califomla and that area had very large cloud
decks
vision
and higa
BER-O5 clouds obscured latin from above. Theze vere
sone breeice in It
. and you could see through mosentarily.
what color veze the dust clouds?
They Just Jooled 1ike dust. Browish. Ill Just Looked Itte a dust stom
you've seen out on the a desert. Sene coloz. the colors from above looked--

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1418, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
19
I could see no difference in flying in an airplane at 50,000 feet and looking
down and seeing colors on the ground then there is fron the capsule.
Lets
asslaviteh the subject again. Did you have en opportunity to tay
closing your eyes and seeing the Sozenbof? Radation flashes?
Seeing what?
Radiation fleshes fron energetie pertieles fastened to your eyebells.
Is that another
_ First tine I heard of it.
What đo you call this again now?
Sorenkot Beddation by & good fuseten frield of that nane.
Golly, theraissed that one on beefing.
(statement, = insudible)
When a coanie zey passes through a naterial in vatch the -its veloeity
exceeds the velocity of 11ght in the medium you have this redlation given out-
Sorenkolt Radiation and John Wincilez of Minnesota thought that you night be
able to observe this if you shut your eyes when the heavies cane through.
(statement, inaudible)......
Aze these suppose to be very viable, very bright or just--
No one knows because they never get down to the carth's surface. Thay
would have been in the a bine 11ght.
We didn't ride around for any period of tine with the eyes closed. There
enough going on that--this eye patch, ve had that. That was intentionelly
done, not to two eyes, just to one so that you'd still mont tor everything that
was going on. So I did not ride
around vith the eye hutany perid af tme
Alright, Jets get to the Juinous partieles. Back to page 1.

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 1784, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
Thats a good one. That suze 16.
Weze they all traveling in the sane direction and the sane veloetty?
Yes. They all just appeared to be se sitting out here floating and
they partieular didn't have any interaction with each other. They woze--
sone vent zunning this vay and some that way.
They all, appesred Juat to be
through
atatie in their field. I vas moving tethem. The only ones that appeared
to nove veze the ones that seemed to have & little flow cherecterlatie
around the capsule, and this ves surprlaing too because
there would he one that
would come
following up around the edge of the capete and It told drift off lie thie
and 1t would just nore or tach tate at place back here. I this
and been as just a flash, just a nonenterily thing, I don't know, it vould
have been--I don't know what I vould have
observed
thought on one 1tkce that.
observe
I sat there and amend this thing Just an carefully as I could same it for
some 3 to 5 minutes et three different perioda. the 11gits veze not very
dim Little Lights es though reflections fron something. They weze every bit
fireflies
as brilliant or more so than In out on a real black sumer nigat.
And you've seen Itreflies out in the weadow or when they Just stand out
Like very, very bright stars.
They veze as least as bright as the brightest
Elzefites you"ve ever seen
situation like that and the light was very
steady and they vere about the sane color as fireflies. Inta vas a Juninous
yellow-green or green-yellow color. I°d say it was almost an identieal to
a firefly and they veze just as fer at that partieutaman time. I would
Look out the window thie it uny and there Just seemed to be no end to them
out beze, no end back this way, no end on this side, up or down in particular -
(Question, Inaudible).....
Xes.

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1571, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
The density looking perpendieular to your path is about equal to that
I had 2 thinga cane in mind. One vas, I thought ve founds the lost
XI Alr Fore needles, that st was the first thing. But they weren't-»
wasn't Like that eb all.
The other thing, I thought perhaps we weze getting
freesing of the vater coming out of the capsule and ve vere having snow,
sonething 1tke thet, In Tact, Later on they called me fzon the ground and
saiced if I thought that that is vhat it was. But it wasn't that type thing
at all. It didn't appear to be eminating from the cepaule. The pertieles
vere not closer together--closer to the capsule than they appeared to be
further avay. The average distance of the particles spazt was probabi--
I estinated I think some 6 to 10 teet, in that neighborhood. OccastonaLly
one vould be right in the shadow of the capsule and vould drift up pass the
window and it looked rether white like a vee tiny little piece of cotton
ora little-Lt looked like a little snow Slaie. Some little piece of thing
1ike that. These white at ones that I sow come up by 1tke that I assume
were the sane things as
the othere out heze because I never sew anything else
outside of the window.
Did you ever see the same one go into the shadow and cone back out?
We11, I vas assed that before and I-my Initial ensver to it vas yes
and then I couldn't recall any real specifle instance wheze I watched one go
from luminousity to white and back to luntnous agata. So I can't say
positively I did on that. I think they ald but I don't want to natte a
positive s
statement.

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1384, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
21
(Question, partially Insudtble)..
•. in the shadow of the espsule
they vere simply waite like snowt
Thats right, thats right. They vere very 1tminous. When the first rays
of the sun vould come--when the first rays of the sun came by the capaule is
when I'd see the first ones and this persisted then sone--ol, 5 minutes.
(Lengthy question, inaudible).....7
It could be. I von't sarit vas. I von't say it van't.
I don't know how you could have much depth perception but do you have any
Ides about how fer away the farthereat ones were?
No. I couldn't estimate how far avay they were but you had a very definite
feeling of depth perception through then, mainly, I think by looking out to the
side out here. And if you had a lot or partieles hanging out here and you move
through them see a the ones move as you move them them and the near ones nove
right within. Ones far out move very slowly so this gives you a sense of depth.
And I think that the way I perceived most of that.
You say they're all moving in the some direction?
Thats right.
Did any nove faster than others?
They didn't appear to. Taey all appear to be hanging ge exeept for the
ones that seemed to come up around the capsule in this flow condition.
(Question, partially inmudible) Did that flow look anything 1,1ke
Yes. Thats what ve talked about. It did. The feir partieles that cane by
vas Just 1ike a _
almost.

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 220, "chars": 1256, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
218
(REONE (Statenent, partially inaudible)
advaneing a new theory that this might very vell be some full
Luminescence of areas
change
around the capsule
ve talked about this & night and day
Whether theres enything of this kind
recombination back in the shadow
of the capsule
- Five miles an hour
motions
ares of
capsule speed and so on. It certainly seem--it seen to be san
o connection
with the capsule in some vay and not with something coning from outer space.
I estimated 3 to 5 miles an hour estferential speed and I--it vasn"t
over five miles an houz., thats derinitely on the high side 1f we get up to
that.
They veze just very slovly drifting by. They grodustly start assappearing
B8 the su came
up and ve got up at note of an angle they grodually start
disappearing. And I couldn't see anything.
Did you see them before the sun rose?
No.
Did you loos for them before that?
Yes. The second time around I was watehing for these things.
But you did see them as soon as
the sun roset
The very first 1ight of the sun--the very first rays of the sun than
came up, you could see the first ones appear just like that when the sun cane up.
(Question, Inaudible.....?
Yes.
Do you have an impression of the shape, the structure of the individual
partieles.

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1463, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
No. These one that would cone fately clost to the capsule I could see.
Thats wheze I estinated they weze Just a very tiny size up to maybe 3/8 of
an inch or half an inch.
Would you characterize then as sort of irreguler 1tke comflates, 1tke
erystal, like snowflakes?
They didn't appear to have any oblong pattern to them or any particular
etreular patter. No real senetay at all.
Weze they flat Like snow flakes?
These 1ittle white things walch Is think vere the same iteme vere right
up close to the window in the shade looked a lot 1ike little snow flakes.
Would you sey they were speherteal or
I think noze 11ke sort of a _
spheze.
any distance at all and time
they vere luminous and the sun was on them and there was no si
is shape to--
Juat like looking at a firefly 1ight. That'a the nearest thing I can cone--1
keep coning back to because that*s just what they looked itke.
(Question, Inaudible).....?
No. No. There vas no on and off again type thing at all, This vas another
thing that going back to the stars it vas noticable too as ve had expected
theze wins"t eny of the--I didn't notice any partieular amount of twinkling of
tize stars, not like they do do here.
* you see any of these particles move
Mo. Its Just 1ike you have a big statie field lite you have gone out
heze with strings and placed them in this roon and 18 you cane beel and
through that door and back to vay scross the room that just what they looked
like going by. It Juat vesn*t--

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 130, "chars": 719, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2
They all vent by in the direction of
That's right. low, I turned around once so I could see 1f they
vee cosing toward me. I got around foeing toward the augh
sig sunlight.
As I case around and the sunlight was off to my right I could see for
Sever of them at that time than I could see when I was a Seeing backvards.
Tata vould be on the side any from the sun ta & where I could see most
of them. But they»-the ones out heze were atill coming towards me. Sou
thia 10--I want to check and see 12 these vere entating from the capsule.
They were not. They veze still coming toward me from out there so they
couldn't have been eninating fron the capsule.
From the treation toward act whieh you veze moving-
That's right.

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1472, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
How close
Six to ten feet apart.
(Question, partiallyinandible) •
•you said you saw it 3 times. Did you?
This vas approxtrately the sene...
•. 7
Well, this was right at each sunrise. low this vasaother thing ve telked
about. B111 Douglass, I thiak, das felt that there might be some possibility
If the carth does have its on band around the equator, Just as some of the
planets do, that perhaps veze veze at the edge of & little band like that
that vas appearing each time we cane up past the equator on the dark side
at that
and it Just happened to cofneide with the sunrise mit time, We entered at
sunrise each time. We don't have the data--I haven't checked back here to
get the data on that yet as to whether this vas alvays right at the equatorial
regioni that we ran into.
(Question, Inaudible)....?
Rigat at the first 11ght of sunrise there was a--no other time. I
speestlently looked for then at sunset. As the leat 11ght of the sun vent
avny I thought we might see them there. I didn't. This vas alvays at surise.
Tow, this difference may be that I vas more night adapted
at sunrise. Maybe they vere there all the way around.
(Question, tneudtble).....T
We're ruming short of time here. Jet me get through a couple of these
right quiekly.
Whats the longest time you regatre vetehing any individual particle?
Oh, I can*t anier that as to the length of time I spectetally vatehed
one partieuler particle but they were not blinking on and off or anything
1ike that.

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 1411, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
25
Did you have the impression they vould be there 22 You
they were about 6 to 7 teet apart. The windor is only a
certain stae=
(Statement, Inaudible)
Mell, I had the Ingression I could have sat--I could have been sitting
there and vateh one particle for some distance a it vent on back maybe for
a minute or so.
When they weze in the shadors of the apacecraft, did they appear to very
any in brightness ?
Mo. They veren"t Juntnous when they were in the shedous. I can*t
specifically
say. I vateled 8 partieles fron a Juninous condition to
in the shadove non-luminous and back to us a luminous condition.
(is Question, (neudible)...7
Oh, yes.
I think this ia very probable. I could have seen it farther
then that. mey weze bright. If you were night edapted and you can see a
very bright firefly fron a considerable distance and this was a--
When you saw this the second and third time around did you have the feeling
that there were any more of leas then there was the fleet time?
lo. He talked about that too and I think It vas the sane type. I don't
thinic the density of 16 ves any different. Congletely snoved. The firet
time I sar these I looked dow into the--I checked sone systens--had been
1ooking outside the
the codipit and made a check a
cheek as
I vas doing all the time and had had my head in the cockpit for some little
period of time and glanced back up at the window. I hed been doing this Just

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 1619, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
as I could atart to begin to see some faint 1ight dos below and I elanced
back up
the window and ny firet impression vas, 2
vell we've gotten
vey out of attitude and probably come to the
because here
it vas Just 1tke looking out on a complete star field, theze vas no other
reference at
11 and looling beelvard tovard this daris ares shat had happened,
Instead of the even hortion bact here that I had had with the stars up above
and the dariser ares dom below. low in this dark area down below too weze
all these other 1ighte pinpointed in. They Just looked, at first glance,
1tke a continuation of the whole star fleld down into that ares. I thought
ve had drifted up and here I an looling at nothing bat a startleld and how
did I ever get into thie erezy attitude. I checied instaunents ogein and
checised the pertacope agath and I hadn's drifted. I vas still in the sane
attitude Ivan in except this-big darker area here that had been the earth
back behind it that I had been looking as was now filled up
with alL these
dots as the first 11ght of the su surfsced.
Ilo long after the sunrise did you observe sose of these in the shadowp
of the spacecraft? Was it alnost Immediately or towards the end
Chis
perfod?
Oh, I don't thinit there any difference on that as far as vhen they
would drift up into that. This could vel have been occurring Just as well
when I first cane into them as they could at the end of the tine. I didn*t
have any ingression that theze was noze sablet drift by the capsule at one
time then another or more flow around the caperle that pulled then in pest the
window at one time or another.

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 246, "chars": 1387, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
28 27
You can't see them on the 11lm2
No. The ones ve had out there at Grand Zur I couldn't very-ve had
to many seretches and spots on those pletures that I couldn*t really
pinpoint then. But when ve get hold of the original pietures end can
projeet those, I hope that we can see moze, I santa
đon't Inow. Those
reproductions we had out theze vere not very satisfectory. I hope the
originals are better than that. Did you see the originala? Are they clear?
I sor prints viseh I thinis
started to develop. Iney seem
tairly clear•
Did you see any of these spota on then? Did you have the 21ln? Did
you looks at the 'tim?
I d14 not look at the flin directly. But it not the sort of picture
you had in Grand Iris.
You had a really amal clear
print that
mats right. And the way they looked they vere pretty
They weren't the best job I ever sen
I'a strela
_I don*t know wait
to tell you except that. I wish I could be more helpful. A11 I can say ia
we observed it and it was vesy clear and datinet. It vam's a refleetion
from anything. It was very positive. We observed it a long period of time
on three dieferent orbita at exsetty the sane spot. Beyond that, I have not
Togglest
the afastash idea what it 10.
We they all the sane colort
Yes. & Very even colored exeept that some of them vould loot a 11ttle
Larger then others, a 1fttle brigater than others. The color was blessint
identical.

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1227, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
in brightness
Here there any changes/Looking out the side cross your
and back?
lo. I don't recall any.
We talked about that too and I couldn't recall
that they looked any different in one dizeetion then they did in snother.
(Queation, tnaadible)....?
No.
(Statenent, inaudible)••.
It might vell have something to do with differences in electrostatic
potential.
(Question, tnandible)...?
The drift would be 11ke--well 15 you vere looking out--wel1 12 a snow
Flake come drifting by the window is something goes & very rapidly, of
maybe
course. An I was lootag out the window, there be/little partieles Just
COMe
Just come up across the window and maybe
around and then drift avay and as 16 got out there a bit 11ttle
bit it just seemed to assure its position out here.
(Statement, Inaufible)...
Oh, no. It ves not a thing where the thing Just cane around on/very
smooth trajectory and zun off 1ite this. It vould dalet up around here
like that and then it would drift off on 16 ow. It loosed vezy much--1t
blow 11ke
Just Jooled like snow. It looked 11ke sume you ja vould see in allel wind
tunnel only with a single pertiele.
Do you have any
on your capsule?
I'm sure there is. I don't know what it is but I'm sure there mist be

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 1261, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
There would not only be an electrie charge, theze vould be a differential
charge between the window and the outaide of the capsule vhleh could
explain
(statesent, insuäible).....
(Question, Inaudible)....?
Well, thata a pretty ts tough one. I don*t know. That vould be 1the--
I hate to be too positive because 16 night lead you astroy but I keep coming
back to the firetlies ag
again. Very, vezy sintlar to looling out at this-
& big tirefly or 1l6tle 2trefly. Looking out on a real dark night in a pasture
this might be a sall firefly up close and a big firefly farther away. As
you drift tazough these things they so by, they a21, look zessonably unifoms.
The ones that are up close and some of the Suminous ones vere up so very close-
Definitely, dl4 that make sense?
As they would be up elose and then drift away they didn't appear to
diminish their 11ght very rapidly. Just 15ke peeing & Sizefly again.
Nell John you kept your date with us prouptly. I think we should let
you go promptiy.
I hate to break this up too beesuse I want to find out what these
things are. I don't know that to tell you. I'm afraid I'm about dry on
new infomation.
I von't ass you what d1d they say Jol
I may have to go bacit and check them. In ready.
(Statenent, Inandible)....

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 746, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
30
I'd like to get togethor again because this was tha fret real honest
so goodness business Iike this ve've conducted since I got back here and
this is what I went to get bock to next vock. I'm going beak to the Cape
Monday night. I'a going to be down there all nest veck on touring plan
and then probably beat down te the tollowing week again until ve get a lot
of this. I vant to go througa the State fline and
get back to work and finish
Sade type thing thie veel.
(statesent, Insudible)...
I don't thtnis theze's any great urgeney from our potst of vier nainly
it was to get the stret ingression there to alwayo debrieting.
Any time you vould like to get even with us
(Cosversatton, several, people, thanaible)
Then you Glenn.
Then you.
and

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1625, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mar 13
ROUGH DRAFT: ฿/13/62
CODE SCG: MD: dd
MEMORANDUM to Director, Office of Space Sciences
Subject:
Considerations and Recommendations of Manned
1962
xploration Following the
Interview (February 27)
with It. Col. John H. Glenn, Jr
Col! Glenn presented a
very detailed and factual description of his observations
during the MA-6 flight. He answered rather well the many
and varied questions presented to him during the limited
interview. Despite the fact that he was ak-seldoms ever, never
properly dank adapted,
a number of his observations remain of
@oodt interest
and pule further exploration, furthermore,
it is evident that the astronaut can perform various scien-
He
tific experiments, an has the ability capability of doing
compact
so despite the many limitations imposed.by the Mercury capsule.
Some commentson fco1. Glenn's observations are presented
below dolloud by a sume i recommendatum!
Luminous
particles: In response to mixenix a series
of questions, Col. Glenn described the velocity field of
in and
the luminous particles, their brightness and outside the
shadow of the spacecgaft, the coloring and sunlight and
their shape. For the velocity field, the particles all
moved at presisely the same speed and all moved at precisely
the same direction except for particles coming very close
fankcore for
to the spacecraft. This occurred similarly in all three
orbits. From to robay Gusht dynamie
eme considerations alone, it may
be stated that the luminous particles observed by Col. Glenn
were not extraterrestial particles but were particles asso-
ciated with the spacecraft or the leunehing on the booster.

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 1578, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
The consistency in the observations on the three separate
orbits would require that the particles were associated
with the spacecraft itself ( I have heard that 0'Keefe
has luggigated the tire support system which out.
dumped walk may
has been the soure of the particles)
water into speee) Col. Glenn aft described the
Дваре
particles and the luminosity. The fact that the coloring
apperent
descaption
was a yellow-green and the effeetive observational pie-
ture deseribed ay Glenn would indicate that the particles
became fluorescent in sunlight, The particles observed
in shadow were observed in the scattered light from the
spacecraft and were probably illuminated only by visible
portion
part of the spectrum.
- 2-
The change of angles of the particles approaching
close th the Ky spacecraft could be attributed to the
since
replusive charge XXHE the polarities of the particles
and spececraft were the same. The ability of Col. Glenn
to observe the particles under improper dark adaptation
Wauki indicate that an astronaut would be in a position
to carry through a series of experiments to investigate
comets
the physics of conments
in the solar environment. Properly
dexin stepted The various gases and dust particles ejected
from the spacecraft duringtunglet cemaletors.and
while
abserved with instruments and.
the spaceeaft is in sunlight could be escalalby the
es he is paro darle adapted.
astronaut-scientist and tbo resulte could be receded
with nostruments.
Observations
Air glow and/faze: Limited by poor
dark adaptation, Col. Glenn was not able to descibe any

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 262, "chars": 1630, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 3-
significant observations of the starfield or the moon. In
the absenfe of atmospheric scattering the sun appeared a
brillant white, but showed no signs of corona. It is of
interest, however, to consider Col. Glenn's observation
se to traint To a band sie to cient dered.
above the horizon, with a haze layer about two degrees
Although it has been speculated that
wide at the top.
The coloring of the
observation
the multipie layers of the window sound cause the high
of haze with
angle to the horizon outka air glow and haze safer, this
appears
naive unlikely because of the variations and angle of
do the indoo for differeet arentaliano of
view aller to dot Glenn off roteting the space craft.
, Cal Glenn said
and be fest that he did not see any double imaging
*e abactes in any of be other observations, hurther-
more, he was able to indieate that the stars eğservegthrough
the haze layer became less intense
while changing angle
Mear
towelow the horizon. The
also inj
It to ardent that 55? seed unthout it.
Further investigations of the air glow and haze layer***
should be carried out.
Meteorology: The strikinggedition of lightning dis-
charges as observed by Glenn point the way to consideration
detictione
of an e
fastion system for monitoring lightning storms over
the earth using the meteorological satellite.
The mapping
accompared g
of the distribution of thunderheads kiwa lightning during
the night appears to be relatively straightforward, while
the similar mapping during daylight appears feasible becaused
of the short time constant of the lightning flashes.
Recommendationg: There exe Aprazboty of number of

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1635, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-4=
have become evident
recommendations appear to be aparent following the very
successful flight of the Mercury capsule.
The astarnaut-scientist carrying out the ob-
describe lus obscractions by
sexrations from a space vehtele should, publish inder his
if desirable
name (vith an associate)angere arttele in a widely
stellain a successful blight these first-
distributed scientific journal. In this manner, sae obj
hand
servations would have wide distribution, be properly
would
credited to the observer, and partioilarly be edited
for correctness.
Additional support to the astronaut in carrying
out scientific observations is warranted particularly
in consideration of Col. Glenn's attidude and interest in
carrying out such observations. Several instruments may
be added to the spacecraft, within engineering limitations,
to assist in obtaining further detail, data •
B. Col. Glenn suggested that the following discussioms
would be to his interest. Such follow-on discussion is
strongely recommended for further questions and exchanges, and
inform the astronaut
analysis
to evaluate-fer-the-astrenaut of the results of the xxxx*
and study of his observations.
It is of the Most importanto that proper dark
adaptation methods be incorporated into the spacecraft system
so that the astronaut may optimize his visual observations.
comts
Investigations of the physics of cements and the
feasibility of the agoutal " Artificial Gomet"experiment"
may be carried out directly by the astronaut in a relatively
straightforward way. XXX&J These experiments should be
experimento.
carried out as on nigent to the feasibility of this prajeat.

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1448, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-3-
thestady t
and duilight seattering and, sisular phenomena
Forair glow and optical stuates, the photo-
not detechion
incorpanaling a
multiplier Bor *
system$ and e series of filters
Savailable, a screen for usaratens the U.V. anglos venely
(including' a possible fluoreseent plain filter to study
ay Flourescence
he ultra violet) should be incorporated into th
spacecraft.
Because a number of seientific experiments appear
reasonable following the success of the Mercury orbital.
Flight,
ed jin consideration of the presentyceplanned
manned-space-flight-program, some recommendations are
un shoned tabe
this acterity to improve the space scrence
apparent to take advantage of ntho improvenents in the program.
scientific exploration of the solar system and in
onederates may ba fuen toith followng.
t headquarters, it is recommended the
Space sciense reporting to the Director of Space
Sciences for scientific exploration ef in the Manned
Space Flight brogram and,
& The sonmation bifthat a committee or sub-committee be formed
indluding such people as Roace, Mutuat, Minnaert, Tousey,
Sekera,
a so fartin to wayde the scientific community
and the in this activity and,
É the Sormation
that a branch or dividion at one of the centers
aurian out pornt to sprank
anasaatell as a scientific team for direcksupport of th
in carayu
out scrantidii experiments,
astronaut-scientists
who ventur
into sys-solar? space.
clarb-
M. Dubai
Ideal here my lage

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 180, "chars": 1138, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Mr. Dubin
In zeply zefor tos SGA(JRGraml)
FEB 2 3 1962
MIMGRANDUM for the Piles
Subjeets
Telephone conversation with Dr. John 0 Keele
from Gape Canareral
The following information was gathered from a con-
versation with Dr. O*Keofe on Nednesday, Jab. 21, 1962:
Astronaut Glenn reported having seen small
Juminous partfelen during his flight, They appesred
to be moving at a speed of about three or four miles
per hour, They were apparently not more than 100
feet avy from the ampsule, and vere visible by
binocular vision.
Their color was golden 11ke
Preflian, and they seesed to be more to the
roar of the enpeule than ahead of it, though they
Mere visible for great distancen all around. These
partleles vere viaible only at sunrise (not at
sunset), and the capaule seemed to be Immersed in
They very definitely had nothing to do with
the caprule or its movement.
Glenn also reported that very eleer plotures
of the stars, Ineluding Orion, bed been taken with
the UV onnera, although the aspaule motion had
caused a "viggly" view.
Jocalyn R. G111
Staff Solentist
Astronomy & Solar Physies
Vils camera• 2300- 3000° A° - Han Vycor comdow

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 159, "chars": 1137, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
JOL 1 7 1982
Dubin
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
(CoNTRACT W-7405-ENG-36)
P.O. Box 1663
LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
IN REPLY
REPER TO: J-16-812
SG
1. J43y 13, 1962
JUL 17 1962
Dr • Jocelyn Gill
Room 62033
Federal Office Bldg. No. 6
Headquarters, N.A.S.A.
Washington 25, D. C.
FORMATIOn
Dear Dr. Gill:
•The June 29 issue of Science brought to my attention J. H. Glenn's comments
on "The High layer". It seemed possible that the layer he described could be
accounted for as a region of relatively large nitrogen peroxide (NOz) concentration,
and the past two weeks have been spent in checking this hypothesis. Unfortunately
I am not familiar with either photochemistry or upper atmosphere physics so the
following analysis leaves much to be desired; the hypothesis seems tenable, however,
so I would like to bring it to your attention.
Effective path length and comparison with possible surface observations.
Referring to Figure 1, the height (H) of a point at a distance (I) from a point
on the surface of a sphere of radius (R) can be found from the formula
(R+#)= = R°+L +2RL sin e
(1)
which has the solution
(2)

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 34, "chars": 256, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
Figure 1

Vertical path (No. 1)

Set ttt ALLEN» y No. 3

F P a
Ps « —_— = ——— ah -
; f i f@é — —
P ya ff / Pd é ae -
f Ps ‘ ln -
/ Fal
, if ut ate Oo or “
f J / e ,
j= di _—= — Se ae — -—_|— — =

jf =
’

UY Horizontal pa ioe No. @

from surface

Figure 2

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 111, "chars": 709, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS. NEW MEXICO
TO:
-2-
DATE: July 13, 1962
For the following I will assume that the concentration of absorbing molecules
in the region of interest can be described adequately by an exponential decrease
with altitude above the bottom, of the layer, hence, can be represented by
H
p = Po
e
(3)
where Y is the scale height in the layer and H must lie in the layer.
Then the
number of molecules per cm? is found to be
(molecules)
cm?
(4a)
(4b)
dy
(4c)
(5)
where the integral is over the range of y desired (usually 0 → ∞).
For a vertical view (sin 8 - 1) path, the solution is simply
N1 = Ypo
(6)
where po is the density at the base of the layer.

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 784, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
TO :
Dr • Jocelyn G111
- 3
DATE: July 13, 1962
For a horizontal path (sin e = 0) tangent to the base of a Layer (path No. 3)
we note that y < 1 in the contributing region, hence, can get an approximate form
N = RPO
ay
(7)
which has the value
N=
ARY
2
Po
(8)
Here po is the density at the base of the layer, as in equation (6) •
An astronaut's view thru a layer from above would see twice the path computed
by equation (7), giving
N3 = poV 2ARY molecules/cm?
(9)
A line of sight tangent to the earth and passing thru a layer at base altitude
H (path No. 2) will have
N - I
0207
(10)
and we note that
is the density at H1, the base of the layer, which we
set equal to po as in equations (6) and (9),
(11)

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 700, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
TO: Dr. Jocelyn Gill
-4-
DATE: July 13, 1962
Assuming that Y - 7 km in an absorbing layer, we note that a surface observer
viewing a layer at an altitude near 100 km will have available the ratio
N2
= 5•5
NI
(12)
An astronaut viewing along path No. 3 would have a much greater thickness, as
N-
1 = 75
. (13)
Viewing thru the layer to a point near the surface and out again the enhancement
would be much less,
N.
= 11
(14)
Light received by an observer from a "point source" in space is attenuated by
a factor e"oN where o 1s the absorption plus scattering cross section, giving
I
- = e-ON
(15a)
and
In
I
Io
= -ON
(15b)

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 122, "chars": 914, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
TO: Dr. Jocelyn G111
-5-
DATE: July 13, 1962
From the report in Science, I infer that for the layer reported,
1 < oN3 < 5
(16)
0N3 = 3 + 2
(17)
giving
0N1 = 0.04 = 0.027
(18)
and
oN2 = 0.22 + 0.15
(19)
Any such absorbing layer present during the day would result in rapid heating, and
reradiation in the infra-red range from whatever bands may be present. However,
the absorbers postulated below would be destroyed by photodissociation and/or
heating during the day. Hence, it is not surprising that solar spectra have not
shown such an absorbing layer.
Stellar, planetary or lunar spectra might show the existence of such a layer,
if the absorption spectrum has sufficient structure.
Setting
X,PO - NI
(20a)
we find the effective path length X1•
X1 = 7 x 105 cm
(20b)
X≥ - 3.9 x 10°cm (starting absorption at
100 km altitude)
(20c)

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 154, "chars": 1183, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS. NEW MEXICO
IO: Dr. Jocelyn G111
- 6-
DATE: July 13, 1962
X3 - 5.4 x 10° cm
X4 = 7.8 x 10° cm
(20đ)
(20e)
Absorbers Present in the Upper Atmosphere
Three constituents of the atmosphere near 100 km altitude absorb light through
most or all of the visible range, as would be required to get a noticeable dimming
of starlight.
They are: 1) NO2 (nitrogen peroxide)
2) 0 (negative atomic oxygen ion)
3) 0ž
negative molecular oxygen ion)
Of these, I found no cross section data for 02. For 0, Massey (Negative Ions;
Cambridge U. Press) gives curves showing absorption cross sections starting at
5620Å and approaching ~ 4 x 10-18 cm°/ion in the region 2 < 5000Å. There is
very little structure (only the onset at 56204).
From equation (17) we find that
Ng (0°)
~ 3+2
-18
= (7.5 + 5) x 1017
4 × 10
could explain the observed attenuation.
For an effective path length of 5.4 × 107 cm, we have po = (1.4 = 1) x 1010
negative ions/cm®.
Since the daytime free electron concentration in the E layer is 1.5 x 105 and
the night value 1s ~ 10% it seems hard to believe such a high nighttime concentration
of negative atomic ions.

===== PAGE 47 =====
{"alpha_words": 150, "chars": 1185, "method": "ocr", "page": 47, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
TO: Dr. Jocelyn Gi11
-7-
DATE: July 13, 1962
Nitrogen peroxide has been extensively studied and two papers were found
which gave absorption coefficients in the visible region of the spectrum. Wiley
and Foord (Proceedings of the Royal Society A135, 174 (1932) give a coefficient
which I convert to
0~1 - 3x10-19 cm?/molecule
depending on the wavelengths selected by their filters (the lower value was for
the range 4900 < 1 < 5250 A).
Hall and Blacet (J. Chem. Phys. 20, 1745 1952) give a curve obtained with
& Cary spectrophotometer having ~ 5Å resolution. Maximum absorption occurs in
the range 3500<1 < and and drops to ~ the the peak value at Å. They
give no data for longer wavelengths. I convert their absorption coefficients to
~ 6 x 10-19 cm/molecule at 4000 4, and ~ 3 x 10~19 cm/molecule at 5000 A.
Structure produces changes in cross section of ~ 2 x 10"19 cm/molecule at wave-
lengths separated by a few angstroms.
Taking an average value of 4 × 10"19 cm®/molecule, we find
N3 (NO2) = 2= 2
+ X 10
= (7.5 = 5) x 1018 molecules/cm?
and using X3 = 5.4 x 107cm
Po = (1.4 + 1) x 1012 molecules/cm3

===== PAGE 48 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1660, "method": "ocr", "page": 48, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
TO: Dr. Jocelyn G111
8
DATE: July 13, 1962
Readily detectable structure would produce variations of oN1 and aNa Of
about half the attenuation figure given in equations (18) and (19) which is
near the threshold of detectability.
I have not yet found an author who estimates the concentration of NO or
NOz in the atmosphere; Bates and Nicolet discuss the reactions which lead to it
in the book "The Earth as a Planet", edited by G. P. Kuiper (Volume II of
The Solar System).
Nicolet calculates the photodissociation time as 200 seconds during daytime,
and shows the concentration must be so low that no effect on solar observations
would be found.
As a general conclusion, it seems to me more likely that NOz would be
responsible for an absorbing layer, generated perhaps with the aid of downward
diffusion of NO to higher pressure regions favoring oxidation to NO2• The
color suggested by Glenn fits very well', as may be quickly verified by looking
thru the vapor space above concentrated nitric acid.
Experimental Proposal.
Ideally, one could ask for the absorption coefficient as a function of wave-
length (over a very wide spectral range) and time after sunset on the air volume
investigated.
It seems possible to get very useful data with a relatively simple experiment
perhaps possible of inclusion in one of the manned orbital flights.
Using & slow-speed movie camera, photograph the star field and such planets
(including the moon) as opportunity permits, with approximately a 10° field of
view and enough exposure to permit photometric measurements as the light sources

===== PAGE 49 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1834, "method": "ocr", "page": 49, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS. NEW MEXICO
IO: Dr. Jocelyn Gill
-9
DATE: July 13, 1962
"pass through" the atmosphere, especially the absorbing layer (perhaps such
sequences already exist). At the expected orbital height, I estimate a 7 km
thick layer would subtend ~ 1/2 degree and a given light source would "pass
through" it in eight seconds. Attempts to derive a density distribution would
require a fair number of points in the "1-1/2 or 2 degrees" (divide by 3 ?)
so a frame interval near one per second seems desirable. If operated continuously
thru the night passage approximately 100 feet of 16 mm film would be required
per passage.
As a crude attempt at spectroscopy, color filters could be used on some of
the sequences, without too serious light loss. For example, a Corning No. 5030
or No. 5543 filter would limit exposure to the wavelength range of maximum
absorption by NOz (light loss may be considerable) and a Corning No. 3480 filter
would 1imit exposure to the wavelength range where O absorption is negligible.
Relatively broad band interference filters would be useable on the brighter
stars and planets. Direct visual observation through such filters would also be
useful, especially if photography is impractical and the astronaut tries to
reproduce any attenuation noted by neutral density filters in combination with
the same filters and stars used in space.
Photometric observations of some of the "intense" airglows mentioned by
various authors would also be very instructive. The increased intensity due to
external tangential viewing would help a great deal, and precise height de-
terminations could be made.
It may be useful to ask Glenn and Carpenter to reproduce the dimming (as well
as memory allows) by narrow strips of neutral density filters against the star

===== PAGE 50 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1761, "method": "ocr", "page": 50, "variant": "plain-vision"}
LOS ALAMOS SCIENTIFIC LABORATORY
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
LOS ALAMOS, NEW MEXICO
TO: Dr. Jocelyn Gill
10
DATE: July 13, 1962
field they saw, or to compare the intensity and color changes noted with that
thru an absorbing cell containing NO2•. The required thickness is readily available.
Acknowledgments
The author has benefited greatly from discussions with several associates,
especially as regards references to sources of upper atmospheric and photochemical
data.
Dr. Robert Sherman has assisted in location of data on the absorption cross
section of NO2• Dr. Arthur Cox suggested a number of references and confirmed the
author's belief that reasonably accurate photometric observations could be made on
photographs of a star field. Dr. Ieston Miller has emphasized the importance of
even crude control of the wavelengths responsible for exposure. All of the men
mentioned above are members of the los Alamos Scientific Laboratory•
Dr. J. A. O'Keefe of the Theoretical Division of the Goddard Space Flight Center
generously discussed the observations of J• Glenn and S. Carpenter, and my hypo-
thesis regarding NOz absorption. He has referred me to the excellent articles in
"The Earth as a Planet" and encouraged my submission of this letter.
Future Work
I would, of course, be interested in your opinion, and that of other experts in
the field, of the above hypothesis. If your group recommends inclusion of such
observations on a future flight, we may be able to help on some points in data
acquisition. I am sure the project would deserve review and control by a panel
of men such as Bates and Nicolet•
Respectfully submitted,
not Natt
BOB E. WATT
Assoc. J-Div. lar.
and Gre. Idr. J-16
BEW: jo
Distribution:
1 - Dr. Jocelyn Gill
1 - Dr. .T. A. O'Keefe

===== PAGE 51 =====
{"alpha_words": 296, "chars": 1944, "method": "ocr", "page": 51, "variant": "plain-vision"}
O Mc
Ruden
In reply refer to: SC:MLimI
21 February 1962
MEMORANDUM
Subjeet:
Possible Soientifie Visual Information
Obtained by J. H. Glenn
Two (2) interesting observations were reported in the Press,
as described by Colonel Glenn during the MA-6 flight. It is of
vital interest to obtain a more detailed description of these observa-
tions in order that the accuracy and the details of what was observed
may be properly recorded for sedentific evaluation. The two obser-
vations were:
(a) The report of the great number of luminous particles
apparently travelling with the spacecraft at Friendahip-7 sunrise;
(b) The altitudes or angular view of the upper 11mb
of the atmosphere.
The thousands of luminous partieles vere described as
travelling with the spacecraft. It is important that Glenn describe
in detail precisely the observational characteristies under which he
saw the particles in order to obtain an estimate of the brightness
of these particles. the questions that ve vould like answered aze
what was the basis of Glenn's determination øt that the particles
vere actually travelling with the spacecraft and whether this condi-
tion persisted on subseguent orbits. In addition, the geometry of
the observations should be further deseribed in order to derive the
geometrie distribution of the particles relative to the spacecraft's
window. (The precise observational time and the position of sun-
Light luminosity can readily be deterined from the orbit of the
spacecraft itself). These partieles may be geocentric in origin
and may be suspended in the atmosphere. There are at least two
hypothesis for expleining partteles travelling with the spacecraft.
The intensity compared to starlight should be determined also as
this information is of importance in determining further infomation
about the absolute number and cross-sections of the particles and may
relate to the dust content or zodiacal 1ight as vell as the gegen-
schein.

===== PAGE 52 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 1034, "method": "ocr", "page": 52, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 2 -
In a siatlar nanner, the observations of the horizon and the
extent of the atnosphere are of great interest in deterining the
distribution of various atmosphere characteristies. The precise
11ghting conditions regarding the position of the sun and the
intenaity of the outer edge of the horizon as observed by Colonel
Glenn may be used in the considaration of what Glenn setually saw.
For exple, he may have seen the limit of the atmosphere (based
on the 8 degree 11mb deseribed in the press, the atmoaphere
apparently extended to over 150) by Toyleigh scatterings he
may have seen the sirglow or he may have seen the Wis scattering
fron dust in the atmosphere.
The true lindting angle of his
observations and a graph of the intensity drop-off with angle tron
the earth should be obtatned in addition to the lighting conditions.
It is recoumended that this infomation be obtained from
Colonel. Glenn as soon as possible.
Maurice Dubin
Head, Aeronomy Program
Geophysies & Astronony Progasm
Office of Space Seiences
SG
SG
Fellove

===== PAGE 53 =====
{"alpha_words": 11, "chars": 107, "method": "ocr", "page": 53, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
ND Vy
HAND-CARRY
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND

SPACE ADMINISTRATION
WASHINGTON, D.C.

SPECIAL

GPO 16—75511-1

===== PAGE 54 =====
{"alpha_words": 51, "chars": 416, "method": "ocr", "page": 54, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1. SGG
2. SG
3.
4.
5.
NASA HEADQUARTERS ROUTING, SLIP
ACTION
CODE
NAME (if necessary)
APPROVAL
CONCURRENCE
Fellows
FILE
INFORMATION
INVESTIGATE AND ADVISE
NOTE AND FORWARD
10
Cortright
NOTE AND RETURN
PER REQUEST
RECOMMENDATION
SEE ME
5G
SIGNATURE
REPLY FOR SIGNATURE OF:
6.
7.
REMARKS:
CODE:
FROM:
SGC
NASA Form 26 (Rev. July 1959)
NAME:
Dubin
21 žев
DATE:
2/21/62
* U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1959 OF-513026

===== PAGE 55 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1741, "method": "ocr", "page": 55, "variant": "plain-vision"}
In reply refer to: SGC:ML:ml
21 February 1962
MEMORANDUM
Subject:
Possible Scientific Visual Information
Obtained by J. H. Glenn
1. Iwo (2) interesting observations were reported in the Press,
as described by Colonel Glenn during the MA-6 flight. It is of
vital interest to obtain a more detailed description of these observa-
tions in order that the accuracy and the details of what was observed
may be properly recorded for scientific evaluation. The two obser-
vations were:
(a) The report of the great number of luminous particles
apparently travelling with the spacecraft at Friendship-7 sunrise;
and
(b) The altitudes or angular view of the upper limb
of the atmosphere.
2.
The thousands of luminous particles were described as
travelling with the spacecraft. It is important that Glenn describe
in detail precisely the observational characteristics under which he
saw the particles in order to obtain an estimate of the brightness
of these particles.
The questions that we would like answered are
what was the basis of Glenn's determination of that the particles
were actually travelling with the spacecraft and whether this condi-
tion persisted on subsequent orbits. In addition, the geometry of
the observations should be further described in order to derive the
geometric distribution of the particles relative to the spacecraft's
and may be suspended in the atmosphere. There are at least two
for explaining particles travelling with the spacecraft.
The intensity compared to starlight should be determined also as
this information is of importance in determining further information
about the absolute number and cross-sections of the particles and may
relate to the dust content of zodiacal light as well as the gegen-
schein.

===== PAGE 56 =====
{"alpha_words": 173, "chars": 1074, "method": "ocr", "page": 56, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- 2 -
In a similar manner, the observations of the horizon and the
extent of the atmosphere are of great interest in determining the
distribution of various atmospheric characteristics. The precise
lighting conditions regarding the position of the sun and the
intensity of the outer edge of the horizon as observed by Colonel
Glenn may be used in the consideration of what Glenn actually saw.
For example, he may have seen the limit of the atmosphere (based
on the 8 degree limb described in the press, the atmosphere
apparently extended to over 150 Km) by Rayleigh scattering; he
may have seen the airglow; or he may have seen the MIE scattering
from dust in the atmosphere. The true limiting angle of his
observations and a graph of the intensity drop-off with angle from
the earth should be obtained in addition to the lighting conditions.
It is recommended that this information be obtained from
Colonel Glenn as soon as possible.
Wanna Dakin
Maurice Dubin
Head, Aeronomy Program
Geophysics & Astronomy Programs
Office of Space Sciences
SG
BFF.
Fellows
so fellack
Clark

===== PAGE 57 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1806, "method": "ocr", "page": 57, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DRAFT OF NOTE ON THE SCIENTIFIC OBSERVATIONS
Toward the end of the flight, between 16 hr and 47 min (UT) and 17 hr
and 03 min (UT), 24 May 1962, It. Car. Carpenter made a series of observations
on a luminous band visible around the horizon. The most decisive observation
was made with an airglow filter supplied by Mr. Lawrence Dunkelman of Goddard
Space Flight Center. The filter transmits a narrow band of wavelengths,
approximately 1l Angstromswide at the half power point
and centered at the
wavelength of the strongest radiation of the night airglow, namely 5577 Angstroms
The filter cut out all other light, but passed the light of the luminous band,
which is thus identified as the 5577 layer.
Lt. Car. Carpenter noted that the layer was very bright. He found
that Phecda, Ursae Majoris, magnitude 2.5 was lost to sight at the brightest
part of the layer. Assuming that the image of Pheda occupies about l square
minute of are on the retina, or 8.18 x 10°
steradiane an
Assuming that a star of
magnitude 0.8 yields 10°6 Lux (Lumens/m?) we find that the brightness of the
layer is about 3 Lumensm?) (steradian) or 3 x 10-4 stilbs. This is equivalent
to about 4 x 104 ex/m?) (steradian) taking the least mechanical equivalent
of light as 1.61 x 10-3 watts per lumen for 5560 A as per the AIP handbook. It
is about 50 times as bright as a white surface illuminated by moonlight.
The angular height of the layer was found in 5 different ways:
1. By direct estimate - 8º to 10°.
2. By noting that it is approximately twice the height of
the twilight layer. It. Car. Carpenter estimated the height of the twilight
layer as 5 sun diameters, which means 2-1/2 degrees, hence the height of the
5577 layer would be 5°.
3. By observation of the star Pheda (YU Ma) as it passed
the middle of the luminous band.

===== PAGE 58 =====
{"alpha_words": 294, "chars": 1820, "method": "ocr", "page": 58, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4. By noting the time when Phecda was halfway from the
luminous band to the horizon.
By noting the fact that when the cross of the reticle
the niringtal bor
is set diagonally, #t just covers the distance from the band to the horizon.
By method 3, we make use of the time of passage through the middle
of the layer. This point is marked by a reference to a mark on the telemetering.
It to understood that this mark can only be found on the ground otation tapes,
and conversation with Lt Codr. Carpenter
which are not yet avattabte, but boy careful timing of the capsule tape, it
appears to have been very close to a 4h im 195, capsule elapsed time, i.e.,
16h50M458. UT. For this instant the capsule coordinates as interpolated from
the Woomera tracking data, were - longitude = 127° 40:0
Latitude = -18° 49:8
height = 226 kilometers
At this moment, the line of sight to y Ursae Majoris was tangent to
the layer of maximum thickness of 5577. The angular zenith distance of YU Ma
at this time was found to be 101°42'. A line of this zenith distance is tangent
to a spherical shell of the proper radius which is 137 kilometers below the
capsule or 89 kilometers above sea level. Accordingly, this observation should
be interpreted as indicating that the densest part of the 5577 layer is at a
height of 89 kilometers, which is in good agreement with rocket measures.
The lower limit of the visible light appeared to be near 78 kilometers;
but this/detérmination is not considered as/ significant, since a laminous shell
/is /expected to diminish gradually downward in apparent brightness, oven/if It is
Athaly very thin.
the upper Vim/t of the Jayer is at about/105 k/hometero, 60 kar/as/ can
He justeed
fron the voice tape/,
this result is quite uncertain.
The filter observation on the airglow was made at 17h 02™ 68, UT.

===== PAGE 59 =====
{"alpha_words": 324, "chars": 2006, "method": "ocr", "page": 59, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sunrise was observed at about 1' later, while the observation was going on.
It follows that the airglow is visible even when the twilight band is very
strong. An attempt to observe it in the day is certainly indicated. In this
connection, it should be noted that Capt. V. I. Grissom reported a grayish band
at the top of the blue sky layer. (Results of the Second U. S. Manned Suborbital
Space Flight, NASA, GPO (1961). He remembers this layer as narrow and grayish
in color, representing an actual increase in intensity. He pointed out the
approximate position of the layer on one of Lt. Car. Carpenter's photographs
at the height of 1.7 degrees above the horizon. Grissom may have observed the
daytime airglow.
Carpenter did not note any structures, either vertical or horizontal,
in this layer. He did not observe it completely around the horizon but believes it
to be continuous all the way. It does not appear possible that this layer can
actually absorb starlight. Any layer at this level capable of absorbing a
noticeable fraction of the light (25% or more ) would also scatter light strongly;
it would therefore be a very prominent object on the daylight side. In fact, it
is not definitely visible on the photographs of the day side. This is entirely
in agreement with It. Car. Carpenter's impression, namely that the decreased
visibility of stars passing through the layer was a contrast effect.
A remarkable feature of this observation is the discrepancy between
the eye estimates of 8%10° for the altitudes above the horizon, on the one
hand, and the results of timed observations on the other. The latter indicates
altitudes of 2º to 3°
• The latter are clearly correct; for example, Carpenter
noted that when one arm of his reticle was at an angle of 45°, it covered the
space between the horizon and the bright band. The crossarm is 1.21 centimeters
in length and it is a distance of 26.2 centimeters from the astronaut's eye.
At an angle of 45°, it subtends a vertical angle of about 2º.6.

===== PAGE 60 =====
{"alpha_words": 323, "chars": 2042, "method": "ocr", "page": 60, "variant": "plain-vision"}
It thus appears that there is a strong illusion which exaggerates
angles near the horizon, and which was evidently also present in MA-6, since
It. Col. Glenn also reports 7º to 8º as the height of the luminous band. The
illusion is perhaps comparable to the well-known illusion which makes the moon
seem larger near the horizon.
Carpenter also noticed and photographed the Glenn effect. He reports
white objects resembling snowflakes, seen at sunrise on all three orbits.
However, he also saw these objects 7 minutes after the first sunrise and again
43 minutes after sunrise; and 2', II'', 23, 26", 36 and 45 after the second
sunrise. It is thus quite clear that they are not related to sunrise, except
perhaps in the sense of being most easily visible then.
Carpenter managed to photograph a few of these particles. Some of them
were very considerably brighter than the moon, which was then very near the first
quarter. At this time, the moon is about -10; the particles may have been be-
tween -12.5 magnitude (10 x brighter than the moon) and -15 magnitude (100 x
brighter than the moon). The second is considered more likely, in view of the
appearance of the full moon (-12.5) as shown on MA-6 photographs. At -15, the
particle brightness is consistent with centimeter size snowflakes. The
particles were verbally described by Carpenter as between 1 mm and 1 cm in size,
and having a strong visual resemblance to snowflakes.
Shortly before reentry, just at sunrise, Carpenter performed the de-
cisive experiment of hitting the capsule walls with his hand. The blows promptly
resulted in the liberation of large numbers of particles. It is thus clear that
at least those particles observed in the MA-6 flight emanated from the capsule.
The possibility that the particles might be dye marker or shark re-
pellant, both of which are green and both of which are exposed to the vacuum,
was considered by Mr. Frank M. Crichton, NASA capsule inspector. Crichton had
tests made which demonstrated that neither material tended to escape from the

===== PAGE 61 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 1828, "method": "ocr", "page": 61, "variant": "plain-vision"}
package in a vacuum. The possibility that it might represent small particles
from the fiberglass insulator was also considered; in view of the smallness of
the fibers, it appears likely that they would have been blown away at once,
like the Mylar confetti. The dynamic pressure of 1 dyne m? is sufficient to
anything
remove at once weighing less than about 10 to 100 milligrams cm?
; which
corresponds to a thickness of the order of 0.3 to 1 millimeter for most
ordinary substances.
As mentioned in the MA-6 report, there are two plausible sources
within the capsule for these particles.
(1) Snow formed by condensation of steam
from the life-support system.
(2) Small particles of dust, waste, bits
of insulation and other sweepings.
The latter are very conspicuous in a zero g environment, when there
is nothing to keep them down; it is found to be extraordinarily difficult to
free the interior of the capsule of such material. Undoubtedly, the exterior
parts of the capsule which are exposed to the environment will contain these
things, and they undoubtedly play a part in the Glenn effect. In particular,
a corkscrew shaped piece observed by Carpenter was probably a turning or
perhaps a raveled piece of insulation.
On the other hand, there is considerable evidence which
points to
snow as the source of the majority of the material. In the first place, water
is dumped out of the capsule in far larger quantities than any other substance.
In the second place, the material looked like snowflakes both to Glenn and to
Carpenter. In the third place, the frequency with which the Glenn effect is
reported by Carpenter appears to be correlated with the temperature of the
exterior of the capsule as recorded by thermocouples in the shingles. The
temperature was always lowest at night, falling to temperatures of -35°C just

===== PAGE 62 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2088, "method": "ocr", "page": 62, "variant": "plain-vision"}
before sunrise, and rising to plus 10°C just after sunrise. During the second
day, the temperatures were lower, reaching about -25°C during portions of the day.
From about 3h 30m, CET, on the second period of sunlight, the temperatures were
higher, und only one particle is mentioned.
If the effect is indeed due to condensation of moisture, then the
broad end of the capsule is a more likely source than the narrow end, because
the temperatures were 20°C or more higher at the narrow end.
The condensation probably took place inside the capsule, rather than
outside, because even at the lowest recorded shingle temperature, around -50°C,
the vapor pressure over ice amounts to about 0.039 millibars. Although this
pressure is very low, it greatly exceeds the ambient pressure at the lowest
capsule altitudes. Accordingly, it is not possible that snowilakes should form
under these circumstances, even though it is true that the capsule must be
surrounded by an expanding atmosphere of water vapor.
If the water-vapor expands freely, it is clear that the pressure at a
distance of l meter from
a hole 1 cm in diameter will be of the order of
1/10,000 of the pressure at the hole. Hence it is fairly clear that the pressure
inside the capsule will be far higher than the outside pressure, in spite of the
presence of 18 one-centimeter apertures. Hence condensation within the capsule
is more likely than condensation outside. It is noteworthy that no formation
of rime was noticed either on the window or on the balloon string. It is con-
sidered most likely that the particles of the Glenn effect are
snowflakes formed
in the capsule, between the cabin bulkhead and the heat shield by the steam
exhaust from the life-support system. It is suggested that they escape into
space through the porte, being driven outward by the expanding vapor. Note
that at 02 52 47, Carpenter noted a particle moving faster than he. At 02 50 00,
he planned to observe sunrise and was facing forward. This particle was thereby
probably seen east of him. Most of the particles are seen behind him and falling

===== PAGE 63 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1342, "method": "ocr", "page": 63, "variant": "plain-vision"}
• ar
back. This supports the idea that the particles probably are pushed outward by
the expanding steam from the capsule, before they begin to stream backward. It
is probable that many of the particles lodge on the outside of the capsule,
since Carpenter is quite sure, from the direction of streaming across the
window, that the particles came from a point near where the knocking was done.
Carpenter obtained two excellent photographs of the sun when just
above the horizon. These photographs plainly show the flattened, sausage-
Carpenter notes that what he saw was like the photographs show with the exitption of some reflection of the
shaped form photographed earlier by Glenn. 1 Calculations of this theoretical
shape are being made at this time for comparison with the astronaut observations.
The flattened shape is due to the fact that the lower portion of the sun's disk
is seen through layers which refract the light much more strongly than those
through which the upper part is seen. As a conseyuence, the whole disk appears
flattened. A similar, but much smaller flattening has long been known to be
observable from the ground. A part of the interest of this phenomenon comes
from the fact that at great distances, as at the moon, the effect of this re-
fraction is to make the
sun appear as a red ring of light around the earth.

===== PAGE 64 =====
{"alpha_words": 251, "chars": 1414, "method": "ocr", "page": 64, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Or. M. Dubin:
VASA Heda
Code Sc quarters
SCIENLIFIC DEBRIEFING
June 1, 1963
(First Experiment - Flashing Light)
John McKee: One of the first questions that I have regards some estimates
you made of the beacon distance. Were those based entirely on the knowledge
of how bright it was from previous aircraft training or do you feel there
was some other distance cue somehow involved in the test.
Cooper: No. If I had no previous experience on the light, I don't believe
I would have had any possibility of telling how far it was except that on
that second night pass after ejecting the light. Apparently the sun was
shining on it as I saw this steady glow, up to about my level on the orbital
path. At that time I had a little bit more depth perception on it and could
/
seem to note the proper drift on it. That was the first time that I saw it.
Other than that, it was pretty well related back to what I saw in the planetarium
and to the experiments we did on the aircraft when we had radar measurements.
/
McKee: - At the time you deployed the light you said you felt it deploy; did
you notice the pitch rate? -- or what was the sensation?
/
Cooper: No, I didn't notice any rate as such. I could really feel it in
the spacecraft and to me it felt just like there were doors banging open
down there
as it departed and just a little bit of a jolt through the
spacecraft. It was a good solid thump when it took off.

===== PAGE 65 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1618, "method": "ocr", "page": 65, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-2-
BIll Armstrong: Actually Gordo, It turned out, it gave you about a half of
& degree per second in the opposite direction. This was very apparent on the
postflight record. You can see your thruster action when you start to pitch
up and then as you come right to the bottom of the curve you can see this
little blip on your rate; and then the attitude started back' the other way.
It was real definite. Something on the order of a half of a degree per second,
or a little more. It was real definite where it occurred. Well what it does
1s start your pitch back the other way. If you remember, you never did use
any thruster action to go back in the other direction, to pitch back down after
you deployed. You went to cage - to retroattitude and the attitudes just go
and start back over. It was real clear on the records where it went out.
Shepard: Say, in regard to the first question, do you think because you
had the earth as background you could judge distance, because you had earth
as background?
Cooper: I think possibly so. Of course it's like an airplane when it'g
a considerable distance out. It is almost impossible to judge the distance
away. You can talk yourself into believing it is almost any distance from
you. And when it gets on in closer you really have a bit more perspective
on it. I did feel that I had almost judged the distance on that first try.
In fact I didn't even believe that was it when I first saw it. I couldn't
think of anything else that it could be but it was just solid light. And
as it turns out looking back now on it, I am sure this was because the sun

===== PAGE 66 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1386, "method": "ocr", "page": 66, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-3-
had not completely set; I'm sure my retro pack area was in the sunlight.
I'm sure that is what I saw glowing, --was the sun reflecting off of it.
Although I had not seen it from previous viewing on the day side or the
•
night
side.
McKee: When you didn't see it on the first night side, did you have any
personal feeling that the light wasn't flashing? Did you correct your
attitude when you didn't see it or did you have any feeling what the problem
was?
Cooper: I just don't have any idea. I kept doubting myself. Ihis was
the first time of course that I had ever tried aligning to small end forwari,
a 180° yaw as wel call it and of course aligning, on the night side. I began
to doubt that I was aligned properly. I went to the star charts and rechecked
and found in fact that I was not quite aligned correctly at first. But then
I did double check and found that I was --- I'm sure several times thru the
night I was aligned exactly on and in using the horizon line just about in
the middle of the window even moving up and down almost invariably. I Just
don't have any idea why I didn't see it.
Bill Armstrong: You did change your attitudes? •That was one of the things
I wanted to Know. Do you remember at the beginning of the night phase, did
you first start looking low and then toward the end look high or did you
just sort of scan the area or what?

===== PAGE 67 =====
{"alpha_words": 229, "chars": 1366, "method": "ocr", "page": 67, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-4-
Cooper: Well first I started trying to get ny 180° yaw point. This 1s
not the easiest thing in the world to get on the night side, and particularly
when you have to go into your star charts 50 minutes ahead of where you had
normally been used to using them. Infinally did find star patterns that gave
me the proper orientation. I was using, around 15 to 20 degrees Ditched down,
I was just keeping the horizon in the sort of bottom part of the window and
I got around this area, I then tried varying the attitude up and down to
look for the light.
Shepard: You mentioned in your report that,--you talked about approximately
25 minutes after you caged your gyros, that you saw a lot of lightning
particularly in that area.
Cooper: well, this is one possibility that there was & slight compromise
to the light. Particularly on the first night side there was considerable
Large lightning down there. I found concentrations of large thunderstorms
right up in there and saw quite & lot of light flashing through fairly
large areas. I still don't believe that even on the other night side, in
spite of these I still could see the light even with this as a background.
It is really not an excuse for not seeing it and I really honestly can't
say why I didn't. I had begun to doubt that it. was really flashing.
McKee: Was the moon ever a problem?

===== PAGE 68 =====
{"alpha_words": 281, "chars": 1508, "method": "ocr", "page": 68, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-5-
Cooper: The moon was probably ideal. It was down to about a third moon.
It was a very distinctive moon when you could see it but it wasn't causing
the great amount of light that a full moon would have caused., I could see
the glow on the ground, on the clouds and on the land, from the moon., It
was not enough to obliterate all the stars, or when the light was sort of in
the direction of the moon. It didn't matter. Q. Was the light ever close
to the moon? A. No, the light was never close to the moon. "he moon came
up just at the last part of the night. It was never close to the moon
because the moon was just coming, - the moon came up just at the last part
of the night. It had not been up very long before, before I began to get
daylight. "
Bill Armstrong: This is a real puzzler. We looked at the temperature traces
in the retro pack area; they ran cooler, this flight. Around 60 or 62 degrees.
Bill Carmines said that they had actually flashed the light at this lower
temperatures without any problem. He talked to Langley people and he says
that if the light had failed to work the first time it would have never
warmed enough later in the flight to start flashing. It is hard to visualize
it not having been working the first time and then worked the second time.
Do you think your attitude - could you tell any difference in your
attitude the second night when you saw the light. In yaw as compared with
the first do you think you had your yaw pinned down better then?

===== PAGE 69 =====
{"alpha_words": 196, "chars": 1118, "method": "ocr", "page": 69, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-6-
Cooper: Well, not really. As I went into both night sides I could pretty
well estimate 180° yew. The first night side I was not completely around.
I started yawing around and night was suddenly upon me and I wasn't quite in
the full 180° position, so I did have to hunt for the 180° position a little
bit. On the second night side after I ejected the light, I was already in
my 180°
position before going into the night side.
Mercer: How high above or below horizon line or window did you look for light?
In other words how far down or how high did you go with your pitch attitude?
Cooper: On the first night side I allowed it to drift very, very slowly and
changed them as I needed to, very very slightly to keep my yaw on 180° and
it varied back and forth very slightly. But I went all the way down to
where the horizon would fil1 the whole window and up to where I just barely
had the horizon in sight.
B1l1 Armstrong: Did you see it come right away when you looked on the second
night?
Cooper: I just barely got into the night.
Bill Armstrong: In other words you picked it up right away?

===== PAGE 70 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1444, "method": "ocr", "page": 70, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-7-
Cooper: Almost. Almost as it began to get dark. Of course it gets dark
Just like that. Zam It gets dark. I had Just,--it was dark earth background
and as I say my first feeling on seeing it was definitely coming from below
very very slowly. As I watched It was getting higher in my line of sight to the
earth. In other words as I was holding the earth on & fixed place on the
window this was coming up. It was coming up in relation to me, and was
finally up to my level. And as I saw it coming up it was solid 1ight. My
first though on it was that it looked just 11ke the missiles that I have seen
launched at night from Cape Canaveral; when you're flying at night at a high'
altitude and see them launched. It didn't have the same glow but it was
very very bright, and solid and seemed to becoming up.
Bill Armstrong: That is something else we checked into. It would have been
impossible for this light to have been steady for you. It is necessary to
fully charge the condenser and then get a quick discharge.
Cooper: That's why I think It must have been the sunshine on it from behind.
Because of the altitude we were both at, the sun would be shining on it at
that point. I had Just gone into the night side. Even though it was dark
if I had yawed around to zero yaw it would have been in the bright sun.
B111 Armstrong: Was it above the horizon when you saw it flashing or was it
still in the haze layer, or what?

===== PAGE 71 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1295, "method": "ocr", "page": 71, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-8-
Cooper: It was just still slightly below the horizon. It had come up almost
to the horizon. It had been a fair amount below it when I first saw it. In
fact I was pitched down to about -34° and I saw it tovards the bottom part
of the window when I first picked it up. By the time it got up to where it
•
was maybe 15 degrees higher (in relation to me and my line of sight), I
suddenly saw it flashing.
Bill Armstrong: That's just where it would have been. If would have been
just coming to the horizon.
John Boynton: Was this predominantly above the horizon?
Bill Armstrong: In the first orbit, no. On the first orbit it is very 1ow.
That is why he might not have seen it the initial part of the orbit. Somewhere
about 20 or 30 minutes thru thennight side, it passes through the horizon
and then it goes about 25 or 30 degrees high. It goes through & fairly
large angle change at first, and the further out it gets of course the
smaller the angle change is. The second night after deployment just about
at sunset it starts up through the horizon and then all the time during the
second night phase it is above the horizon. Ihen the third one is above the
horizon all of the time.
John: If he is at zero roll what is the maximum visual angle of sight through
the window?

===== PAGE 72 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1341, "method": "ocr", "page": 72, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-9-
Bill Armstrong: You get a 30 degree angle view through the window., From
the top of the window to the bottom, 302°. You can see over an elevation
variation of 30 degrees.
John: How far would he have to pitch down?
B111 Armstrong: He would probably have to be below retroattitude. He had
to almost have all earth in the window. Probably about 30 degrees.
Cooper: I had afew comments that I made on the onboard tape about
the light:
"I am at last daylight going into dark" I had been looking for that flashing
beacon. "This light in sight is below me. It is quite a brownish reddish
brown and considerable altitude above the ground." In other words I was
convinced it was not a light down on the ground but it had movement. I
mentioned several other items here such as this light being visible among
the stars. "The light is flashing, now. It is the light. It is quite
bright and quite discernible. It appears to be about 10 to 12 miles away.
I'm keeping it exactly in the window. About the order of a second magnitude
star now." and that time was 05:11:34. "The light is still in sight in the
center of the window.".
Bill Armstrong: Did you, --according to the voice tape it indicates that you
may have yawed away a little bit then and then came back. Is that right?
Did you yaw away and then come right back to it?

===== PAGE 73 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1137, "method": "ocr", "page": 73, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
Cooper: Just once.
-10-
Bill Armstrong: Did you do it twice or just once?
Cooper: No, I kept it in sight for quite awhile and then yawed awey from it
and then came right back.
Cooper: At 05:13:40 I made some comments on the Milky Way and various
things and at 05:16:35 the light was still in sight. Thunderstorms were
in under it at the moment but it was still quite distinctive. And this is
at 05:18:05.
Bill Armstrong: What brightness do you think you need if you are going to
try to acquire some target in space.
Cooper: It was very distinctive both times. At this brightness where it
was on the second night side after the ejection, both times it was very
distinctive more than the brightness of course, it was the flashing•., On
the third night side it was extremely faint but the flashing allowed mer to
pick it up. I wouldn't have been able to see it the third night but for the
flashing.
Bill Armstrong: Do you think that either at the initial acquisition of the
thing or even toward the end of the second night phase the brightness would
be sufficient if you would be trying to locate a rendezvous target?

===== PAGE 74 =====
{"alpha_words": 227, "chars": 1272, "method": "ocr", "page": 74, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-11-
Cooper: I think so. I think with that brightness, if you know approximately
where to 1ook for the thing and with it flashing, you certainly ought to be
able to find it pretty readily.
Day: Do you think similar experiments should be carried on or is this
sufficient?
Cooper: I think this probably shows us what we really want to see I think
there is going to be problem like there is in aircraft. As you move in closer
to it you are going to have to have something that gives a little bit more
capability to obtain distance from it at the time; such as perhaps two 1ights
that you could range on; like navigation lights on aircraft.
Question: Were internal lights on in the night observations?
Cooper: On most night sides I had all the lights down completely and used
just the glove lights to read critical items.
Bill Armstrong: On the third night phase you say you had to đo a good bit
of searching. Were you searching the entire third night, and when did you
first see it?
Cooper: Slightly past the middle of the night. I think that on the third
night side the brightness was such that it was sheer accident that I found it•
If you just happen to pass it in the scan pattern you might see it flashing.
It would, however, be very easy to miss.

===== PAGE 75 =====
{"alpha_words": 190, "chars": 1090, "method": "ocr", "page": 75, "variant": "plain-vision"}
/Scientific Debriefing
-12-
Bill Armstrong: You feel brightness suitable for a rendezvous target would
be something on the order of second or third magnitude.
Cooper: Yes.
Bill: That's one of the main things we wanted to find out. Does the brightness
of the second night 1o0k about right? Was the third night too dim?
Cooper: Yes, the third one is getting a little too dim.
Bill: Do you think you have got to have good sighting information to pick
these up even with bright light?
Cooper: Well, it is a pretty big sky at night up there and there are a lot
of bright stars. I think you're going to have to have some sighting data
to get within a reasonable cone area to hunt. for it.
McKee: What about the flash frequency rate?
Cooper: I think the flash rate could be cut down. I think you could maybe
halve the flash rate. I would rather see it twice as bright and see it flash
half as often.. A flash rate, even one every two seconds is still distinctive.
Maybe not quite as distinctive as the one per second, but it still would
attract your attention.
• Bill: How about the deploy marks?

===== PAGE 76 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1324, "method": "ocr", "page": 76, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-13-
Cooper: Those deploy marks worked real well. They were excellent for getting
in retroattitude also. They position your head to a real positive position.
B111: We have read the attitude records pretty carefully. Iou were between
20 and 22 degrees, so you were right in there. Do you think the window
smudges, the discoloration of the window, might have had significant effect?
Do you think it produced enough attenuation to cause any trouble?
Cooper: Actually I tried and tried to note how much attenuation you get at
night. It's just a few seconds until the time you get dark-adapted; I thought
you became dark adapted very rapidly, and I didn't see or note any real attenuation.
I am sure there was some as there was definitely smudge layers there. But
it didn't seem to be.... The bright stars sure seemed bright.
B11l Armstrong: Did you actually see the light against the ground?
Cooper: Yes. I made this comment here that I even saw it against the
thunderstorm.
John Boyaton: Gordo, you talked about the flash rate. The flash rate in
'your debriefing might have been slightly below & flash per second.
Cooper: I did it on the tape. I counted off here on the tape so you could
get it off the tape. I counted 1,2,3,4,5,6,7. It seemed to me that it was
slightly slower than one flash per second.

===== PAGE 77 =====
{"alpha_words": 156, "chars": 907, "method": "ocr", "page": 77, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
Question: What did it check out?
-14-
Carmines: 62 (flashes per minute).
B1l1: Did you make attempts to see it on the day side?
Cooper: I sure did. I never saw it then.
Armstrong: It should have been closer on the day side than in the night
portion. It came in closer and started out away some time during the first
day pass. Before you picked it up it had started out again. It should
have been in to about two miles sometime during the first day side.
Cooper: At first I was on 180 degrees
‚yaw, and allowed it to drift off. I
aldn't find it, but before I got to the next night side, I brought yaw back
to 180 degrees. There was a possibility I missed it there.
McKee: Did the flash seem very consistant? Did the brightness vary?
Cooper: Yes, it seemed to be very consistant.
Carmines: Did you see it tumble?
Cooper: I couldn't tell any tumbling.
Carmines: I'm sure it was tumbling.

===== PAGE 78 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 1093, "method": "ocr", "page": 78, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-15-
Bill: The spread of light isn't too great.
Cooper: It is pretty hard to judge the 1ight level.
Mercer: Did you see the stars during this day?
Cooper: Not this particular orbit. No I didn't.
(Second Experiment - Balloon Drag)
Day: Mr. Carmines will you give us a quick run-down on the balloon experiment
failure?
Carmines: I talked with Instrumentation people and everyone agreed that
we really don't know what happened. We had one relay actuate. Ihere are
several possibilities. To me the most likely place of trouble is the final
plug. The pins are on the pigtail and in putting this together you can bend
these pins and get & misaligament. We checked the plug and in this case the
pin is near the case and if it bent it could ground.
Bill: The squibs were in parallel and a number of tests showed either one
of the squib would fire the latch. The most probable cause is in the circuitry.
(Discussionoon Ground Light Observation)
Bill Armstrong: How hard was it to pick up the light when you first started.
Did you have trouble picking up this ground light at all?

===== PAGE 79 =====
{"alpha_words": 197, "chars": 1115, "method": "ocr", "page": 79, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-16-*
Cooper: No. It was just a bit further to the left than I thought it would
be.
B111: More toward the center of the window?
Cooper: No. More slightly to the left of the window. I could have been
yawed off & little. I thought the pattern of the little town, it was by
was really more distinctive than the light. If I hadn't known the light was
there I wouldn't have selected it in preference to lots of other lights I saw
on the ground, ---if it hadn't been for the little horseshoe-shape town.
Bill Armstrong: What brightness did you see at this attitude?
Cooper: I would say it was about between third and fourth magnitude when
I first saw it.
Bill: As you continued to observe it did you notice it dimming?
Cooper: No. I could see it for several seconds. One falicy of the ground
lights is that you are moving on the ground pretty rapidly. You don't have
many seconds to observe any fixed points on the ground. It's moving right
on past you and gone fairly rapidly. Of course as it gets on out it gets dimmer
and dimmer.
Question: Have you any idea how long you were able to observe it?

===== PAGE 80 =====
{"alpha_words": 210, "chars": 1130, "method": "ocr", "page": 80, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-17-
Cooper: Maybe as long as a minute. I doubt if it was that long, probably
30 or 40 seconds. I lost it because it got too weak. It was a long ways
from being straight out on the horizon but as it got on up towarde that
direction it faded outi
Bill: In checking the plot, it looks like it varies from a little over
second magnitude when you forst saw it to about a sixth magnitude when the
light was turned off.
Mckee:
Cooper: I believe it was to -40. I was then at the angle we were supposed
to pitch to. I apparently had eased off in yaw. However it tracked pretty
well right up the window. So the yaw was fairly well on. But thes
light was off a little further to the left.
Bill: Did you ever 100k away from the light and then look back? Were you
able to do this and pick it up again?
Cooper: I took my eyes off of it and had them on the photometer and looked
through the hole in it and extincted it. Turned the dial the wrong way in
the dark, and I did extinct all right. I thought I'd get a good reading on
it. I gave that device up. It did extinct.
Bill: Did you ever notice any change in the light?

===== PAGE 81 =====
{"alpha_words": 135, "chars": 820, "method": "ocr", "page": 81, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
Cooper: Yes, it got dimmer.
-18-
Mercer: Could you see 1ights of cities through layers of clouds?
Cooper: I saw a lot of cities underneath the clouds. One of my best retrofire
yaw alignments was over Shanghai.
Mercer: Were light patterns more distinctive than individual bright lights?
Cooper: Yes. I was over the east coast of Australia. I saw three very
distinct city light patterns there around the Melbourne area.
Paul: When the iight dimmed out did you lose the light first, or the
cities?
Cooper: I lost both in much the same period of time.
Jones: Did the ground-light appear sharp as a point source or was it
diffused?
Cooper: It was more diffused. Not a sharp point. You could see it was a
single light but it was not like the stars.
Smith: You think & flashing light would be preferable?

===== PAGE 82 =====
{"alpha_words": 215, "chars": 1230, "method": "ocr", "page": 82, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-19-
Cooper: Definitely: The ideal would be a series of lights. A better
combination would be a series of flashing lights arranged in some pattern.
Maybe 11ke a running rabbit strobe pattern. I am sure it wouldn't have to
be synchronized.
Bill: You mentioned how fast fast you were moving. Do you think you had
enough time to make use of some sighting device such as a sextant?.
Cooper: You aren't going to be able to take very long readings. You're
going to have
to be set up and ready to go, and you're going to have to have
some devices that are really usable. You figure that when you get from the
west coast of the United States to the east coast of the United States, the
ground is moving under you fairly rapidly in ten minutes. The ground is
moving too fast. You need to have some devices that are really usable and
you need to be set up and ready to go. I guess you have about 20 to 30
seconds for a reading.
Bill Armstrong: One of the phases of the Apollo mission requires a position
fix while still in a holding orbit. Before going into the translunar phase
sightings of earth fixed targets for navigation would be about the same as
you experienced in the ground light. Would this be practicable?

===== PAGE 83 =====
{"alpha_words": 222, "chars": 1208, "method": "ocr", "page": 83, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-20-
Cooper: You're going to have to be right on in attitudes. You're going
to have to know exactly what time it's going to occur. I'd guess you have
about 20 to 30 seconds to do your actual sighting and you have to have a good.
angle off to do it.
Bill: How about the brightness Gordo? How do you feel about this part and
leaving the flash part out of it? Was it bright enough light to be seen
easily?
Cooper: There were a lot brighter lights on the ground.
Bill: I'm sure of that but do you think this is sufficient?
Cooper: You can see it. If you look for it and know it is there and if
you're lucky. Knowing where to 1o0k for it and no clouds there, you can
spot it. (And away from other background lights.) I still think a pattern
would be better than going to a brighter light. I don't think the change
in the brightness of the light would be as effective as making some kind
of a pattern.
Jones: Did the ground lights twinkle?
Cooper: Yes. Just like the stars do looking at them from the ground, where
as the stars don't twinkle there.
McKee: I would like to ask. You seemed to have seen our lights as we
expected. You saw some objects on the ground better than we expected. Can

===== PAGE 84 =====
{"alpha_words": 311, "chars": 1877, "method": "ocr", "page": 84, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-21-
(McKee continued) you say why you saw such small items?
Cooper: I was coming from Houston the other day in a 102 and I noted I
couldn't see nearly as clear around 40,000 feet, particularly in one area
that I was in. There was a lot of haze and it was quite humid and I couldn't
distinguish things on the ground very well but yet when I got into the west
coast of Florida and got into an area that was somewhat clearer, at the same
altitude I could see many things. I think again, that it depends on how much
humidity you have and how much haze is in an area. I passed right over the
vicinity of Los Angeles and San Diego and never saw them at all. I wasn't
very surprised. I could see where they were but I couldn't see them. I
passed right over Miami and Miami Beach and I could see that there was a
town there. There was a lot of build up and civilization. I could see
the streets but the buildings were not very distinct. But yet over areas
of E1 Centro: and the Salton Sea and the dry lake areas I could see tremendously
greater detail, and individual roads. Over the Himalayas, up in Tibet, of
course there you're above a good portion a certain amount of the atmosphere
I suppose, I was really surprised what I could see. I found some real
details and little villages with maybe 20 or 30 houses I suppose, stood out
very distinctly. You could estimate the number of houses and if a house was
out individually away from anything else I guess against the right color
background, the yard, I could discern individual buildings. I saw a number
of them with smoke coming out of the chimney. There was snow on this upper
very sandy blowy, dusty Tibetan area. I could see a lot of lakes some partially/
frozen over and some frozen solid. The visibility was tremendous. I could
see vehicles that I assumed were trucks. I could see them kicking up dust.

===== PAGE 85 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1405, "method": "ocr", "page": 85, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
(MIT Horizon)
-22-
Dr. Peterson: The purpose of these pictures is that we are trying to
find definite information about the earth for Apollo guidance. This is one
of a group of four pictures taken in four different yaw directions, one into
the sun. Is this maneuver an expensive and troublesome thing to do?
Cooper: It takes control power; it takes control fuel, it takes time.
However, it is not real expensive as far as fuel. You have to stay power
up. We debated back and forth about the most accurate way of making sure we
get these 90°
points. We were a little concerned about accuracy and decided
to stay powered up and utilized the gyros to locate the 90° positions. But
It does take that period of time of power to drive the automatic system, and it
does take that fuel to move around.
Dr. Peterson: I noted you mention 25 hours 20 minutes. At that moment
there is a hole in the transcript. 25 hours and 26 minutes.
• Cooper: I got those at 25 hours and some odd minutes when the moon was set
in the west. It was right where we had planned to get it the first time.
We rescheduled them later in the flight if we didn't get them at the original
time. But I took them as planned initially. Did those come out all right?
Dr. Peterson: On two of those it was possible to locate the moon. This is
not all of them.
B111 Armstrong: Yes, these are all of them. (Looking at pictures)

===== PAGE 86 =====
{"alpha_words": 149, "chars": 903, "method": "ocr", "page": 86, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-23-
Dr. Peterson: There is a smudge in the middle of the window. It could
have been accidently concealed. Since these negatives are only suitable for
microdensitometry there doesn't need to be any discussion of the details of
their significance.
(Infrared Weather Photographic Experiment)
Mr. Day: I would like to move on to IR Weather photography.
Soules: Ihis experiment went very well and we got the information we
wanted. Thank you very much. Did you have any trouble with the camera or
filter holder?
Cooper: None at all. It worked very well.
Soules: And the lens opening of 5.6?
Cooper: It was exactly-on what was marked on the magazine.
Soules: There are six pictures at the end of the series and I can't identify
them. Do you have any idea where they could have been taken?
(There was a lot of table discussion of pictures here)
Cooper: This was after the Florida series.

===== PAGE 87 =====
{"alpha_words": 189, "chars": 1116, "method": "ocr", "page": 87, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-24-
Soules: You made the remark that you were coming over Africa. Do you have
any more information? There was none in the transcript.
Cooper: What base was this on?
B111: Wasn't one of them over the coastline?
Cooper: Yes, I did one right on the coast of Africa. I got one coming
right over the coastline. Another one I got almost over the other coast; down
toward Johannesburg; it was an inland picture, almost the northern area.
Soules: The last four are a mystery.
Bill Armstrong: It 100ks I1ke you had about a quarter inch motion on frame.
Cooper: I'm sure I didn't. I was holding the camera just like I was before.
Soules: We might check the camera.
Soules: What was the dominant color of the earth over Baja California?
Cooper: I found that the green showed up very little. The only really
distinct green that I saw which showed up much was in the high Tibetan area.
It was a bright emerald green, by some of those lakes. It looked like a
copper sulphate mining area. The browns of the Arabian Desert Sand showed
up quite distinct. The Sahara was not quite so brown although it did have

===== PAGE 88 =====
{"alpha_words": 181, "chars": 1082, "method": "ocr", "page": 88, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-25-
(Cooper continued)
a brown look. Everything predominantly had a bluish
cast. All the water, all the sea water, looked very very bright blue.
Even the Salton Sea looked very blue. And areas we know were heavy forest
areas looked kind of blue-green. The areas that are definitely brown you can
tell they are brown.
Soules: I have a question on the thunderstorms. Could you hear static?
Cooper: I could hear. it day or night and on both HF and UHF. It was almost
instantaneous. As I would-see the lightning and the clouds light up I
would get the static.
Soules: What is the frequency band on HF?
Cooper: HF is 15 megacycles. The static was louder in the HF than in the
UHF. You could just hear it, it wasn't high magnitude.
Soules: Was there a difference in loudness between day and night?
Cooper: I think night side was considerably louder. Of course I noted
thunderstorms were louder on night side. There were large masses of
thunderstorms
out to the east of Australia.
Soules: Did the flash come from below the capsule or could you look off
at an angle?

===== PAGE 89 =====
{"alpha_words": 156, "chars": 942, "method": "ocr", "page": 89, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-26-
Cooper: I could not see distinct lightning patterns. It just all lit up.
The whole cumulus mass of clouds would light up.
Soules: Did you notice thunderstorms between Hawaii and California.
Cooper: -Yes, several off the west coast of the United States. I don't
remember just how far. There were several cumulus buildups.
Soules: Did they 1o0k like the usual thunderstorms?
Cooper: Ihey went on down to a stratus deck on into coast on down about
Los Angeles. They stood further off the coast than up north.
Soules: Did you see any long white bands of clouds along the east coast in
the tropical areas?
Cooper: Yes. One was over the Arabian desert that was quite distinct. I
took a color photograph of that.
Soules: Was it a very sharp line of clouds with build-up in it?
Cooper:
Yes. Number 10 picture is over the Arabian desert area.
Soules: Over the oceans did you notewwide bands with perhaps clear area
over it?

===== PAGE 90 =====
{"alpha_words": 44, "chars": 299, "method": "ocr", "page": 90, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-27-
Cooper: No. I noticed several large cyclonics. I did not notice any very
distinct sharp bands. However I did notice tropical thunderstorms. Near
the Solomon Island Areas there were a lot of low streets and ridges of
smaller cumulus clouds. There were Little rows of them.

===== PAGE 91 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1516, "method": "ocr", "page": 91, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-28-
Soules: Was the horizon always a sharp line?
Cooper: Yes, day and night the horizon was sharp. In the day you have this bright
blue band around it.
Soules: Some photos show the horizon seemed fuzzy.
Cooper: In the Himalayas on & couple of occasions where the horizon was rough
due to the mountains, the horizon was still very distinct.
Soules: Did you see the moon at the time of occultation?
Cooper: Yes, several times. I was sorry I did not get pictures.
Soules: Did you see a halo around the moon?
Cooper: I saw no sign of a halo. It was quite sharp.
Soules: Did you ever see a slight flash? Did the moon's color change at all as it
went through the atmosphere?
• Cooper: No. I was looking for this too. I was disappointed in the moon scenes..
I didn't see anything distinctive at all.
Soules: I made a sketch of haze layer. Would you take a look at it and tell me
what you think?
Voas: Gordo, would you draw it on the board?
(Period demonstrating on blackboard of horizon, haze, etc.)
Cooper: This is the earth with a sharp horizon on the earth. The lower haze
level was always under me separated from the horizon. This was not a real distinct
line. It was a little more distinct and it appeared to be the same color as if it
were a cloud and as the stars would pass down through it you could track a fairly
high order of magnitude of star and you could track it down through haze and it
would appear real bright as it came down through it.
Soules: About what magnitude could you see?

===== PAGE 92 =====
{"alpha_words": 253, "chars": 1470, "method": "ocr", "page": 92, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-29-
Cooper: The stars in the Big Dipper could just be seen. I noted the Big Dipper
with the bottom star sinking down into it.
Soules: The top of the layer would be how many degrees above the horizon?
Cooper: I figured it was about six or seven degrees.
(Long period of sketching.)
Peterson: Would you estimate any appraisal in terms of stellar magnitude? You
explained that the fifth magnitudes could be seen, did the weaker stars go out
in that area?
(Still illustrating.)
Note: During this period when Cooper was talking and sketching on the board,
the recorded comments are meaningless.
Cooper: I can't recall a single time at night but what I saw the haze layer.
Dr. Voss: I described the earth as. being dark. Which is darker, the earth
or the little band of sky?
Cooper: When there was no moon the earth was darker. In general there was more
light from the sky. It is a difference in two different blacks. The sky is a
shinier black. The earth is a dull black.
Dr. Voas: The horizon is very well defined?
Cooper: It is actually a different black. There is a distinct line of horizon
and the earth is darker. This is in complete night.
Dr. Voas: When the moon comes up the earth becomes lighter as the moon shines on it?
Cooper: It shows up distinctly, especially when there are clouds.
Soules: Here is a picture that Wally took. Does that look like a haze band on the
horizon?
O'Keefe: When was that picture taken?
Soules: Is that too high?

===== PAGE 93 =====
{"alpha_words": 289, "chars": 1572, "method": "ocr", "page": 93, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-30-
Soules: You saw something over South America?
Gooper: Yes, there is this other higher level I saw over South America.
Stanley Soules: Did you see different cloud layers at night?
Cooper: Only if there was moonlight and if there were towns or cities below
them. On several occasions I could see reflected light particularly through
stratus type clouds.
Soules: You could distinguish clouds. Does the earth appear as blue to your eye
as it does in the photos?
Cooper: Yes. The overall color is pretty blue.
Soules: What is the color of the twilight zone?
Cooper: It is a baby blue. It is a pure, pure blue, very, very bright.
Soules: Did you see any meteor trails?
Cooper: No.
Soules: Did you see a lot of sun?
Cooper: I sure did. I want to tell you I dia!
Soules: Was there any evidence of a corona?
Cooper: No. In fact, the sun appeared to be like the moon does from the earth.
Very bright. You know down here there are all those rays around it. But up there
it is just a glob and it is very very whitish bright. It doesn't look the same
color. It is & very arc-like color, bluish white.
Question: What about the looks of the day sky?
Cooper: The day sky just is not as dark as the night sky. It is black and dark
but not as dark as the night sky. You can see the brighter stars on the day side
when you are away from the sun and neither it nor the earth shine are coming in the
window. Give yourself a few seconds to get dark adapted and you can see the brighter
stars. They have to be fairly bright to see them. On the order of 3rd magnitude.

===== PAGE 94 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 1841, "method": "ocr", "page": 94, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-31-
Pr. Voas: The day sides get a lot lighter, at night they are about the same
darkness as the inside of the spacecraft.
Cooper: The night sky and the day sky is about the same as the difference between
à jet black and a dark gray.. (It is about the same difference between the night
sky and the day sky.) It is a softer kind of dark during the day. Not nearly as
dark as the night sky.
Dr. Vors: Is it a smooth overall gray on the window? Do you see any chance at all
that the grayness you noted could be minute amounts of scattered light from fog on
the window?
Cooper: I don't believe so, Bob, because immediately when you got a faint amount
of oblique lignt on the window it immediately looked like it was iced over. All
you had to do was get just a faint amount on it and it appeared to be just like a
canopy frozen over.
O'Keefe: Was this scattered light in the window or not? I hoped you could see
some kind of a pattern.
Cooper: That's what I'm saying. When you have any kind of scattered light on the
window, when the window was in any kind of an attitude (demonstrated) say this is
the window and out here is the sun, any time the window was moved around where
there was any kind of light shining on the window - just a faint amount of it
would completely obliterate the vision througa the window. I just went completely
IFR. There was just no looking through the window. Of course, the earth gives off
an awful lot of light, and you can't see anything as long as the earth is shining
in the window. Any time the sun was back here and I was faced away from the earth,
regardless of attitude, the sky appeared to be a smooth gray.
O'Keefe: You could see the grit on the window?
Cooper: You could see the light actually impinging on the window. You could see
the scum all over the inside of the outside pane.

===== PAGE 95 =====
{"alpha_words": 230, "chars": 1417, "method": "ocr", "page": 95, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientilic Debriefing
-32-
O'Keefe: Somewhat of a pattern?
Booper: That's right. A pattern over the outside of the window as well as the
scum on the inside.
O'Keete: If this bad been scattered 1ight you would have had this pattern?
Cooper: That's right.
(Dim Light photographs.)
Day: Presentation of Dim Light Phenomena: Roach, O'Keefe, Hucle.
Roach: You had above this haze layer another layer. Would you sketch that?
(Illustration.)
Cooper: This one time I did have it. I am almost certain this was about 24 hours
and 30 minutes over South America. I was facing to the east and was on drift, I
think. I was looking to the east, northeast area. I was in full drift.
O'Keefe: Reference was on page 26.
Cooper: That was the luminous activity on page 37. "Right now I can make out
a lot of luminous activities in an easterly direction." This was at 05 11 34 and
on a 05 13 40. The Milky Way was quite distinct. This particular time (over South
America) I couldn't make out on this layer. I wouldn't say it was much like a layer.
It wasn't distinct and it didn't last long; but it was higher than I was. It wasn't
in the vicinity of the horizon and was not well defined.
Roach: More like a patch?
Cooper: Smoother. It was a good sized area.
Roach: You didn't feel this had a discrete shape?
Cooper: It was very indistinct in shape. It was a faint glow with a reddish brown
cast.
Roach: Because of your altitude or what?

===== PAGE 96 =====
{"alpha_words": 321, "chars": 1754, "method": "ocr", "page": 96, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-33-
Cooper: It wasn't so distinctive as to move back on to it. It was very faint
and definitely 11gater than the sky. It was picking up some light of some type.
It was light in contrast to the sky.
Dick Day: Could you see this better out of the corner of your eye?
Cooper: Yes. Sort of that type of thing. I'm almost certain that this was
over South America, just coming up on to the northeastern part of South America.
It was around 50 degrees West and about zero degrees of latitude.
Roach: This reminds me of what Mr. Schirra saw off Madagascar.
Cooper: He saw it off North Africa. It seemed to be quite extensive but not well
defined. It was rather diffused but not covering the whole earth.
Roach: Could you tell us what happens when you pass from day into night, around
twilight?. We are interested in horizon effect after sunset.
(Cooper draws some more pictures.)
Cooper: You never tire of looking at the sunsets. As the sun begins to get down
towards the horizon it is very well defined and not diffused as it is when looking
through the atmosphere, and it is quite difficult to look at. It is quite white
and as it gets on down to where the sun begins to impinge on the horizon line it
does give a spreading effect. The sky is getting quite dark here and you get the
impression of blackness up here. (Illustrating.) The layer is bright orange
color and light spreading out in this direction. • •
As the sun begins to go down it is replaced by this bright gold orange. It extends
out for some way. It defines the horizon line fairly well at this time. The sun
does begin to get this flattened effect.
Roach: What was it's maximum flattening?
Cooper: I never got too much. It appears to get down part way below the horizon

===== PAGE 97 =====
{"alpha_words": 308, "chars": 1754, "method": "ocr", "page": 97, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-34-
and spread. It doesn't take long. As it goes on down you still have this orange
fight on the horizon and this area is all considerably lighter although black is
goming on down. You do get glow up off it. You could actually swing away and tell
Fight where the sun had set & number of seconds after. It is not ray-like. It
is hard to describe. The sky area is lighter but there are not any rays.
Note: At this time there was a general discussion of the night sky immediately
after sunset. The transcript is too incomplete in this region to give a recorded
account of this discussion. It appears that after describing the sunset and the
airglow layer someone Ast. Cooper an additional glow extending vertical above the
position on the horizon where sunset occurred. Obviously reference was being
made to observation of the Zodiacal light.
Cooper: That's right. After this effect disappears (glow of sunset) and you
think you're on complete darkness, I would guess on the order a minute after
sunset, you get this other. I guess two different times I saw faint glow but not
very fer along. It was more on the order of 3 to 4 degrees farther on
and a fainter order.
Roach: Did you notice this was cone shaped?
Cooper: A little bit cone shaped.
Roach: Did you happen to sweep across it that way?
Cooper: It was a minute or so prior to sunrise and I moved back across and about
the time I got back the sun was there.
Roach: Did it seem to be confined in your window?
Cooper: Yes. The bright blue band grew wider as you moved away.
Roach: Was this just before sunrise?
Cooper: The sun is getting ready to come up and at this particular time I got
this glow prior to getting a blue band and in a few seconds the blue widens and
widens.

===== PAGE 98 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 1692, "method": "ocr", "page": 98, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-35-
Roach: Is this phenomenon very close to the sun?
Cooper: I had the feeling that this was just a glow off the sun. It was not
as brigat as the Milky Way.
Mercer: Was it tipped to the right or left of sunrise?
Cpoper: I was sitting tipped myself and don't remember which way it was. I have
the impression it was not vertical.
Dr. Voas: It appears the red and gold you described at sunset does not
, occur
at dawn.
Cooper: Sunset is more of & golden orange.
Dr. Voas: Did you notice any of the flattening as the sun rose?
Cooper: Not as much, but you do
get & little bit.
Roach: Going back to the time just preceding retro, were you constantly on stellar
observation before the dawn? Were you able to follow any stars?
Cooper: Yes. With the sun to my back, the first thing I got was the moon glow
and through the cloud below I got Shanghai. The first indication you get of the
sun going up behind you is the lightening of the clouds underneath and you note
the clouds getting lighter and lighter and you can still see the stars. As you
reach a certain point, your window gets enough light - your window appears completely
frosted over.
Roach: What star were you using?
Cooper: I was using Betelgeuse and tracking on up from that to Sirius and Procyon
and then I had a barren area. Then I believe Castor and Pollux and Corvus was
the last. I couldn't pick up Antares. By this time I was getting good light on
clouds. The stars don't give you much yaw determination. You can sit there for
a long time and if you hold rates very close to zero you can get a fairly good
indication, but it is a lengthy process when you are determining yaw by seeing the
movement of stars.

===== PAGE 99 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1628, "method": "ocr", "page": 99, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Seientific Debriefing
-36-
Roach: From that standpoint, is it better to retro in the daylight?
Cooper: You could probably do it at night, but it is preferable to do it in the day.
Note: The next few comments are not interpretable, but it appears someone raised
a question about the blue horizon band visible during daylight.
Copper: This is predominantly blue and if you have land masses or things that
you know are not blue - - - but this is about a two degrees thick band. It isn't
quite as thick as the band underneath - - - the last layer at night is thicker
than this blue band and it is a brilliant blue.
Roach: Then, is there some structure above the blue layer?
Cooper: I never could see pattern structure above that. It is really not black.
This is any time you have earth shine. This is not a real sharply defined - - -
There is a little blue gray going thru this area here. The overall band is real
bright pale bluw and just faintly diffuse on this side. (Explanation is made using
a sketch at the blackboard.)
Question: Is it diffuse on the upper side?
Cooper: It is not just a real sharp line or two different distinct colors. It does
diffuse very slightly.
Question: How wide is that band in angle?
Cooper: It is about two degrees.
Huch: I understand it gave a little problem in roll and yaw. You said just as the
sun was sinking.
Cooper: That's right. This is where I could tell where the sun had been. I moved
back to that and put the gyros to free and went into the automatic mode. (Again
using sketch.)
Huch: With reference to the sunset, do you estimate the time when the Zodiacal light
sequence was started?

===== PAGE 100 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1599, "method": "ocr", "page": 100, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-37-
¡Cooper: I would guess it was on the order of 20 to 30 seconds after sunset, that is
just a guess. And this is all the counting I was doing to give you the timing and
there was interference from the ground stations.
Fuch: Did you observe capsule stability - did you feel it was holding sufficiently
still for time exposures?
Cooper: Of course, we knew it would be moving. Did better than I thought it would.
Huch: For the most part they came out quite clear.
Bill Arnstrong: You get pitch up at the rate of 4° per minute.
Cooper: Actually, you had more than that.
Shepard: During the Zodiacal light sequence, you had over 5 degrees per minute.
Question: What are your attitude tolerances in ASCS?
Cooper: I would say within about 5 1/2 degrees.
This will be a very slow variance.
Question: How fast is this per minute? The period is 2 to 3 minutes per oscillation.
John Van Bockel: It is about •05 degrees per second.
Shepard: The limits could be as much as ll degrees.
John Van Bockel: It is pretty close to plus or minus 10 degrees.
Cooper: Did you get anything from the latter portion of the picture? The airglow
pictures?
Mercer: Yes.
Cooper: I worried that the angle of the camera was down too much.
Huch: Was there anything unusual that happened through the night?
Cooper: There was a lot of lightning.
Huch: Was there an accumulation of moisture on the window?
Cooper: No. To me it didn't seem to cut down too much.
Huch: You reported a lot of lightning.
Cooper: Right when I was taking dim light pictures there were several thunder-
storms and a lot of lightning.

===== PAGE 101 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1452, "method": "ocr", "page": 101, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-38-
Shepard: Did you get any readout on attitudes?
Mercer:
We got good attitudes.
Huch: On the pictures, can you relate the airglow band to what you drew on the board?
Did you take any exposures into the sunlit sky?
Cpoper: No, I didn't. I was going to try and snap one of this planet but couldn't
get the camera out in time. After I once got it out of the equipment locker, the
planet was gone.
Huch: Was the camera easy to use?
Cooper: Yes, after I once got it out of the locker it was easy to use.
Huch: Would it be possible to take & picture of the Milky Way?
Cooper: Yes. The last picture that I made was this haze layer when it was so
bright. It should be somewhere right near. It was near the vertical coming through
the window.
Huch: The range of light intensity was very extreme.
Cooper: The last exposure I made was of this glow and I think I used a 20 or
a 15 second exposure time.
Note: A general discussion was carried on at this point concerning the number
of exposures and general observations. It is not possible to decipher these
comments into usable form.
(Radiation Experiments.)
Warren: We have some preliminary results I will give to you later. Did you take
the chamber out of the ditty bag and fasten it on the hatch?
Cooper: I took it out of the storage container and fastened it to the hatch on
the first orbit.
Warren: Could you give me a time estimate?
Cooper: I would say within an hour after liftoff.

===== PAGE 102 =====
{"alpha_words": 289, "chars": 1631, "method": "ocr", "page": 102, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-39-
Warren: Did you take it off prior to retro?
Çooper: Yes. I took it off just prior to retro. I stowed it in the glove compartment.
Warren: Did you take a reading of it at any time?
Cooper: No, I didn't.
Warren: Did you place it vertically? Where did you place it?
Cooper: I placed it vertically.
Warren. We got from that and also from film badger you carried on under :
clothing - - - We got an estimate of 15-20 milliroentgens. I think you would get
more in an X-ray than you had here. It was about what expected.
Warren: Is there any particular reason that the 7th and 9th orbits were left out
or were you just too busy?
Cooper: I don't remember which orbit I missed. I believe one of them I was quite
busy trying to get this condensate water situation straightened out and debated
turning it on later, but decided I had better not.
Warren: It wouldn't have served much use later.
Cooper: That was the 5th orbit.
Warren: The 6th and 7th were the ones missed.
Cooper: The 6th one was where I was having the condensate difficulty. I don't
know why I missed the other one on the 9th orbit. We weren't schedule to run one
on the 9th!
Bill: He had one at 9 hours and 40 minutes on the 7th orbit; then he had another
one on the 8th, 11:15 to 11:25. And then you go into rest period after that.
Warren: We got that.
Bill: He went into rest period after that.
Warren: Late in the nigat, you turned the tape on continuous and it stayed on
the rest of the flight. Was there any particular reason you could not have left
the switch on?
Cooper: You mean the radiation? We hadn't planned to do this because of power

===== PAGE 103 =====
{"alpha_words": 80, "chars": 496, "method": "ocr", "page": 103, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-40-
conservation. It does take a certain amount of power.
McKann: That decision was made not to turn that on continuous because it had
never been checked out for continuous operation because of some difficulties that
might arise because of this.
Shepard: That seems to be a reasonable decision.
• Warren: That is all I had.
Cooper: Did you get anything at all?
Warren: Particularly on the 7th orbit we got some date, that gave us quite a
good bit of background. Thank you.

===== PAGE 104 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1512, "method": "ocr", "page": 104, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-41-
(General Observations)
Dr. O'Keefe: I understand the hissing noise was completely negative. Can you
be sure it was not then?
Cooper: I didn't ever hear it at all. I had good fitting ear caps.
Dr. O'Keefe: Were you listening for it at the time?
Cooper: Yes, except I had my visor closed and with the visor closed you can't
hear too much.
Dr. O'Keefe: At one point a rumor circulated in the public mess that you had
seen a meteor •
Cooper: This was a false rumor.
Dr. O'Keefe: At one point you said you saw frost on the window.
Cooper: This is the material that turned out to be oil.
Paul Lowman: Have you seen the terrain photos? Have you seen number 8, east
coast of Africa? Does it look this blue?
Cooper: Not quite. The film has fairly true 'reproduction but in several cases it
might be a little more blue in film, than it actually is.
Paul Lowman: How about the shots over Himalayas?
Cooper: They look fairly true to color.
Paul Lowman: Where you're going over the ocean, could you distinguish different
shades of blue?
Cooper:
Yes, over GBI, Eleuthera and Cuba and right down the whole island chain,
you could very definitely tell the shallower water areas. You could see reefs
and green water in some of the lagoons. Not real distinctive green as you might think,
and you could see sand at about its normal color. If you are looking straight down
on things the color is more true than if you're looking at an angle. If you're looking
at an angle, there 1s more of a bluish tint.

===== PAGE 105 =====
{"alpha_words": 289, "chars": 1701, "method": "ocr", "page": 105, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-42-
Paul Lowman: When you were over the deep ocean could you see any evidence of currents,
at the coast of Africa or the coast of South America. Did you see different colors?
Çooper: There was some slight difference in color. I couldn't determine a pattern
and couldn't determine what it was. I thought it might be wave patterns.
Paul Lowman: Were there different colors going over forest areas, over Africa?
Were there different shades of green?
Cooper: Not too many. They looked to be a blue-green instead of a pure green.
Greens didn't come through too well. They were somewhat diffused with this blue
color.
Paul Lowman: Over the Himalayas, shot number 12, was the green true?
Cooper: Yes, fairly true.
Shepard: I think we should get weather records and corrilate the color with the
moisture cntent.
Cooper: Did you get the list where I identified the pictures?
Paul Lowman: Comparing with these rocket photographs over in El Paso area, do
you recall looking there or to west over Arizona?
Cooper: I didn't. I noted I was over this area. It looked familar. I had the
feeling in looking out I was right over the Mexican Border. I don't recall just
what gave me this feeling.
Soules:
There is quite a bit of detail in IR photos.
Cooper: Just before that I noted the town of El Centro and the air base. I
noted one little dry lake area east of there. I kept trying to see Muroc Dry Lake
and Rosemond up north but never did see those, but sag several dry lakes. I saw
one very clear. It was not a large one. It was about due east of Salton Sea
area.
Paul Lowman: Could you see Biggs Air Force Base.
Cooper: I didn't notice Biggs at all, in fact, I couldn't see the main part of

===== PAGE 106 =====
{"alpha_words": 320, "chars": 1820, "method": "ocr", "page": 106, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-43-
the city of El Pase. I could see some little isolated civilized areas. I
pever did see the main part of city.
Paul Lowman: Did you see any distinct shadows from the terrain? Mountains?
Cooper: Yes. You could see shadows of the mountains quite clearly. Even more
clearly than the mountains in the twilight were the shadows from clouds on ground.
Paul Lowman: How did the camera operate while taking pictures? Do you recall
shaking the camera at any time?
Cooper: No: I don't recall shaking the camera at all.
Paul Lowman: They all look pretty good; I just wanted to make sure. Is there
any vibration in the capsule when you are taking pictures?
Cooper: No. Very little. It is pretty smooth.
Paul Lowman: Do you think if you had a chance to sit down with those photographs,
you could give us an idea of the inclination to the vertical or horizontal? You
said over the West you couldn't see Los Angeles or San Diego, do you remember
how far north you could see?
along the coast?
Cooper: I could see three or four hundred miles on up north. There was a lot
of cloud cover-a lot of stratus. You could see patterns where the ground caused
difference in cloud formation.
Paul Lowman: How about on the east coast? Could you identify anything there?
Cooper: I could see the Cape clearly on one pass and the St. Johns river and
could see where it came in the inlet at Jacksonville. Right to about Savannah,
Georgia and clouds became broken and I could see banks of clouds lined on up
to what I believe was the bulge of the Hatteras area and prehaps 150 miles on
further. But clouds were obscuring. I felt I could see quite clearly on up north
to Hatteras and perhaps on up to the Washington area. My sight of this was when
I made my turnaround. It looked just like a map. It was a great wide expanse of

===== PAGE 107 =====
{"alpha_words": 303, "chars": 1762, "method": "ocr", "page": 107, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-44-
ghe East coast. But there was a quite a bit of clouds up north, broken clouds.
Paul Lowman: were there any upusual terrain features?
•Cooper:
Dr. O'Keefe: Did you see anything that looked like a crater?
Cooper: No. I sure didn't. I was looking for it too.
Paul Lowman: You went over one in Ghana, but I don't know if it was good or
not.
Cooper: Over Africa there was unusual rocky terrain up in the Atlas mountains.
I didn't see any craters.
Dr. Voas: Do you--could you see clouds and shore lines at night with no moon?
Cooper: Fairly well. If there was no moon you could see them faintly.
Dr. Voas: Any other terrain features that you could see? At night with no moon?
Cooper: No. Not much. You could see the moonlight on the water.
Dr. O'Keele: You mentioned these small particles. Do I understand correctly
that they seemed to be pushed outward from the capsule?
Cooper: If you consider this west and this east and the spacecraft is going east,
regardless of spacecraft attitude, if any time I fired one of the thrusters at
night, I could see glow from almost every one of the thrusters. The pitch-down
thruster I could see and the yaw I could see shortly after they got out of the
nozzle. You get tremendous streams of luminous particles of fireflies, and
regardless of what attitude you were in, ther appeared to come out from the
spacecraft. A great many could be seen for some period and they seemed to go
back along flight path.
Dr. Voas: Did they actually appear to flow around? Would you say now that they were
parallel. As they go back, they will appear optically to come together. But did
they actually curve around as if there was a flow field.
Cooper: I felt they were actually moving around. Their relative movement was

===== PAGE 108 =====
{"alpha_words": 306, "chars": 1716, "method": "ocr", "page": 108, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-45-
got real. fast. I could see them move right on out. In a matter of 4 or 5 seconds
they would be as far away as the other end of the room. (50 feet). Some you
could see for maybe as long as 30 or 40 seconds.
Qpestion: Do you mean back from you or back along the flight path?
Cooper: I mean back the actual flight path.
Dr. Voas: Were these paths actually curved? You're of course familiar with the
fact that as things go backward they appear to converge. Did they actually seem
to curve in?
Cooper: If I would be sitting facing this way, the ones out of the left yaw
thruster would move right out and move directly back along the flight path;
the ones out of the right one would go out in front of me and would turn back.
John Boynton: Did you note any difficulty in identifying lunar features?
Cooper: I couldn't distinguish anything on the moon. It seemed considerably
brighter. And seemed to have more light. I couldn't really distinguish anything.
Roach: Would it be practicle to have binoculars aboard?
Cooper: I think it would. The moon was much clearer than on the ground.
Huch: Could you see the earth shine on the moon?
Cooper: The moon was fuller when it was setting than at other times during the
night. I never realized that before just now. But it seemed to be almost full
when it was setting. But on the night side there was only a third of the moon.
How about that now. The moon was almost fully round when it was setting. I think
the pictures will show it.
Roach: Ihat could be earth shine.
Cooper: That's right. It is a pale color, of course, in daylight.
Dr. Voas: Did it appear to you normal in brightness on the day side?
Cooper: Yes, it was just a lightish blue color.

===== PAGE 109 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1729, "method": "ocr", "page": 109, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-46-
Question: Could you determine wind direction and velocity by smoke?
Cooper: I could tell direction - over the Tibet area the wind was from the south.
Question: Did you see industrial smoke?
Çooper: I remember one fairly large area there was considerable haze and factory
țype snoke winding up, but don't remember where it was. It seemed to be like an
inversion.
Hanel: You did not see the motion of the clouds?
Cooper: No I could not determine the motion Of the clouds. Oh, you mean velocity
by the way the smoke was moving.
Hanel: I mean the clouds were moving.
hepard: Your first question was could he tellwind velocity and direction from
the smoke?
Cooper: I don't know whether I could judge velocity or not. I could tell the wind
was blowing fairly strongly, because the smoke appeared to come out of the smoke
stacks flatly, it didn't drift up. But looking at the clouds, I could not tell
which direction the wind was blowing.
Hanel: Did you have difficulty in seeing Cirrus clouds?
Hanel: Another question. We may have some trouble distinguishing snow from clouds
in polar regions. You had no difficulty in distinguishing snow from clouds?
Cooper: No. I thought the snow was very very distinct. It is just like flying
an airplane. Sometimes when the snow is very smooth and even, it is difficult
to tellclouds from snow. You can determine the cloud height if you have a good
perspective of the cloud height. You can tell whether the clouds are low or medium
clouds or very high clouds.
Hanel: You never took two pictures of the same area? That is, two overlapping
pictures?
Cooper: Yes, I think I did over the Himalayas. I have two pictures of almost
the same area of the Tibetan High Lake area.

===== PAGE 110 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1350, "method": "ocr", "page": 110, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-47-
p'Keefe: Yes, they do overlap. - They are pretty badly tilted, but they do
pverlay.
Hanel: Did you have difficulty in seeing Cirrus clouds? Could you estimate how
puch of the surface was covered with Cirrus?
Cooper: Surprising little of surface was covered with Cirrus clouds. I would
guess about half. There were some areas where clouds were fairly extensive.
Cirrus were biggest portion, about 75% of all clouds were Cirrus.
Question: Did you see any dust storms?
Cooper: At no time
did I note a dust storm. I looked for them over Africa. One
place I thought I might find them was over Arabia, but I saw no dust at all.
John Boynton: You mentioned that particles of dust or water were attracted to
the window. Was this rapid or gradual?
Cooper: Very gradual. Numberous little dust particles, a little water and little
crumbs. The larger objects didn't seem to be attracted. They just moved slowly
about. There was less motion after we powered down cabin fan. Various pieces of
dust or crumbs off of sandwiches I had eaten.
John Boyaton: Did you note they might have been attracted to other areas?
Cooper: I didn't note any particular pattern. I did note the sun was very very hot
through the window. The particular pattern of the sun woulå be hot on my suit. I
would feel heat through my glove when I touched the window.

===== PAGE 111 =====
{"alpha_words": 293, "chars": 1736, "method": "ocr", "page": 111, "variant": "plain-vision"}
•
Scientific Debriefing
-48-
Dic. Voas: You seemed to have the general impression that you were stationary
and everything else is moving.
Cooper: That's right. You sort of become the center of everything, and you think
how you can move the earth around, when you want it, rather than move yourself.
Di. Voas: Now, as you sat there with this moving picture in front of you, did you
have the general feeling you were sitting upright or flying on your back?
Cooper: I did very distinctly feel I was sitting upright. A couple of times
on account of the way you feel in the straps like hanging upside down. Every
time I dropped something, I grabbed at it below. I never had trouble handling
pencil. I never had any trouble putting it where I wanted or getting it. One
time I made a wild grab for the camera as I thought it was going to fall, but of
course it didn't.
Dr. Voas: On periods after you awakened, did you have feeling you had gone to
sleep sitting upright?
Cooper: Yes. Definitely.
Dr. Voas: You mentioned sometimes you had the feeling of being upside down. Was
this correlated with the spacecraft being inverted? Visually, I mean.
Cooper: No. I think this was purely a feeling of the straps. You're floating
in the straps rather than being firm; like inverted flight in an aircraft.
Voas: Did you have a general feeling of being stationary? This general feeling
of being stationary was not changed by any control action?
Cooper: I tried to give them some pretty good rates, but had no feel for rates at all.
Cooper: Vision-wise, you would see things changing ou then pretty fast, but it
wasn't bothersome at all.
Dr. Voas: When you say "pretty good rates," this is 2 to 3 degrees per second?
Cooper: Three, four or five degrees.

===== PAGE 112 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1279, "method": "ocr", "page": 112, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-49-
pr. Vous: At retro fire, did you note feelings of lateral motion?
Cooper: On the third one, it gave me pretty good little boot in yaw.
Dr. Voas: This is distinguished from what you could see looking out? As I
understand it, you felt the retro rockets but they didn't change your impréssion
that you were sitting stationary?
Cooper: All I did was feel them and I still had the feeling I was moving right along.
Dr. Voas: Did you feel you were moving backwards?
Cooper: I was moving backwards in retro attitude, then you get quite a motion as
I stated over the earth.
Question: Did you have any sensations of change in attitude between perigee and
apogee, perhaps as a result of the amount of curvature you could see in the earth's
surface?
Cooper: No, I couldn't see any noticeable change in that. What was more distinct
was whether you had haze or were in a clear area.
Lou Fisher: We identified one of your pictures taken vertical off Calcutta.
Cooper: Did you note the one before that over the Rangoon area, with the little
things out over the river; they look like warehouses or something?
Fisher: Did you see Calcutta?
Cooper: No.
Fisher: Did you see any airports?
Cooper:
Yes, I saw numerous airports. The runway patterns show up very distinctly.

===== PAGE 113 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1433, "method": "ocr", "page": 113, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Scientific Debriefing
-50-
Boynton: Did you find that later in the flight audio inputs became more startling
or more distinct? Did they seem to be more profound?
Cooper: Later in flight, I began to notice the relay panel wiping back and forth
whereas I hadn't noticed it before. The music sounded pretty good. If I'd had
a radio on board, I could have used it.
John Boynton: Did you find you might look forward to hearing communications, say
more so than in the first of the flight?
Cooper: No. Not that I noted.
John B.: Could you hear better?
Cooper: No.
Dr. Voas: Did you at any time hear an unusual noise?
Cooper: No.
Roach: Was there any change of radio static in electrical storms? In connection
with the problem of radio static, there is & phenomenon of static going to and
fro between the hemispheres, when it returns it comes back as a whistle. Did you
ever hear a whistle?
Cooper: No, I didn't.
Note: Some questions were then raised concerning the appearance of the horizon
at sunrise and sunset. Cooper stated that the horizon near the sun was a golden
color at sunset, spreading away from the sun. He stated: "The real dominant thing
1s that it is gold as it is setting and it is real blue as it starts to come up."
He stated again that he saw the Zodiacal light both night and morning. It was &
very low order magnitude light, about the same at sunrise and at sunset. He
estimated its elongation to be about 15 degrees.

===== PAGE 114 =====
{"alpha_words": 13, "chars": 103, "method": "ocr", "page": 114, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
SCIENTIFIC DEBRIEFING OF LT, CMDR,
WALTER SCHIRRA

HELD AT NASA HEADQUARTERS, TUESDAY

MARCH 12, 1963

===== PAGE 115 =====
{"alpha_words": 86, "chars": 594, "method": "ocr", "page": 115, "variant": "plain-vision"}
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
15 November 1963
In Reply Refer to:
SM (JRG: nem)
MEMORANDUM FOR:
FROM:
SUBJECT:
All Participants
J. R. Gill
Scientific Debriefing of Lt. Cmdr.
Walter Schirra, held at NASA
Headquarters, March 12, 1963
This document is a literal transcription of the
subject de-briefing made from the tape recording.
It is issued to participants only for their
comments and/or recommended deletion.
Deadline
for receipt of this is December 20, 1963. After
that time
an edited version may be prepared for
wider distribution.
Garcelyn R. gell
Jocelyn R. Gil.
Enclosure
FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 116 =====
{"alpha_words": 193, "chars": 1286, "method": "ocr", "page": 116, "variant": "plain-vision"}
P 1 & 2
Dr. Eugene M. Shoemaker, Chairman, Manned Space Science
Working Group served as Chairman, substituting for Dr. John Clark,
Chief Scientist.
The following people were present:
MI. Carl Abraham, NASA Headquarters
Mr. Richard Daniels, NASA Headquarters
Dr. Winifred Cameron, Goddard Space Flight Center
Mr. Maurice Dubin, NASA Headquarters
Mr. Larry Dunkelman, Goddard Space Flight Center
Dr. Jocelyn R. Gill, NASA Headquarters
Dr. Dale Jenkins, NASA Headquarters
Dr. Urner Liddel, NASA Headquarters
Mr. Oran Nicks, NASA Headquarters
Dr. John Nordberg, Goddard Space Flight Center
Dr. John O'Keefe, Goddard Space Flight Center
Cmdr. Walter Schirra, Manned Spacecraft Center
Mr. George Tennyson, Goddard Space Flight Center
Dr. Eugene M. Shoemaker, NASA Headquarters
Dr. Shoemaker • I have a series of written questions to start
things off. These have been submitted by some of the people here
today and we may then ask for some supplementary questions from
the rest of the people this morning. We might start off with
the question on airglow. Will you give us an account of
Mercury's passage through the airglow layers? How did you identify
the planet Mercury? Did it seem to have color? Were there any
stars nearby?
Cmdr. Schirra - I think Larry Dunkelman and I discussed this at

===== PAGE 117 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1529, "method": "ocr", "page": 117, "variant": "plain-vision"}
3
great length and I don't know whether we could be any more
expansive on that subject than we have already. The only
thing that I can think of that we didn't talk about is an
effective color of the planet Mercury. It was as white to
me as any other star. It was not blue, red or some other color.
It was definitely "star-appearing" to me. It would have a
definite atmosphere where it would change colors and where it
didn't have any atmosphere, it didn't change colors. I would
say that from that it had no different appearance than if I cauld
see it from the earth as a star. Mercury itself was plotted on my
star chart, which is a very valuable tool for these flights. There
is just no doubt where Mercury has to be and we checked on it and,
of course, it was Mercury. I think Larry called me one day and we
all were surprised that I saw Mercury longer than I should have seen
it and I guess this was explained by its being seen through the
refraction of the atmosphere. Is this correct?
Dr. O'Keefe - Yes, that's the answer. Mrs. Cameron is the one who
made the contribution. This is her theory.
Schirra - This was a tremendous yardstick as far as I was concerned.
It was so obvious to me that I just had to take the time to describe
its passage through the various layers of light and the way I
described it in the handouts "Results of Third U. S. Manned
Orbital Space Flight; October 3, 1962" that you have is about
as accurate as I can describe it now.
Dr. Gill - Could you make a little drawing on the blackboard for us?

===== PAGE 118 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1446, "method": "ocr", "page": 118, "variant": "plain-vision"}
4
Schirra • Again, Larry, do you have that? (Referring to drawing
prepared by W. Cameron and L. Dunkelman)
Mr. Dunkelman - We have.
Schirra - We sat down for about an hour and traced this very
carefully.
Mr. Dunkelman - It happens that the movement of Mercury behind
our atmosphere is really not phenomenally related to airglow as
such. Mercury is simply a pointer - an index finger. It gave us
a chance to see what parts of the upper atmosphere you were looking
at and this has more to do with ozone and atmospheric constituents
than it has to do with airglow. We think the answer here lies in
the fact that the ozone is absorbing the orange, yellow, and green
light and leaves this interesting blue which is an ozone blue
rather than a Rayleigh blue and we think the reason why Astronaut
Schirra saw the several shades of blue is he may have been looking
edge-on at the ozone layer. So it is really not so much related to
airglow as it is to the way of looking at what produces the color.
I think we are interested in finding out what causes the phenomenon,
rather than to attempting to learn anything new about the atmos-
phere.
Schirra - I think one of the reasons that I was so enthused about
tracking Mercury through these colors is that I am a fan of blue
colors.
I grew up with a Maxfield Parish painting; if anybody
knows his colors of blues - they are fantastic. Gold blues,
electric blues. As a result, these caught my attention. I am

===== PAGE 119 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1541, "method": "ocr", "page": 119, "variant": "plain-vision"}
5
not that much of an artist or poet, but I was trapped with this
set of blues and I did expand on it at greath length, I thought.
These electric blues -
O'Keefe - (Interrupting) Subtraction is what it sounds like.
Schirra • So it connotes ozone in that sense - electric blue -
is exactly what it looked like, A very, very satisfying color.
Dr. Roman - Coming back to the color of Mercury, do I gather from
your comment that you feel it was distinctly yellow, yellowish
for example, or was it that you didn't pay a great deal of
attention to?
Schirra - No, Nancy, I would say it is very much like any other
star that I would see, rather than having a color. I didn't
detect a color.
Dr. Roman - Astronomers think of stars as having color.
Schirra - I have seen different-colored stars from earth-bound
environment and anticipated or, in fact, I was looking for different
colored stars or planets and did not detect any colors.
Roman - This means that your background was just a little too
bright to see colors.
Schirra - That, and the window itself just isn't an optimum plate -
series of plates - to look through. I insisted that what I really
felt had happened is that I was seeing no more than about 5th or 6th
magnitude stars that the clouding of the windows, as a result of
the escaped rocket, reduced my visibility of the stars about one
magnitude. In other words there wasn't gross clouding of the win-
dow. That is what I was trying to make clear by using magnitude of
stars as the yardstick in this case. I'll stick with that. This

===== PAGE 120 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1531, "method": "ocr", "page": 120, "variant": "plain-vision"}
6
is about the best way I can describe it. I could see more stars,
as Scott Carpenter described it, when back on the surface of the
earth and many, many more stars in an airplane cockpit than in
orbital flight.
Roman - You could see more in an airplane?
Schirra - Yes. So in the debriefing of the flight I stated that
this is not a problem for pursuit of Mercury flights. It is a
problem for pursuit of space observation and with the Gemini
vehicle, we have solved this by having the windows properly
covered and also we hope so - well, Gemini doesn't have an escape
rocket for one, which helps us. Now on Apollo, we are plus or
minus on whether we can afford the weight of having window
covers, but if we do, it does have an escape rocket. If we have
covers, then these windows should be protected.
And better, be-
cause we will need the stars on this particular mission. But to go
back and try to cover the Mercury window at this late date would
be prohibitive hardware-wise and schedule-wise.
O'Keefe - What would you cover it with?
Schirra - First of all - for Gemini, we have no problem. There is
no tower rocket. With Apollo they had window shutters the last
time I saw the mock-up which is not at all static. It is quite
dynamic even though it hasn't flown. How this will be done I
don't know, but I think this is a requirement. I don't even think
it; I know it is a requirement for Apollo.
O'Keefe - You don't think there is a possibility of putting a thin -
say, some transparent grease over the window - which would come

===== PAGE 121 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1407, "method": "ocr", "page": 121, "variant": "plain-vision"}
7
off in the vacuum?
Schirra - This might be a way of doing it. Having it sublime
away or something of this order.
O'Keefe - That could be done, If that were done ...
Schirra • I definitely feel that this should not be a neglected
problem; if we, for example, do remove the window cover from the
Apollo command module. It definitely should have some type of
protection when the star rocket goes. This is going to be a
by-product of its own combustion, it won't leave marks on the
window. I saw marks on mine as well as a clouded effect and I
feel so strongly about this •- When I had the sun at oblique
angles shallow to the window I could see this film much as you
describe it. Smokers in the group will appreciate this. On the
inside of an automobile window, you can see the smoke condensa-
tion on there which you very rarely get washed off until you wash
the car yourself. You see this when you have light at very
oblique angles across this window. This is about the same type of
intensity • it is not enough to restrict your vision although it
does affect it at night. This is exactly why I make the point.
I think that is about the easiest analogy I can make for you.
Dr. Nordberg • You say this was on the Mercury window after the
exhaust.
Schirra - Yes sir, this is the result of this exhaust gas bathing
this window as the rocket lit and left almost instantaneously, but
the gas does
form over it.

===== PAGE 122 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1457, "method": "ocr", "page": 122, "variant": "plain-vision"}
8
Nordberg - Could you, were you able to observe, during the orbital
flight any decrease in the film on the window. It may have evaporated
away, or did it just stay?
Schirra • I was hoping to see that and I did not observe a decrease.
This surprised me too. I would anticipate that that gas would sub-
lime away. I suspect that the vehicle itself -
we are getting
into the fireflies again - but the vehicle itself is surrounded by
an environment. We have the same problem when we try to run a
capsule or spacecraft in an altitude chamber. It is outgassing
the water cooler systems and other components even in a man-
created vacuum and as a result we can't maintain this vacuum
because it is creating an environment all the time. I think this
is what we have done in the Mercury spacecraft with the by-
product hydrogen peroxide gas and the water coolers and this is
where I feel our firefly, frost particles come from. Did you
notice by the way- getting into that, - that the particles were
observed almost immediately after I was in orbit? - I said, "I
see frost flakes."
Mr. Dubin You were in sunlight at that time too....
Schirra - That's correct. This is my only definition of the
difference in the way the sunlight itself gets to where I was.
Meaning that at sunrise it goes through a lot of atmosphere,
and as I get into sun above my horizon, I have no atmosphere;
so then its white again.
Nordberg - This deposit is of great interest to us. That is

===== PAGE 123 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1451, "method": "ocr", "page": 123, "variant": "plain-vision"}
9
why I asked the question because we observed this on Tiros too.
One of the two cameras was just completely clouded for a few
hundred orbits and then gradually after a few hundred orbits it
improved a little bit.
Schirra - I need a little more flight time! I'm all for it.
Nordberg - We eliminated this by putting a sheet over it in
third stage and since then we have never had any trouble.
Schirra - Sure, that's it. I am sure this is something we
can't let rest. We've got to cover these windows to protect
them from clouding during the transition to where we are now
to space itself.
Dubin - Do you ever detect any gas around the vehicle? In sun-
light due to shadowing of the vehicle.
Schirra - No, I looked for that. The only vestige of something
around me were these particles as we have described them.
O'Keefe - Well, it is very helpful to know that they were seen
throughout the day.
Schirra - Yes, I think really what it depended on was how much
sunlight I had coming through the window. If it was really
bright within the vehicle, I didn't see them as well. If I got
an off-angle where the sun was fairly shallow in relation to my
window, I could then see these particles; of course, up until my
local noon, I did not see them anyway.
O'Keefe - About this problem of condensation and the local environ-
ment you are speaking of, I think that someone investigated that at
the Manned Spacecraft Center, It is quite true that with an outflow

===== PAGE 124 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1524, "method": "ocr", "page": 124, "variant": "plain-vision"}
10
of gas like that the ambient pressure - the general ambient
pressure - is quite different from the pressure right around
your vehicle. I still wonder whether you can get the pressure
up around the vehicle for the level where condensation takes
place. I have been trying to persuade some people that the
condensation takes place before it leaves these ports of course
as it spreads out in space. The pressure is certainly much higher
around the bottom of the heat shield, but I do not know whether
that is right or not.
Shoemaker • Do we have any more questions on the airglow?
They are very useful.
Dr. Liddel - We have two problems here. One is the pressure and the
other is the rate of evaporation.
O'Keefe - That's true. Once formed, they may not sublime out.
Question is how were they formed.
Schirra - I think there is one thing that we might bring into this
before we leave it unless there is a separate question on it.
The green-yellow, almost a chartreuse, coloring of these particles,
I feel, did not permit you to see the edges of the particles as
well as they appeared when they were in the white band in the
sense of looking like frost particles. So they looked more like
blobs and this is typical of fireflies themselves. You can't define
the size of the blob you see as green-yellow, but if you see a snow-
flake, which is white, you can very easily see its edges in a sense.
Not that you focus on them but you can visualize that they have
edges. This is a point that I don't think I have made in the past,

===== PAGE 125 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1587, "method": "ocr", "page": 125, "variant": "plain-vision"}
11
but I think this is basically why we refer to the white particles
as frost because it does remind us of this. This is what probably
tempts me to say that it has to be water.
Cameron - Do you think the chartreuse ones were maybe the ones that
Glenn thought
actually glowed, didn't he? They were lighted
wrong •
Schirra - I think - well this gets back to my opinion and I
saw myself on film yesterday at the press conference talking
about it and said that I guess we need some more opinions but we
have three opinions now and basically I put two together and made
my own, but the green I feel is strictly the case of the sunlight
going through this tremendous amount of atmosphere at sunrise.
What is left as a light spectrum is this green-yellow on these
particles. You can all explain this better than I can, I am sure,
but what gets through all this atmosphere would probably be this
green-yellow. I think that in a sense they are not self-illumi-
nated but they reflect as if they were self-illuminated.
O'Keefe - Well, if you pass sunlight through a thick layer of
atmosphere then, of course, what you will get will be a red - a
deep
red - however, that doesn't necessarily prove that you are
wrong in what you are saying because the things would be illuminated
in two ways. They would be illuminated not only by the direct
sunlight, but also by the scattered light around the horizon
which you have photographed at sunrise and the combination of these
two colors might give you a chartreuse as you have said because it
is a double illumination. However, there is another possible

===== PAGE 126 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1464, "method": "ocr", "page": 126, "variant": "plain-vision"}
12
explanation. If it is really true that this chartreuse color
only turns up only at sunrise, we may be with the explanation
that Herzfeld put forward for it.
Schirra - This is the nitrogen effect?
° 'Keefe - Yes.
Schirra - I would like to stamp that one out. We can't afford to
have nitrogen outgas in the vehicle. (Laughter) The only nitrogen
which we have stored aboard is that which pressurizes the hydrogen
peroxide system. If we lose any of that, this is almost fatal.
O'Keefe - Well, there is plenty of nitrogen in the atmosphere at
that level. Still -
Schirra - You mean in the external atmosphere?
O'Keefe - Yes. Ambient atmosphere.
Schirra - Fair enough. Well then, that paper - I was left with
the impression that the nitrogen came from the vehicle itself.
O'Keefe - I am sure that it didn't cross Herzfeld's mind.
Dubin - There's also nitrogen . . .
Schirra - Well, it read that way to me. I should say that I am
very conscious of what nitrogen does for me within the vehicle!
(Laughter) This is basically my control field.
Dubin - I was going to say there is also nitrogen absorbed in metals..
Schirra - The gaseous content of the vehicle is very carefully
measured prior to sealing up the vehicle for lift off. It is
purged and we go up to about 97 or 98 percent oxygen. Obviously,
there is not much left in the cabin, you can't get it all out because
I/ Abstract published in Vol. I36, #3522, p. 1121, July 29, 1962 of
Science by Charles Herzfeld.

===== PAGE 127 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1357, "method": "ocr", "page": 127, "variant": "plain-vision"}
13
you just can't purge particles in the interior in that these are
angles and trap volumes, but I would suspect that we had a very
low order of nitrogen gas within the vehicle that could come out.
Now it can come out if the vehicle's leak rate - in the vehicle is
excessive - and in this one it was somewhat less than 600 cc.
I think it was about 500 -
Dunkelman - 588.
Roman - I think your suggestion, Larry, was that it would be on
the outside of the vehicle.
Schirra - That I hadn't had a feeling for and I suspect this is
the only way you could get it in contrast to getting it from
within. So I won't argue this point. I am well aware of the
fact that it could be adsorbed and then passed off in this
environment.
Roman - John, (to Dr. O'Keefe) is it obvious that sunlight coming
through in the upper atmosphere would be red if you are above
the dust layer?
O'Keefe - Well, when you look at the sun in the photographs
which were taken, it looks red.
Roman - I see.
Schirra - The sunset is red. Same old sun that we see here.
O'Keefe - Yes, but what you'd see on either side of it - flanking
it - is Maxfield Parish cloud, at least in the color photographs.
I think this is what Maxfield Parish went in for particularly.
He went in for very powerful colors - subtraction colors. Turquoise -
rather than the pastels, rather than colors of the spectrum.

===== PAGE 128 =====
{"alpha_words": 209, "chars": 1244, "method": "ocr", "page": 128, "variant": "plain-vision"}
14
Shoemaker - Any other items on airglow we should take up?
Schirra - We will bring up this other thing I saw - I guess?
Shoemaker - The cloud (bright area) you saw over Madagascar?
Schirra - Yes.
Dubin - I was wondering on these various effects on the horizon.
You make some statements about the blue horizon--the different
colors.
Schirra - What time is this?
Dubin - This is at 06 44 GMT (See blue book, P. 104). (Now
Report of Third U. S. Manned Orbital Flight.)
Schirra - This was the beginning to what Mrs. Cameron has a sketch
of, I believe. ...
Cameron - Actually you give two descriptions here, I believe
they conflict, I assume that one is an expansion of a part of
the other.
Schirra - It is, and as you can see, it's a time span here where
it obviously is changing as the sun is setting as well. Not
much in time, but my time was pretty fast in relation to sun-
sets, I guess.
Dubin - Question is what the heck did you really see?
Schirra - Maybe if I just read it back myself, I can expand
on it. I'll read it out loud. How's that? I guess we can
pick up right at 0604 33 and I say there is a nice interesting
horizon, which meant that I was captured by it. The sun
was
off to the left and I would say about 40 degrees. This just

===== PAGE 129 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1393, "method": "ocr", "page": 129, "variant": "plain-vision"}
15
meant that it was off to the left of my yaw angle - I was in
flight path in yaw at this instant of time - which means you
could determine where the vehicle was oriented and then also
get the sun-line in relation to the window.
Cameron - Incidentally, the sun must have been very close to
setting at that time, wasn't it?
Schirra - It was setting, in fact. This is where I went on.
There is a dark line at the surface of the earth, orange at
the clouds. Now there was a cloud horizon, as well, that I
could see. Then a light yellow, a light white, and then a
blue band. This was coming from the surface of the earth
going up. A very light blue and then I got all excited and
said that I had the planet Mercury in sight at this point.
Mercury obviously was in the black. It had not come down
into the Mercury set. If you want to describe it in the sense
of sunset, Mercury set. I think it deserves the term of having
the opportunity to set as well. I was coming up from the surface
of the earth towards the darkness of space and then I detected
Mercury where it belonged, trailing the sun.
Dubin - Well! The sun was off to your left about 40 degrees.
Schirra - As well as Mercury.
Dubin - In the same direction?
Schirra - It was trailing almost aböve the sun in this sense.
Which is where I had it plotted on the star chart. Then I
wanted to describe the blue band and I said that there is a

===== PAGE 130 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1543, "method": "ocr", "page": 130, "variant": "plain-vision"}
16
relatively dark blue band right at the surface of the earth.
Of course, the orange and light yellow was changing at this
point and I then came into seeing this dark blue band. In
other words, I had lost the orange cloud effect just above the
surface of the clouds. This was the same kind of red-orange
we typically see through the atmosphere on the surface of the
earth which is, of course, the atmosphere. I realize this cuts
out most everything but reds and yellow-orange. But the light
yellow wasn't at all unusual either; I had seen this in many
sunsets. The sun had set. I wanted to describe this blue band.
I realized I had gone through some 34 seconds. When I say
describing the blue band, it is some 30 seconds later. Took me,
say, 4 seconds to say that. Relatively dark blue band right at
the surface of the earth and a light blue band meaning a next
band above it; another dark blue band, a large white band which
is the airglow. This is the way I felt it should be. I have
not made a careful study prior to the time of the various layers
on the earth or above the earth. Then a deep black one and it
sort of goes from a grayish blue to a dense black, almost looks
like the underneath surface of a summer cumulo-nimbus effect,
where you have a nice bright earth and then you go into this
black cloud and then there is this roll cloud that precedes a
thunder storm and it's a very, very choppy underneath surface.
It looks very turbulent, to you. This surprised me. I
expected to see another sharp line and I did not. This is what

===== PAGE 131 =====
{"alpha_words": 237, "chars": 1394, "method": "ocr", "page": 131, "variant": "plain-vision"}
17
I was referring to here as the transition from the last blue
band I could see to the total darkness of space. I guess this
is the only way I can describe that. This was a surprise to me
to see this, really.
O'Keefe • Well, it is astonishing, isn't it?
Schirra - Yes, it is.
I expected to see a nice, sharply delin-
eated arc, and this was not the case by any means.
O'Keefe • Whatever it was, it was turbulence?
Schirra - Yes, this is the way I would describe it. It has
to be or the light in a sense made it look turbulent. I
think you have all seen the base of a thunderstorm as it comes
towards you and the light starts diminishing rapidly as you get
a thunderstorm. Just because it is so thick and almost opaque
in contrast to sunlight that can get through. Then we see this
vortex effect underneath it and this is very much the way I
would describe it myself. This was the transition from visible
to no light. No sharp line. I think you probably have it
fairly well sketched right there.
Dubin - Have you seen the sketches? (Mrs. Cameron's sketches
of colored bands around the horizon.)
Schirra - No, I haven't.
O'Keefe - Why don't you take them around there, Mrs. Cameron •..
so we can get additions and corrections (to the drawings).
(Schirra and Cameron looking at the drawings)
Cameron - This is your first description (drawing shown to
Schirra)
This is the second description. •••

===== PAGE 132 =====
{"alpha_words": 211, "chars": 1218, "method": "ocr", "page": 132, "variant": "plain-vision"}
18
Schirra • Yes. Now as we progressed in time to the second
drawing, the sun has now really set and the reds and yellows
(in the drawing) are fine •.. now just getting the afterlight
• that's the ragged effect I saw. •••
Schirra - This isn't as thick as that grey to black band
as I saw it. We are stuck with a small circle (radius of
curvature used in the drawing) and I had a big circle.
Dubin • Okay, could you re-draw it on the board the way you
saw it?
Schirra • All it is is a straight line with a slight curvature
to it. I had a broad angle of view, but the whole thing is
flattened out. I don't see that much curvature at all.
O'Keefe - (to Mrs. Cameron) Put in that remark about this
band is too narrow?
Schirra - This is too wide. (indicating drawing) It would be
the grey to black (band).
Shoemaker - It faded out more rapidly in proportion to the
white band?
Schirra - It was definitely not something you would like to
make with a compass.
Cameron • Narrower and wider ••. I tried to indicate that, but
as to scale, I didn't ... I was just trying ...
O'Keefe - We made a first try at it •••
Schirra - (Reading in the Blue Book) "I will bring up the
fingertip light." This will clue you. This will make it

===== PAGE 133 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1481, "method": "ocr", "page": 133, "variant": "plain-vision"}
19
clear to you that the internal lighting was off inside the
vehicle. I don't know why I didn't bring that point out.
This reminds me that it was dark and it was 0605 52. I had
to see what time it was. We had this counter clock as you
know, and to see the numerals I had to bring my fingertip
lights up to see them. It was quite dark within the vehicle
and this is quite an advantage to this observation. Then I
say that Mercury is on the horizon and this meant that it was
just coming down through what I described going up, if you can
follow my directions here. This is where Mercury was as the
pointer or index as it passed through these layers. Now again,
we proceeded through time so that light patterns will change
and that's why these descriptions do conflict as we progress
on in time. I think this might explain why. As I come back
through with Mercury now setting these same light bands are
not the
identical ones that I described previously and I used
the word "airglow" and even the way it came out in the tape
I said see the Mercury going through the - and I was searching
for a term and so I just said "airglow" just so I wouldn't
have to get into a big discussion about what I was going to
report on. Actually, I could have said through the •- I was
searching for a term -- but this "airglow" I was using simply
as a term to describe what I was looking at. I could have said
through the lighted horizon.
O'Keefe - Twilight layer is probably a better way to say it.

===== PAGE 134 =====
{"alpha_words": 207, "chars": 1211, "method": "ocr", "page": 134, "variant": "plain-vision"}
20
Schirra • Very good, a better way of saying it.
O'Keefe - "Airglow" is a very complicated term. We don't know
what it is all about. That's what we are after. ...
Schirra - In fact, on occasion I have used airglow through
here just out of ignorance. I think what we all are trying
to do right here is to try and clear up some of this ignorance;
so we need more data, of course. Then, I say (reading from the
Blue Book again) "We'll see if she holds up, " meaning, can I
track Mercury through all this? That was interesting in
itself, that I could, I thought.
O'Keefe - This was quite important. This was one of the
questions raised by Glenn on his flight whether some layers
are opaque or not.
Schirra - I could track Mercury through all of these points
or layers.
Nicks - Does it change its apparent size like the sun when it
sets?
Schirra - I don't recall having observed this.
Roman - Did you see any additional stars •.. the fact that it
has a finite disk (Mercury)?
Schirra - No, again the window cuts out the fun of that, I
think.
O'Keefe - No, you wouldn't see a disk. ...
Schirra - It would have been great to have had some magnifying
device at this point to make this observation. No, it just looked

===== PAGE 135 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1107, "method": "ocr", "page": 135, "variant": "plain-vision"}
21
like a star.
O'Keefe - I think when Nicks asked if the sun changed in
size, he really - the
sun doesn't change in size as it sets.
He meant change in brightness.
Schirra - Apparent size - not the size, but the illusion at
least. I've got to break off a second here. I don't recall
seeing many moon sets on earth. Have any of you ever seen a
good moon set?
Roman - Yes.
Schirra - You have to be on the West Coast to do it; but, of
course, I saw a moon set on this flight and that is why I
brought it up. To me, it was the first real good moon
set
I had seen, (Laughter)
O'Keefe - There is a good solid reason for that. That is
that a full moon will set at sunrise. Not many people are
up at that time.
Schirra - I hope you have had a chance to see the photographs
I took of this moon set.
Gill - No.
Schirra - There are two black and white sets of these. The
original prints were very good. I understand there is a lot
of halation around this. I definitely think you all should
get these out and examine them. Now the subsequent prints
were not very good. They were too fuzzy.
Gill - Who would have them?

===== PAGE 136 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1367, "method": "ocr", "page": 136, "variant": "plain-vision"}
22
Schirra - Paul Backer could trace them down at least.
He was the film-handler. He could chase them down.
O'Keefe - Minnaert has suggested that after moonset, that
there might be a lunar zodiacal light. (Minnaert, Light
and Color in the Open Air, p. 295.)
Schirra - Oh.
O'Keefe - It's a dim hope.
Schirra - Getting back to this light magnitude in relation
to stars is about 12 to 15 magnitude. I wouldn't even see
this. I suspect Gordon won't unless he just happens to look
out at the right time and has enough lighting. Now with
instrumentation we could detect it, but visibly with the
naked eye you can't detect because you can't see through the
window. You can't detect this low illumination level. I might
add that I saw something subsequent to the flight that really
flipped me. I was on route to the West Coast on a night flight
(commercial). I was sitting way in the back in the tourist
section in middle of a three-seater, and thought I was
anonymous, when the stewardess came roaring back and said
'Cmdr. Schirra, would you come up front;" and out of my
obscurity I was drawn to the cockpit and I said to myself that
we've either lost a pilot or co-pilot. (Laughter) So I went
roaring up front and the passengers were looking with a
degree of apprehension, at least. I went up to the cockpit
and looked out and we were heading West just after sunset and a

===== PAGE 137 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1360, "method": "ocr", "page": 137, "variant": "plain-vision"}
23
blue scout had been launched from Vandenberg (AFB). It had
the most fantastic lighting I have ever seen anywhere. It
had the exhaust trail and above the horizon it had this
fantastic glow - ionization glow (like a vapor cloud) I
would describe it as - which would best pin down - resemble-
the zodiacal light if you ever wanted to do it. It had a
band across the horizon about 60 to 70 degrees and it went
right up the ecliptic and picked up the moon and the planets.
It was just amazing.
Shoemaker - How far could you trace it?
Schirra - I could see it right up to the zenith as much as I
could see out the cockpit. We were all oohing and ahing.
I think you have seen this same glow from a booster flight at
night, particularly if you can pick up a sunset or sunrise
when you get above the earth's shadow and get into the lighted
area where the booster is. There is a tremendous expansion wave
that's behind the vehicle and this is basically what it looks
like.
Dubin - These pictures of Glenn's Atlas flight show the same
thing. ...
Schirra - I think it was mine you saw...
0'Keefe - What you saw from the cockpit - was it from the blue
streak or was it the zodiacal light?
Schirra - I think the two just drew it together and that it was
definitely stimulated by this blue streak as it went up almost
up the ecliptic in relation to the arc field of view.

===== PAGE 138 =====
{"alpha_words": 234, "chars": 1373, "method": "ocr", "page": 138, "variant": "plain-vision"}
24
O'Keefe - It is not a difficult thing to see the zodiacal light
under reasonably favorable conditions.
Schirra - No, I have seen it frequently, but not as brilliantly.
Gill - Have you seen it in Houston by any chance?
Schirra - I have seen it just flying at night. I haven't seen it
from Houston recently, no.
Gill - Well, this is the season to see it. You should see it...
about three-quarters of an hour after sunset.
Schirra - From an airplane, you can see it better than you can
from a Mercury spacecraft. You don't have this dimming of light
through your canopy as you do from the spacecraft. This is really
a spectacular sight. Of course, the pilots were so concerned
because they didn't know what it was. This was hundreds and
hundreds of miles away, and yet they felt they were in danger.
(Laughter) They wanted answers right away.
Gill - They got them, didn't they?
Schirra - Of course, you've heard that the whole West Coast was
enthralled by this sight. It was in the newspapers.
Roman - Speaking of the brightness of the zodiacal light,
Dr. Mulders, NSF, was in Chile at a high altitude last fall,
and he commented to me, that the zodiacal light was so bright
that he was able to see it from horizon to horizon without
difficulty.
Schirra - Amazing--horizon to horizon--I am not sure what we are
going to see at thousands of miles from earth. I suspect that

===== PAGE 139 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1349, "method": "ocr", "page": 139, "variant": "plain-vision"}
25
we are going to see a batch of clouds if it's lighted. (the
earth) That's really what I saw a lot of. I was just amazed.
Obviously, when I flew over Africa, it was loud and clear and
you would see this if you were looking at Africa from some
vantage point many, many miles away. I suspect that if you
looked at earth from a long distance away that there is so much
cloud cover that it might have an appearance much like Venus in
this sense.
Shoemaker - While we are on Africa, would you like to go on
and talk about the... (interruption)
Schirra - You can't match my blues. Maybe Parish could help ...
Nordberg - Does anyone have anything on the altitude, particular-
ly on that top that sort of turbulent thing?
Schirra - That's another one you should check into. Through
the trajectory tables, you should find my altitude. Now at
this point, I was just passed Indian Ocean ship as I recall.
O'Keefe - We've done all that. If you say when Mercury went
through that we will tell you what the height was. (To
Cameron) You have it?
Cameron - I have it. It's about 280 kilometers. Height of
the layers is about 66 kilometers. I only know the height
of his observation, not knowing the width of it.
O'Keefe - (to Schirra) But you made a mark when you went
through it. The first "time hack" was when you were going
through this turbulent area, right?

===== PAGE 140 =====
{"alpha_words": 225, "chars": 1336, "method": "ocr", "page": 140, "variant": "plain-vision"}
26
Schirra - Correct, that's when I came into it.
O'Keefe - What was the
height of
the layers at this time -
66 kilometers, is that right?
Schirra - Right, that's what I was saying. I hope we can
hold Mercury meaning that I'd like to see it go through this
and I did not know that I could, but obviously I proved that
I could; I did. This was quite a surprise. Didn't you say,
Jocelyn, that there aren't many people that have seen Mercury
sets?
Gill - Very true. Mercury, (the planet) period. Very few
people know that it exists.
O'Keefe - Can I point out that you used the word airglow just
in general terms, a faint, glowing light seen from the atmosphere
without your - What you called the airglow is not what is
technically know as the airglow.
Schirra - Yes, any time we use airglow I don't use it as we
professionally talk about airglow. I was using it merely as
an escape clause.
Dunkelman - There is one other point there. One isn't sure
just in what plane these phenomena took place. They may have
been ahead or behind this plane (of the spacecraft). We have
to think of this... The 66 kilometers might indeed be reflected
as something that had been before this point, you see.
Nordberg - (Comment inaudible).
Schirra - My local vertical would be this hand as I show it
and, of course, 40 degrees to the left where the sun and

===== PAGE 141 =====
{"alpha_words": 204, "chars": 1205, "method": "ocr", "page": 141, "variant": "plain-vision"}
27
Mercury were traversing was in a plane something like this.
This is your point I think, Larry, Isn't it?
Dunkelman - That's one ••.
Schirra - So they come down this way which mathematically isn't
hard to solve, but you should consider this.
Dubin - This plane may vary a certain amount and it is very
difficult to know which way.
Schirra - The spacecraft at this point was under attitude
control and was fairly tight in a sense.
Roman - I think Larry's point is that though we don't really
know if we are ... if we are actually taking a traverse straight
through the atmosphere, it may be something in front, a tangent
line, or behind it.
Dunkelman - The first thought is to put a line right through
there, and at this point this may be on the plane but it may
not be that. Some may be ahead or behind, or both....
Schirra - In other words, these layers in this sense could
be all staggered out and this one stacked like a bunch of
steps in a sense.
Dubin - And they could be higher in altitude than a simple right
angle projection.
O'Keefe - It's quite safe.
Schirra - I was looking at two dimensions in a sense.
Cameron - The right angles of projection and this is the
twilight zone of
the spectrum.

===== PAGE 142 =====
{"alpha_words": 21, "chars": 133, "method": "ocr", "page": 142, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
28
Schirra - If there is another one of those coffees, I'll

trade this one in, I don't mind it cool,

Break (General conversation)

===== PAGE 143 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1370, "method": "ocr", "page": 143, "variant": "plain-vision"}
29
Schirra - And the rare occasions that I've had the timing for this.
O'Keefe - There is a nice Delta Flight from Washington down to
Houston. The thing goes exactly toward the sun - you can't miss it.
Cameron - You'll have to go to the cockpit.
Schirra - Hmm - You have to make the Delta Flight, in this particu-
lar case, from Dallas to Los Angeles, I passed Albuquerque.
Shoemaker • This peculiar thing you saw over Africa - maybe you could
tell us about it.
Schirra - That, as I have said, was my biggest surprise. I
talked to most of you at great length about things we would hope
to see or expect to see. This I had no prior knowledge of and I
basically can say that I was "sucked" in and originally called this
airglow, if you recall. I guess it is best to refer back to the record
again. This was 5 hours and 20 minutes.
Cameron - That's the time I got from you. The only thing I
notice from the script was that you said Glenn was asking you when
you were passing over California if you had seen what the airglow
was. Then you said something about you were surprised at how high
it was.
Schirra - This was the same phenomena. I had come back from there,
I think, isn't that correct? Let's see.
Dubin • The Indian Ocean.
O'Keefe • David Stern at Goddard predicted that you would see
something very unusual in this flight before you went up. ...
Schirra - Really?

===== PAGE 144 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 1309, "method": "ocr", "page": 144, "variant": "plain-vision"}
30
O'Keefe - Yes, he gave me a note. I was supposed to pass that
note down to the Manned Spacecraft Center; I don't think I did.
I think it's my fault. (Ed. copies were forwarded to MSC.)
Roman - What is this you are referring to?
O'Keefe - There is a very strong magnetic anomaly in this region,
and this is where ...
Dunkelman - I think the fact that Schirra had not heard of this makes
the observation even better scientifically.
Schirra - Hmm.
O'Keefe - Quite exciting
about this thing, but exactly what region
is Cdr. Schirra talking about? ...He's talking about the South Atlantic
- and the South Atlantic was in sunlight. This is probably as close
to it as we could get to be in darkness.
Schirra • I think what happened is I looked out as I was drifting
and this happened to be in the right attitude to see this, which
probably meant that I was looking toward the North although I can't
confirm this.
Cameron - You said something about you would judge that the width
was about a fourth of your window.
Schirra • Yes.
Cameron - Can you say how far - anything about how high it was
from the horizon?
Schirra • I was surprised when I saw what I thought were city lights
and they turned out to be stars below this thing. As a result, I
was confused in the sense that I wasn't then looking for yardsticks.

===== PAGE 145 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1327, "method": "ocr", "page": 145, "variant": "plain-vision"}
31
Cameron - Was this a patch, or do you think there was a layer
there?
Schirra • It
was a layer across my whole visible horizon. It
wasn't just a blob in other words.
Cameron - And is
that the only time you saw it?
Schirra • That is the only time that I recall ever having seen it.
At one particular point - Was it at 5 hours 20 minutes (in the
record)? I don't seem to refer to it too well in here.
Dunkelman • We had to find it.
Schirra - You had to dig it out?
Dunkelman • We had to dig it out from your self-debriefing later.
Roman • Was there any color apparent in this case?
Schirra - I would like to refer to it, Nancy, as a little smog
color, having a little brown in it. Sort of Brownish gray - rather
it wasn't black or white. It was definitely toward the brown smog thing.
I'm sure you have had the unfortunate privilege of letting down in
Los Angeles and seeing what smog brown is.
Roman - Right.
Schirra - This isn't what you would see from the surface of Los
Angeles, but above it when you look into this. Sort of a dusty
color in a sense. If you'd like to use that term. I don't like to
use that term because if you have seen a dust cloud you've seen
more solidity to it in your mind at least. I don't want to give
you that picture. Definitely a fog effect rather than seeing
particles. I think of it that way.

===== PAGE 146 =====
{"alpha_words": 254, "chars": 1457, "method": "ocr", "page": 146, "variant": "plain-vision"}
32
Dunkelman • We are here to hear yours and I think we should figure out
some more of this. I don't want to inject my thought into this, but
I was trying to quote you in saying that it is brownish smog layers
and wasn't sure how to define it.
Schirra • Yes. This is dirty brown, not a pleasant brown, not one
you would like to see. Sort of like a tattle tale brown instead of a
tattle tale gray.
Cameron • Venus was just off the edge of it. I have the report of it.
Schirra • Let's see, where are we there?
Cameron - I don't think you are saying anything about that. I was
wondering if you noticed Venus at that time?
Schirra • There was some point in here where I miscalled Venus or
Mercury, I forget which, but this is wrong. I told them to correct
it and they never did. But anyway this is what I did say. I think
you could disprove me very easily, because it just couldn't be there.
I forgot which one it was I referred to. Venus and the moon were
always together is the whole point, and they were to me in a horizontal
line which gave me a good reference.
O'Keefe • Cdr. Schirra, there are some important points here. First
of all, of course, both Glenn and Carpenter saw stars underneath the
ordinary airglow layer.
Schirra - Yes, I remember.
O'Keefe - So it clearly can't be seen and one would expect that anyway.
Schirra • I would say that this is substantiated by my report of
seeing Mercury as it passed through these layers as Mercury set which

===== PAGE 147 =====
{"alpha_words": 217, "chars": 1286, "method": "ocr", "page": 147, "variant": "plain-vision"}
33
would prove that the stars well could be seen going through the
same traverse. This thing I saw - let's just call it the smog belt -
on this southern pass, to go back and recap the sensation that
brought this to mind which is not brought out here other than the
fact that I can identify what I saw. I was coming over a land area.
(I think I better take a second and break out my orbital map which
I have here.)
'Keefe - If you have the tape, we might replay that.
Schirra - This would be better because some of the nine hours
there, I have not identified carefully enough, and I should have,
by going back over the tape and these areas of interest - I think we
should listen to the original tape again. Let's get down to where
we were.
Came ron - Larry (Dunkelman) has listened to it at the Cape, I think.
Dunkelman - Did you see what I call normal airglow at night?
That is the soft white band.
Schirra - Yes, I did.
Dunkelman - All right, yes, that's important because I think later it
will help.
Cameron • Was that the thing you saw?
Schirra - This is distinctly different and this, I think, we identified
in our earlier discussion (speaking of the use of the term airglow).
Dunkelman - Fine.
Schirra - I had moonlight as well, but I could definitely see this faint
white effect.

===== PAGE 148 =====
{"alpha_words": 279, "chars": 1581, "method": "ocr", "page": 148, "variant": "plain-vision"}
34
Dubin - Was there any color whatever in it?
Schirra - In the airglow that I saw? No, other than during sunset
times where you would have sunlight itself.
Dubin - No color whatever?
Schirra - I think of white as being all colors and you can see
I've been trapped with painting a few times. This patch was denser
as you came into the middle of this belt. It definitely had to have
a light stimulus to it or I wouldn't have seen it, I was well
aware of this and thought this as I saw it. The initial impression
that brought to my attention is, first off, and this is the liability
we have; we're wanting to see something that needs to be seen with
the naked eye when the inside of the vehicle is dark.
Cameron - In the patch did you notice any variation in color either
horizontal or vertical? Or was it all one?
Schirra - The airglow now we are discussing?
Cameron • The patch over (Madagascar).
Schirra - Oh, this patch, it
seemed •.. You can't keep track of whether
you are over land or water continually and time is progressing fairly
rapidly; for example, on this particular period where we are talking
in terms of 5 hours and 20 minutes, going back just a few minutes, I
am over Africa because I had left the southeast coast of Africa, in
other words, Durban and this is the place I had one time in my mind
wanted to see a flare and I did see cities and I know I saw Capetown
which was in the clear. I talked to the Ambassador from that section
of Africa when we were at Goddard for the 5th year celebration of
satellites, and he said, "oh, I wish we had known that, because

===== PAGE 149 =====
{"alpha_words": 283, "chars": 1683, "method": "ocr", "page": 149, "variant": "plain-vision"}
35
everybody thinks that all you see is Perth! (laughter) Well,
we see a lot of other places as well." To go back, I was trying
to re-establish this phenomenon in my mind so I had passed over
Africa and I was darkened within the vehicle. I was drifting.
As I was drifting - we like to say that we can see a city because
the people of the city get quite excited about it as we know Perth
did - and I was proceeding across the Indian Ocean drifting, so my
attitudes cannot be defined, I wanted to say to myself, oh, I see
some more cities below me. Now I wasn't convinced in my mind that
I was over the Indian Ocean, yet with the attitudes not carefully
defined, I might well have seen cities. These I said, ah, those cities
are quite constellation setups. They looked like constellations.
Then I said, my gosh! they are constellations. They are stars
and this was below what I then, in my mind at least, had planted
as airglow. Again, a lump term, meaning a lighted horizon, and I
looked above this brown smog effect and saw more stars again. Then
I could see through this brown effect, stars, but they were dimmed
considerably by it. Now, I did not have the opportunity in that
the attitudes were dynamic to trace an individual star or planet
through this particular area. I wasn't at this point too interested
in knowing what constellations I was looking at. In drifting flight,
you don't really have a requirement to navigate, that is, to know
where you are in relation to a star field or surface.
Roman - So you don't know what you were looking at?
Schirra - So any particular star or constellation, I could not
identify at this time. If I needed to, I would then have to destroy

===== PAGE 150 =====
{"alpha_words": 295, "chars": 1624, "method": "ocr", "page": 150, "variant": "plain-vision"}
36
my dark adaptation and light up my star chart and then identify
these things. This is the problem we have.
O'Keefe - One of the classic problems in astronomy - one of the
solutions for it is to illuminate with
a red light, because you
don't destroy the dark adaptation so quickly.
Schirra - This is why we went to these fingertip lights which are red.
I started out, and this might interest you, I went to the planetarium
in Chapel Hill and took both gloves with me. One had white lights
and one had the red lights. This was my test of these lights. We
used them while working in the planetarium. We lit up the white
lights and the whole dome was just brilliant white. These are tiny
little peanut bulbs, really minute. This was the last time I used
those white lights. That very day - they were painted red as a result
of this. You need very, very low orders of light to -
Dunkelman - I had the impression the first time we talked about this
that you had not seen any stars through the patch, this brownish
patch, but you feel that you had seen -
Schirra - Yes sir, this is what I am trying to do; recreate the scene.
That is why. I went back to coming off Africa. Having looked for the
lights, and having seen Capetown, I then felt that I was seeing more
city lights and then I was so surprised to realize that these were
stars. Now this only means that I was not pitched down enough to
really see the earth itself. So this means that it was quite high.
Roman - Do you feel that you were looking at the airglow layers at
sunset or might you have been looking down at this sort of tangentially
as you are at some angle?

===== PAGE 151 =====
{"alpha_words": 227, "chars": 1331, "method": "ocr", "page": 151, "variant": "plain-vision"}
37
Schirra - I feel that I was looking up at it now in relation to my
local horizon.
Roman - You were actually looking up at it? Have you any idea how high
it was
above the apparent horizon at that time?
Schirra - That is where I am in trouble, Nancy, because there is no
direct repeated knowledge of what this attitude is.
Roman - Well, the other question is •..
Schirra - But I saw a good batch of stars below it which meant that my
axis had to be fairly well above the horizon.
Roman - Any structure either turbulent or wave-like?
Schirra - No, this was a very soft - we best describe this in clouds
as being a cirrus layer rather than a cumulus layer; a stratus would be
a better term, I think.
Nordberg - Sort of diffuse?
Roman - I am still not quite sure I have the answer to my question then.
I'm not a meteorologist.
Schirra - If I were to do it, I'd take a chalk eraser and just make a
streak across the blackboard, it would be more intense in the center
of the eraser and then diffused as I got -
Roman - But no other structure?
Schirra • No other structure.
Roman • The reason I am asking this is that it sounds as if it might
be related to some other equatorial red airglow which has been observed
from the ground. This has a distinct wave structure.
Schirra - I see. No, I did not see the permanent wave effect or the

===== PAGE 152 =====
{"alpha_words": 277, "chars": 1570, "method": "ocr", "page": 152, "variant": "plain-vision"}
38
mackerel effect that you see in clouds. This is very much a -
wel1, I would say if you really wanted to do it - well, do it in
water colors rather than chalk.
Nordberg - Did it cover your entire field of view?
Schirra - It covered my whole field of view, yes. That's where I
"suckered-in" thinking that I was looking at "airglow-" what we
have used now - I think you understand how I have used airglow and
that there were cities below it and stars above it. Then, these
cities were defined rapidly as stars and then I -
Dubin - You actually saw no horizon then? And you saw none of the
regular airglow?
Schirra - No, I could not see any vestige of the surface of the earth,
meaning the true airglow in this sense.
Dubin - What you saw then were some of the bands with stars above and
below - you remember how high up you were looking?
Schirra - No. If I had not had the fetish of conserving fuel in this
drifting period - was most important - not only conserving fuel, but
to see what effects the vehicle would get while it drifted over a period
of time; in other words, what this minute atmosphere might do to the
vehicle, whether it would spin it up or slow it down or what have you.
I could have picked up my attitude just by pitching down and picking
up the surface of the earth. But then I would have destroyed the
period of time that we had been drifting to see if the vehicle
attitude had been affected by the orbital period.
Roman - For something like that, would it be desirable to carry a
small mirror, something like a woman's pocketbook mirror, which you

===== PAGE 153 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1424, "method": "ocr", "page": 153, "variant": "plain-vision"}
39
could look down at the different angles.
Schirra - We had a mirror on there.
This permitted me basically to
look toward the heat shield. Something like a rear view mirror,
except it was a front view mirror in Mercury. But in any case,
you almost need - we need something like a dental mirror to move
around. I think again you get in trouble with a mirror; I con-
sidered this. In fact, I had a mirror on my hand which was a flat
plate much like the woman's cosmetic mirror. It was about the same
size, and when you use a mirror you lose so much just by the fact
that you change distances. Your image has been ranged differently.
So I found that I didn't have any luck at all.
Tennyson - It was just your disorientation.
Schirra - That itself was another problem. (Cameron showing Schirra
a drawing)
Cameron - I have a drawing here of what I think you saw out your
window at 5 hours 20 minutes.
Schirra - Oh, really, I'd like to see that, yes.
Cameron - It's just the star chart. I tried. ... I think this is where
you were, well, I made a tracing of the thing and slid it (the plastic
slide which represents the capsule window) up (on the star chart)
here • here's the horizon and I tried to guess where you might have
been, and I put the width about ••. (showing Schirra) you thought it
was ®
Schirra - Very good. But the thing is you see I could be tilted as
well in roll and it would move this field--see what I mean?

===== PAGE 154 =====
{"alpha_words": 226, "chars": 1375, "method": "ocr", "page": 154, "variant": "plain-vision"}
40
Cameron - I was wondering if you recognized this pattern here that
you saw below it?
Schirra - What really flipped me--this is where I got in trouble--
I said something about the Pleiades and I know I could not see those.
Cameron - You see
according to this the Moon was up at the top (of
the window) and Venus was off to the left. Did you see them?
Schirra - I did not see them during this period, no.
O' Keefe • Where is Delphinus? Delphinus is somewhere.
Roman • I was just thinking about that. ...
Cameron - Well, he's in Ophiuchus and Hercules and ..
(General discussion which is inaudible)
Schirra - Delphinus does look something like the Pleiades in a sense,
yes.
Roman - It's a little larger, but I'm sure that...
Schirra - At one time I tried to trace this down and see what I really
was looking at and I frankly have not done it. This is typical of
everything we do, we always rushed into something else.
O'Keefe • (to Cameron) Can you find Delphinus? It's right next to
the (Northern) Cross.
Cameron - I don't see it. I don't think it's on here.
Schirra - Did I identify - when I said Aldebaran, I may well have been
talking about...
Cameron - There's a Norton (Star Atlas) in my bag - maybe I'm - if
you'd hand it to me - maybe I've got the wrong page--I don't know -
I don't know why - he's got it there very clearly.
O'Kee fe - You have Ophiuchus, Hercules?

===== PAGE 155 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1326, "method": "ocr", "page": 155, "variant": "plain-vision"}
41
(Conversation inaudible)
Schirra - I used to carry my little star chart slide rule thing
around with
me .
Roman - Alternatively, there are some (star) clusters - well, if
it's the Pleiades, it would be well enough defined and you wouldn't
confuse it • there are some clusters in a star field which at first
glance give you the same haziness that you get from a cluster like
the Pleiades.
Cameron - It's the wrong direction, of course.
Roman - Well, but he is down in the Scorpio region if you think of it.
Schirra - One of those things I do recall very vividly was that I
•talked about Aldebaran and it just couldn't have been there at the
time I. ...
Gill • O, well maybe you didn't have the Pleiades then.
Schirra - I know it wasn't. It wasn't the Pleiades.
Gill - Because you've got Orion here. Orion, the Pleiades and
Aldebaran go nicely together.
Schirra - They sure do, but they shouldn't be there.
Gill • But those were the wrong ones. (Laughter) They can't be there.
Dunkelman - I think Voas corrected that at that one time. You see
Aldebaran wasn't there.
Schirra - Yes, this is the liability you get into if you don't really
know your attitude; with this star chart you can sweep out a whole
new segment of the sky.
O'Keefe - Why can't you have seen Aldebaran and these other things?
Were they above the horizon?

===== PAGE 156 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1452, "method": "ocr", "page": 156, "variant": "plain-vision"}
42
Schirra - I don't think they are in this area. We have to expand
this star chart. Now if I were yawed around 90 degrees, this star
chart is absolutely worthless because this only goes a plus or
minus 60 degrees.
O'Keefe - I know, I know ..•
Schirra • Maybe I could have ...
O'Keefe • But, your flight path did go over Aldebaran, Orion -
the plane of the orbit.
Schirra • As I recall, and my memory of course, is suffering
from the time span (which has elapsed since the flight on October 3º
1962) As I recall, Orion was on the daylight side, you see it's...
Roman - As I say, I was going to say that Orion was actually very
late • just before dawn - if it were up at all.
Schirra • Physically it was impossible to see • here is the constella-
tion Orion way down here - in time, this is on my daylight side.
Roman - I would think that Aldebaran would be much the same problem.
Cameron • Just the same thing.
Schirra - It is right in this same family, of course.
Roman - What time of night was this? Can you give me any idea
of the distance between sunlight and sunset?
Schirra • That's why I am perfectly convinced that I could not
possibly see anything associated with the constellation Orion or
Aldebaran. With this star chart, Nancy, what we do is have a
time margin. (Looking at the chart.) Now Orion down here is
actually in my local daylight. It just was impossible
for me to
see it at this point way back here. It was occluded frankly by the

===== PAGE 157 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1520, "method": "ocr", "page": 157, "variant": "plain-vision"}
43
surface of the earth; physically, I just couldn't see it.
Roman - That's what I meant when I said at best you-d see those just
before sunrise--if at all at this time of year.
Schirra - Right. It was just impossible for me to see it at this
point way back here, so it was occluded by the surface of the earth,
frankly, I just couldn't - physically I couldn't see it. What
really would be fun, by gosh, would be to go back up and have Tony
Jenzano (Director, Morehead Planetarium) lay this out in the planetariu.
Gill - Yes, yes, you ought to be able to solve that.
Schirra • I would be able to tell exactly what
I saw. I'll do it -
That's the way to solve this because then I can get the whole star
field, the complete celestial heaven at this time and space. And
then we can make some points. I think one of you should go there
with me so we can have this pinned down. I think we should lay
this out. He (Jenzano) can lay out the whole flight plan.
Gill - To get it pinned down.
Roman - I would say here that Arcturus or Antares could have been con-
fused for Aldebaran here.
Gill - Absolutely. Those would be good candidates.
O'Keefe • Let's not let this point go. Who should go?
Shoemaker - I think we should plan to do this.
Schirra • I think this is the way to answer this rather than trying
to beat it to death. I'11 bet I'll be able to give you a whole bunch
of information in there (at the planetarium).
°' Keefe - Should it be you, or Jocelyn?
Gill - It depends on when it comes off - what time it comes off.

===== PAGE 158 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1383, "method": "ocr", "page": 158, "variant": "plain-vision"}
44
Shoemaker - Why don't we say we'll plan on this and then we can make
the arrangements =-
Schirra - I am afraid that I can't do it rapidly, but I'd say the
first part of April would be okay.
Shoemaker • Jocelyn, would you like to take this on to
set it up and
follow it through?
Gill - Certainly.
Schirra - I would like to nail this one down. It has been bothering
me for a long time and I just don't seem to be getting any answers
that I would like to have as well.
Gill - It is possible to have hindsight here. In other words, we can
reconstruct the crime and it is worth doing, I think.
Dunkelman - I am glad you mentioned that you could see some stars
dimmed through this patch because-if you don't see any, -the patch
turns out to be extremely bright.
Dunkelman - It's about
300 times higher than what the normal airglow
(seen) edge- on is.
Schirra - Well, it wasn't dim by any means.
Dunkelman - It wasn't dim - the answer I get is that it is about
3 ergs/cm/sec which is extremely bright and its structure is extremely
high. It is about three hundred times brighter than the normal air-
glow. I think we can "home-in" on this brightness rather nicely
because, if you saw color, you know it is a dirty brown, but if it
was color, that does require at least 50 to 100 times more than the
normal night airglow.
Schirra - That's why you were asking me earlier was there a color

===== PAGE 159 =====
{"alpha_words": 231, "chars": 1379, "method": "ocr", "page": 159, "variant": "plain-vision"}
45
in the airglow and I did not see it?
Dunkelman - We are trying not to - (influence your reply).
Schirra - Playing one (response) against the other is indeed a good
way of doing it.
Dunkelman - Another think is that this was indeed brighter.
Schirra - But, well below. ...
Dunkelman - It is possible that the normal airglow was there -
but you didn't see it?
Schirra - It was well below my field of view though.
Dunkelman - But are we sure? I assumed that it was well below, too,
but...
Schirra - Yes. I saw what amounted to a clear starfield below this...
Dunkelman - About how many degrees worth though?
Schirra - I was just trying to think - Well, the window itself -
I'm just trying to think what I can see degrees-wise-this is -
Cameron - Thirty degrees.
Schirra - It was roughly thirty degrees.
O'Keefe - But there is a trap here because that window shapes out
at such a steep angle - that if you attempt to estimate height by
estimating portions of the window--
Schirra - Oh, no, I wasn't doing that. All I am trying to say is
that in the window - included in the window - let's forget this smog
band, it were stars only, it was below the window which would be the
earth. There was no horizon and even if I could have been inverted,
we could just say that the window would be this way. There was still
no earth vision, nothing of earth I could see, including airglow or

===== PAGE 160 =====
{"alpha_words": 239, "chars": 1341, "method": "ocr", "page": 160, "variant": "plain-vision"}
46
anything else. So I was strictly looking, if you could almost
say, I could even be looking straight up, which I know I wasn't.
The stars were equally bright and equally in number almost on
either side of this band.
Dubin - It was about through the middle of the window?
Schirra - That is correct. I went even as far as to say that it
wasn't a third of the window and then I modified this down to a
fourth, but it was more than a fourth and less than a third. This
means, in any case, that it's approximately ten degrees thick and
this is a very rough estimate.
O'Keefe - It wasn't the Milky Way?
Schirra - No. No, I like to 1ook at the Milky Way so I've seen
it enough to say "no."
O'Keefe - Because you were facing according to your picture to - well -
no - Sculptor, Fornax - no -
Roman - The Milky Way in that part of the sky, should have a very
distinct rift down the middle, it wouldn't be brightest to the center
and shading off.
Schirra - Yes, in fact, if I recall from the way we ran the planetarium,
the Milky Way was almost on my horizon.
& Dubin - How long can you see this by the way?
Schirra - We can do this too, John. They have the Milky Way projected
on this chart. It is a very fine tool, I might add, particularly when
you want to reconstruct the crime.
Gill - Might be very good practice afterwards for the pilot to go

===== PAGE 161 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1338, "method": "ocr", "page": 161, "variant": "plain-vision"}
47
back to the planetarium (to reconstruct his flight path.)...
Schirra - I sure wish I had thought of this a long time ago when I
was fresher on this.
Gill - It would fix things in your mind too - you'd be able to see them
again right away to pin them down.
Dubin - How long did you see this?
Schirra - I would not say seconds, I would say minutes.
Nordberg • Did this go away simply because of your progression in
orbit or because of your drifting?
Schirra - I think more because of the drifting, perhaps.
Dubin - Did you see the stars through it?
Schirra - There again, I didn't have time to track stars through it.
When I say minutes, I don't mean a whole bunch of minutes, I mean
one or two or three minutes.
Dubin - Yes, but do you know whether you saw stars moving relative to
the band?
Schirra - No, they weren't. It wasn't relative to the band.
That's a good question, now that you bring it up.
Dubin - In other words, the stars seemed to stand still.
Schirra • The band and the stars were planted together, much the same
way as you would see the Milky Way in a sense. That's a very good
point.
O' Keefe - You saw a bunch of things there. It might have been Aldebaran
or it might have been Antares.
Schirra - I suspect that is what I did see at Antares or Alpheca,
and I think that is in that same spectrum there. I think rather

===== PAGE 162 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1563, "method": "ocr", "page": 162, "variant": "plain-vision"}
48
than beat this any further, it's circumbent on us to go to the
planetarium and really nail this down. All I have to do is just
take this window box we have and just move it around and - ah ha -
there it is.
Dunkeman - Something we would like to know is the dimming effect.
Schirra - Uh huh.
Dunkelman - You say that this patch was quite bright, that's one thing;
and then was it quite bright because it appeared bright or because
there are many, many fewer stars. This is the question we have to
answer.
Schirra - Right. You know what went through my mind when I finally
realized what I was looking at? I was livid about the fact that I
had the periscope. Absolutely livid, because I would have shot up a
whole roll of film right on that (using uv spectrograph) • (Laughter)
I was fighting for that thing and that's why you can look through and
I make perisocpe sound like a dirty word. All through here the word
periscope is shortened to four letters practically. (Laughter)
Shoemaker - Why don't we go on. Jocelyn, why don't you get together
with Cdr. Schirra and write a conclusion on this.
Schirra - We'll set up a rendezvous here.
Shoemaker - I think we have covered quite a few of the remainder of the
questions partly in discussion. I would like to go back to dark-
adaptation here which is the next question. You have talked about it
and let's see whether there are any points that we haven't covered. The
question is would you tell us when you think you were best dark-adapted?
Was there any time during flight when you employed only red light in the

===== PAGE 163 =====
{"alpha_words": 240, "chars": 1399, "method": "ocr", "page": 163, "variant": "plain-vision"}
49
capsule?
Schirra - We have answered that with the fingertips.
Shoemaker - Did the light of the "time-correlation clock" shine in
your eyes throughout flight?
Schirra - The answer is no. They put in a switch
to turn that off and
I turned it once
and it was never turned on again. This was a very
great annoyance. This was my prediction that I would turn it off
and never turn it on again.
Gill - You were responsible for having the switch put in, weren't
you?
Schirra - Yes, I went through some very careful studies on the darkness
of this interior. I ran a special test at the Cape and it is amazing
how much light comes in there. John and Scott were surprised when
I told them this. Scott came back from his flight furious about this
time-correlation clock light. So I put in a switch-in-series and
just clicked it off as soon as I got to the switch.
Gill - Good for you.
Schirra - It was the first time it was dark outside, frankly, and
that was the end of that light. (Laughter) The cabin lights are
tube lights. They leak like mad. Just terribly. So I turned
those off as well when I wanted darkness.. Then I had pure darkness.
The only light I could create then were the fingertip lights. When I
blacked out that capsule, it was black dark other than when I needed
to see something with the fingertip lights. This is where our
crutches - as I described the map, the time and the star charts

===== PAGE 164 =====
{"alpha_words": 270, "chars": 1497, "method": "ocr", "page": 164, "variant": "plain-vision"}
50
became a liability, because we had then to bring on light again
(I brought on the finger tip lights to do this. Gordon knows how
strongly I feel about the star chart device. This is a valuable tool.
But it required two tools and a slider. Actually, two tools, with
sliders on each to use them. I had to take one tool which gave me
a reference in the time that had elapsed to come back to the star chart
which had a reference for one time - I think it was an hour's worth.
So I had to come over here and compute. For example, say I had 5 hours
and 20 minutes, so I'd run down 5 hours and 20 minutes and look across
and this is equivalent to say 53 minutes. So then I would say, Ah,
53 minutes; so then I would race over here and set the little window
thing on the index of 53 minutes and this thing is floating around
and I would stamp it off and get it out of the way. This is quite
a chore. It really is. So now we have included this on the flight
plan itself, what index of the star chart to use. So we have
simplified this task quite a bit.
Cameron - As far as the star charts are concerned, fluorescence --
Roman - Suppose you had an ultra violet lamp in the capsule -
Schirra - If you kept it up?
Roman - That's what I was going to suggest -- (fluorescent paint on
charts) Not depending on storing it up and letting it go down
afterwards.
Gill - You mean keep it on?
Roman - Well, depending on which looks more desirable. But
you could set that at a level where it would not blind you and

===== PAGE 165 =====
{"alpha_words": 244, "chars": 1410, "method": "ocr", "page": 165, "variant": "plain-vision"}
51
and you could see what you needed on the chart.
Schirra - Now this could be practiced in a planetarium.
O'Keefe - There are plenty of fluorescent inks.
Schirra - This star chart thing was a real problem even to get it
to the degree of refinement that I had.
Gill - It has a white background now?
Schirra - We had to take the surface and sand it in a sense to get it
non-reflecting, because that was
a problem.
Dunke 1man " I want to caution you on that ultra violet light, though.
It has to be very carefully designed, because if just a wee bit
of 3615 leaks out of it; your eyeballs fluoresce. It must be
carefully done.
Schirra - I've become very interested in this as a problem in that
on the Apollo mission, where you will need to find particular stars,
we should have some kind of star map that you can see without
blinding yourself. Those fingertips to me were awfully bright.
Roman - You can't turn it down?
Schirra - No.
Gi11 - You must have been well dark-adapted?
Schirra - Yes, that's right. I feel very strongly about this
dark-adaptation, by the way. I have felt this way about this ever
since I have been involved with this. As a night carrier-pilot, it
was always a problem as you know. We would sit in the ready room
with red lights on and red goggles on and we then would go roaring up
to flight deck and there would always be somebody there with a white
light to shine right in your face.

===== PAGE 166 =====
{"alpha_words": 284, "chars": 1632, "method": "ocr", "page": 166, "variant": "plain-vision"}
52
Dunkelman - The Navy has done this very carefully.
Schirra - It can be destroyed very rapidly. It turns out quite
frequently when you are in a cockpit and you're time-critical,
more so than when you are on a carrier deck for a night launch
than when you are on the pad. Things are in a frantic tempo.
You make a very rapid checkout of the cockpit and you really don't
care about light adaptation. You just want to be sure that everything
is in its proper position. So all of a sudden--boom--you are shot off
into the black and surprisingly you are very well adapted. I feel--
I know Scott has made a test on this--I think you come down to a very
rapid adaptation in seconds and then you progress getting better
dark-adapted over many, many minutes. I know this has been documented.
It is not worth trying to adapt to this exponential curve that you are
trying to get hold of.
Gill - Five minutes certainly helps a great deal.
Schirra • I have said this in the past, for example, if it were
night outside right now, we could step outside that door. With this
lighting you have in here, you can see outside this door (assuming
you are looking at the celestial night). You can see more than I
could see out of the window of the capsule with perfect adaptation.
I have done this. I have been in a lighted room since the flight
and have stepped outside. Now we have done this frequently at the
various control stations around the net. I did this at Guaymas
which you well know is a tremendous place to look at stars. I walked
out of a room just as lighted as this and got outside and boom, I saw
more than I could see in the capsule.

===== PAGE 167 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1555, "method": "ocr", "page": 167, "variant": "plain-vision"}
53
Cameron - I saw the zodiacal light once doing that in Chicago.
I came out of a lighted building. It was the first time I had
seen it. It was in a part of the sky where I didn't expect to see it.
Schirra - I think that our test, frankly, that have been conducted
to determine dark adaptation are not done well enough. I don't
think we can really justify how fast we adapt by the tests we have
run. I have yet to see that quantitative analysis made that should
be made. Intuitively, I feel that I adapt faster than the test
has ever proven to me. We had very complicated systems, such as that
at Pensacola where you pick up the horizon and objects, trucks and
airplanes and ships, --I'm sure you remember this routine--and I
never was sympathetic to this study. I think there is a better way
of defining it, however, by having you in an opaque room or rather
going from a lighted room into an opaque room seeing what can you see.
Have these measured light sources there and then identify them as
rapidly as you can. Of course, you've got to keep identifying
because you are adapting all the time.
Tennyson - Is it correct then that this window of ours (Vicor
window) has never really been nailed down as far as transmissivity
is concerned.
Schirra • It has been carefully nailed down, I understand.
Roman - Yes, but not under quite the flight conditions.
Schirra • Well, I was carrying this photometer, and did make some
measured readings on some objects, but this comes back to the photo-
meter check
on Aldebaran. This comes back to what I really made

===== PAGE 168 =====
{"alpha_words": 221, "chars": 1256, "method": "ocr", "page": 168, "variant": "plain-vision"}
54
it on. I think they are trying to trace that through. It wasn't
Aldebaran, that's for sure.
Dubin - You say that you never saw your fluorescent numbers on
your watch?
Schirra - No, I did not. This bothered me.
Dubin - Did you look at it?
Schirra • Yes.
Dunkelman - Is this some watch that requires exposure to light for
awhile?
Schirra - Correct. There is another answer to this. The time
function, meaning just running time, has the fluorescent, but the
elapsed time that I used on this watch is just black and white.
I wanted badly to get at least the hands coated and this is a real
chore. Very few people do this for you. I would have liked very
much to have had this done, but couldn't get it.
Dunkelman - I would sure like to see the CIC lighting people
have a chance to put their two cents into this whole thing about
the lights, for Apollo or something like that.
Schirra • I have gone on record saying that Gemini will not fly
until I personally run a lighting mockup on that vehicle as well
as on Apollo. There are many people who know how strongly I feel
on this subject.
Gill • Very good. Very good.
Schirra - What I'm getting at is, if you can get the light out
of the vehicle, you don't need to spend a lot of time adapting.
Gill - Right.

===== PAGE 169 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1528, "method": "ocr", "page": 169, "variant": "plain-vision"}
55
Nordberg - I am curious if you had a chance to observe variations
of brightness around the horizon; around as far as possible
(during) both in day and night..
Schirra - Again, the field of view isn't that big. I know just
what you are asking for. I didn't take the liberty of making
these, what would amount to, large yaw changes. I did not have
the opportunity to observe that transition. The field of view I
had did not show these various changes.
O'Keefe - You see, this is like 30 degrees, that's half a radius. I don't
think he could see much more than you could see overhead at night.
Schirra • Yes.
O'Keefe - It means that if he doesn't see patterns in the airglow
from a single place at night, unless he has the freedom to yaw all
around, he doesn't have the opportunity of tracing out the rather
large patterns which must be in the airglow. They are of the order of
a thousand miles in diameter.
Nordberg - I was also curious about daytime, because of the
forward scattering and backscattering and 90° to the sun and
actually, in daytime if your turnaround maneuvers are, say, they
don't go around in a plane tangential to the surface of the earth?
They go around in a radial plane, don't they?
Schirra - Well, this is the awful thing about our vehicle. All
the
thrusters are not aligned through the body axis, therefore,
you get two and three axes when you ask for one. If you were
trying to track the horizon, using the yaw input, say the horizon
being like an arc here, you go like this. Then you've got to roll,

===== PAGE 170 =====
{"alpha_words": 272, "chars": 1489, "method": "ocr", "page": 170, "variant": "plain-vision"}
56
pitch, like this, roll, pitch. In other words, you step your way
around. It is not a smooth maneuver as you would anticipate
in an airplane where you just roll and come around and cut a
swathe without changing attitude.
Nordberg • In daytime, it should be really a striking thing,
the horizon looking toward the sun and, on either side of the
sun, and also looking straight away from the sun it could be
extremely bright •.. and at 90°.
Schirra - You know where we are going to have the most fun?
It's with the lunar module • the LEM or the Bug in earth orbit.
By gosh, that's going to be great, because you practically have
an observatory on your hands. A lot of open panel area that doesn't
have to be protected for re-entry or exit. That will give us our
first real opportunity to look in almost any direction at any time.
You should see the fight we had, to keep a 5th window in the
Apollo command module. They were about to rip it up and save
16 lbs. It was in the right seat where you spend 90% of the time
on a trans- lunar trip. (gasp) Negative. (Laughter) We said no
so we had a seance, that's what we call it. This is when we get a
majority of the astronauts together and we agree. If there are any
dissenters it is
just too bad. If they are in the minority, well,
we come out with a united opinion. This is how we got our window in
Mercury. It was the result of a seance--it cost $500,000 and I think
you know its worth it. It was for observation not only getting
attitudes.

===== PAGE 171 =====
{"alpha_words": 282, "chars": 1644, "method": "ocr", "page": 171, "variant": "plain-vision"}
57
Schirra - These things you can't define by numbers. In spite of
what my philosophy was for this flight you can't resist making
scientific observations. That's taped? I think it's legal.
Gill - That's what I thought--You wouldn't be human if you didn't.
Nordberg - I would like to get away from the horizon now for a
moment. This is going to clouds. There have been reports by
all five of you on seeing cloud patterns and the like; is there
any good indication when you look down of on depth cloud?
Schirra - Very much so. You can get Paul Backer (try Charles
Coler, MSC, better) to give you the Weather Bureau photos I took.
It's fantastic what you can see.
It is the meteorologist's dream
to see this depth, cumulus effect, high cumulus, etc. As an
example, I saw the Sierras, I could very definitely see the rising
terrain. I was very much pleased. I can best say this by saying,
if you've flown at 30 thousand or 40 thousand feet, which you must
have, in a jet transport, you see this of course. Now, if the
horizon itself is not visible to you when you are looking more
towards the surface of the earth, if the curvature of the earth is
not visible, you feel that you are at about 50 thousand feet.
Nordberg - And is this because of some sort of stereoscopic view
that you can still see shadows and brightness?
Schirra - I think you take every cue that you've got and you
differentiate colors by grays, blacks, whites, but there is
no doubt in your mind that, you see depth and there is one striking
picture, this Weather Bureau picture, that shows ten different types
of cloud structure. One is a big towering cumulus, almost a cumulus

===== PAGE 172 =====
{"alpha_words": 274, "chars": 1532, "method": "ocr", "page": 172, "variant": "plain-vision"}
58
nimbus that stands out like a ruler in relation to the vertical
plane. I think it might be here (in the record).
Nordberg - I have seen some of the films. I don't know if they
were your flight or previous ones. I am just curious whether the
eye sees something better than what shows up on the color film.
Schirra - Yes, they do. You use every cue available.
O'Kee fe - He doesn't have the stereoscopic effect in the ordinary
sense, but you remember that he is in motion when he sees that the
peak of the clous moves at a different rate so he gets a sort of
pseudo-stereoscopic effect like you get when you are driving along
in a car-- by the fact that they are moving relative to the capsule.
Schirra - Take page nine here, and put a sheet of paper on the top
of it to cut off the curvature of the earth and you've seen this
from an airplane. Haven't you?
Nordberg - Yes.
Schirra - That is why I've used it in this example that I am trying
to get across. You can see cloud structures in this yellow band
here that are just terrific.
Nordberg - Well, how about at night? Have you been able
to see
any clouds in real darkness at all?
Schirra - Yes, I did and they were lighted by lightning. In fact
I gave Woomera a report on the first orbit saying I would not
possibly see their flare because I was seeing lightning and they
hadn't stepped outside their room. I said that you are about to have
some real brutal thunder storms and the second orbit they agreed with
me, because they were there then. This was during the night side.

===== PAGE 173 =====
{"alpha_words": 16, "chars": 116, "method": "ocr", "page": 173, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
59
This was sort of interesting because I described the thunderstorm

flashes of discharges as blobs of lightning.

===== PAGE 174 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1476, "method": "ocr", "page": 174, "variant": "plain-vision"}
60
BEGINNING OF THIRD TAPE
Schirra • I could not pick up cloud structure because I was
looking down and at this point, you don't have time, and I
don't think your cues are good enough to separate elevations.
Nordberg - You don't recall seeing any clouds when there was
no lightning?
Schirra - No. I don't recall this. I don't think I did really.
I was really frantically trying to see this typhoon, and we called
it a typhoon where Pacific Command Ship was. It was down south of
it, and I could not see it. It was still too dark, and I think
the other reason for it was that the periscope - here we go - was
annoying to me, that picked up the sunrise before I had my
sunrise, because it was looking in that direction, and it ruined
my adaptation. That was when I threw the filter over it, and that
was the end of the periscope forever. I forgot to remove that
filter - not that I even intended to. On descent on the parachute,
and in a way I would like to have had the prerogative of looking
at the periscope and seeing the recovery forces deployed around
there.
It took me a long time to realize why I couldn't see the
recovery forces. (Laughter). And it finally came out that I
threw this filter over it just prior to retrofire. And that was
the end of the periscope (laughter) which also showed that I
didn't need it, obviously.
Nordberg • This question of frequency of lightning is a real
important one. Would you say that you saw lightning through each
night time orbit?

===== PAGE 175 =====
{"alpha_words": 263, "chars": 1519, "method": "ocr", "page": 175, "variant": "plain-vision"}
61
Schirra - No, that was only during this area. This could best
be described as the eastern half of Australia.
Dubin - Did you notice any lightning while looking down - you
couldn't see the flashes away from the capsule?
Schirra - No, oh no, no, I didn't get any light fed into the capsule.
It was just my eyes that captured this light.
Dubin - In the daytime did you also see lightning the same way? Did
your ...
Schirra - I don't recall having seen lightning in the daytime. It's
a good question, though, and I don't recall it. I'm sure I would have
noted it if I had seen it.
Nordberg - One question, that I am sure you can't answer because of
the orbit of your vehicle, but it's of tremendous importance to the
geological satellite people, and this is, the distinction of clouds
and ice and snow. I know, you probably never went over snow or ice.
Schirra - I looked up at the Sierras when I was on the second or
third orbit - we can pin this down - and I was talking to John Glenn
about somebody water skiiing on the Salton Sea, and at this time,
it was amazing how much I could see, because this area is practically
crisp, clear air in the desert, and I lived there for a number of
years, so I know that. I could look all at the Sierras and I could
see snow-capped mountains up there.
Nordberg - But no clouds of course.
Schirra - Not, not - well - on the other side of the Sierras,
westward there was this terrible fog belt, and I do recall saying
sometime I may fly over the Pacific and see the Pacific. I have

===== PAGE 176 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1460, "method": "ocr", "page": 176, "variant": "plain-vision"}
62
yet to do this - in aircraft - in all the times I've been out
there - see all of the Pacific. I have never had that opportunity,
and I don't know that anybody ever will.
Tennyson - I think what he was getting at is when in the TIROS
satellite - the cottonpicker goes over and takes a picture perhaps
of stratus deck which to a continual extent runs right up against
the mountains that we know are snow-covered - where one stops
and the other begins, the snow and the stratus. It is difficult
or impossible to tell.
Schirra - No - well, my daytime was, of course, northern latitude,
and this was basically summer. I was in the snow-capped Sierras.
Nordberg - This question was really sort of just to make a point,
that if ever an astronaut goes into a polar orbit...
Schirra - Yes.
Nordberg - ...or has the opportunity to fly over the ice caps
to look for this distinction, because this is something we find
we are going to live with.
Schirra - I have flown beyond a cloud deck in aircraft at 40,000
feet and had snow on the surface, and usually trees will come up out
of the snow and then make you realize that you are no longer looking
at a cloud surface.
Tennyson - Well, our definition of a TIROS Satellite - because of
the width of the TV raster - which is just not good enough to pick
up trees with the wide angle and the mediocre lenses we use.
Schirra - Well, yes. When you are low enough, you get these terrain
changes which helps you too, I think.

===== PAGE 177 =====
{"alpha_words": 251, "chars": 1537, "method": "ocr", "page": 177, "variant": "plain-vision"}
63
Nordberg - There are some thoughts that by polarization and so,
one can distinguish it over a uniform surface; of course, the
eye doesn't have this, but I'm just looking for a clue that the
eye might have which we hadn't thought of in an instrument such
as depth, because it's interesting when you say you can see all
this depth in the clouds themselves.
Schirra - Yes.
Nordberg - •••whether one could see because of depth difference and
shadows, or something, this distinction between clouds and snow. On
the first TIROS (satellite), TIROS I ...
Schirra - This thing is stalled out (referring to tape recorder).
Is that o.k. Is it finished? - No, no that's going.)
Nordberg - The first TIROS was just sort of an observation when we
still were at this "Ge Whiz" stage on satellites. Boy, we see
something ----
Schirra - Sure, now you want more? (Laughter) - So do I.
Nordberg - People said look at those beautiful orgraphic clouds
over northern India, and there is this huge band, until somebody
saw valleys in these clouds and all there was - was snow- covered
areas and with the valleys being clear.
Schirra - Very good, ...
Tennyson - John O'Keefe has come up with a statement that I, at least,
would like to think about some more and that is the relative motion
involved here. TIROS and Nimbus, etc. are still picture-type items.
I think his (Schirra's) statement there that watching the tops and
bases and of the earth moving at different relative speeds may be,
at least, as important to height determination as anything we can

===== PAGE 178 =====
{"alpha_words": 241, "chars": 1393, "method": "ocr", "page": 178, "variant": "plain-vision"}
64
do with spare part items or items like that.
Nordberg - It's again the depth.
Schirra - Well, we are working a movie camera where TIROS is taking
stills, is what you are saying.
Tennyson - Exactly, and you imply a height which the eye in itself
in a still picture mode can't see, but as it goes you say, ah, ha
- this moves at a different speed, and therefore, it had to be
higher.
Schirra - I would accept that, except for the photograph I have
here which shows this depth. Or is it reminding me of it? I do
not know. Do you see the depth I talk about in that photograph on
page 9?
Tennyson - To some degree (perhaps), but, no, not as directly.
I found that picture interesting, but as indecisive as a good many
of these prints are.
Schirra - Well now, do you have all of these Weather Bureau
photographs?
Nordberg - I have not seen all of them - well, we may not have them -
I find that sometimes it is very peculiar that as a NASA outfit -
NASA Center - we often have less immediate access to some of these
• films than the Weather Bureau has - (Laughter).
Schirra - Well, let's -- I find this disturbs me very much in
that when I yielded to taking a camera, I actually did want to take
one, but I wanted to make people fight to give me the best piece of
equipment they could get rather than just take a camera. I wanted
it very clear that those people who could use this data would get

===== PAGE 179 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1539, "method": "ocr", "page": 179, "variant": "plain-vision"}
65
the best print available, and I definitely have this group on
that list. For one, I am disappointed that this occasion where
I pulled this Weather Bureau filter out of the back to take
these two pictures of the moon, I have heard and I have yet
to have seen the graphic results of those two black and whites
on the moon, which are quite interesting to a lot of people.
I have heard this. Now where they've gone, I don't know.
Although I know they can be obtained again, I thought this was
a shame.
Tennyson - I don't think that I have ever seen these prints.
And, we are in the office that supposedly collects the require-
ments for meteorological satellites and I have not seen the
direct prints of this. The only thing I have seen come out .-
Schirra - Well, I have heard that if you take - and I haven't
had the prerogative either - if you take the motion and project
it on a very good screen, it is really something to see -- at least
of these two lunar pictures. And that's why I took the Hasselblad.
To take this big piece of emulsion - the 70 mm film rather than
a 16 or 35 mm. - and this I do know about photography that the
larger the strip of film, the more you will get out of it. That's
why we went first class with a Hasselblad (camera) and why I am
not at all in favor of taking a 16 mm. camera along which is what
we are using.
Nordberg - We had, in the early days, right after MA-6, we had
written to Kleinknecht and had gotten periscope film, which, you
know what the quality is, and we got always the answer that they

===== PAGE 180 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1349, "method": "ocr", "page": 180, "variant": "plain-vision"}
66
don't have the 70 mm. yet, but as soon as they become available,
they'd send them to us, but actually we haven't really received
anything from them since and the only time that I have seen
some of these photographs that you are talking about ...
Schirra - Well, Kleinknecht doesn't have control of this, MSC
doesn't have control of these pictures I took, obviously, or
actually I would have been able to see them.
Gill - Who does?
Tennyson - The person involved with this (at least in the past)
is Stanley Soules.
Schirra - Yes, when you think of the small number of pictures
did take, and the expense that was involved in taking these
pictures, it is just amazing that first class reproductions
haven't been disseminated widely.
Shoemaker - I think, Jocelyn, this is something that you and I
and John O'Keefe should take up with our joint committee.
Gill - I'll look into it.
Schirra - They should be all over the place ... is really
what I am really getting at.
Shoemaker - This is something we can do something about.
Schirra - Sure. I know Kleinknecht can't help you with this
because he has no control over this.
Shoemaker - I think we can straighten this out.
Cameron - Did you ever think you could see highways?
Schirra - I saw roads in areas such as Mexico where they disturb
the terrain by being in a straight line. I never did have the

===== PAGE 181 =====
{"alpha_words": 266, "chars": 1542, "method": "ocr", "page": 181, "variant": "plain-vision"}
67
opportunity to see a highway, for example, and trace it,
because I wasn't over those populated areas such as the Southern
United States long enough or had the clear weather to just
sit there and observe them. In contrast, I think what you
would do if you saw something and wanted to look at it, I
think what you would do is that you would pitch down more - to
look almost straight down and see it which Scott had the capability
of doing and he could really take a careful look at it.
O'Keefe - One curious fact that I haven't seen anybody take
advantage of is this.
It is quite common in triangulation -
that two stations which are a couple of hundred miles apart, or
a hundred miles apart, and that therefore as far apart as you are
from the ground
and along a light path which is much inferior -
it's nearly parallel to the earth. In order for one of those
stations to see the other one - to measure on it - they provide
one of them with a 6-inch heliotrope, that's enough. That means
that somebody on the ground with a six-inch heliotrope who knew
how to point could point a light that you could see even in the
daytime if they had a dark background; and conversely, if you had
a heliotrope, you could also be seen from the ground. I have never
seen this possibility discussed. Of course it also goes with the
fact that instead of these tremendous flares, if they knew how to
point, they could make a much stronger light where you are with a
search light.
Schirra • Sure.
O'Keefe - The army 5-foot searchlight gives 800 million candles

===== PAGE 182 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1569, "method": "ocr", "page": 182, "variant": "plain-vision"}
68
on the axis which is easily the equivalent of 800 million candle
powero•.single flare on the ground
° oa
Schirra • uh • huh ..
O'Keefe - Well, I think 2 or 3 million is the biggest thing
, they
ever tried to use. So the directed beam has quite a big advantage
over the undirected beam, if people's orbital work is good enough.
Schirra • Agreed. Our problem of course, is unless we have the window,
meaning, of course, attitude, fairly vertical in relation to the
surface of the earth, you can't take advantage of this. This is just
the confined attitude that we've been flying in.
Shoemaker - I think this bears on another question that was
submitted. I might read it and find out what else we can add to it.
The photographs of terrain were not successful. Some of the trouble
was obviously due to cloud cover, and some of the film was over-
exposed. Can you comment further on this, and do you have any
suggestions for successful terrain photography on future flights?
Schirra - Yes, I do. I used a BIWI automatic light meter which is
still ideal for the job, and again we were not briefed carefully
enough on the BIWI automatic, and if I had this to do again, I
would get the manufacturer from BIWI to come down. In fact, many
things I've talked about for equipment, I would not ever -- I said
this years before this flight, but while on the program...If I needed
some information on the capsule, I would not feel adverse to calling
Mr. McDonell (McDonnell Aircraft) down, as an example. If I had a
BIWI exposure meter, I would like to have Mr. BIWI or whoever is

===== PAGE 183 =====
{"alpha_words": 258, "chars": 1525, "method": "ocr", "page": 183, "variant": "plain-vision"}
69
the man to brief me on it, and I since have read up a little bit further
on this exposure meter and there is a little soft, white cap
that goes over the eye of the exposure meter which takes diffused
light. It doesn't change the light meter reading, but it basically
then takes an average of all the light it sees. Now when I was
using it, I didn't have this cap on there and I then got the
brightest light of some area and that's why we overexposed the film.
Nordberg " Yes, yes ... it's very simple...
Schirra - It's as basic as that, and that's why I over-exposed
these light values that I came back with and which were recorded
are really of no great value because of this, I think. It's a
small focus - the exposure meter is just about that size cubed
(demonstrating) it's a beautiful little piece of equipment and
quite accurate. We had a calibrator, but it should have been
(capped) ••. Gordon Cooper knows this and will have a cap on his,
I might add.
Nordberg • Have all pictures been overexposed?
Schirra - No, I looked out on occasion where I would be looking at
an almost uniformly lighted area such as the surface of the earth.
When I had the horizon in the picture, we usually overexposed
because I had two different light levels.
Dunkelman • Well, the pity of it all is, since you do need an
exposure meter to get a good picture, and exposure meters give you
a number, it's too bad the numbers isn't available.
Schirra • I did record these.
Dunkelman • Sooner or later these numbers are going to give you a

===== PAGE 184 =====
{"alpha_words": 233, "chars": 1350, "method": "ocr", "page": 184, "variant": "plain-vision"}
70
lot of information about these flights.
Schirra - That was my intent in taking the exposure meter and the
Hasselblad because you took light values rather than F-stops
and shutter speeds and this means nothing... those numbers. The
light values connote exactly what you want to know.
Dunkelman - And a few of those and you've got it all made and
you know all the circumstances.
Schirra • Cooper will have this very same type of light meter.
Nordberg - You know why I asked this question, Larry, because
we are measuring visible radiation in one channel of the TIROS
satellite which is essentially the same thing as an incident
light meter measuring in one direction and when we compute the
reflected energy from the earth, it always comes out too little
which is the same thing as overexposed pictures.
Schirra - Sure, Sure. It just depends on how much it sees. If it
sees the horizon, it's going to have
some black in there relative
to the bright surface of the earth, so it averages it out.
Shoemaker - I'd like to add some questions of my own to this.
You were over Africa during daylight on part of your flight,
were you not?
Schirra • Oh yes.
Shoemaker • And how about Australia? Were you over there during
daytime at all?
Schirra - No, never having daylight over Australia.
Shoemaker • I am curious as to how much detail you could see on the

===== PAGE 185 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1543, "method": "ocr", "page": 185, "variant": "plain-vision"}
71
ground as to structure. Could you infer anything about it?
Schirra - Amazingly enough I felt I saw every bit of what I see
here. The terrain changes, the rivers - one of the best shots -
this is of course, South America, that's the one I'd like to use
in fact - when I came across South America, here we are, on the
sixth orbit, in this area it was all clouded, and I finally broke
into the clear - in this sense - just before I got to Rio de Janeiro,
and I could see, I think it was the Corono River, I am not sure.
This is about where it started clear again. I could trace that
river out very easily. Just follow it all the way through there.
Roman - To the ocean?
Schirra - No, I could not do that. I thought I could, but at this
point, it's sort of a local sunrise, so you don't have good vertical
lighting on it at this point. Now in Africa, I had vertical
lighting almost. This was almost its local noon when I crossed it.
I would like to have seen this large lake right here almost in the
center of the mass of Africa, and I don't recall seeing it.
O'Keefe - Chad, Chad.
Schirra - Yes, I think this is probably when I was conversing with
Conno and we had quite a bit of discourse about the suit circuit.
O'Keefe - Chad is a very tricky lake anyway. Lots of the reeds in
it, and it is very shallow; I think sometimes it just isn't there,
SO ...
Schirra - I think you just simply get a light reflection off it
possibly. It looked so pronounced here that I wanted to see this
as a check point and had it in mind, and I've forgotten ...

===== PAGE 186 =====
{"alpha_words": 259, "chars": 1526, "method": "ocr", "page": 186, "variant": "plain-vision"}
72
O'Keefe - I think this is swamp and it's very shallow.
Gill - You never would see it then.
Shoemaker - In photographs I've seen from previous flights, both
Glenn's and Carpenter's flights, I think we got some pictures on
Africa, and I was quite interested in these because they begin to
show up the structure, the bedding, etc.
Schirra • Yes, I was looking for this particularly over Africa and
South America because this was supposed to be real prime in transi-
tion on the northwest part of South America which was really a
beauty when you visualize how you hit that with the 6th orbit, and
I didn't have that prerogative either. Yes, when you come down to
it, this was all primed for geologic study, I thought •.. Even
Cuba was hard to see. (Laughter)
Cameron - Did you see anything on the order of craters?
Schirra - No, this is not the map I flew with by the way - sort of
blocked out for specific attention. I frankly was very disappointed
about the cloud cover. I think you've detected that anyway.
That doesn't go too far North and South you are in this tropical
zone which is the cloudiest part of the earth.
Schirra - Yes.
O'Keefe - It is most systematically cloudy. If you can go just a
little further north and south, the chance of getting this weather
will be better, although this would probably always be true, just
as you've said, that most of the earth at any one time will be
cloudy. This belt goes from about 35 degrees North to 35 degrees
south. You didn't quite get an inclination of about 33 degrees.

===== PAGE 187 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1386, "method": "ocr", "page": 187, "variant": "plain-vision"}
73
Schirra - As an example, I was hoping that I could look up at
Japan after retrofire, and I couldn't see it at all. It was
clouded in too.
Tennyson - Japan, this time of year, looks like it would be cloudy.
Nordberg - Particularly at this time of year - this was October, so
that was already in the Northern Hemisphere and should be out of
the tropical convergence zone.
Tennyson - But still Japan by nature is •••. (cloudy)
Schirra - There was quite a bit of weather in the Pacific at that time.
O'Keefe - Still, if he goes 28 degrees N to 28 degrees S, he was in
the tropical convergence zone most of the time. So things aren't
quite as bad as they would appear from this flight.
Shoemaker - The point is that this also is in the area which is
mostly extensive deserts; these are the precise areas where you
would see the geology best.
Schirra - Yes.
O'Keefe • This is 30 North and 30 South -- the deserts are 35
degrees .
Shoemaker - Well, actually the extensive deserts nearly all lie in
(interrupted) . . •
Schirra - Something I'm curious about is, I would like to have some-
body - well there are two ways of doing this - I bet I probably had
water underneath me about 90% of the time.
Cameron - About how much cloud coverage would you estimate? Would
you estimate the amount of the earth that was covered by clouds?
Schirra - I guess I could check this more carefully. I would

===== PAGE 188 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1519, "method": "ocr", "page": 188, "variant": "plain-vision"}
74
estimate it to be about 80 to 90%. When I went over - the United
States was clear east of the Sierra's, but it "sacked in"
(clouded over) again by the time I got to the Gulf of Mexico,
so I just had a small band when you look at this part of the
United States. This is not very much percentage-wise. South
America, I didn't get to until the 5th and 6th orbits, so I was
over water all the other time. The northsic portion of the continent
was cloudy and finally I got into the clear on the 5th and 6 orbits
by the time I'd just left South America. Australia, of course, was
night, so it turned out that there wasn't much I could say about it.
'Other than the fact that it was clouded over too. I saw lightning
as I got to the eastern half of Australia.
Gill - You never saw any large view of water then? In other words,
you didn't see any part of an ocean?
Schirra - No, I expected to have some fun looking at shorelines.
This is what I really wanted to look at, to see if I could see
color contrast and even the Pacific Islands. I had hoped to see the
Hawaiian Islands which would have been a real easy one to pick up,
and I think I had one little glimpse; about as much as if you'd fly
9/10 cumulus structure and you pop one through there. That's about
as much as I had and I couldn't even identify which Island I was
looking at.
O'Keefe - Probably Haleala or else •••
Schirra - Might have even been Hawaii itself, I am not sure, which
is probably the highest of the bunch, and it might have popped up
through it.

===== PAGE 189 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1629, "method": "ocr", "page": 189, "variant": "plain-vision"}
75
O'Keefe - There's a 10,000 foot peak (Haleaki) or Maui.
Dubin • How were you overall set for time? You were up to the
sixth orbit and you had some trouble with your suit, so we found
out. Did you have time to basically do more scientific work
than you had the privilege of doing?
Schirra - I think as we - and this is the trouble with Mercury
because this is just about phasing out - as you get your confidence
in the systems to where you don't need to monitor them as often, yoi
could take time for observation. But you continually, at this stage
of the game, cannot rely on the systems running themselves and so
you keep carefully monitoring these things. This draws your
attention away from, say a five minute observation. The only time
that you could make a lengthy observation would be when you are
under this automatic control when the capsule is maintaining its
attitude for you rather than you trying to maintain it. This is
very hard to do; to maintain a capsule attitude. In that it's a
three-axis motion everytime you make one motion because each one
is influenced by another axis thrusting. So as a result, it gets
quite expensive fuel-wise to point your field of view at an object.
You have to sit there and just steam around like mad to do this.
Gill - Would you say that you ever had as much as five minutes at
a time to look out of the window?
Schirra - Oh, yes. I think I took a fairly long amount of time
for example; observing this particular sunset that's representative
of about three or four minutes. Even then, you keep checking things
to see if what you see is really what you are seeing. For example,

===== PAGE 190 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1507, "method": "ocr", "page": 190, "variant": "plain-vision"}
76
was that really Mercury? Well, I knew it was Mercury just by having
had the opportunity to have Mercury projected on approximate launch
day, so I knew it had to trail the sun, and everytime we ran the
planetarium, we had Mercury projected tracking the sun, on the
same path, of course.
Gill - So it is a great help to know what things are there and where
they are before you take off.
Schirra - Yes. You've got to have most of this stuff in your mind
rather than have to refer to something to remind you of it again.
This is why you can get confused as I was, when I was drifting, as
what star or constellations I was looking at.
Shoemaker • We have one more question. I think this is rather a
trivial one. I don't think we need to dwell on it. Did the moon
interfere with your view at anytime, or did you make use of it in
anyway?
Schirra • I used it liberally, of course, for attitude reference. One
best example, on the third orbit, I was drifting and then restored my
attitude during the night rather than during the daytime. We were
trying to determine whether we could get the attitude back both
daylight and night. Out of the unknown attitude, I first picked up
the horizon which was on the night side, very easily, which then
gave me roll and pitch and then I had no idea which way to go for
yaw. We had no compass •.. whether it would work or not is something
else. I started looking around at this starfield which was not on my
flight path, by far, and finally, Cassiopeia became quite obvious

===== PAGE 191 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1392, "method": "ocr", "page": 191, "variant": "plain-vision"}
77
to me. I said, "Well I, that means I must go left," and as
I came left, I started picking up other stars which became known
to me through the starfield that I had rehearsed. Then the moon
and Venus showed up and that was here.
O'Keefe - It must be very difficult to pick up constellations when
you have a starfield to look at that is as small as through your
window.
Gill - It isn't ••••
Schirra - No, Orion, for example, was not included in the window, so
you might see the belt and that's about it, or maybe one or two others
in the constellation. That's about all. When you see something
like Aldebaran, and the "v" (Hyades in the Constellation Taurus) -
if you just saw that alone, you might very well get trapped,
thinking it was the Pleiades, particularly, if you don't have an
attitude. You know how well, I know you got trapped (turning
to Dr. Gill) when we went into the Planetarium for the first time -
things were inverted for you?
Gill - Oh yes - yes, indeed.
Schirra - When you have an unknown attitude, the star picture is bent
out of shape. You can get into trouble fast.
Nordberg - I had a heck of a time the first time I was in Australia;
it was difficult to recognize anything.
Schirra - Isn't it! Yes and when we aren't changing attitude and
even when
we know the starfield, it's not changing once your'e
seen it on the first orbit. So I was sitting there with the star

===== PAGE 192 =====
{"alpha_words": 242, "chars": 1410, "method": "ocr", "page": 192, "variant": "plain-vision"}
78
chart, bending it around. (Laughter)
Gill - It's very hard to get oriented.
Dubin - Did you or Glenn or Carpenter see any meteors?
Schirra - No, and we were naturally anxious to see them. I
understand some little Japanese boy picked up one recently
(Comet Ikeya). Isn't that right? That was a comet and we were
looking for meteors and comets and we never saw any.
Dubin - And so you never saw any?
Schirra - So I suspect that you have to see the meteors from the
surface of the earth.
Dunkelman - No, again the field of view is too limited.
Schirra - Again the odds are pretty grim. You take this little
window and you project it through 180 degrees, and it's pretty
hard to see anything. That's why I say this lab (lunar module)
is going to be fabulous. It really will ••. That's practically a
bird cage.
Nordberg - How about the brightness of the sky looking as straight
out as possible in the daytime?
Schirra - I have asked Gordon to go ahead and do this again and
concentrate on it.
I did not, but in my recollection, I did not
see anything in the heavens on the daylight side. I think what
did this was the reflections off the window with this smoked over
effect which made it even less visible. This film - back to the
windshield thing - where the smoke is condensed on there - under
the right lighting conditions you can barely see through one of
these things. That's basically what happened there.

===== PAGE 193 =====
{"alpha_words": 265, "chars": 1459, "method": "ocr", "page": 193, "variant": "plain-vision"}
79
Nordberg - How about color? Was it very dark blue?
Schirra - Oh it went from blue to black. Not an appealing
blue by any means •
Dunkelman - Well, really to be fair to an astronaut, one ought to
take a replica of the window and go in the dark room and illuminate
it side-wise with a xenon arc or a solar simulator or something
that will come near it and then look out and see what you can see,
and I am afraid that it is going to be pretty miserable.
Nordberg • It worked well in an experiment.
Dunkelman - I think it should be done •..it's the sort of thing you
should do.
Schirra - We continually do this in airplanes at 50,000 feet in
daylight and the sky is quite dark. It's very dark to you. It
turns out that all this incident light that's reflecting around
this panel - just because its plastic, it feeds light through it
much like a fibre optics system and becomes a glowing panel that
you are looking through here.
O'Keefe - The full moon which is as "black" as •.. yet we all
know that the full moon just about blasts the sky. That means
that if when you are looking out of that window, you see any
object which is illuminated by the sun, and which is as big as
one-inch ten feet away, you've got the equivalent of illumination
by the full moon in terms of you know, disturbing your adaptation.
Schirra - Oh yes.
O'Keefe - Even if it's painted black and of course, you are not
likely to be that lucky •.. you are likely to have some nice, bright

===== PAGE 194 =====
{"alpha_words": 232, "chars": 1398, "method": "ocr", "page": 194, "variant": "plain-vision"}
80
gleaming thing.
Schirra - The only opportunities I had for looking vertically were
during boost and re-entry and a lucky chance while drifting.
O'Keefe - If you are going to observe during the daytime, the whole
window has to be turned so that the window doesn't look at the sun
and so that it doesn't look at anything that looks at the sun and
so that it doesn't look at anything that 1o0ks at something that looks
at the sun.
Schirra - Right.
Tennyson - Otherwise, this would imply that to know with reasonable
exactitude what is being photographed through the window in terms of
spectra or anything like that, you'd not only have to know the trans-
missivity of the window spectrum range by running it value by value
across it, but you would have to know what was on the window and
what the angle, the incident, sunlight and everything else were
because some of this is going to wind up inside on the camera.
Schirra - Right.
Gill - So, you didn't go through the periscope hole, you say?
Schirra - Basically, you were ...
Tennyson - I was talking about these weather bureau pictures
Gill - Oh you were ...
those weather bureau pictures, oh well ...
Schirra - Where we are trapped really is that we can't duplicate
what amounts to being in the bottom of a well.
Tennyson - Well, I understand.
Schirra - That's the whole thing•
Tennyson - This isn't a criticism ... it's just a comment really.

===== PAGE 195 =====
{"alpha_words": 235, "chars": 1410, "method": "ocr", "page": 195, "variant": "plain-vision"}
81
Schirra - That's our liability with the window being on an external
surface. You are that close to the top of the well, so you get
incident light all over the place.
O'Keefe - We don't want to create artificial problems here. That
smoke scum on the window would not really disturb a stella spectrum be-
cause the absorption would be broad hand and would not be confused
with the stellar lines.
Dunkelman - That's right.
Tennyson - I was thinking about the IQSY photographs.
Schirra - Yes, yes.
Tennyson - We are going with the problem of, oh, the ultra violet
and what is going to fog our nimbus pictures so to speak through these
photographs, well, the same still unknown film on this thin (capsule
window) being reflected in sunlight at an unknown altitude through
this window.. when you get through, what I'm saying is it would
be very hard for us to tell from these weather bureau pictures, etc.
(inaudible)
Nordberg - Well, of course, but it's really more an intensity
problem-just brightness rather than spectral-I think spectral is not
too much of a problem, but the fact that it just dims things under
certain angles makes me •.. things that much clearer. But this
experiment you suggested there is a real excellent one (referring
to Dunkelman's.
Schirra - Oh yeah.
Dunkelman - Well, I mean it modifies it even more, makes it better
because you can do the same thing outside at night in clear air -

===== PAGE 196 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1323, "method": "ocr", "page": 196, "variant": "plain-vision"}
82
just look at the night sky and then again, having a low level
source coming up and even if the window is absolutely clean what
happens with these eight reflections.
Schirra • Sure.
Dunkelman - You see, the problem of not letting anything look at
the sun or letting that look at the sun look at this is very important
even with automatic satellites.
Schirra - Well, I'd be very glad to see it (except capsule window)...
Nordberg • Okay, can we get a window?
Schirra - I think we have got enough used capsules around. I think
mine is on its way to South America though (laughter). In fact, its
to be there in three days.
Shoemaker - I wonder if we have one last question. If not, we should
adjourn. Any further questions you'd like to pose to Commander
Schirra?
Dubin - Yes, Commander Schirra, one question, what suggestions do
you have for improving the operation over and above what you have
already mentioned so far? That's not a very nice question.
Schirra - No, you mean, as far as pursuing investigation scientifically
is concerned?
Dubin - Yes.
Schirra - I feel at this point, for example, in Cooper's flight, what
we are really trying to do is to get at least man in space for one
day. We don't dare compromise that because we need to know how
man can hold up for this and we design the capability in the systems.

===== PAGE 197 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1593, "method": "ocr", "page": 197, "variant": "plain-vision"}
83
I admit this is my old pitch, but still he will have a lot of time
to do things.
So he has a number of experiments on his flight and
he definitely will perform these. Now, in my case once I solved the
suit circuit problem, I really didn't have many problems. Frankly,
none to speak of. But, again to conserve the energy to stay in
orbit meaning the control fuel and the electrical power, I had to
throw away control attitudes. Once you try to get a control attitudo
back again, you've got to bring all electrical power back on the line.
You have to use a sizeable chunk of the control fuel. This cost us
dearly with this weight-limited system. The way to get around
this, of course, is to have a larger field of view, since you don't
need to move the vehicle as much, and this is, I can already see,
the first salvation on this and this is the lunar module in earth
orbit. The Gemini has even less field of view than Mercury.
Apollo has possibly as much per man. To get a large field of view
in space the first time, we can do it with the vehicle that
isn't going to re-enter (lunar module) - basically that's what it
amounts to.
Nordberg - I think it's really fantastic that you fellows have
seen what you have seen with such limitations. I think it really
probably is one of the reasons that people like ourselves are used
to just looking at one dial and
we stand in the laboratory and
read one meter.
These fellows are really looking for everything.
Schirra - Well, I think that this is part of what fell out of the
criteria that we were
selected from, and that is the inquisitive mind.

===== PAGE 198 =====
{"alpha_words": 250, "chars": 1419, "method": "ocr", "page": 198, "variant": "plain-vision"}
84
We don't like to let things go on without knowing at what they are;
and you explore them pretty thoroughly, maybe with limited know-
ledge, but at least you try to get it down. I have been fighting
like mad to get this continuous tape recording. This was invaluable
to get answers just like Larry and I and Mrs. Cameron went back and
traced out
some of this like the smog layer. I would have
remembered this, but I probably couldn't have told you when I saw
it without referring back to this continuous tape. This is some-
thing we are not getting.
O'Keefe • It's quite a fascinating thing to listen to these tape
recordings; undergoing this is a tremendous experience. You can
hear what the person is - I think that is a debt to humanity -
that it ought to be done.
Schirra - I've been fighting for it all along. At least, we ought
to be able to store for a period of time and then dump it in fast
time and then retape.
Dunkelman • And with your flight we actually see the beginning of
an interesting turn of events. In the past, people on the ground -
I think we had...
Schirra - Sure.
Dunkelman - Would tell the astronaut what to look for - now in your
case, when you saw this brownish smog thing - here's a case where
you could have said to the ground, "now, you look" now, it seemed
bright enough, so if there were any people on the ground -
Schirra - Unfortunately, I'd left my last point of contact which was

===== PAGE 199 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1319, "method": "ocr", "page": 199, "variant": "plain-vision"}
85
the Indian Ocean Ship.
Dunkelman " Yes, but the point is this is the return, what I'm
trying to get at -- the moment you saw that which no one saw at the
time on the ground is the beginning of a new period which we have
to take advantage of on the next flight.
Schirra - Oh, of course.
Dunkelman - Here's the case where an astronaut can tell the ground,
"Now 1o0k" - "here now", you see.
Schirra - Interestingly enough - it was about that same time when
the Indian Ocean ship saw me.
Dunkelman - Oh, oh, now of course they are in the clouds and ...
Gill - Much more interested (in seeing you) .
Schirra - I didn't know it at that point though.
Nordberg - That lightning case, though •••
Schirra - Yes, I gave them a weather report and they didn't believe
me either. (laughter) They said, "Oh, it's clear here." Well, of
course, I had to look back on a very long slant line to see the
flare, and this was then covered by clouds, well, then, if this
were Woomera, then the cloud structure would go up like this
we'll say, well, I was over here, so I really couldn't see Woomera
at that time. That's how I satisfied myself I never would even
though they had a beautiful clear sky over their station for that
first period.
Tennyson - This is not only great for you, it's great for the
scientific world.
Schirra - It is.

===== PAGE 200 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1542, "method": "ocr", "page": 200, "variant": "plain-vision"}
86
Tennyson - It's good to have somebody else who isn't constrained to
party lines.
Gill - It's a privilege to meet with you, really.
Tennyson - Something that shocks me is that the discussion from
Scott Carpenter and your discussion is the picking out of clues
from about, heaven knows, how many scientific disciplines from
your general experience etc., and integrate them all together and
be able to present them; frankly, I just find this very interesting
that anybody can do that. The wide range of experience.
Schirra - I think it's the opportunities of so many exposures we've
had and we have taken advantage of them, and as an example, we can
have an audience with you people anytime we call, and if we have
questions and this is true throughout the whole program. I can
talk to Von Braun if I'd like to right now. I can talk to a technician
that's working on a nut and bolt on Von Braun's booster right now.
We have this prerogative which is very great for us. We are not
stuck with the disciplines of crossing party lines or anything like
this or going up to the ladder and back down again. We go - we
just take a straight path to where we want to get information. It
is a tremendous opportunity for us, and we try not to abuse it, but
we use it liberally really. I might add that anytime you have a
question, our phones are always available for this kind of thing.
Don't ever think we are incommunicado.
Shoemaker - Good - that's very good, Commander. I'd like to thank
you very much.
Schirra - Sure, I was glad to come by.
THE END

===== PAGE 201 =====
{"alpha_words": 535, "chars": 3229, "method": "ocr", "page": 201, "variant": "plain-vision"}
President
he can observe and make plans
judgments that no instrument Apollo
Glenn,
or animal can accomplish.
tried to
As an example, Douglas said
terious "fi.
that Glenn, on his own initia
held 35-mi
tive, had turned his space-
filled with
Foree
docta
craft around 180 degrees on
tives showed.
his second orbit to see
ible but
they
whether the mysterious "fire- larged for clos
flies" he had noticed on his
perts.
first orbit might be paint or
In
reloading
other particles from his craft.
Douglas said, GI
The astronaut found that the
grip on a film ca
unknown objects
streamed
floated
in front
past his window in the same
weightless flight.
direction as on his first sight-
for it, the tip of t
ing, proving
they were
inde-
it and it "sailed
pendent of the spacecraft.
never
could
get
Scientists here believe
the
again."
still unknown luminous par-
The astronaut r
maes, ed no important red, he had no trouble
to important new
tablets
knowledge of space phenom-
ena. No unmanned satellite or
squeezed
from a
Douglas said
observation from earth had de.
tected anything like this
fore
Glenn reported they were
small,
but as he lacked any
MILK-From
checkpoint, it could be that
the particles were more distant
and larger than he thought.
Similarly, scientists are much
interested
in
the
luminous
haze belt Glenn saw about 7
No Need
For Anti
to 8 degrees above the horizon
over the dark
part
of the
wards year's end
earth Tuesday.
an
Soviet cosmo-
naut Gherman Titov reported again next spring
seeing about the same
thing.
If the estimated level
but there has been no expla to be those actually
nation of it as yet.
These observations, say Mer-
enced, they will still
cury officials, are an answer
below the "permissible
to those who have opposed
els set by Government
sending man into space when
instruments can make obser-
cials.
No Marked Strontium Rise
vations better and cheaper.
Astronaut
Glenn,
himself,
The PHS yesterday also
believes that the most signifi-
ported that radioactive stro
cant technical result of his
tium measurements from Se
flight was to prove the im-
tember
through
Novembe
portance of man as a pilot in
1961, do not "differ material
space travel.
from those found prior to n
"We have piped man aboard
sumption of Russian nuclea
as the pilot of spacecraft." he
weapons tests." Milk sample
said in nautical lingo.
"Now from Washington, for exam
we can get rid of some of that ple,
averaged
seven
micro
automatic equipment."
microcuries per liter during
Much of the weight of the
September and 10 micromiero-
Friendship 7 capsule includes curies during October and No-
duplicating systems put in be-
cause
it
vember.
was
not
known
These figures do not vary
whether man could function in
greatly
from
those reported
a weightless state.
for
other
American
cities
The fact that man
can be
with
the exception
of Port
an active pilot and not largely land,
Ore., which
showed 3
a passenger on a spacecraft micromicrocuries per lite
will have its impact on future during
November.
A PI
Mercury
flights
and
later spokesman said the Portl
CORRECTION
Inadvertently, a price was omitted in Food Fair's a
in this newspaper yesterday.
The Post regre
and publishes the complete listing below:
FRYERS Or WHOLE
BROILERS
lb

===== PAGE 202 =====
{"alpha_words": 55, "chars": 392, "method": "ocr", "page": 202, "variant": "plain-vision"}
some Ensituatues and recomendatim I Warned,
Span Esplacken A lo way the Interumn (156.k7) well
Ld. Cal. Joden IN Gleum Ja.
Recommendatens
Ad lunal support to sitimanto -
- restina.
rest and evaluater of his obscoaten.
Dark adaptatin a fenthu expurmul
Photo lude plotters aul fero dunnion filter -
MASA Admier Cater
- Duel supput 1 aslinind scuntipo team - brance n dennoc
Ag - Program chid -

===== PAGE 203 =====
{"alpha_words": 46, "chars": 270, "method": "ocr", "page": 203, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
lM eno CG amn

Ve mde sonsidadév of [Vtomned Ccceunde fre J jonce Fipbo 1
Fe He vevmy Hh, Dicker 0 uce Oe hay A C Onn S/

S~

PO ae =—

kt lheiibe @ bray ae. i
Laan pr OA — by set A

a NR

‘i

— Pe eet

anne , =

Puetguru cee —_

— Few co Mee

~ dAferel cuca re fey

a

===== PAGE 204 =====
{"alpha_words": 82, "chars": 677, "method": "ocr", "page": 204, "variant": "plain-vision"}
= pin head - do ta 1cm --
= aboard for 3% de demni - from fuse lag14 0f sun.
= adored on all thana (3) o-6.ts
• in lumans fellow gren color (big hotgun = char clowni
= 2Lo meters seperatos
= velocity den the field. da 5 master/in.!
- солу чес
= mot mater ule plass a crystal from hydrogen get,
Type
O Obamaation auditions
@ Geometrical andacademi
@ Velocity estameta - Gases- - Velay distribution
• Span aseft sounce-
(Repeated ascradecis fe suresour occida)
@Matural envimmant.
- untmale -
- пидвоя
- sateche saraserians
→ eccentric-onculas undercaten
Comet theong-
- melenrora - granty-edcaistador
- plane 1 denting
Furthes expermanito
• observatens
- controlled released.
-

===== PAGE 205 =====
{"alpha_words": 4, "chars": 33, "method": "ocr", "note": "low-confidence/possibly image-only page", "page": 205, "variant": "clean-vision"}
- IR
U.V. carness
- light meter.

===== PAGE 206 =====
{"alpha_words": 92, "chars": 692, "method": "ocr", "page": 206, "variant": "plain-vision"}
- blenn
10 - 15 sumi mormel dask adaptatior
>22% wundow rut doure
- dayduse adans. > musi a daprationo
- сла-
~* <=- nocadoo 30°
- Sum not to Gaudig — coved lookatut.
lary clan bullants nolte lagat → a lela anc l, 4t
Suur t
= baand band on adranplc - uit 60 and -
tarlaw-naya blu - black.
Hoz 5 mul
-sem janes ley stuaz - a t d auper X
- twer suo-godiasd Eglts -
- subarcarma .
- bage layer-
star
dims - then - Gugah-
land- 6 L8° aboe the honeyni
- alant 2 'nide
~ aland leff whits- beise,
%u laec- drift rat- ? spittery turustes
uu no aviglow lend -
"roucs sce sylfing!
- discma drentico - un deslight anch.
-probatly wiethe lawlh up
?. 1s0 lp- gran band. ?* faun-~ Guse
LESON
pr.u
Woordest

===== PAGE 207 =====
{"alpha_words": 32, "chars": 227, "method": "ocr", "page": 207, "variant": "clean-vision"}
Mondhny
- NU
H6 -
RDz and, compooitem A.
and,, nTT- aus Al
Ho Ar porn 50% Putassun pere Clsete 30% Baruum mutrate
50 km tu 150 km
6 n27 rochets
~ Ld
# Dycz
DueGia
13 -
duntl
1 м/
HASA →
Eut ut - bant E - sust
- Jume 1
~ Wester

===== PAGE 208 =====
{"alpha_words": 51, "chars": 304, "method": "ocr", "page": 208, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-almany a same dare toni
~ som seemit to flow arout,
- ver
My aloady li, ct
- jellow green
-no end Lo then -un eel ducteris
- whet- pent wendow - pree of cotten
nace saved at same spud -
rollate apheroid
- far fever - dooken durned around
would see - about minutes
same mumker each dam. -
deunty - same.

===== PAGE 209 =====
{"alpha_words": 585, "chars": 3854, "method": "ocr", "page": 209, "variant": "plain-vision"}
"Meteors" (4 Symposium on Meteor Physics): Special Supplement (Vol. 2) to J. Atmosph. Terr. Phys. (1955)
Meteor Ionization in the E-region •
MAURICE DUBIN
Air Force Cambridge Research Center, U.S.A.
ABSTRACT
The theories of meteoric interaction with the atmosphere have been reviewed to determine the total
contribution
by meteors to the ionization content
of the
E-region.
From Herlofson's theoretical
treatment of this interaction, and Watson's distribution of the size and numbers of meteoric particles
entering the atmosphere per day, the number of electrons produced at various altitudes in the E-region
was computed.
These computations indicated that most of the ionization at higher altitudes resulted
from meteors of large visual magnitude. Since, as Whipple has shown, the ablation process would probably
not occur in the case of micrometeorites because of heat loss by radiation, the collisión processes for
ionization were reviewed; it seems that the ionization process is mainly a function of the relative energy
of the collision, and therefore ablation prior to ionization would not be required for small particles.
Using the value (of GreEnhow and HaWkINs, 1952) for the efficiency of the ionization process and the
recently revised value for the amount of meteoric material entering the atmosphere per day, the rate of
production of electrons was found to be 20 electrons/ce sec.
From this value and the recombination
coefficients in the E-region, the equilibrium electron density in the E-region was found to be between
2 x 104 and 7 x 104 electrons/cc.
It is therefore proposed that the night-time value for the electron
density in the E-region results from meteoric bombardment, and that sporadie E is caused by the same
process on the assumption that the distribution of meteoric particles in space is non-isotropic and
contains centres of high density.
Perhaps, also, the interaction of charged micrometeorites with the
earth's magnetic field, may be considered as a mechanism for the production of magnetic storms.
1. INTRODUCTION
METEORS, as commonly known, are extra-terrestrial particles of only a few milli-
grams, which enter the earth's atmosphere at relatively high velocities. In their
interaction with the air, they are vaporized by the heat generated and are respon-
sible for the emission of light and production of ions along the meteor trail. The
major portion of the kinetic energy of the meteoric particles is absorbed in the
altitude region between 80 and 120 km. It is attempted below to consider whether
the integrated effects of this meteoric interaction might contribute to the structure
of the E-region.
2. THEORY
HERLOFSON (1948) has constructed a model for the interaction of meteoric particles
with the atmosphere. It is assumed that in the region of meteoric flash, the mean
free path of the molecule is much greater than the radius of the meteor. Under
such conditions, the front surface of the meteor is bombarded by single air mole-
cules and the major portion of them is trapped in the metal surface. The kinetic
energy relative to the meteor which is given up to the meteor suffices to bring the
temperature to that of evaporation. The meteor atoms evaporate off the meteor
(ablation) with velocities appropriate to the temperature and the relative velocity
of the meteor with respect to the air.
From consideration of the physical interaction of the meteor with the air mass,
using the differential form of the conservation of energy and momentum, HERLOFSON
determined the equation for the rate of evaporation at any point along the trail.
n = "Пта(p/pmax) [1 - *(p/pmаx)]
(1)
where nmax = 7 × 1023 ro3 = the maximum rate of evaporation.
p = the pressure at any point along the trail.
"max = 4 × 10-2 r∞ = pressure along the trail where Nmax occurs.
ro the initial radius of the meteoric particle.
11l

===== PAGE 210 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1658, "method": "ocr", "page": 210, "variant": "plain-vision"}
112
MAURICE DUBIN
Since the velocity distribution of meteors is over the range from 10 to 70
km/sec, for the purpose of computation an average velocity of 40 km/sec was used.
Pmax and nmax were determined accordingly.
From equation (1) and WATsoN's (1941) estimate for the number and size
distribution of meteors entering the earth's atmosphere Table I was computed.
The computation has been made for three altitudes, 85 km, 100 km, and 115 km,
using the following rocket pressures:
Altitude (km)
Pressure (mm of Hg)
Number density of
air molecules (em-3)
85
100
115
4 × 10-3
4 × 10-4
4 × 10-5
1014
1013
1012
Thus equation (1) becomes
7 × 1023
4 × 10-22202/1 -
1030)
N85
=1.6 X 102302(1 - 300 co
m00 = 1.6 X 102 3 (1 - 3 × 10%г.)
M115=1.6 X 1021021-
× 103% 0
The number of electrons per em of path becomes, from HERLOFSON (1948),
n x 10-2
• × 10-8
n. cm-1 =
- = -
From Table I it is evident that the number of electrons for a shell of 1 em
thickness over the surface of the earth, resulting from meteors, is 1020 electrons
per day at 85 km produced mainly from meteors of visual magnitudes 1 to 4,
about 1020 electrons per day at 100 km with the major contribution for visual
magnitudes 6 to 15, and again about 1020 electrons per day at 115 km from mag.
7 to 20. The number of electrons produced per em of path per cm? per sec at these
three altitudes is thus 1020/(4.4 x 1023) = 2 x 10-4 electrons per cm3
per
second.
Now according to HErLOrsoN, the kinetic energy of a typical meteor is divided
in the ratio 104: 102: 1 for the production of heat, light, and ionization, respec-
tively. These values were used in the computation of Table I. However, from

===== PAGE 211 =====
{"alpha_words": 83, "chars": 1703, "method": "ocr", "page": 211, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Table I. Calculation of the number of electrons produced per cm of path per meteor and per twenty-four hours as a function of visual magnitude.
(number in upper right is power of 10)
Visual
magnitude
Observed
No. of
meteors
- 3
2
HOMEO →1O
2-8+4
7-1+4
1•8+5
4•5+5
1-1+6
2-8+6
6•4+6
9-0+6
3-6+6
2
0
25
30
True
No.
2-8+4
7•1+4
1•8+5
4•5+5
1-1+6
2•86
7-16
1-87
4•57
1•18
2-88
7•18
1-89
4-59
4•511
4•513
4-515
4-517
Mass, g
1•6
6•3-1
2-5-1
1•0-1
4-0-2
1-6-2
6•3-3
2-5-3
1•0-3
4•0-4
1-6-4
6•3-5
2-5-5
2-5-7
2-5-9
2-5-11
2-5-13
Radius
cm
6•5-1
4•83-1
3•54-1
2-60-1
1•92-1
1•41-1
1-04-1
7•6-2
5•6-2
4•12-2
3-03-2
2-24-2
1•65-2
1•21-2
2-6-3
6-0-4
1•21-4
2-6-5
Height = 85 km
No. of
atoms
evap.
cm-1
6-022
3-022
1-7222
8-321
4-021
1•8621
8-020
2-920
8•019
9-1718
1-4618
No. of
electrons
n, cm-1
Total No. of
electrons
n, cm-1
1•514
7•513
4-313
2•113
1-013
4-6512
2-012
7•2511
2-011
2-4310
3-659
4-218
5-3218
7-7318
9-518
1•119
1•3019
1-4219
1-3019
9-018
2-718
1-0218
Height = 100 km
No. of
atoms
em-1
6-721
3-721
2-121
1-121
5-620
3-120
1-620
8•519
4•419
2-319
1-1519
5•7518
2-8218
1-2018
(1-0816)
n, cm-1
Total
ne cm-1
1-6813
9-2512
5-2512
2-7512
1-412
7•7511
4-011
2•1311
1•111
5-7510
2-8810
1-4410
7-19
3-09
2-77
4•717
6-5617
9-4517
1-2518
1•5418
2-1718
2-8418
3-8418
4-9518
6-3218
8-0518
1-0219
1-2719
1-3519
1-2119
Height = 115 km
No. of
atoms
per em
6-720
3-720
2-120
1•120
5•819
3-219
1-719
9-218
5-018
2-718
1-4618
7-817
4-217
2-1617
8.215
1-1614
n, em-1
1•6812
9•211
5•311
2•811
1•4511
8-010
4•310
2-310
1-310
6-89
3-79
1-969
1-069
5•48
2-057
2-95
Total
n, cm-1
4-716
6-616
9-516
1•2517
1-6017
2-2417
3-017
4-117
5•617
7•417
1•0218
1-3918
1•9118
2•418
9•218
1-3019
Meteor ionization in the E-region
113

===== PAGE 212 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 3600, "method": "ocr", "page": 212, "variant": "plain-vision"}
114
MAURICE DUBIN
consideration of long-duration meteor echoes it has been suggested that the electron
density in the trail is greater than the critical density for the radio wavelengths
employed in probing meteors, and has led to a revision of the Herlofson ratios for
the production of heat, light, and ionization. GREENHOW and HAWKINS (1952)
thereby found that a meteor of visual magnitude +6 would produce approxi-
mately 1012 electrons per centimetre of path. This is one hundred times greater
than HERLOrsON's estimates, and leads to a discrepancy of roughly five stellar
magnitudes between his theoretical estimate and the experimental determination
of electron-line density in meteor trails. GreenHow and HaWkiNs conclude that
meteors produce more ionization than was originally estimated. Instead of the
kinetic energy of the meteor being divided between heat, light, and ionization in
the ratio 104: 102: 1, the ratios are probably 104: 102: 10 for bright meteors, and
104: 10: 10 for faint meteors. These revised estimates imply that the visual
magnitudes corresponding to an echo of given characteristics is about five magni-
tudes fainter than given by HERLOrSON. This means that the majority of echoes
of short duration must arise from meteors which are below the limits of naked-eye
visibility, and conversely, that all visible meteors must produce radio echoes of
long duration—a well-known observational fact.
A further consideration in the model of HERLOFSON is the fact that unmelted
meteorites have been found on the surface of the earth. WHIPPLE (1950, 1951)
has shown that the micrometeorite, if below a certain size, can dissipate the
energy gained sufficiently rapidly to permit these particles to be stopped by the
atmosphere without melting. Recalling that the Herlofson model required that
ablation of the meteorite was the initial step in the production of light and
ionization, this point warrants some discussion. GreEnHow and HAWKINS
(1952) have indicated that for radio meteors the amount of light produced is
correspondingly reduced for small meteoric particles but the relative ionization is
not reduced, but rather is generally larger than indicated by HErLorsoN's treatment.
It seems worthwhile to review briefly the physical process involved in the
interaction of a micrometeorite with the atmosphere. Since it is not believed that
ablation results for these very small particles, one might question whether or not
the ionization efficiency would become correspondingly poorer. The physical
problem is one of considering a collision of the micrometeorite with a molecule or
atom ot air, with the relative energy of collision in the range trom 10 to 800 ev.
The mean tree path of the air is much greater than the diameter of the miero-
meteorite, and thus the problem may be treated by kinetic theory rather than
fluid dynamics.
There are several processes which might occur: (1) An elastic collision of a
molecule of air with the micrometeorite would yield a molecule with a velocity
capable of ionizing. (2) An inelastic collision of a molecule of air with the micro-
meteorites such that the air molecule enters the surface of the micrometeorite, and
thereby heats the micrometeorite and also forms a "monolayer" on the surface;
such molecules if not chemically bonded to the surface might very easily evaporate
off the surface with the velocity high enough for ionization. (3) Secondary ioniza-
tion from collisions with a surface. (4) Attachment to oxygen by the collision and
the eventual addition of a free electron to the atmosphere; and (5) sputtering of

===== PAGE 213 =====
{"alpha_words": 564, "chars": 3600, "method": "ocr", "page": 213, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Meteor ionization in the E-region
115
the micrometeorite and the subsequent ionization by the freed particle. Experi-
mental information on collisions of neutral particles and the resulting excitation
and ionization is very limited. Much of the available information is contained in
MASSEY and BURHOP (1952).
Although the ionization efficieney is much greater for electrons than for heavy
ions, as long as the ion energy is greater than the threshold value for ionization,
the possibility of ionization exists. For example. a recent technique for obtaining
velocities for neutral particles near the range of meteor velocities is the shock-tube
method of ResLEr et al. (1952). It was found that the extent of ionization as a
function of Mach number was rather large. In the case of argon at Mach 18,
argon at 1 cm of Hg pressure was 50 per cent ionized. Mach 18 corresponds to a
linear velocity of 18 × 0-350 = 6 km/sec, somewhat less than meteor velocities.
For this low velocity there also was a highly luminous region associated with the
shock fronts in both argon and air.
BERRy et al. (1942) investigated the ionization of gases by collisions of their
own accelerated molecules.
They found that the onset energies observed for such
ionization were roughly only three times the ionization potentials of the atoms.
They also concluded that in the range of speeds for argon between 48 eV to 1,000 eV,
relatively little change had occurred in the kinetic energy delivered to the newly
formed argon ion, and therefore it seemed unlikely that the mechanism of ionization
was one involving a transfer of kinetic energy. Also at energies of about 2,000 eV
the cross-section for ionization of argon was greater than for N, by only a factor
of 2. In fact the arrangement of the cross-sections for ionization in decreasing
order was found to be A, Na, Ha, and He.
An estimate of the order of magnitude may be determined (for a few of the
reactions) from MAsSEY and BurHoP. Although most experiments have been
made with positive ions, it seems that the cross-section for ionization in the case
of neutral atoms is at least the same order, but usually somewhat higher.
The secondary emission coefficient for surfaces, y, is the number of ejected
electrons per incident positive ion. Some observers have found a higher value of
y for surfaces which oxidize readily, implying that higher values arise from the
oxide layer. Parrow and WALCHEr (1938) reason that since the electron emission
cannot depend much on the work function of the adsorbed atoms, in the case of a
monolayer of oxygen on caesium, it would follow that the extra electron emission
came from the absorbed layer itself. The value of y for the low-energy range in
the case of mierometeorites and based on positive ion bombardment would
probably be in the range from 0-02 to 0-5. Allowing for an energy absorption of
10 eV for a secondary electron, these coefficients are in themselves sufficient to
give a ratio of kinetic energy absorbed in ionization for 200 eV of better than 103: 1.
Negative ions have been found to result from the impact of positive ions on
surfaces. ArnoT and MILLIGAN (1936) have estimated that for incident Hgt ions
of about 200 eV energy, about 10-3 Hg ions were formed per incident ion. For
neutral oxygen atoms and molecules which also form negative ions, this ratio
could very well be higher. Positive ions incident on surfaces may be reflected
without neutralization, although it is generally felt that an ion on striking a wall
becomes neutralized. For rare gas ions incident on nickel, the reflection coefficient

===== PAGE 214 =====
{"alpha_words": 516, "chars": 3322, "method": "ocr", "page": 214, "variant": "plain-vision"}
116
MAURICE DUBIN
found by HEALEA and HOUTERMANS (1940) was in the range from 0-2 to 0.05 for
ions of He, Ne, and A at about 400 eV.
The impact of ions on a solid surface results also in a process known as sputtering,
wherein atoms or clusters of atoms are ejected from the surface as a result of
impact. The threshold for sputtering is of the order of 40 eV, and most values
given for rate of sputtering lie between 1 and 10 gm/amp hour.
For incident ions
at 200 eV the sputtering rate would probably fall to one-third this range of values.
For a surface containing atoms of mass number 60, one gram per ampere hour is
equivalent to approximately 0-5 sputtered atoms per incident ion. Thus the
sputtering rate for metallie meteorites might be of the order of one atom per
incident air particle and possibly higher for stony meteorites.
Basically, for all these processes the important parameter for ionization is the
relative velocity. The relative amount of energy absorbed by ionization should
not be different, whether or not ablation of the meteoric particle occurs. Because
of the long-mean-face path of air compared to the size of the meteoric particle, the
air particles must act independently of each other, Effectively the cross-section
for ionization might increase during evaporation, but this is equivalent to increas-
ing the air density to allow for a larger number of collisions. Indeed, one may, as
a gross estimate, expect that on the average a fixed percentage of the kinetic
energy absorbed by the air is transmitted into ionization with an efficiency given
by GrEEnHow and HawkINs' correction of HErLOrSON's treatment.
Recently WHIPPLE (1952) has investigated the amount of meteoric material
entering the earth's atmosphere. From experiments of BURNIGHT, and Born and
NaDIg, using rockets; CrozIER and SEELY on air pollution; VAN DE HuLsT and
ALLeN by observations of zodiacal light and eclipses, and PETTERSSON and ROTSCHI
from observation of deep-sea sediments containing nickel: WHIPPLe noted that
data from these methods generally agree as to order of magnitude of the amount
of material falling into the earth's atmosphere. From this, the frequency of small
meteoric bodies
encountering the earth's atmosphere should exceed the older
estimates based on meteors and meteorites (WATSON's) by a factor of possibly
104. The result is perhaps 103 tons or more per day on the entire earth.
Earlier the value for the number of electrons formed per ce/sec was found to
be 2 × 10-4 electrons per ce/sec, based on WatsoN's estimates and HERLOrSON'S
theory. Since GreenHow has indicated that HErrorsoN's value should be
increased by a factor between 102 and 10, and the number of micrometeorites
should be increased by a factor of 104 to 103
, the rate of production of electrons
should be multiplied by a factor of about 10°, giving an average production rate
of electrons of twenty electrons per ce.
Having determined roughly the rate of production of electrons, the rate of
disappearance of electrons must be considered in order to calculate the equilibrium
electron density. The rate of loss of electrons along the meteor trail is given by
Where D is the diffusion coefficient, a the recombination coefficient, y is the
coefficient of attachment, no is the neutral atomic or molecular density, and n is

===== PAGE 215 =====
{"alpha_words": 449, "chars": 3268, "method": "ocr", "page": 215, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Meteor ionization in the E-region
117
now the electron density. For small particles, where the number of electrons
formed per centimetre of path is small, the diffusion term is predominant, and the
train quickly decreases to the equilibrium electron density, which is thus given by
an? = rate of production of electrons.
The effective recombination coefficient for the E-region is a(02) ~ 5. 10-8
em? sec-!, when O, is present, and a(O) ~ 4 × 10-° cm* sec-l if oxygen has been
dissociated. Thus n is approximately equal to 7. 104 and 2. 104 in the upper and
lower E-region, respectively.
3. CONCLUSIONS
The above is applicable to three effects in the E-layers. First, the diurnal variation
of the E-layer is found to agree fairly well with the (cos x)* law for the variation
of the simple Chapman region (x is the zenith angle of the sun). The variation is
found to be almost symmetrical with reference to the maximum at noon (MITRA,
1952). However, with the accepted value of the recombination coefficient, the
E-layer ionization at night should fall to a very low value. The residual ionization
density as observed is much greater than it should be. It is therefore suggested
that this night-time value results from the bombardment of micrometeorites.
Secondly, measurements of effective electron density obtained by rockets
(LIEN et al., 1953) indicated that a bifurcation, or two maxima, in electron density
were present in the E-region. It is suggested that one maximum results from solar
radiation, the other from micrometeoric bombardment.
And finally, it is proposed that the sporadic E-clouds of ionization result from
micrometeorites. Although some correlation with meteor showers is found, the
major portion of the ionization results from micrometeorites with a fine structure
undetectable by radio probing. The cloud-like structure of the E-layer very
possibly results from clouds of micrometeorites. The amount of micrometeorites,
the penetration depth, the ionization efficiency, and the distribution of the micro-
meteorites are all consistent with the conditions required for such an explanation.
Granted the laboratory evidence for the ionization process is not adequate, but
the general physical reasoning based on ionization density measurements by radio
methods of lower visual magnitude meteorites leads to an order of magnitude that"
seems very promising.
In conclusion, it may be possible also to relate the meteoric bombardment of
the upper atmosphere to the high-latitude magnetic storms and aurorae. For this
process it is necessary that sufficient photoelectric effect from solar ultraviolet
radiation be present to charge the micrometeorites and thereby allow some control
by the earth's magnetic field. This investigation will be described elsewhere.
REFERENCES
ARNOT, F. L., and MILLIGAN, J. C. (1936) Proc. Roy. Soc. A 156, 538
BERRY,
H. W. (1942) Phys. Rev. 62, 378
BERRY, H. W., VARNEY, R. H., and NEWBERRY, S. (1942) Phys. Rev. 61, 63
GREENHow, J. S., and HAWKINs, G. S. (1952) Nature, Lond. 170, 355
HEALEA, M. and HoUTERMANs, C. (1940) Phys. Rev. 58, 608
HERLOrsoN, N. (1948) Phys. Soc. Rep. Prog. Phys. 11, 444
LIEN, J. R., MARcOU, R. J., ULwIck, J. C., McMorrow, D. R., BLUNDrOrD, L., and HAYcock, O. C.
(1953) Phys. Rev. 92, 508

===== PAGE 216 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 508, "method": "ocr", "page": 216, "variant": "plain-vision"}
118
MAURICE DUBIN
MASSEY, H. S. W., and BuRHoP, E. H. S. (1952) Electronic and Ionic Impact Phenomena (Oxford,
MITRA, S. K. (1952) The Upper Atmosphere (The Asiatic Soc., Calcutta)
PAErow, H. and WALCHER,
W. (1938) Zeits. f. Phys. 110, 69
E. L., SHoo-CHI LIN, and KANTROWITZ, A. (1952) J. Appl. Phys. 23, 1390
WATSON, F. (1941) Between the Planets, Pp. 140-177 (Blakiston)
F. L. (1950) Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. (U.S.A.) 36, 687; (1951) Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. (U.S.A.) 37,
19; (1952) Bull. Amer. Met. Soc. 33, 13
