{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-05 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498406","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60780","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5043,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/406/mufon-5498406.json","updb_database_id":5498406}
{rjl} Two bizarrely shaped dark objects, flying in front of moon, emitting red/orange sparks, five minutes apart, both seemed to

After looking through my telescope at the moon for some time, I started noticing a strange dark object flying in front of the moon. The moon was now at least 30 degrees in the sky. I had the moon zoomed in, I;m not sure how many times. (I think it was 45 times, with nearly full moon filling up most of the view through the eyepiece. Although I couldn't tell the object's exact elevation, I had a "sense", or I perceived the object to be at an elevation considerably higher than that of civil aircraft. The object looked to move at about the same speed as a jet would look like through the telescope. With this in mind, I theorized that the object would need to be moving at a speed of at least about 600 mph, perhaps at thousands of miles per hour. As I tracked the object with my telescope, I watched the object pass in front of the side of the moon that was not sunlit. I could still see the object because it was darker than the surrounding sky. (Although the sky was cloudless, it still glowed due to light from the moon or lights, etc.) It's shape was bizarre, unlike any craft that I know of. It's edges looked straight. It didn't look symmetric. It looked like a jumbled up pile of random shapes randomly thrown on each other in no particular order. I think it may have had curved edges on it as well, but I'm not sure. The shape didn't change, spin, rotate, etc. I observed the object until it passed in front of the "edge" of the moon. As it seemed to pass in front of the "edge" of the moon, I tried keeping track of it but I lost it for approximately half a second. It seemed to change color so quickly that I wasn't able to notice, making itself the same color as the sky. In other words, it seemed to "disappear". I didn't see it change color but I concluded that something like this happened because I couldn't see it anymore. I think there was a pause of less than a second after it "disappeared", but I couldn't quite tell because all of this was happening quickly for me. Although the object was invisible, I kept track, as though the object was till moving on its flight path, to see if the object might reappear. Then I observed something in place of the object! Sparks appearing, glimmering, and disappearing! It was incredible how far away looked! It was like watching a massive explosion from tens of miles away!
I didn't get my camera because I was afraid I wasn't going to get back on time to record the object, but that would have been an incredible view if I were to record it! After the object was gone, I kept observing the moon. Five minutes later, I observe the same event! This time I observed the object more closely. Sure enough, it looked like an object in orbit. This object flew in front of the "edge" of the moon, and did the same thing. I may have increase the magnification of the telescope at this time, but anyways I was able to have a more detailed look. As I looked closer at the object, I noticed it's dull, nonreflective, and solid. As I looked more carefully at what exactly was happening to the object as it "disappeared", I noticed the sparks were actually burning debris being ejected from the object, and flying in patterns, in what I would call "streams". It was similar to how certain kinds of fireworks shells look like when they explode, or when a rocket or space vehicle disintegrates. I did not see any projectiles coming towards any of the objects to blow them down. The color of the sparks was mostly bright white, and I think there were some sparks with hues of yellow/orange/red in them. I don't remember any more details at the moment, but if I do, I will send them in. Overall, I don't remeber much about the sighting because I was in such suspense. I would describe it as a mysterious experience and after the sighting I was still mesmerized about how I felt during the sighting. In other words, I was part of something mysterious that was happening, and I'm experiencing it myself, and I wondered, was there anyone else who observed the same thing? I am now inspired to keep observing the night sky because I know there are mysterious things to be seen that happen in the night sky, you just have to keep observing. I wish I could dedicate the rest of my life to observing the night sky every night and I Hope to see more of these objects!
