{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-03 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493406","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66109","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2721,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/406/mufon-5493406.json","updb_database_id":5493406}
{jpg} Triangle object with three lights thats rotated once and continued in a straight liine followed by a plane with standard lights

Well i feel crazy doing this and hope you all can tell me that I am. I live in New Port Richey Florida approximately 30 miles north of MacDill Air Force Base in Tampa Florida. I hope you all can verify that maybe the military had a training flight of a stealth bomber north from MacDill Air Force Base. tonight. The avent started by hearing a low flying plane twice over our house. Wondering what the plane was doing I stepped outside looked directly above my head and first saw a typical large military plane with three lights across the bottom and one in the front with the red blinking light in the middle. I looked slightly left and noticed a object triangle shaped three lights quiet that rotated in front of the plane and continued to fly in a straight path. Kind of stunned I ran inside to grab my phone hollered at my son to come outside hurry when we got back outside both myself my son my mother could see two objects one with no flashing lights followed by another with flashing lights which was the plane. unfortunately I felt that a picture or video would do nothing as the two were too far away.I have no idea if MacDill has been doing testing flights or training flights with a stealth bomber but I have never in 45 years seen this before. I was so shocked by what I saw I even text my oldest son and then called him. I told him what I saw and he said are you sure I said well I have goosebumps all over my whole body and feel crazy but I know I saw it.I've seen high flying military jets low flying military jets and helicopters and planes. I've seen planes coming in and out from every direction to Tampa International Airport I still have no idea what I saw tonight.I feel crazy I don't know if anyone else has reported seeing this but maybe you all could check into it. Thanks. as I have read further in posting this I am a very good artist I would be more than willing to draw a picture of what I saw if that does any good I don't think it would but if you need it I will.
