{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-08 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530406","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2246,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/406/mufon-5530406.json","updb_database_id":5530406}
Bright Orange light in sky bigger than any star.

I was travelling south on the M6 south of Carlisle, approaching Shap at about 11:30 pm on Sunday the 8th Aug. I saw a bright orange light some distance in front of me in the sky. I pointed it out to my partner who is a sceptic and doesn1t believe that she has ever seen a UFO. In fact because of her profession she is very level headed and is trained to look for logical explanation.
As I drove south my partner observed it as I was keeping my eyes on the road. I was aware of the light passing to my right hand side as the motorway bent to the left. From what I could see, the light was much brighter than any star and about 1 to 1 mile away. I could estimate this because of the way it changed position in relation to the moving car. The height must have been somewhere between 400 to 1000 feet in the air. After we had observed it for several minutes we lost sight of it behind us. I quizzed my partner as to what it looked like and she agreed that it was a very bright star like object orange in colour. She then went on to say that it was like a cross or had spikes coming off it. It was hard to say whether these were physical spikes or just the way the light looked. I have also seen recent reports from a similar area (Carlisle) on the ufo-uk site describing orange objects with three spikes coming off them.
If anyone else has seen this object in the area or elsewhere then please reply to this post. My partner found it impossible to give a rational explanation of the object as she said it was too high for a balloon or kite and had no strobe or directional lights which an aircraft might. Very strange!
