{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-06 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500406","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58701","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/406/mufon-5500406.json","updb_database_id":5500406}
{nd} Saw craft appear seemingly out of nowhere, fly slow like a plane and then as it went east a blue ball of light appeared behind it, and then it was gone

I was just sitting in the attic in my garage playing a keyboard that sits in front of a large window. I stopped playing to look at the sky when I noticed I could see the moon in daylight. I had read before in internet forums that shining a colored laser out the window might potentially signal UFO craft. As a joke I took a cheap laser I use with my cats (ones specified in the forums have to be a lot more powerful) and pulsed the laser on and off in the sky just right of the moon. I did this for maybe 5 seconds. As I was looking out the window, I noticed a long white craft moving across the sky from right to left. Thinking it was an airplane I immediately put the laser down, as I don't want to be that guy who gets arrested for shining a laser at an airplane. It first appeared to the far right of where I flashed the laser in the sky. It was bright white, and depending on exactly how far it was from me when I saw it, it appeared to be around 100 feet long. 
  My immediate first assumption was that it was a plane and that I just didn't see it coming into view, but I could not see any wings or details (including the tail) that I can typically see as planes fly by around here. It flew at speeds similar to that of a commercial airliner, and drifted across the sky. As it continued to head further east, a large electric-blue ball of light formed right behind it and then it was completely gone. Not a cloud in the sky, and at the speed it was travelling it should have been easy to see for at least another 3 minutes given its current path and my position. I was shocked, I don't believe that kind of stuff when I come across it on the internet, I never imagined it would lead to me seeing something. There's no way to say that it wasn't just a coincidence but this was all very strange for me nonetheless.
