{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521406","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5308,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/406/mufon-5521406.json","updb_database_id":5521406}
Cloaked being floated out of tree for about 50ft., stopped above water and pixelated away.

This occurred almost 2 years ago but I just found out about this webpage today and feel that this is something significant and needs to be shared. It was about 12:15am at my moms house in May of 2010. Me being the night owl that I am was up reading and then went out in the backyard to have a cigarette. My moms backyard had a kids playset/treehouse from the previous owners that was made of a wood base with plastic climbing "rocks" to get up into the treehouse. It overlooked a nice sized pond which the rock steps were facing where I loved to sit on at night and gaze out at the sky. It was a beautiful clear night with bright stars, no breeze, no clouds and just the right temperature to enjoy myself in. So there I was in deep thought enjoying by now my second cigarette. I was about halfway through with it and had been sitting there for about 10 minutes now when for no reason known to me, I took my eyes off of the sky and looked over at my neighbors tall, bushy tree. About 2 seconds after focusing my attention on the tree, a floating, cloaked being emerged. It was completely black with a hood and it covered everything from its arms to its feet. Its body was just like a human from what I could see (imagine a person in a grim reaper costume floating in the air). I was watching it from a side angle so I never saw a face, and also couldnt see a hand, or foot; it was fully cloaked. I would guess it to be 5.5 ft., but its hard to say since I was watching it from the ground and it was in the air. It moved from the tree at a steady rate of maybe 2mph and kept the same height as the mid-length of the tree which it came from until it neared the edge of the pond; there, it descended while maintaining the same speed until it was about 15 feet above the pond and about 50 feet from the edge. There it stopped movement, pixelated away and was gone. I say pixelated because it didn't just disappear. It was like the pixels on a tv set one by one going away so that I could still see it gradually disappearing. And that was it. I sat there for a few seconds kind of in awe but I didn't have a lot of emotion. I had the same blank feeling as I watched it too. I wasnt scared, I wasnt excited either. I just watched it without any thought. I got up, threw down my cigarette, went inside and called my boyfriend. He got pretty excited as I told him and asked all sorts of questions. It wasnt until then I got a little frightened being the only one awake in the house. I stayed on the phone for a while and wouldnt go back outside that night and for a couple of weeks afterwards (unless someone was with me). I havent seen it since.
The strange thing I have to add here is that when I was in 9th grade living in NC, I went through a nerve-wrecking experience that continued for about 30 days where there was something in my room at night (maybe 12 out of the 30 days) when Id go to bed. My room was upstairs and like its own suite with a full bed, bath, living area, workout room, etc. that I had all to myself. It had 4 skylights, 2 in each main room. Soon after turning out the lights, there would be a hooded being EXACTLY like the one Im mentioning now that would settle around the corner of my bedroom. So, I couldnt see it directly, but I knew its precise location, movement, and figure (a black, cloaked being) as if I could see through the wall but I wasnt "looking" through the wall...its hard to explain. It knew I knew it was there too. It seemed to communicate telepathically but it wouldnt let me know what it was thinking and it knew that I knew that, if that makes any sense. It seemed to just be observing me. I would get so frightened after a few minutes that I would "fly" out of bed and down the stairs. Id wake my parents often but they could only try to comfort me and say its my imagination and I spent many nights sleeping on the living room couch. That month or so effected my sleep to a point that I missed some school from being too tired resulting in my parents concern for my well-being. They took me in to talk to a therapist. The therapist diagnosed me with depression and said my experiences were hallucinations due to lack of sleep...that was bologna...the sightings came BEFORE the lack of sleep! But being a doctor straight from the books there was no convincing her otherwise and she put me on an antidepressant only to find that it induced depression (never before had I ever experienced depression) so I stopped taking the meds and regained my former healthy mind. Ten years later one can only wonder, due to the similarities, that these two incidences are in some way connected.
