{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501406","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3119,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/406/mufon-5501406.json","updb_database_id":5501406}
{nd} We saw multiple orb like floating then moving orange and/or red lights moving from South East to North West. One from East to West.

My girlfriend, her son, my mother, and I were just coming home from the Fire In The Sky fireworks event in downtown Columbia Missouri when my girlfriend saw something that normally isn't there shortly after 10pm tonight. I looked as we turned the corner into our neighborhood and it appeared to be hovering next to a water tower located maybe 500 feet away from us. None of us knew what it was. It appeared to be a gold or orange like color that gave a bright aura like look to it. We slowly went on until the trees were blocking our view. As we drove on home we saw at least 4 more of them but were slowly moving in that same direction. We got out of the car at home and 3 of the 4 of us stood outside and watched at least 8-10 more traveling in the same direction with a slight curve from Southeast to Northwest. All of which seemed to be spaced about 20 to 30 seconds apart at the same altitude. These were more of an orange or more red in color. We could see each one as it traveled through the night sky moving to slow to be a helicopter or plane and had no flashing lights. More of a pulsating light instead. Now I know this is the 4th of July, but these were NOT fireworks or flares from a plane! I have no idea what they were or are exactly, but it still has my girlfriend a little freaked out. They made no noise and all we could hear was fireworks. NO engine of any kind was heard. I saw another move from East to West just above the trees on the back side of our place and it was much lower than the others. It was a brighter and dark red aura looking disc like object. What was weird is they just seemed to disappear after they went over our entire neighborhood. But that was only after traveling I don't know how many miles. Each object we could see for a good 2-3 minutes before they just vanished. But I KNOW these were NOT fireworks OR flares! My girlfriend did get some video of them with her cell phone, but she was very shaken and couldn't stand still. We could see a jet WAY off in the distance but they did not come from a jet or airplane. Surely we were not the only ones to see these things traveling so low and so slow tonight. The videos have been attached.
