{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-12-24 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503406","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55538","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11969,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/406/mufon-5503406.json","updb_database_id":5503406}
{cak} Glowing UFO, silent running, across the NW to SW skies of western North Carolina

At the time I saw this along with a good family friend, ------- (he rented a house next door to my aunt, -----------, just right up the road from us, we had become fast friends, went rock hounding together a lot), I was 16 years old, was living on the family farm. We shared a party line with my aunt. Now my former younger brother (and his new wife), will not know about this event because they did not witness the event.

It was Christmas Eve, 1978. It was not long before that Christmas of 1978 which --------- wife had died of cancer, yet as long as he rented the old farmhouse from my aunt, he spent every Christmas Eve and Christmas Day with us, along with some Thanksgivings and sometimes he stayed with us on Easter. I had received a new refracting telescope for that Christmas from my parents, I had just installed the 12 mm lens into the focal tubing, and Ron had stepped outside to smoke a cigarette. There were many people inside my home for Christmas, as it was for every Christmas until Christmas of 2005, which by that time most of the family members had passed away.  

Anyway, ------- came running back into the house all excited, and yelled for me to get my new Meade refracting telescope and bring it outside! It was 8:00 pm, EST. When I got outside on the sidewalk, ------- pointed to the northwest, and by our viewpoint if you would imagine the height above the western tree line on the property the object was, plus factor in the distance away, it would have been roughly 12 feet above the western tree line. Unfortunately, that western tree line along with much of the forest lands on the family farm were destroyed by Hurricane Hugo on September 22-23, 1989.  I saw what ------- was so excited about what we were witnessing to the northwest of us, there were absolutely no sounds to be heard, and whatever it was did not move that quickly as far as the naked eye was concerned. I have heard dead silence many times, so quiet in fact even to hear the snow flakes land on the ground was deafening if you listened close enough. Even then while the snow was falling, with no sounds from any wildlife, cattle, goats, pigs, etc., it was not as quiet as it was that Christmas Eve of 1978 at 8:00 PM EST. To the naked eye, it appeared as a large yellowish-white circular ball of light, about the size of a Ping-Pong ball, that did not brighten up nor did it ever dim as it journeyed towards the southwestern skies over the ------------------ of ------------.

I had already set my telescope up outside on the sidewalk, with that 12 mm lens, and ------- was training the telescope in on it. He was so excited, and then he grabbed my new Christmas flannel shirt so I could view the object through my new Meade telescope as well. It was difficult for me to keep my telescope trained upon the UFO by this time because it had increased in speed as it journeyed from the northwestern skies towards the southwestern skies on that Christmas Eve of 1978. What I saw through the eyepiece of the telescope was amazing. The UFO was oblong in shape, brightly lit up, not in lights mind you, but it just glowed all over. On the bottom of the UFO I clearly saw (and I have not ever forgotten this), there were 3 very distinctive black rectangular shaped markings, almost flared out on the ends to appear somewhat like a slightly stubby capital letter "I," which extended nearly all the way across the widest part of the bottom of the UFO. What those markings represented, or whatever their function was with the operation of the UFO, neither ------- nor myself knew. We both had saw the same thing, we both saw the same markings on the bottom of the oblong shaped UFO, and we both saw that it had no visible lights, instead the entire body of the UFO seem to glow brightly, as a lightning bug would glow when it flashes to attract a mate (unless it eaten by a bat or some other predator). Lightning bugs are themselves carnivorous, and it took a few years for me to figure that out as a child when I captured them inside a very large Mason jar with grass inside thinking they ate plants; was I ever wrong. I was a young child, and did not know Lightning bugs were carnivorous. 

I kept trying to keep the UFO in view of my eyepiece with my new Meade Telescope, even with the 12 mm lens because that gave me the widest view possible while viewing through the telescope, but by now it had become impossible to keep up with it. Both ------- and I could not get over just how dead quiet everything was, and the object emitted no sounds what-so-ever. I stood up, and looked at ------- after he told me to keep trying to track the UFO, and I had to tell him there was no way by that time I could keep up with it. We both stood there for about 30 more seconds while watching the UFO continue towards the southwest, headed towards the ------------------ of -----------. All at once the UFO gave off a very bright flash, and in what I have to admit was a 90 degree arching right hand angled rainbow, it sped off and disappeared into what I must admit was outer space. ------- and I both just stood there looking to the southwest, we would look at each other, ----- eyes and facial expressions were full of excitement, as well mine, and then we both went running back into the house to tell everyone what we had just witnessed. Of course everyone laughed about it, but we were not teased about the encounter. After that incident, every year since then just right before 8:00 PM EST on Christmas Eve, weather permitting, while I lived in the ----------------------------, and ----------------------, areas, I would go outside and stand there looking towards the northwest and I would scan the skies all the way down through the southwest. Since I have moved from North Carolina, to Nebraska, I will also scan the northeastern to southeastern skies, weather permitting, starting at 7:00 PM CST.

I attended ------------------------- that previous 1977-1978 school year, the last year ----------------------------, and ---------------------, had a high school, and my professional life began not after I had graduated from South Caldwell High School in 1980. I went on to college at ------------------------- in August of 1980, and attended ------------------------- off and on until 1984 when I finished my major in Forest Management Technology, but I also had earned several other certifications. I worked part-time for the North Carolina Forest Service on a part-time basis, usually when needed, from August of 1980 until December of 1993, my name stayed on their contact list when needed until that date. My duties included: wildfire control anywhere in the continental United States, reforestation projects, some law enforcement, surveys of all kinds, some public relations, smoke spotter, and a smoke chaser, in other words I was a trained observer. I had to be very observant of my surroundings, and to report accurately. I was formally let go that December of 1993 because of massive North Carolina state budget cuts. 

It was a good thing I always had my full-time truck driving jobs to fall back on which I started driving trucks in the summer of 1978, on my first real paying job while in high school. I drove trucks during the other summers of 1979, 1980, during the spring and summer of 1981, spring and summer of 1982, winter-spring-summer of 1983, and I started driving trucks full-time in the late spring of 1984, after I had formally finished my college education at -------------------------, and I had received my Associates in Applied Science Degree in 1984, along with the other certifications I had earned along the way during those 4 years I had spent off and on at -------------------------. 

Later in the spring of 1993, because of the new federal CDL regulations taking effect, and because the drivers license examiners told me I could get my CDL-A license for the same price as what it would have cost me to "grandfather" into a CDL-B license. I went just down the highway from the N.C. Drivers License Bureau to -------------------------- and I inquired about the professional truck driving program. I signed up for it, and I had to go get my CDL-A student drivers license the day before I graduated because my license allowed me to drive their big rigs as long as they were empty. It was a big laugh between myself and the staff there at --------------------------. I graduated on top of the class because to be honest truck driving had always came naturally to me. I also earned several other certifications from -------------------------- during that spring course in 1993. 

Overall, I have 24 years experience driving trucks, and I was also a professional truck driver instructor. Part of the job, you must be very aware of everything going on around you at all times because to be bluntly honest a 18 wheeler semi-truck is nothing more than 80,000 pounds of rolling death. You will always lose if you try to tangle with a large 18 wheeled semi-truck, and no a 18 wheeler semi-truck does not have 18 brakes, it has 10 brakes. Two examples I will provide: A fully loaded 18 wheeler will take about 100 yards at 55 mph to come to a complete stop without sliding it's tires. A completely empty 18 wheeler will take about 105 yards to 110 yards at 55 mph to come to a complete stop.

A few years back, while I was married to my second wife, and I was watching a program about UFO's. The program largely centered around sightings in Brazil. To my astonishment, one of the photos of a UFO was EXACTLY like the one my friend, ------- and myself had witnessed that Christmas Eve in 1978. I paused the satellite television program, I was so excited, and I was yelling excitedly for my wife to come into the living room. I had backed the program up and let it play so that the program would show the picture of the UFO which I had seen back on Christmas Eve of 1978, so that my wife could see what I had told her about so many times regarding what ------- and I had seen that Christmas Eve of 1978, the only differences being this photo was snapped during the daytime, the UFO itself was NOT glowing, and you could clearly see the exact same shaped UFO, with it's bottom turned towards the photographer, with those exact same 3 rectangular shaped sort of stubby "I" shaped markings on the bottom of the UFO. 

Well, I wanted you to know what I had seen that Christmas Eve of 1978. Every year on that time I go outside, weather permitting, and I will observe the northwestern to southwestern skies for any signs of movement. Now since I have moved from North Carolina, to Nebraska, I also observe the northeastern to southeastern skies on Christmas Eve, again weather permitting, starting at 7:00 PM CST. 

Thank you for your time and allowing me to tell you my true story. I also contacted UFO Hunters with my story many years ago, but I received no response. It would be nice if someone would take me seriously, understand I am a trained observer or at least was, and let me know something...even if that someone can send me a photo of the UFO I had saw back on Christmas Eve of 1978, as well on the television program about UFO's some two decades ago while I had Directv as my satellite television provider. 

Sincerely yours, ------------
