{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-12-30 06:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549406","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4246","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2699,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/406/mufon-5549406.json","updb_database_id":5549406}
strobing lights visible thru tops of trees, then something in the air

I was driving east on Hwy 30 from Astoria, heading to Portland Airport. It is mostly a densely forested rural area, and there are no street lights. 

About 8 miles east of Astoria, between John Day and Svensen, I suddenly spotted an extremely bright strobing light (like from a professional camera's strobe light), which appeared to be to the south east of me, but there were trees in the way. 

In about a minute, I would guess, I rounded a bend, and there was an object in the sky to the southeast. It was not very high in the sky at all, and I only saw it for a few seconds, but my impression was that of a saucer-sort of shape, with porthole-type windows with cross-bars. 

I could not discern the shape of the whole object, though, as the light from the windows was so blindingly bright. The description of having a saucer-like appearance is strictly an impression from my quick glance. Strangely, the windows seemed a little squared, and there were at least two, probably three, of them. 

The light coming through the windows was even, although one window did appear to be larger than the others. It was the light around the object that was strobing. It did not appear to be moving, but it was hard to tell, since I was moving. I was so startled, I slowed down a bit, but it is a very narrow and treacherous road, so I could not stop. But I still have the image of it against the black sky in my mind. 

My son and daughter-in-law were with me, and saw it, too, but wish to remain anonymous. I had to keep driving, but my daughter-in-law said it strobed for about a minute after we drove by, then the light disappeared.

Sorry, we have no pictures or audio-video clips. And I wouldn't know what to draw as I have more of an impression of an image than an actual shape that I could draw.

We have no idea what we saw, but we all thought it was a UFO, since there just didn't seem to be any other explanation out there in the middle of nowhere. Is there another explanation? If so, please let me know!

Thanks,
Elleda Wilson
