{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-07-15 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517704","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40020","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/704/mufon-5517704.json","updb_database_id":5517704}
The lights fliquer a few times and they whent out, when we return to the front of the restaurant we saw it shrauded in a clowd right above our heads, it was massive.

I was on vacation in Casa de Campo, Dominican Republic. We went to a restuarant that is at the highest point in that area. I was with my 2 daughters 6 and 12 years old. We order, and we whent to the back of the restaurant to take my 6 year old to the restroom. The lights started fliquering several times I tod my daughter to harry up, I was scare we are on top of this mauntain restaurant with 2 kids and I wanted to get back to our table, but before we cound the light whent out.  We where walking to our table and saw the hostes and I ask her how long did she think the light will be out? She casually pionted over my sholder and told me when they finish going by, this happens every time they come thruogh. I turn to see this giant cloud with an object inside of it, and coming out what it look like lighting with out making any sound, it was going very slow, it was so close I could reach out and touch it. She told me very casually that they use the cloud as a cover and it happend in a regular basis. The lights came back our food was on the table and it was half eaten. This freek me out, we had just orded before we whent to the restroom and there was no food at our table.  This restaurant is at a very high altittud at the top of a mountain is a canyon ,the river is so far down that when we look down the trees were like toys .I wish I had the dimencions, that is wy the object was so clese to us, it was fallowing the edge of the canyon and the river. I didn't see where it went, my 6 year old daughter was very upset and I was traing to confort her. I have never told eny one exept my husbend. I can't make out the loss of time, and to this day my daughter wii not talk abaut it, she gets very upset if I bring the subject of UFO's. Whe we were on our way home, at the bookstore she saw the cover of the with the grey on it and got very upset, cover her eyes and wont tell me anything about it. I was very calm when I saw the object every body arround me that worked at the restaurant seem not to be face by it.  The loss of time and my daughters reaction to the incident is what make's me belive that it was real.
