{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-23 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493704","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65804","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2772,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/704/mufon-5493704.json","updb_database_id":5493704}
{dr}For an hour watched as craft approached same spot in low horizon(three previous sightings) near communication towers. Hovered and descended behind mountain.

About a month ago I noticed an object traveling towards my position(five miles south of Laytonville ,Ca., my property.)from over the Pacific Ocean. When the craft(as I am defining it) reached a position approx. five miles north of Cahto Peak and about half a mile over the top of the ridge, it stopped and hovered for almost forty minutes, and then receded back towards the original place I saw it. Over the last several weeks it returned three more times including last night and the night before. I observed that the object stopped in the same approx. position each time. The night before last it hovered for some time before descending down until it vanished behind the top of the ridge(approx.4300ft.elev.).into a roadless area that was burned last year. I did not see it re-appear. Last night I decided that this was a rare and un-explained sighting and decided to take photos if it returned which it did at about the same time(10:20 pm). This area has been used for many years for military training flights and I have seen almost every kind of plane and helicopter ever made fly over but nothing like this has ever been seen that I know of. At first sight I thought it was a helicopter coming in from over the ocean. After seeing this I am really disturbed. It is like nothing I know of. I have recently sighted the ISS from my house and at almost 200 miles up it looks about the same size as this thing does from a lot lower. I hope it not an enemy craft meaning to do us harm. The fact that it returns over and over and is near the communication link for all the companies is interesting as well.Last night I got some amazing photos and while I was taking my camera down the object simply vanished from view.
