{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-13 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510704","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47691","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4319,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/704/mufon-5510704.json","updb_database_id":5510704}
{dr}Started as visitation in house, in bed ended with led type light then more appeared, then hundreds swirling counterclockwise flashing and burst of light that grew 5 foot in diameter, then shrunk to 2 volleyball sized orbs and flew off leaving trail

7pm Tuesday May 14th walking dog with girlfriend, seen cat beside sidewalk trap something in paws, a light emited steadly brighter cat let it go, it looked like a prey mantise/moth fly to my feet and disappear.

10pm Let dog go pee outside saw white LED bright light appear 6 foot next to me and disappear, then 3 red LED lights appear beside a oak tree 10 foot in front of me and disappear.

12:48am Wed. May 15th Got in bed laid down, immediatly bed sheet was raised by right foot, and had knowledge a clamp was going to be put on my foot, I relaxed and "Let it Be". I saw in a vision 2 silver rooms, I moved through a partition into one of the silver rooms and saw a brown human head suspended in air and fragments of things supended in air..it was Chaos and my mind was breaking, I only could repeat, "I AM that I AM, I do not allow you to hurt me", then my dog charged into livingroom like someone was in the house, I immediatly got out of bed and went to the livingroom and a grey shoebox slide from outside on the patio through the sliding glass door and under my chair in the livingroom, without a sound. I sat up for a hour in the livingroom.

1:45am went back to bed, fell asleep right away, Had a vision/dream I was in a white room looking down at 2 8x8 square foot grey mattresses set at a diagnal from one another, had a feeling I was one a bed, then a voice said, "Enlightenment".

4:30am I opened my eyes and saw a small led light outside bedroom window behind Japanese Maple tree, it moved slowly down casting the tree shadow on the sheer curtain, then another light appeared and was moving sideways from it then more started appearing, all the same size, like popcorn hundreds more started appearing then a great flashees light fireworks and a 5 foot in diameter clounterclockwize spiral with thousands of small lights the swirl sped up and shrunk down to 2 volleyball sized bright orbs and flew off to the west with a trail of small lights like a meteor.

9:36am While sitting in my chair in the livingroom having coffee and log in on to the computer, my dog leaped at the sliding glass door barking agian like a intruder alert type bark, I turned and looked and through the piket fence I saw a brown alien face and a black eye looking at me and it moved horizontally out of sight. My dog and me rushed to the front door, and my dog stood at the front door sniffing as I walked to the fence area...nothing, it looked exactly like a grey alien, but brown leather like skin and a big oval black eye.

I have been very emotional, were I cry easy and have been through a self relized transformation, I know I have the Supreme Divine living in me and I am not concerned about the ego, self, "I". I am kinder, gentler and slowly getting over it slowly.

The Japanese Maple tree next to the swirl of lights, seems that a branch has made a 180 degree turn growing back to its trunk, no other branches show anything like that 1 particular branch were a big whiter that white burst of light occured and sputtered at the 4:30am event outside my bedroom window.

I have had visitations the last 3 years, 2 of which I went into the feeling of Chaos when they entered my mind, I felt like waking from a abstract dream and not remembering the dream or cant explain it because its so abstract, but real when your in it, but PAINFULLY chaotic.
