{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508704","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4116,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/704/mufon-5508704.json","updb_database_id":5508704}
{kt}Boomerang shaped object. Saw it twice.

August 11, 2013 - Ufo sighting

I was laying out on the trampoline with my sister at about 11:00 at night. We both had blankets and were scanning the sky in hopes of seeing meteors, as tonight was suppose to be the peak of a meteor shower, I believe the Persides meteor shower is what my dad called it. We could see a few stars, though it was difficult as we live rather close to the city, and smoke from a distant forest fire was obscuring some of the sky slightly. However, throughout the thirty minutes we were outside we saw three or four meteors. 

About 10 minutes after we came out, we saw something peculiar and very out of place floating across the sky in a south/south west direction. It appeared to be maybe 6 or 7 lights hovering around each other and moving in a similar pattern to molecules. Even so, its south-ward path was steady and it was silent. I passed it off as a flock of birds, not really concerned about it. The sighting lasted about 6-7 seconds. After that my sister saw a meteor. Not a big k e, but a fairly obvious one, to the north-west. 

Later, my step-dad, joined us on the tramp and watched for meteors with us. After a few minutes, I saw a small meteor directly overhead. It was small and not obvious, but I saw it nonetheless. After that, me and my step-dad saw an orange colored meteor to the South east. It appeared for a second, then vanished.

After this I looked up, almost toward the South west, an spotted the strange UFO again. I pointed it out to my step-dad and sister, both spotting it immediately. Again, it looked like a set of 6-7 lights bubbling about each other like molecules. They seemed to be either grey, or white with a slight orange hue. The sighting lasted about 8-9 seconds before it disappeared behind our trees. Its path was, again steady, despite the bubbly appearance of its lights, and this time it was headed North East. 

My sister, step-father, and I, conversed about it a bit before we had to head inside for the night. We all agreed that it was shaped like either a boomerang, or a V. We agreed that it looked like several lights together. 

At this point, my mom came out to tell us to come inside. My dad told her about the UFO which we had just seen, and proceeded to tell us that his friend Dan had seen something similar, many years ago about this time of year. When we told my Mom, she didn't seem to believe us, she seemed skeptical, despite three confirmations of the sighting.

After that, my sister and I stayed outside for ten more minutes, waiting to see more meteors, but we didn't see anything else.

I am not, by any means, claiming to have seen some "alien craft". It was simply, a UFO: An Unidentified Flying object. Both times I saw it, it had the same appearance: several bubbly lights moving about like molecules, the lights were orange-ish or grey, moving in a steady path, and it was silent. The second time seeing it did invoke a bit of fear in me, but I am not too concerned about this sighting.

I am fairly young, and have a very creative mind. I am also very imaginative. Although my step-dad and my sister saw it too, I may have been imagining things. Despite my creative attributes, I am a very logic-oriented person. It may have simply been a flock of birds, illuminated slightly by the light pollution from the nearby city, it may have been some kind of craft. I am not sure
