{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-08 15:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481704","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78299","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2927,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/704/mufon-5481704.json","updb_database_id":5481704}
Hovering Orb of Light Mid Afternoon

In my back yard with a headache. Sat down, leaned back, rest my head on chair with closed eyes. I was facing Northwards. When I opened my eyes I saw a tiny white dot in the sky through the leaves of the tree. Assumed it was a plane or a high flying bird but the orb of light did not move at all. After about 3-5 min of waiting for the light to move I thought, "Could be a UFO?" 

I ran in the house, yelled at my daughter, "There's a UFO outside!", grabbed my camera, and dashed back into the yard. Was sure the light would be gone when I got back outside but it still hovered in the exact same spot. I sat in the chair, popped on my zoom lens and maxed it out. It was still nothing but a blob of white light on the view screen. 

By this time I was excited because I didn't know what could hover motionless in the sky for so long. I noted that all the dogs in the neighborhood were barking and wondered if the light had something to do with it. I took more photos then moved to the drive way for a clearer shot of the object. 

I got one shot off and noticed the tiny form of a turkey vulture soar through the sky near the orb. I realized I was still wearing my sunglasses and took them off so I could focus better. When I looked through the viewfinder to find the UFO I couldn't see it. I put my glasses back on and it was there again. I took the glasses off and on a couple of times and each time they were off I couldn't see the orb in the sky. I put my glasses on took a quick shot trying to capture the vulture and the orb in the same photo. At this time the corners of my viewfinder went dark and I thought my camera was going to shut off or finally conk out. 

I looked down at my viewfinder to see if I'd captured them both in the same shot. It looked like I hadn't so I looked upward again to find the orb. It was gone! I spun and scanned the sky and saw the orb zipping away with the speed of a meteor toward the South East. It whipped past the moon and faded into the distance. 

Seeing the unbelievable speed with which the orb escaped left now doubt in my mind I had just witnessed and potentially captured on camera... an actual UFO. 

*note, my sunglasses are polarized
