{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-27 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488704","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70936","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/704/mufon-5488704.json","updb_database_id":5488704}
{jpg} Daytime sighting with two objects. One rotating and the other pill shaped with one fladhing light.

My son and I were leaving our house on Sunday September 27th at 10:30 am to get breakfast. A flashing light caught my eye as I looked at the sky. I assumed it was Mylar balloons someone accidently set free from Dillons but I told my son to get our binoculars. He couldn't find them so I left him to watch and I got them. Focused on the object and what I saw was gold and blue flashing around in a counterclockwise
fashion. The brightest edge was on its east side but it was in the northern sky slowly heading east. It started to leave our view behind trees and my son and I looked back and the was another object from where the first one was but it had a
very bright light flashing three times repeatedly. My son and I took turns looking through the binoculars and I said it's cylindrical and he replied it's pill shaped. Now we were in shock enough about that but then the first object came back at the same altitude as the pill shaped craft. The first craft approached the second one and as they got close all of a sudden the circled eachother once and the first craft then proceeded North out of sight. Now we were in trouble because it's now 11:00 am and my wife wanted breakfast. She did come out and see the first bright light but did not use binoculars. My son also had a football game so we were late. We left while the pill shaped craft was in the air and it was still there when we got back at 11:15 am. I sent him in to eat but he and I had to finish the sighting. I proceeded to watch as it slowly headed south overhead but it also gained altitude and went out of sight. During our sighting we also watched four white commercial airplanes pass at a lower altitude while both object were in sight. I was always open to there being UFOs but after this both my son and I know it's true! Amazing. I've never seen anything like that in my life and probably never will again but I'll be watching.
