{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-23 23:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530704","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24766","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8151,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/704/mufon-5530704.json","updb_database_id":5530704}
UFO Formation July 2010, Belgium.

First of all i will appologise for my english!
Is not my native language,....:)

The Events i am about to tell took place in Belgium!
In the Nord East of Flanders ,next to the seaside (about 28-30 km)

I am a fervent follower of the UFO Events and incidents related to UFO,
all over in the world!!!
Thanks to Youtube and The Net,and sometimes via Publications,News Flash,
or Magazines!!!
I am also an Sci-Fi Fan,(movies or novels)

Therefore, I Always use to look up in the sky ,late in the night,
more specifically since i had another experience some years ago,
(but,... had no video or photo equipment to record the event),...

I am a "Bad Sleeper",...
Sometimes i fall in sleep late around 03:00 or 04:00 am in the morning!!!

Late in the evening, just before midnight, had to go to Bathroom!!!

Ive'd took a look from my bathroom window as i use to do it, almost... Everyday and if i have a chance of having a clear sky!

Besides airplanes ,or helicopters, with the well known flickering lights,
or sometimes up, up, in the sky at the star levels an ocasional satelliet (or what i supposed to be),there where nothing to be seen!

But,not on this night of 23 July 2010 on 23:52,night with a perfect clear sky, temperature between 18-201celsius,and with a full moon!!!
(Paradoxal on the same date when the UFO Congres was held in USA),...:
)
What i saw made my body shaking and my hands trembling (of emotions and anxiety)
In the far horizon ,above the roof of the Animal Shop,just behind
my backyard (around 20 m) i saw a glowing red-yellow light
(with big diameter ,definately not man made),
rising just above the roof line!

Then second light,and third one,followed!!!

Ive'd continued to look ,amazed,at the event, when a forth, and then a fifth,light(with the same diameter and intensity),start to lift up,
next to the other three,and forming a sort of trapezoidal formation!

At that moment ive'd run down the stairs (my bathroom is at the first floor +/- 5m from the ground floor)to get my HandyCam,
hoping i will still get some unique,one in a lifetime UFO Footage!!!

Getting my cam from the living room, ive'd run back like crazy on the stairs to the bathroom,to try to film the event!
Ive'd open the windows, large, and then start my cam and i begun to film!

My hands and breath they where both trembling and shaking of emotions, and stress!!!

Unfortunatelly,the UFO formation who was still there start to descend,
below the roof line ,blocking my view and the possibility to film further!!
Luckily , i have my daughter sleeping room, at the second floor, where 
i have also an open rooftop, installed!!!

I open the window large and from there i start to film further the UFO's!!!
They where still there, only at a smaller distance from the ground, but still high in the sky, ... 300-400 m?!!!
Anyway they where still in that 5 Trapezoidal formation, !!!

I tried as much as i could to take a decent footage ,trying not to shake,
(too much),and zooming, slowly,....

The recordings where made with a SONY CRX-HD6 HD Handycam, with night vision,and 20X digital zoom!
Even so, i could not obtain the quality i was hoping for,...

The Lights,The colours, The Size and clarity of The Real UFO's where much better in real life(this after i replay the recording)
Still the recodings they have a good quality, keeping in mind that the originals where made in HD 144011080 quality!!!

After another 3-5 minutes the UFO's starts to dissapear,one by one,some becoming invisibles, some descending near a forest on that area!!!
I stopped recording, but i never left the place,
(hoping that i will get maybe another chance of filming another UFO Event)!!!

How many times in a lifetime ,we have a chance to get to see 
(or better),to record such an unique event?!!!

What i will tell you surpassed my wildest dreams,..:)

The event that i was hoping to be a witness ,had happened again,..... !!!
After around ,another 1 1/2 hour (01:35am) in the morning,they have apeared,...

AGAIN,!!!! Again,... 5 UFO's ,in the same position,same place ,
same high,rising above the thin horizon line,one by one,starting to change positions,and moving around (but in a close group),sometimes in a shape of trapeze,sometimes triangle, sometimes just moving around,....

They stayed in the sky, for another 2-3 minutes, 
then they aligned them self, in a line (diagonal against the horizon),...
and they start to move slowly from right to left (my field of view),
further and further away, until they totally disappeared!!!
Some of the recorded footage, was also taken in Infrared Vision
(or so called Night-Vision), .....

To prove authenticity, of the recorded footage!!!

The details seen in the footage, are a rooftop ,from the shop in my backyard, with some flags, on the right side, far in the back a thin forest line ,and on the right side a street light pal ,and far away on the right side a windmill use for producing electricity with warning red lights for airplanes!!!

I also included a short footage with an airplane just passing by, for the nonbelievers, so they can made a comparison , with the real UFO's filmed above!!!(they way the lights, shapes and size apear in the sky!!!
All the recordings are conversions from HD Cam Recordings in MP4 Format,
with Unedited Audio,for authenticity!!!
Best to be seen with Divx Player !!!

If "Mufon" is interested in the Real Footage, i can provide,
The Real HD Recordings,(the one from this July, 
and another one rom last year in DEC).....
Recordings watermarked with the time and date when where taken!!!
(Just crediet my recordings,on my name)

And now,about the other event surprised on video,...
It's not my first experience (concerning UFO Sighting),...

Last year on DEC.31 2009 I filmed another UFO just passing by, next to my house, when i was busy launching the Fire Works for the New Year Eve!!!
The event has last about 2-3 minutes, (in a shape of a sphere of light),
red-yellow,flying low (about 100-200m),in totally silence,from right to left until has dissapeared from our field of view, behind my house!!!

Important to mention...
The UFO was flying in the same direction, from where the actual 5 Ufo's formation where appeared or have lift up!!!

After some aproximate estimations, the place where UFO's stationed in the sky, and where the other UFO was flying( the one filmed last year),
is near a forest in the proximity of an small military airfield from URSEL
(small village in east Flanders),next to the seaside!

I Hope that,...has been another piece of information,disclosed to unbelievers, or sceptics, all over the world!!!
Advise to all the Gov.Organisations, who just want to make us believe,
that everything we see in the sky are just another space debris, venus planet,ice or reflexions of gases , aurora borealis, etc!!!

God Thanks to internet , who opened the doors to Truth and free information!!!

Thank You,...

P.S. The Footage exposed here is a exclusivity ,in Belgium
and World Wide!
None of the recordings were aired on any TV News, or Internet till Now!
Also to mention, that no info in the News on Belgium National or Private Networks, neither on Radio were made public or exposed!!!
So, "Mufon" here is a Exclusivity just for you, as a thank to your help, and efforts to keep us informed about the truth!!!

Thank you!
