{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-12-18 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479704","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80378","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3189,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/704/mufon-5479704.json","updb_database_id":5479704}
observed oval-craft create a time-portal or Gateway, eighty-feet away. before this also observed silver-star.

I was delivering my last pizza for the night, 2040pm. Was driving into large housing-estate when noticed through vehicle window a very large "star". Its colour was pure silver and it had four points. It seemed to hang in the sky some miles up. Certainly NOT celestial! I observed it some half a mile away. I slowed my van down to a stop and switched off the engine. I then wound down the drivers side window. I did this because I am psychic and was aware of a further phenomena. Sure enough as I watched this star it suddenly "extinguished" disappeared in the night sky? Within perhaps seconds I then encountered some eighty feet above me the following: A very slow moving (5mph) Oval-craft. Its dimensions in a oval-type form were approx. forty feet long and from the base to the dome shaped aperture some ten feet in height. The Hull was a distinctive dull rusty red colour, reminding me how metals look just after being removed from a furnace and allowed to cool down. There was no insignia and no sound at all throughout. After some minutes of observing this craft a row of perhaps ten lights were switched on. Or perhaps they were exhaust-ports? Orange in colour. As soon as these rotating ports seen from the underside of the craft, began to rotate clockwise, I then observed the strangest thing. Some ten-feet directly in front of this craft I saw a kind of "Mirror" being created. A kind of "shaking of space" proceeded this and slowly this mirrored-portal became manifest. I would hazard a guess the switching on of the exhaust-ports minutes earlier, had released an unknown energy which accelerated gravitational-fields around the craft and induced magnetic variations in space-time. I then watched as this craft slowly entered and exited through this strange Mirror? It must be said that for the minutes I watched all of this I distinctly knew that the beings on-board, were indeed aware of my presence! And I felt I was going to be beamed on-board! After this ET ship disappeared through its exit-hole I continued to deliver my pizza. It should be understood I have experienced UFOs on a number of occasions. Lastly I believe the "star-formation" first observed was indeed an opening-portal, which from a distance could be perceived as a star like form.
