{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-10-16 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504633","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2510,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/633/mufon-5504633.json","updb_database_id":5504633}
{kt}Long oval shaped ,cylinder. Greenish irredescent glow, with long ribbed indentations running the length of the craft. Etenstensive mechanical piping criss crossing the bottom of the craft.

On the night of the sighting I was working on my car's master brake cylinder replacing the seals. I was Sixteen years old at the time and it was my first car a 1962 Green MGB. Upon completing the work on the Master Cylinder I started the car to warm the engine before I went back inside the house. 
  While sitting in the driver's seat I notice what I thought was the moon rising at first in my rear view mirror through the plastic rear window. I thought it was a large full moon but then it filled the whole mirror and I got out of my car to see what it was. I was standing at the top of th driveway which was about 150 feet from my house. 
  Just as I got out of my car my father stepped outside of the house. I yelled down to my father "Dad do you see that?" He replied simply "Yeah I see it." 
  For some reason it was only then that I got scared and ran as fast as I could down to the house to where my father was standing. We both watched the craft track from over the mountain dip down into our valley and right over our house. It was not more than 30 feet above us. I remember watching the front of the ship come toward us and then fly slowly over us. It was a large oval shaped cylindrical object about 300 feet in length and it took awhile for it to pass over, it was completely silent.
  The next thing that I remember it was 4 am in the morning and my father and I were back in the house in my father's studio where he was painting. We never spoke of the incident until 7 or 8 years later when father had been diagnosed with cancer. It was only then that I asked him of his recollection of that evening it was the same as mine including the loss of time. 
  This is the only time I have reported this incident.
