{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483633","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76239","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6079,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/633/mufon-5483633.json","updb_database_id":5483633}
{cak} Our first year anniersry

My husband and I were celebrating our first wedding anniversary in Solvang. On our way home that night we decided to camp out at Red Rock a popular camping site in the outskirts of Santa Barbara.

At around 12 am my hubby and I were in the back of the truck talking when we heard a crackling sound. A sound as if a branch had broke off and fallen. It gave me a good scare that I asked him if we can go back into the truck. He agreed. At around 12:30 am my hubby and I were hugging and kissing when I noticed a light. A light illuminating our area and surrounding but we couldn't find where it was coming from. It didn't dawn on us to look up, just around. The light turned off and we were back in the dark. As we were talking I noticed a bright twinkling star from afar and above the mountains. As I was admiring the bright twinkling star it took shape into an unidentified flying object. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. I told my husband to look over and he saw it too. We saw it change shape into a sparkling star and back into an unidentified flying object. I reached over to the radio and noticed it was 5:15 am and turned it off. We watched the object in disbelief for approximately 2 hours just hovering, back and forth in quick motions. I have never been so scared in all my life. At one point, I had noticed a white glowing object from a distance and asked him what it could be. He didn't see it because it was at that point it hid behind the trash can near the restrooms. I couldn't believe what was happening. I kept asking him, "Do you see it, do you see it?" He kept saying "yes" "yes I do." We were too scared to move. I shut my eyes to pray and as I shut my eyes a face appeared almost reptile looking. I quickly opened my eyes and said to myself "What the f**k" So I closed my eyes again and this time I only saw half of it. As if it was looking over me. I didn't say anything to my husband because I couldn't believe what I just saw when I closed my eyes. 
As the sun began to rise the object began to descend. Once it was gone my husband and I drove away. On our drive home and began to feel ill. I lost saliva and couldn't swallow which gave me breathing problems. We pulled over to an urgent care where they checked my vitals and didn't find anything wrong with me. So we took off but didn't get to far because I began to feel as though I was going to pass out. My husband pulled over into a Carl's Jr and asked me to walk it off. I couldn't take more than 3 steps because my legs began to feel extremely heavy and my body began to ache. My body felt like it had gotten tossed around. My entire body ached and my female internal organs. I was beginning to loose conscience so I asked him to rush me to a hospital. He drove to Cottage Hospital where I was taken and given a Zanax. 
We didn't share our story with anyone because we still couldn't believe it ourselves, I guess. When we arrived at our home all I wanted to do was just lay down. My legs felt like a ton, my body felt like a banged up rag doll and my internal female organs hurt a lot. 
When the kids came home we shared our story of what we saw. They are the ones who asked if we experienced loss time......and to our surprise, my husband and I thought for a while and we came to the conclusion we did loose time. From 12:30 a.m. - 5 a.m.....when we saw the light...so the joke around the house now is that I was abducted. Anyway, I called Vandenberg Air Force Base the next day to report it but they told me to call the local police authority, so I did and told my story. 
A couple days later I noticed a small bump on my lip, a bump that had been left by a prick. Odd I thought to myself, what is a pimple doing on my lip. I tried to remove it but I couldn't, it did not go away for sometime. Hold on cause my story gets better.......As I was sharing our story to my family, I told my sister that I wanted to hypnotized because I wanted to know what happened to my loss time. They suggest I just leave it alone. There's a reason why I don't remember, or "they" don't want me to remember. It was during this time I felt as though I was being watched. I shared it with my hubby and my kids. One night my hubby and I had gone to the grocery store when I looked up in the sky and saw a bright twinkling star, I looked up and told him "See that bright star babe?" He replied "yes". I said "That's not a star" and it was at that moment the star dimmed.....I parked the car and my hubby and I were in disbelief again. I asked "Do you think they know we know" at that moment the star got bright again.....he said "Babe, get out of the car and let's see what happens" I of course said no way, but he asked and said just do it and let's see what happens, so I got out of the car and the light dimmed again...."WTF" was on my mind. I got back in and we saw it light up again. All I kept saying was "I told you, I told you they're watching."

I share my story, not for attention, but to just share and allow you to make your own conclusion of what happened. 

What I do know, is that I get anxiety attacks of just the thought of driving to Red Rock. What I do know, is that my body has never been the same as of that night. What I do believe is that the government is aware but has kept it confidential for very good reason. We as a society are not ready. I have never felt true fear until that night. That night has made me into a believer
