{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-15 11:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476633","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/633/mufon-5476633.json","updb_database_id":5476633}
{nd} I witnessed a very large orange/gold shape in the sky,it was not a ballon or blimp.stationary at first,then joined by a black orb. they traveled across the sky together. it was amazing!!

I was driving in Hicksville,NY on Broadway route 107 north, to my hair appointment. this shape ahead of me in the sky was just out of place, its too big to be a balloon, and the shape was to unusual to be a blimp...I got to the red light, i was sitting with the other cars, i kept staring at the object, counting off everything that it wasn't,,,when the light turned green, the traffic stayed still,unusual because this is a very busy road,so i looked over to the driver next to me , he too was staring up at this object. after some car horns the traffic started moving. i was getting closer to the hovering object, it was sort of waving in and out of the atmosphere, but it was definitely there. next i noticed a smaller black round orb traveling towards the orange object coming from the west. (this sounds funny, but something was telling me the orange object was waiting for the black orb to catch up) i pulled over, these two objects met, the black one went around/over the orange one and then the very slowly moved across the sky to the east. at the same time a plane was travelling to the west towards JfK. I was amazed no one else was out looking at this? i got back in my car it was 11:15 am, my phone battery was charging and not yet working.(worst time ever for that phone to be dead,i cursed it) i drove towards where the objects were going, which brought me to an industrial part of town, i parked behind a building and got out to watch the two objects move slowly it seemed but, they had traveled a great distance to the east. i was amazed, but had no phone for pictures and had to get to my hair appointment at 11:30, the only way i could catch another glimpse of the pair was if i had a chopper instead of a car. About three minutes later i arrived at the salon, parked and just as my phone came to life, a black helicopter passedto my left side, so low i could see the pilot! the chopper was completely black, no markings whatsoever, and it was coming from the eastern direction where i last saw the objects. that was weird too. i know i saw something that was not man made, i believe they were traveling UFO'S until I hear different.
