{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-11 06:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456633","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104951","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2899,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/633/mufon-5456633.json","updb_database_id":5456633}
{jpg} Straight Line of objects clearing the shadow of the Earth and refleciing morning sun.

Approximately 6:15 AM (EST) in Manchester Ohio, I observed multiple objects in the pre-dawn sky. As I do most every morning, I took my dogs to take care of their business. While I wait, I generally look up at the sky to see if I can find satellites, meteors or anything else that might be moving in the sky. This morning I noticed an object that looked like a satellite. It was traveling from North to South at a constant speed, but seemed to move faster than the typical satellite I see. It was also 2 to 3 times larger and brighter than ones I have seen. As I watched this object glide to the South, I saw another object appear a short distance behind the first one. Same apparent size moving at the same speed.  As I watched the second object move to the South a third object appeared behind the second object. This 3rd object was also the same size and traveled at the same speed as the first 2 objects. I looked farther to the south to find the first object and realized the first was only the first one I saw. There were in fact others. For as far South as I could see there was a long straight line, like rail cars following an engine. I looked back to the North and other objects continued to appear. They looked to just appear out of the nowhere, but it occurred to me that it was almost Sunrise. They were just clearing the shadow of the Earth as the Sun was rising. As they did, they were reflecting Sunlight. After watching for a minute or so, I started to mentally count how many seconds there were between one object to the next. They were consistently spaced 6 to 7 seconds apart. 
There were three outliers to the uniform chain of objects. Two were objects that emerged along the same straight path as the others, but were only about 2 seconds from the one in front of it. The third outlier was moving in the direction and speed as the main line, but was offset to the East of the main chain. In all I counted 30+ objects before I had to go in and get ready for work. I have no way to know how many more had come before I went out or after I came in. I left for work about 6:45 AM and did not see any more appearing. Nor could I see any to the South along the same line as earlier. The show was over.
