{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-15 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494633","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64833","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3093,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/633/mufon-5494633.json","updb_database_id":5494633}
{rjl} First observe was bright round light, in snapshots on camera afterwards found the cylinder shaped object, didnt see this when outside observing.

At approx 2030 at night on work property I observed in N NW sky a bright round object. Seemed to be over the hiway very high up in altitude. Much brighter than any star around, skies were clear. It was stationary. 
I thought maybe it was a helicopter or plane, but it didn't move. Then I thought maybe it did a quick tight figure eight maneuver, not sure, maybe I just moved a little and I thought it moved??? Then it was stationary again. Then I thought I know of no helicopter or airplane that could do that.
I then called for a friend to come out and look too. She did, she thought at one time it moved too??
After about 20 minutes I called the local police station officer to come over and he did. He said it was a planet, and laughed at me. I told him I say it moved! He said as long as it's not on this property we don't care. He laughed and left. 
I was at work so I couldn't stay outside and continue to watch it. I did take lots of photographs of object though.
Later I brought up the photos and checked them and in several of the photos it appears to be a cylinder type object. No one who viewed it saw this. It's only in the zoom that I noticed the cylinder object, but the majority
of the photos it is just a bright round object.???
After about 45 minutes I went back into the building.
Two hours later I went back out during my lunch and it was gone.

In the past month I have observed the bright light same position in the sky but cannot get another photo with cylinder type of object.
Many other employees have seen it at about the same time. 
I thought I saw it in the sky at home which is 33 miles away at 2030 too.
Is it a satellite? a planet? I don't think planets are cylinder type do you?
Another policeman who I work with came by and said it was Venus. I don't believe the cylinder picture is Venus.
