{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-06 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455633","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/633/mufon-5455633.json","updb_database_id":5455633}
{rjl} Star-like object (with a dark band wrapping around its middle) observed for 4 hours on a bright sunny day.

June 6, 2016 just before noon (Central time zone). Very bright and warm summer day. Beautiful blue sky, with clouds passing by from time to time. My children and I were looking out a window playing games with the clouds. 

We had been scanning the same small patch of sky for about 10 minutes when I then noticed what appeared to be a very bright star, and a good-sized one at that. The light did not flicker or twinkle. It was constant and very bright. Went outside to get a better look. Asked my kids if they could see it too. They said yes and pointed right at it.

Had to go inside and lay kiddos down for naptime. Went back outside about half hour later the bright object was still there and was now almost directly overhead. Tried taking some pics with my phone (all turning our fuzzy) so then grabbed my DSLR and a 300mm zoom lens. 

Was able to observe for almost 3 more hours. During that time the object had moved across a chunk of sky in a straight path, but I wasn't able to visually observe any movement/travel. To someone only looking for a few minutes would think it's stationary. At one point early in the last hour of observation it started getting smaller and smaller (getting further away?), to the point where visual aid was needed to see it at all anymore. 

The next day I sent an email to the local astronomical society to inquire about what may have been visible in the daytime sky between 11am-2pm the day before. I received a prompt reply next day that mentioned Mercury being in the south about 50 degrees to the right of the sun (but likely not visible to the naked eye). They mentioned the moon would have been a thin crescent about 40 degrees to the left and below the sun. Also, that the star Sirius should be visible in the south-east at about 20 degrees altitude. No other celestial happenings to be aware of were mentioned, nor did they mention observing anything out of the ordinary in the sky the day before. 

What I had observed though was directly overhead (90 degrees) and VERY visible on a bright, sunny day. Nothing mentioned in local news. No mention from anyone in the community. Thought someone at the astronomical society would have seen it. I sent a pic back to the astronomical society sharing what I had observed. Asked if they had seen anything like this before. No reply. 

Including 2 photos (one is zoomed using Windows picture edit), a video (apologies for annoying tripod adjustments - it was sticking), and a copy of the initial email exchange with local astronomical society.
