{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-24 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473633","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2826,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/633/mufon-5473633.json","updb_database_id":5473633}
{rjl} Occured daily for months then went away same now back again.

I live alone with my dog. I heard them first...communicating directly into my brain...thought I was talking to Jesus Christ and they clued in on that and used it...still are. I am still quite sane but beginning to wonder if I will remain this way. This is extensive but to highlight events their ship looks like Venus with side lights and there would be and is again a faint beam of light that pretty much follows me around. I can outrun it in my truck but it doesn't take them long to find me. I have gone to stay in motels a number of times but usually I am followed and attempts to escape them are futile. I don't have to speak to communicate, they read my thoughts as if I were speaking. The most consistent story is that they are from Jupiter and doing human research. They have been determined to make me a specimen and have tried to take me but for some reason don't seem to be able to get it done. They have and are also attempting to inhabit my brain and body to control my thoughts and movement. I sold my property and bought an RV to live in and escaped them for about two months. I previously reported this to UFO agencies, the military and local law enforcement but no luck on getting anyone to follow up and contact me. I would not have believed somebody telling this story either a few years ago. My cousin who lives nearby has also been with me when we watched this ship in a rare daytime sighting ascend straight up going from a low cloud to a higher one...among other movements. I have mostly prayed and hoped for the best not knowing what else to do...it seems that they singled me out and are quite determined to succeed in researching me. They say they have taken over two hundred humans and it seems that is an annual sound mindl event recording human evolvement. There is plenty more to tell and they don't seem to be very happy with me for getting this far. I do fear that they can and will harm me more than they already have. I believe that the military is aware but much to my disbelief, they have never sent anyone to speak with me.  [Name removed/cms/tg]  55 years old  of sound mind(for now) and getting desperate for any kind of help.
