{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-10 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451633","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110013","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2297,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/633/mufon-5451633.json","updb_database_id":5451633}
Brothers and I saw a UFO 25 feet in the air with rectangular lights moving in

My two brothers and I were playing in our back yard. My youngest brother was probably 9, me 11, and my oldest brother 13. While we were playing we went into a clearing in our yard that is open to space. My older brother looked up and noticed some lights hovering above us stationary, about 20 feet above us. We were all astonished by it, so we watched it. I remember I was scared out of my mind that I was about to be abducted. The UFO was about 20-30 feet in diameter, and all we could see were 6 rectangular shapes bent forming a circle. We could not see anything on the UFO except for these lights. My brother had a razer flip phone at the time, and he took it out to try and take a picture of it. When he looked at the picture, we could not see the lights. After that, we all ran inside our house and told our parents about the UFO in the back yard. Neither of them believed us, and thought we were full of it. We went back out and the lights were still there. We watched them for a little bit, and I started to get nervous about it, so I went back inside. I went back out a few minutes later, and the craft had disappeared. My parents and family dismissed it as being search lights, but I can't imagine how search lights could do such a thing, but my brothers and I firmly believe that we saw a UFO that night.
I felt the need to at least have the information down somewhere, as I still think of it regularly. It was a bizarre experience that I still can't believe happened. Nobody we've told about it has believed us. We've also seen a few other UFO's far up in the sky doing strange movements and making sharp turns.
