{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473941","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/941/mufon-5473941.json","updb_database_id":5473941}
{jpg} No UFO, only repile

All of the following events happened in my teen years.

1. I was 10 to 12 years old and I was sitting in my parents dining room. It was dark outside and I had the lights dimmed. Something told me to look outside, I'm not sure if I actually heard a voice or if i just had an extremely strong feeling. When I looked out the window, I saw a dark and slim figure standing about 10 ft away from the house. I thought someone was just walking through my yard, until the creature opened its eyes. Its eyes were piercing red and almost looked like they were glowing. Because of this, I have an extreme fear of looking into dark spaces or looking out windows when it's dark outside.

2. A few years after my first experience, I had a terrifying vision while I was asleep. I saw my grandfather, who was vacationing in Florida at the time, laying face down on a tile floor and surrounded by blood. There was a tall figure in a long black cloak with a hood standing next to my grandfathers body that had the same red eyes as I saw before. I then woke up from my dream to see the same hooded figure standing in a corner in my bedroom which then suddenly disappeared. I ran to my parents room screaming and told them the story after they woke up. My mother had to convince my father to call the hotel that his father was staying in to have someone check on my grandfather. The employee put my father on hold to go to the room my grandfather was staying in. A few minutes later, the employee picked up the phone and frantically told my father that my grandfather was in the bathroom when he fell and hit his head which caused a lot of bleeding and also knocked him out. When they found him, he was lying face down on the tile floor surrounded by blood. When they got him to the hospital, they determined that he had a stroke. To brighten the story a little, he did survive. 

3. I was driving home from work one night at around 10pm. I turned onto my parents street (which didn't have any lights so it was pitch black) when I saw an object running towards the street. I slammed on my brakes and watched as a dark green, scaly creature with bight red eyes ran in front of my car and into the woods. That was the last time I saw a creature like that.
