{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-26 13:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503941","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/941/mufon-5503941.json","updb_database_id":5503941}
{kt}bell shaped icy white looking object

03/26/14 It softly rained today with intermittent stoppages. At one stoppage at nearly 1:15 in the afternoon I saw what looked like white smoke. It wasn1t a smoke but perhaps a type of fog. The funny thing was that it was coming out of the ground from specific spots at the top left of our property. At one time this area was actively volcanic but it isn1t these days. There is no volcanic physical activity nor are there earthquakes. I couldn1t believe how much of this fog was being emitted from this area. I hurried to get my camera, Ovilus, and to get my shoes on. I went outside with this stuff still spewing out of the ground. When I got closer it stopped. I used the Ovilus to see if there was a temperature change. I held the Ovilus from my hand fully extended downward toward the ground. A change in temperature from this distance wasn1t indicated but the Ovilus did say 1deep, girl, gray1. I took pictures of the area to see if the camera would pick-up any anomalies while I walked around the area. I paced the South side starting from about the middle to my left, then back to the right, then back down again. On my way down through a clearing I saw a sort of bell shaped object. It looked pretty big. To best describe what it looked like would be to say that it looked like frozen milk but it was white rather than off-white. It was icy looking in its finish as though it was chiseled and, like frozen milk, it was opaque through semi-opaque. It was more translucent around the edges. I couldn1t see if was touching the ground because of the brush across its base. If it wasn1t touching the ground it was darned close. I turned away wanting to go to the top of the hill wanting to see if I could close in on it to get a shot but instead I turned back toward it looking to see if it was still there and it was. I stared at it a while trying to see if it would react and tried to see if it was possible to make more observations. I didn1t observe any sound or anything else. I turned away rushing toward the top of the hill wanting to get a good shot. I couldn1t see it anymore. A car started to come up the road that would have put the car behind it. I turned back looking all-the-while to the South on the same route that I originally saw it but I couldn1t see it any longer. I came back to the area and took more pictures of the area wondering if an orb or anything else would show itself. Maybe someone out there can tell me if there is something in these pictures or not but the pictures I1m submitting show a blurred area in all of them. It looks like some type of distortion. I took some other shots that weren1t blurred but I1m not submitting those.  After I returned to the house I saw the fog start up again. It stopped shortly afterward. I physically shook for about 1 hour afterwards.
