{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-12 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505941","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52882","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/941/mufon-5505941.json","updb_database_id":5505941}
{nd} Fleet of flickering UFOs with 3 turning Bright orange outside of FT Gordon

At 7:40 in the evening, went outside and noticed a bright white light above the tree line. I assumed it to be a plane, then saw two more lights appear next to it. Still thinking of planes, thought they were too close and I was about to witness a crash. In that same second, more lights came into view and the original 3 faded. There had to be around a dozen or more, however their lights all kept fading in and out. As soon as one faded in, another faded out. They were not in a straight line, rather they were almost like a scattered zigzag. i was unable to count them due to their fading in and out (and when this occurred, it wasnt all of them at the same time.As one would fade out 2 or 3 more would fade in). They were slowly moving towards the Grovetown area and were spotted above the tree line right outside Fort Gordon in between gates 1 and 2. After close to 3 minutes of observation, one went bright orange (the light emitted was significantly bigger), then faded out. Immediately after, another did the same to the left of the first one ( all while the other white lights were still fading in and out). Then a third. They continued slow movement afterwards towards the Grovetown area, two broke away and were slowly coming in the direction of my house.As they were too close for comfort, I immediately ran inside locking the doors. I looked out again 2 minutes later and observed 2 lights still lingering. Then about 3 minutes later heard a helicopter and looked out the window again; the unknown lights were gone, however the helicopter circled the area for a good 5 minutes. I did try to record the lights on my iPhone, they didn't pick up though, which is unusual because they werent that exceptionally far. I was scared and shaking though and was more interested in keeping my eyes on whatever they were while fumbling to turn my recorder on, on my phone.
