{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-01 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290941","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112397","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3960,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/941/mufon-5290941.json","updb_database_id":5290941}
Yellowish light source of unknown origin flew towards vehicle windshield at high rate of speed.

This event occurred during the early morning hours on April 01, 2020 at approximately 0230 hours. My wife and I were transporting our injured dog from Eastern Nebraska to a prominent specialty veterinary facility located in the State of Iowa for emergency back surgery. We were driving Westbound on Hwy. 880 in Cass County, somewhere between the towns of Avoca and Grant when something extremely strange occurred. All of a sudden I witnessed a yellowish light appear in the sky out ahead of our moving vehicle. I would say it was approximately at a 30 degree position to where the horizon would be located and seemed like it was very close to us. My initial thought when first seeing it was "Wow!..the highway must go directly under the flight path of landing aircraft to a local small airport". The light source, then got closer to our windshield and when it appeared to be directly in front of the glass, it moved quickly past the driver's side window (I was the driver). I looked to the left, saw it flash by then it completely disappeared. I then quickly looked out the side window to the North, there was nothing but darkness and then looked in all vehicle mirrors and saw nothing but darkness, I then looked at my wife and asked "Did you just see that!!??" She replied "Yes!!...what was that??" We both continued to talk about we had just seen and experienced for the remainder of our drive that morning. 

That being said, I want to follow up with this report by providing some additional information regarding my personal knowledge / experience in aviation, as well as the surrounding environment on that highway during this event. I have been an avid aviation buff since a child and have attended many airshows over the years, have experience working at an airport FBO, have flown onboard aircraft with friends who are pilots and I myself have recently begun flight training in helicopters etc. This was NOT an aircraft or drone by any stretch. This was more like a flying light source, similar to an orb, but I don't feel like it was in the shape of an orb. This incident occurred within seconds, maybe a total of 5, so it was almost as quick as your mind could could grasp or comprehend the event itself...it was over. The area of the highway we we traveling on is in a remote area consisting of miles of farmland, so it was pitch dark except for what our vehicle's headlights illuminated ahead on the road. No other traffic was around us at the time and as a matter of fact we saw very limited other vehicle traffic during the majority of our travel at that time in the morning. Also, just to be certain that there were no small airports or landing strips in that immediate area, I completed an online search later that day and found none. While I'm positive it wasn't an aircraft of drone, I just wanted to rule out the airport scenario completely. 
It was such an unusual and strange event that both my wife and I immediately turned towards each other after it had occurred in a state of simple astonishment. To this day it is the most bizarre experience I have ever experienced in my life. I feel highly confident in reporting this as a UFO, as I know what we both witnessed that morning and cannot come up with any reasonable explanation as to what we saw.
