{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490941","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68632","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5456,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/941/mufon-5490941.json","updb_database_id":5490941}
{jpg} Witnessed over 20 UFOs over a night fly above and around myself and my girlfriend

At 11 at night my girlfriend and I were sitting outside of a park star gazing. As we looked at the stars for a long period of time, I pointed out to her that two of them did not look like stars. Their distance was that of a star though. After staring at them for some time light started to flash around them. We originally thought that they were satellites. We saw what looked like shooting stars throughout the night and thought we were lucky to be where we were. Eventually I began to hear noises in the woods and asked her what animal life was around because I no longer felt alone. A short time after a sound occurred around us like when Mr. Smith entered Neo in the first matrix movie but briefer. We both heard this noise and felt extremely unsettled suddenly as if we needed to leave, something or someone was nearby. We packed up our things and I was asked which direction we should go and as if something forced my decision I definitively stated, "up this hill to the opening." As we walked, we sighted the first orb of light. At first my girlfriend believed it was a bug, but its size increased, and a sound was made by it like a plane but more silent and smoother. It flew just above us into the distance, and we followed it with our eyes until my girlfriend temporarily broke down. She fell to her knees and her eyes began to water with disbelief. I had a sense of calmness and got her gathered and we traveled to an opening in the middle of a field. After standing there shortly another orb flew past us making another sound. As we stared into the sky, we could see multiple light orbs flying in the sky at a much further distance. At first, we believed they were military until we noticed the speed at which they traveled. My girlfriend felt that she saw something some distance away, but I felt like we needed to stay where we were. After some time, we both decided to stay and laid out blankets to lay on. Looking in the sky we continued to notice the light orbs at varying distances. The sky looked like a fluid membrane and above us clouds surrounded us in all directions except for directly above our area. Objects, maybe ships seemed to be above us but cloaked from our vision. What looked like stars were moving slightly together in unison leading us to believe that something was there. We heard noises around us but could not tell what they were and for periods of time buzzing sounds occurred. I felt as if I were going to be taken and I was alone in that belief. After much discussion and an inability to leave for some reason, I began to experience the inexplicable. I told my girlfriend not to let me close my eyes for no apparent reason. Afterwards I did close my eyes and could feel her looking at me as soon as she did. I asked her why she was looking at e and she said that she just did at that moment. This happened three more times before my first episode. I looked at her and said, "I feel like my body is dying." She had no response. My muscles felt like they were atrophying and eventually I felt like I was nothing. My eyes rolled back in my head as I felt pressure building in my mind. As something was attempting to pull my being from my body, I fought it for what felt like hours. It had been 10 seconds and I awoke screaming and crying and kept saying that I was scared. My muscles had tensed to a point that I had never experienced and once again I experienced the same thing. I awoke again having no idea how long I had been out with my girlfriend on top of me holding me down crying. She was screaming stay with me! Look at me! I couldn't focus on her, and my eyes wandered around the sky. I felt as if I was looking at something, but nothing was there. My vision was altered, and I was no longer perceiving the earth for the reality I normally did. My girlfriend appeared foreign. I had seen her as if she was not human, through the eyes of something else. I had continued to break down and scream and cry frightfully until finally she stood me up and we began to pack. I could not walk normally; my steps were small, and my eyes wandered, and I turned my head looking all around me in confusion. With the help of my girlfriend, we made it to the path that led back to my car, and we saw one last orb. It flashed with green and red and eventually only white. It was the only one with these colors. The experience was over, but my mind continued to break down for some time until we returned home, and I was able to sleep. The following night my girlfriend laid awake and noticed what looked like a shooting star. Followed by more and more until she thought it was a meteor shower. She realized that these were the same orbs we saw the night before and looked online and noticed there were no meteor showers that night in our area.
