{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1970-06-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180666","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"oocs03","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180666,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Dog in car did not respond; dog outside of car did respondForm
97-AR
Date: Sat, 01 Oct 2005

From: Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist
Subject: Apopka,
Florida, June 29, 1970

Cat:
4
To: NICAP

Animal
Reaction Feature:

At
9:32 p.m., a couple, their two sons, and their dog were driving toward their
home in an orange grove area near Apopka.1
An oval green object was seen about 1,000 feet to their right and about
100 feet above the ground.11 The object
moved in over their car at an altitude roughly equivalent to the height of the
power lines, and it paced their car for a mile.1 The dog in the car did not react to the object1s presence. As the
couple arrived home, the object was seen to move in a low level sweep, leaving
mist behind it, and it then moved away.

1A second dog, which lived next door to the
couple, ran off howling just before the car with the witnesses arrived home to
see the final sweep of the object over the area and its departure.

The sighting:

The
object was a glowing green oval.1 It had
a smaller blue ring, estimated 20 feet in diameter, and one witness thought
this ring was depressed into the object.1
[It is not clear if the blue ring was around the circumference of the
oval or in some other position1jw.]1 The
object had a hazy edge and the bottom was convex.

When
the witnesses arrived home and moved from the car to the house, the object made
a level, close sweep of the area leaving a trail of mist about 20 feet wide
that gave off an apple-green light.1 The
mist hung in the air, spread out evenly, lost its glow, and then
dissipated.1 It was noted that it did
not fall to the ground.

No
EM effects, no sounds, and no physiological effects were reported.

Source:

1Lorenzen, Coral and Jim,
1976, Encounters with UFO Occupants, New York, Berkley Medallion
Books, pages 48-49 [Copied below]:

1111 Different people react differently to UFO
encounters, as we shall see in the next two cases.1 On the night of June 29, 1970, at approximately 9:32, Mr. And
Mrs. R. and their two sons of Apopka, Florida, were returning home from Orlando
when Mrs. R. spotted a glowing green oval object with a smaller blue ring about
1,000 feet to the right of their car and approximately 100 feet off the
ground.1 She called it to the attention
of her husband who was driving, and when Mr. R. spotted it, it was descending
at about a 451

angle
toward their car.1 They estimated the
blue ring to be about 20 feet in diameter and Mrs. R. Got the impression the
ring was depressed into the object.1
Both witnesses noted that the object had a hazy edge and that the bottom
was convex.

1111 The R. car was traveling at about 45
miles per hour when the object was first sighted but after it moved in and over
the car Mr. R. accelerated to about 90 miles per hour.1 He felt the object was higher than the
nearby service power lines but his wife felt it was lower.1 It paced the car for about a mile but as the
car passed under a streetlight it was temporarily lost from sight.

1111 Mr. R. slowed the car to turn into the
driveway of his home, which is located in the orange groves surrounding Apopka,
and the UFO moved slightly ahead.1 As
the Rs ran from their car to their house the object made a level close (100
feet in diameter) sweep of the area and moved off, leaving a trial of mist
about 20 feet wide which gave off an apple-green light.1 It hung in the air a few minutes before
dissipating.1 Mrs. R.1s father, who
lived next door, also observed the mist, which spread out evenly and lost its
glow but did not fall to the ground.1
The path of the mist left by the UFO was thick on the outside of the
turn and thin on the inside.1 At first
the R.1s could (not?1jw) see the stars through the thick part of the mist.

1111 The R.1s dog, which was in the car during
the incident, did not react to the object1s presence whereas a second dog,
belonging to Mrs. R.1s mother, ran off howling just before the Rs and the UFO
arrived at the house.
