{"collection":"UPDB-Skinwalker","document_date":"2009-06-30 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-skinwalker-report-6034869","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"UR-20090630-1","source_file":"UPDB-Skinwalker/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":6034869,"updb_source":"SKINWALKER"}
stationary light slightly above highest peak. . "We ruled out any celestial body, as any object would have been completely hidden by the cloud cover." Additionally computer based software containing star maps confirmed that no celestial body should have been visible in that area of the sky." "Given that the light could only be seen using the NVGs it is possible that it was an infrared reflector or another but much larger night vision device. It is possible that someone was using a tripod mounted night vision device from the top of the mesa. The location of the light would be an outstanding high point for reconnaissance of a majority of the property. In order to test this theory, Advisor 4 went down range using his night vision scope. From the deck of homestead 1, we did see the light from his scope at approximately 500 meters out; however, the light source was smaller and moving. We demonstrated that no matter how hard one may try to hold the device still there is still detectable movement supporting the need for a tripod. Additionally Advisor 4 held an IR reflector known as ‘glint tape’, which could not be seen at 500 meters from our NVGs. This was expected, as the third generation NVGs used do not have an IR Illuminator. These tests demonstrate the previous conclusion that the source may have been a larger night vision device; however, based on the size of the light it would have to be a very large, tripod mounted, source which would be very difficult to get up to the top of the mesa and most likely too expensive for a local amateur observer." "During the daylight hours on 1 July, Advisors climbed up to the point where we saw the light. We confirmed that it is an excellent reconnaissance point. Additionally we found fresh cigarettes (two different brands indicating likely multiple persons), and empty energy drink cans indicating the effort to stay awake and alert at night. Advisor 5 located boot prints leading down to horse tracks on the back side of the mesa leading us to believe that unknown persons are riding horses as far as they can then walking up to the reconnaissance point. Based on the terrain it is our opinion that it would be very difficult to get large and heavy equipment up to the observation point. The trespassers likely travel light and use handheld equipment. "

Catalog Entry: UR-20090630-1
Local Time: 21:45
Shape: Upon Subsequent Conversation, It Was Discovered That In Fact Several Individuals Clearly Saw Differently Shaped Bright Objects Over The Ridge: The Usaf Colonel And The Ranch Manager Saw A Rectangular Bright Object, The Baass Administrator And The Usn Military Officer Saw A Perfectly Round Object, The Marine Saw A Distinct Oval Shaped Object And The Security Guard Saw A Large Diamond Shaped Object. Thus, While All Four Groups Saw A Brightly Lit Large Object In The Exact Location Above The Ridge, Four Separate Shapes Were Seen.
Trajectory (Lift / Propulsion): Direction:
 Movement: completely stationary. then disappeared.
 Speed:
 Distance:
 Altitude:
 Angle of Observation:
 Effects:
