{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-02 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505982","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52840","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4097,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/982/mufon-5505982.json","updb_database_id":5505982}
{kt}Hovered in sky, occas. turning, diminished slowly in sz and suddenly disappeared.

It has been cold outside for several days. One night I was walking outside to the garage and looked up at how clear and pretty the sky was. I saw an odd looking arrow shaped object brilliant in the sky, that Id never seen before. At first I thought it was a satellite and dismissed it. Dec. 2nd I went out to walk around the yard while letting the dogs run and do their thing and the object was there again, a little further sw than the night before. It was arrow shaped at the top with long tail, looked as if made up of many separate orbs of brilliant white lights with slight golden tint, at bottom of tail was a short line of orbs pointing upward at 45 degree angle. Object would seem to turn and tail sometimes shorten, and it seemed to rotate slowly as it hovered. Distance hard to guess but possibly at same altitude as airplane flight distances. Hovered for 15 min. then started to move off further sw for a few seconds before completely disappearing. This has been going on every night since Dec. 2nd. Sometimes object is closer and the last three nights there have been 3-5 similar objects at different distances in the sky. One night the objects were accompanied by three orbs which formed a triangle. They blinked back and forth as if communicating and then moved closer to one of the larger arrow objects, which then began to flash a red orb from the point of the "arrow" at the top. One of the orbs then "zoomed" across the sky to the southeast and suddenly disappeared. Night before last several objects in the sky again, scattered from the southeast to the southwest. Two of these objects started flashing their topmost orb back and forth as if talking to each other - while doing so the points or top orbs turned red while flashing. When they finished the smaller of the two objects (or more distant object), suddenly disappeared. Last night there were 5 objects in the sky, and this was at approx. 705pm. Suddenly there were three black helicopters zooming through the sky with red lights flashing on them, (and which Id never seen the helicopters use at night before) toward one of the more distant arrow objects. The arrow disappeared and I did not see the helicopters the rest of the night. Not unusual for the house to be buzzed with black helicopters as Ft. Riley is south of us and they fly overhead fairly regularly, enough for us to recognize them. The only 2 nights I have not seen these strange objects was when there were extremely heavy rain or snow clouds overhead and nothing could be seen through them. Approx. two nights ago an airplane flew overhead and it was further out than the objects. They have shown up sometimes as early as 5:30, sometimes after 7pm, occasionally 1, 2, and 3a.m. As far as feeling and/or reactions, I was rather excited and elated at seeing them, and hoping I wasnt hallucinating. I went the first night and got my family to come out and look and confirm I wasnt seeing things and they said they were seeing what I was seeing. I say excited and elated at seeing them because I believe we have been visited by UFOs/EBEs for some time and the government is keeping it secret. Its time they quit lying to the public and tell us the truth. I would be curious about the visitors and would like to know the truth, even if it was not good news, (i.e. if they are not here for our well-being), but thats not up to the government to decide, we have a right to know.
