{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-22 04:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516982","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3302,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/982/mufon-5516982.json","updb_database_id":5516982}
{nd} 4 Flashing Lights

My husband and I went to the back porch to look at a star he told me about. Apparently he had seen it the night before and it came out at 4am. So I stayed up with him to see this, and sure enough at exactly 4am there it was. It was very bright and low in the sky..very strange. I noticed a light flash out of my peripheral. It was 4:04am. I looked to the north and saw a strange flashing light in the sky. It was far away and lower to the ground than the other stars. I thought it was a shooting star first and then an airplane. But then we noticed it was standing still. It flashed red, white, and blue. It was very bright, brighter than the other stars. Then we saw another back to the ease where the original star was. It was lower than the star and to the right of it. It was doing the same thing as the light to the north. I filmed it for about 12 minutes. Then I went inside because I was frightened. Another star had popped up, and it was huge, very bright and lower to the ground than any of them. It didn't flash or blink or anything, but it had come out of nowhere and looked very close. It was below the second UFO to the east and below the original star. I was very scared the entire time. I actually had tears in my eyes at one point, as I gawked up in amazement at these lights. It was a very bizarre feeling. I was frightened but amazed at the same time. I felt small and vulnerable. I also never believed in aliens or UFOs before and if this proves to be anything I will. Ive had some trouble sleeping since this night, but am starting to feel more calm about the situation. I am also sick now with a fever, probably from worrying myself to death. We watched the two UFOs for an hour and a half, until 5:30am. Two more, that were further away, popped up around 5 am. One was below the UFO to the north and one between the first two UFOs. We went inside and went to bed because it was so late and had to get up in a couple of hours. I also noticed on my video that it looks like another appeared above the UFO to the east. It was smaller but a light would flash very brightly, briefly, and then disappear. It would flash again in another spot close by after a couple of seconds. It flashed red and white. There was also a loud crash/thunder noise during this event. It might have been train brakes though, but I had never heard it before from the trains(we live by the train tracks)and it came from the west not the east where the tracks are located.
