{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-13 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286982","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116398","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/982/mufon-5286982.json","updb_database_id":5286982}
There is no way I could describe what happened in a short summary. I’ve been thinking about how to explain it since it happened and I’m still confused

I want to just begin by saying, I don’t drink. I don’t do drugs. I don’t have a history of mental illness. I’m probably as confused as you will be after reading this. 

I’m someone that meditates regularly, I was coming inside the house from our garage, I try to meditate outdoors but it was cooler so I just sat in our garage. 
When coming inside from the side door, there is a little staircase leading to the front door to your left. I turned to the left because I saw light coming from the window on the front door. 
The house is in a valley, there are extremely large hills on either side of us. Dense, uninhabited forests cover the hills. 
Usually when I look outside of that window, you can just see up into the sky and see some of the trees on the hilltop. 
I saw a bright white light glowing very far off, but it was hovering behind the tree in our front yard. I assumed it was a star at first, but as I made that assumption, the light turned completely off. And as soon as I thought, “that’s weird”, the light turned back on. It was in the same place in the sky. I turned my body to face the window, my attention was directed solely on focusing on this light. And as I faced it, the light began to blink from bright white to a flash of blue. So I assumed, maybe it is an airplane passing by. But this light was stationary, it was not moving. The only thing changing was the blinking between white and blue. 
I watched it for about ten minutes before shrugging it off and walking to my den. The windows in my den overlook the entire sky (the door window was very small) including over the treetops. 
When I got to my den, I noticed the light was still there. But when I sat down on my couch, the blinds open, in the corner of my eye I saw movement. I looked out of the window again and the light had moved. It had previously been positioned by the tree in our yard, so I could see it perfectly in the front door window. Now that I’m in the den, the light is hovering in the distance over the hill. It had clearly moved. There are stars up in the sky, I can now tell the difference between the stars and these lights. And as I thought, “is that a UFO?” The lights went completely off. My heart started racing and I just watched that spot in the sky in anticipation. The lights turned back on. And then as if to prove a point, they turned off, then turned back on again. They weren’t moving position, they were just hovering. 
And I thought in my head, “That is a UFO.” And as soon as I did, the light went completely out. And when the light came back on, it had moved and was MILES away in a different location. It was between the two hills, positioned perfectly in front of my window. I was amazed and remember thinking about how amazing it was, how fast it was, and as I did, the lights turned off. Then back on. And I said out loud, I’m not sure why, “If you can hear me right now, turn your lights off and on twice.” And to my surprise, the lights turned off, turned back on, then turned off, then turned back on. 
I sat there silent for a few minutes because I was honestly shocked. And then I continued to ask multiple questions, with blinking on and off for yes and remaining fully off for a moment, as no. 
After about fifteen minutes and when I was silent with no other questions, “You are perceiving this” just echoed in my head. It was my own voice but it really didn’t feel like it was my own thought, if that makes any sense. 
And as I kind of realized that they were speaking to me through my consciousness or whatever was happening, the lights went completely off. I watched and waited, I don’t know how much time went by, but then a blue glowing diamond (with rounded edges) appeared in front of the hill, a lot larger so I assumed that it was the same craft, just now it was closer. Now I could see the blue light more clearly, it honestly was glowing like nothing I had ever seen before. I want to say it looked more like a blue fire, but it didn’t breathe and move like fire does. It was maybe more like an aura of blue? As I was taking in the blue light and trying to figure it out, I could very very faintly make out the outline of the shape behind the diamond. I could see rotating, metallic, what looked like wedding bands with texture on them. The rings were moving and collapsing, the movement seemed impossible. How do circles collapse on each other and entangle with other circles? But I was realizing, as I was watching the movement, that It was hovering over my neighbors’ houses, it was probably as big as the entire neighborhood, if I’m being honest. 
And as I was taking it in, I was in awe. I felt no negativity, I felt no ill will. I felt nothing bad (I’ve had my fair share of bad intuitions), I was just purely amazed. 
And as I’m staring at it, I watched as a police officer pulled up in front of my house. And he parked directly in front of my window. I was expecting him to get out of the car and knock on my door honestly but no one got out of the car. They parked there, stayed parked there. 

After probably 20 minutes of watching this, then looking at the police officer, back and forth, the blue glowing diamond began to fade into darkness. I could see the outline of it, but it had all of the lights off. Then it blinked like it had earlier, and it was very far away again. And with another blink, I couldn’t see it anymore. 

I fell asleep on that couch, in front of the windows, with the blinds pulled up, just waiting to see something again. Nothing else happened to my knowledge. 

For days, I wondered if anyone in the area had seen this too. I had room mates at the time that were not into aliens, they don’t believe other life exist. I felt like I couldn’t really talk about it. But the more I dig into research on my own, the more I’m beginning to find that I should just speak up about this. 

I’m not sure how many other people saw it but I know that the police officer couldn’t have missed it. And I didn’t know if I should go outside to ask if he’s seeing it, I just didn’t know what to do. 

I have told my mom about this and that’s it, I’m nervous people will just laugh and think I’m insane. But I’m honestly changed. I will never be the same, in the best way possible. My mom suggested I write to you. 

If anyone else in the area saw this, please speak up.
