{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1957-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489982","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69619","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4374,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/982/mufon-5489982.json","updb_database_id":5489982}
{rjl} Opened door to go out to the outhouse, UFO hovering over house in country

I am 67 years old and have never told anyone about this event due to possible ridicule, scorn, disbelief and/or loss of credibility. When I was 9 years old we lived in a rental farm house in the country (southern Indiana). At that time, there were few farmhouses in the area as most of the countryside was tree covered with lots of vegetation. We did not have indoor plumbing and in fact we had to use an outhouse about 150 feet from the house. As was my usual routine, I needed to relieve myself very early in the morning. That morning, as I was opening the kitchen door, I looked up and was in shock as I witnessed a very large saucer shaped aircraft hovering over our farm house. I was terrified and immediately went upstairs and woke my Mother. She did not believe me and thought I was imagining the craft. I can still vividly see in my minds eye the craft as it silently hovered about 100 feet over the house. It was clearly observable with approximately 3/4ths of the craft in open view. The remainder of the craft was not visible as it was obscured by the roof of our house. I once casually mentioned this event when I was in my 20's as a young Army soldier. I was immediately laughed at and was called "hey UFO". I tried to mitigate the flack I was receiving and told the men I worked with (who I thought I could trust) that I was just kidding. So for years, I kept this to myself and filed it away.

2nd encounter:
BTW, I am a retired US Army Veteran and while on active duty, had a TOP Secret security clearance. I am now a career employee currently working for the Federal Government. I feel compelled to say this: I am telling this now because I do not want to go to my grave without doing so. At this point in my life I could care less if the whole world laughs at me. But you know what, it is true and I know what I saw. Now, lets go forward to 1980. While stationed at the US Military Academy at West Point NY, I was a member of the W.P. Rod & Gun Club but I only fished. One beautiful Saturday I had been fishing on a remote lake for much of the day. As the sun was setting, approx 7PM) I was on the lake by myself, fishing in the middle of the lake. All of a sudden, I got the strangest feeling that I've never had before. It was as though the hair on my neck was standing up and I sensed a tingling sensation all over. The feeling of emanate danger was all consuming to the point that I started to panic. I said to myself, what in the world is wrong with me and tried to shrug it off. The feeling persisted and as I looked at the high hills across the lake, I noticed an incredible fog bank. It appeared to be solid and had the appearance of mashed potatoes. Again, I've fished this and surrounding lakes numerous times and never experienced such an event. This fog bank was like a curtain being drawn and was uniformly descending toward the lake. I immediately started my small motor and made a dash toward the dock. By the time I reached the dock, the fog had reached the far side of the lake but continued to come toward me. I left my fishing gear on the dock and ran to my van. I started the engine and floored the gas pedal. From Round Pond to the highway was about 3/4ths of a mile. When I was in sight of the highway, something flew over my van at a very high rate of speed. When it passed my van, a series of flashing lights (red/yellow/orange) flashed in through the windshield. It lit up my van and was gone in a flash. Now that's my story. I did not then, nor do I now have an explanation of why these events happened but they did and I feel relieved that I've finally told it to someone who may believe me. Thanks for allowing me to tell my accounts of these incidents.
