{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-15 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509982","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48431","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3282,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/982/mufon-5509982.json","updb_database_id":5509982}
{nd} The pilot was about 30 years old, dark hair, military haircut, sitting in a dome in a pivot style captain Kirk chair

Im about to relay a story that few of you will believe. No Im not on drugs, no Im not kidding at all, not one bit. If you disbelieve my eyes, do me a favor and keep it to yourself. I know what we saw...

Has anyone ever seen a military craft like this? In the dome is a swivel seat in which I saw who I believe was a Marine Pilot in a green pressure suit with no helmet. It sounded like a diesel train. Just before I saw it, there were a series of twister like rotational updrafts off in the distance. It was capable of changing bearing without changing the direction it faced. It can travel very low to the ground. When I saw it, it was about 200 feet in the air. The pilot noticed me, flew within 1/8 mile close to me, nearly hovering in one spot at one point, and then headed off into the commercial flight lines with an incredible capacity for acceleration and was easily capable of speeds approaching what I consider to be a thousand miles an hour. I was in Vancouver WA and the location I was at had a reasonably decent view of the flight lines that go to the coast whereupon I normally watch the planes alter course and head north to Canada, or south to California. It reached the point of breaking south within 30 seconds and then simply disappeared into the night... Its definitely a UFO to me but having seen the pilot it was unmistakably a decorated military pilot at the helm. The height of the fuselage was about 10 feet tall, 15 feet wide at the nose and 40 feet wide at the widest point through the stern. The pilot was about 30 years old, dark hair, military haircut, sitting in a pivot style captain Kirk chair. The craft flew such that the stern was angled up from the elevation of the nose. I cant recall if I saw the bottom of the craft but I remember wondering where the [Item Moved/CMS/nd] the diesel train sound was coming from and then I saw this in the air. I do not recall specifically any lights on the bottom of the craft, but due to the angle of the craft and the low proximity to the ground and the distance away from me, I could not ever see the bottom of the craft. I had someone with me at the time and she saw this craft as well. The surface of the craft had a look of corrugated metal like would be used on an overhang for a backyard deck along the sides of the craft, and a flat matte grey upper surface. The dome provided a 360 view of the surroundings.

It was positively the most advanced aircraft I have ever laid eyes upon.
