{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527982","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4598,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/982/mufon-5527982.json","updb_database_id":5527982}
3rd Night of Triangle Sighting, Same Location & Time

Give me a moment to explain from the start... I had a sighting back on Dec 15th, 2010 of a triangle flying over my house. (Mufon report #27109) Since then, I have been watching the sky hoping to see it again, and to have a witness this time.

Monday night at 2110 hrs I was on my front porch having a cigarette and spotted this white light in the area that appeared to be above Cupertino, CA about 5-7 miles away. I noticed that this was in no way a plane, chopper, or star and just watched it. I looked away for about two minutes, and when I looked back, it was gone.

Last night, I went out front again at the same time, and there it was AGAIN. This time, it looked to be in the same area, but about 1/2 mile south from first location. This time I wanted to know for sure what it was and was going to get my telescope out and check. Right then this strange guy came walking through my complex and started checking out cars, so out of safety I focused on him and alerted my husband. We were concentrating on this guy for about four minutes and when I remembered about the light I looked back up and it was gone.

That brings us to tonight. At about 1800 hrs I was on my back patio and noticed alot of military choppers flying around. I wondered if my friend was back, but blew it off. 

I went out front at 2050 hrs and you got it... there it was again. This time I was NOT going to let it get away. I got my telescope out right away and focused on it. I couldn't believe it. I was looking at a triangle/"V" with red and white lights on it. I called *(Name removed--CMS/sg) (my hubby) to look at it and be my witness and verify that I am not turing into some kind of UFO junky. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. He said that he was also seeing the triangle/"V" with the red, and white lights. He said he also saw amber lights on it. We are 100% sure of what we saw. I kept it on the scope and we just kept taking turns looking at it. He tried taking pictures of it on his camera, but with the low battery and trying to get it through the tele, he doesn't believe he captured it, just a blur. (He will check pics 2/3/11) Both *(Name removed--CMS/sg and I are able to draw detailed pictures, scan them, and email them if Mufon is interested. It didn't seem to be moving at all, just hovering about the Cupertino area. During all this, helicopters seemed to be flying over it, right by it, and just staying near the object.

At 2109 hrs the lights turned off and was not viewable with the naked eye. However, I was still able to see it clearly through the tele. I watched it until about 2115 hrs when I gave up because it seemed to be moving toward the south (ocean) and was only a blurry blob on the tele.

I came back in and saw that [Name removed CMS/dr] was already sketching what he saw onto paper. I then sketched what I saw right underneath it. After that I kept looking out the window to see if I could get lucky twice in the same night. At 2130 hrs I noticed two helicopters flying fast overhead from the Santa Cruz mountains towards Moffit field. I heard them and within a second of each other they turned their lights on. Why did they have their lights off before this point of flight? They were making a mad dash back to the base. Were they chasing the object? I found that interesting. I watched for another minute or two when two more choppers came out of nowhere and went to the area where the object was hanging out. I think the military was chasing it and investigating whatever it was. 

Since this was the third night in a row, is it going to come back tomorrow? I hope so! I will have the batteries charged for the camera, and my video camera. I will keep you all posted. For any of you who are curious, I live near Good Samaritan Hosp, so from that area, start looking at around 8:45 pm towards Cupertino. I am hoping to see it appear as I have missed it's great entrance for the third time in a row.
