{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524982","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3482,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/982/mufon-5524982.json","updb_database_id":5524982}
low, silent, large, slow moving, black triangle, lights down each side

8/11/11

Now this was some time ago, and having been so long my date and time of day are entirely approximated, however I am certain of what I saw and many of the details are still with me in my memory.

About four years ago and during the middle of the afternoon I left my house and began driving on a road just around the corner. I reached the first stop sign, no more than a minute away from my house, and saw something above me in the sky. Now I don't know if it was shock, or panic, or disbelief, but I was in such a frantic hurry to step out of my car and get a better look that the second my hand found the door handle I literally fell out of the side of my car and onto the road. I stood up and watched as an enormous black triangle moved away from me, traveling in the opposite direction that my car was facing. I remember it as being very low to the ground, and surprisingly silent. It was moving so slowly that I couldn't believe it to be any sort of conventional aircraft. Down the bottom of each side were (maybe four?) round lights. I stood and watched as it moved slowly away from me, at which point my memory of the sighting is finished. I cannot recall if I watched it travel out of sight, or if it simply disappeared as it does as I try to relive the experience in my head today. I remember being in such a state of shock throughout the event that any notion of taking a picture with my cell phone never occurred to me. Immediately afterwards, however, I saved whatever details I could into my cell phone as a draft to the person I had been texting with most recently. This was because I was so hurried in preserving what I could that I simply opened the fastest medium on which I could record. The words I saved read something like "low, silent, black triangle, lights down each side." I then returned to my car, turned around, and drove straight back home. Any intentions of continuing to wherever I was heading were completely forgotten. I told a few people, namely my parents and a couple of friends, what I had seen, but I was just met with skepticism and a condescending disbelief. I haven't talked about it much since then, however I have seen remarkably similar images portrayed on various UFO sighting TV shows. In fact, I just finished watching one which put the incident back into the front of my mind, and now I feel so compelled to share the encounter with someone who might put the information to use that it has been driving me crazy for the past hour or so. If I find the cell phone on which I saved the draft, I will also find the specific date and time of the incident. I haven't even tried searching since I am currently so obsessed with getting this out. I hope my description helps, and I would appreciate it if anybody with additional or relevant information might contact me.
