{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-15 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493982","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65517","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2467,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/982/mufon-5493982.json","updb_database_id":5493982}
{cak} light star like. light off and on going down. like its power going out it has to be down u.f.o. in hobbs n.m.

I was inside my home just after a severe thunderstorm, and I was watching the clouds as they were hanging in the sky out of my back door. I saw a light in the sky and it caught my attention because the sky was full of heavy clouds, and here the light appeared to be hanging under the clouds. I was seeing it just over the electrical wire that comes from our pole to the house on our west side. That wire was how I was gauging movement of this light, it hung in one place for about 10 minutes, and then began to drop down very slowly. With the movement of the light down, it began to occasionally get brighter, then fade, then get bright again. It got closer to the horizon, I am unable to determine whether it was actually dropping or travelling away from me. One time, it seemed to have a small, dim light separate and fly away rapidly, quickly fading away. Within about 90 minutes I watched the light drop from above the wire in the beginning, gauging by the wire, to about the top of our fence, which is 5 foot tall, and fading in the brightness. It finally disappeared by getting lower and fading more and more. We have seen this same type of light moving from west to east several times. Since it is opposite the movement of the stars, we know it has to be something other than our natural sky with very few clouds. I have reported this to our police department, and received nothing but a reaction as if I was either drunk, doped up, or just plain stupid. The first reaction would be that we were seeing an ordinary star, but this is much larger than a star. I would say that it appeared more like an airplanes lights when you see them approach for landing, but planes always blink, and this didn't blink. It was mostly solid, with only an occasional blink.
