{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1980-09-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181954","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"exnggv","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181954,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Object with whistling noise lands on farmGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
Rosedale, Victoria, Australia
September 30, 1980
* Also listed as a Category 6, Trace case

Animal Reaction Feature:
About 1 a.m. on a clear, calm, moon lit night, George Blackwell, 54, farm
hand and caretaker, was awakened by a screeching whistle and the sounds of
cattle bellowing and of a horse running about as if panicked. Looking
out, he saw the cattle up in one corner of a paddock and the horse was running
in a circle in a small paddock. He also saw an object with lights moving
8-10 feet above the ground. It was not illuminating the ground.
For about 2 minutes, still making a whistling sound, the object moved about,
passing near a shed, a hedge estimated 500 feet away, and a silo, and it hovered
for a minute over a water tank, before settling on the ground.

Dressing and going out on his motorbike, Blackwell rode toward the landed
object, which was continuing to make a whistling sound. Stopping to
open a gate, a disturbed cow, frothing at the mouth, came through the gate
and hid itself in an adjacent shed. Blackwell rode his bike to 50 feet
from the object and watched until it took off.

A week after this event, cattle were still having to be rounded up to the
east (at the end of a large paddock), and the stock would not go near the
area of landing, marked by a dark ring on the ground.

Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
Blackwell rode his motorbike out into the paddocks and observed the landed,
whistling object from 50 feet away.  The object consisted of two
domes, a small white dome on top and a large orange dome with circular windows
or lights (orange and blue) underneath the white dome. The height was estimated
as about 15 feet and the diameter, as 26 feet. After about 3 minutes,
the noise increased and a black tube appeared around the base of the orange
dome. The black tube seemed to inflate beyond the diameter of the object,
and with a tremendous 1bang1 and a blast of air and heat, the object lifted
up and moved away. The headlight of Blackwell1s bike lit the base, and
the black tube seemed to deflate toward the center of the base, and six evenly
spaced spokes were seen around the base. At 30 feet out and at an altitude
of 8-10 feet, the object became silent and debris fell away from the underside.
It disappeared going east.

As Blackwell sat on his motorbike, which was still running, his body felt
like jelly1(trembling), and he could go no closer to the object because of
the intensity of the noise. Other physiological effects included reoccurring
headaches for 7-8 days and vomiting and diarrhea for the same period.
No EM effects were reported (motor bike and its headlight were unaffected).
Blackwell1s watch would not run when he wore it for 3 days, although it did
run when he was not wearing it

The next day, a circular ring and other ground traces were found. About 10,000
gallons of water reportedly disappeared from a concrete, open-topped water
tank over which the object hovered.

Source:
Basterfield, Keith and Bill Chalker, Rosedale Victoria: A Close Encounter:
See http://www.theozfiles.com/rosedale.html , excerpted from 1UFO Research
in Australia and New Zealand,1 1989, a book on disk, compiled by Vladimir
and Pony Godic.

Basterfield, Keith and Bill Chalker, updated October 1997 and February 1998,
A Catalogue of Australian Physical Trace Case. See: http://www.project1947.com/bctrace1.htm.

Hall, Richard H., editor, 2001, The UFO Evidence, Volume II, Lanham
MD, Scarecrow Press, p. 62-63.
