{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-10 06:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74964","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":15144,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5484835.json","updb_database_id":5484835}
{jpg} i know how it sounds ... but if you are relay looking for some truth i can show you .. you won't be able to deny what im telling you

I wrote this a few months ago allot more has happened since then ,Richard c Hoagland asked me to type this up I sent it to him ,I don't think he cared , they signal to me like if they were children , I think they are so awesome ,. no one seems to won't to know the truth .......................... well here it is
Hello, my name is [Name removed/cms/tg]. I need to start at the beginning . I am married with 2 kids. My wife's name is "W" and my children's names are "M1" and "M2". This all started on September 10, 2009 around 6:05 am. I was in my semi truck on Hwy 22 and 7 south of Litchfield (Meeker County, MN). I was on my phone with my wife at the time. I was coming up to the intersection where there is a woods straight in front of me. I saw what looked like an airplane. I turned East onto Hwy 7 and went about a quarter mile. Then I realized it was not a plane. It was some kind of ship/space craft. It was 100 ft. off the ground. It crossed the road right in front of me at 30mph. I was still on the phone with my wife and screaming with excitement. She didn1t know what was going on and I told her 1IT1S A SPACE SHIP!1 I was pretty crazed. I asked if she could see it as she jus t got off work. (She works in Hutchinson at 3m). A lot was going on that I can1t write. As the ship crossed the road it turned sideways. Parallel with me in the field. It had 2 light, white beam but they were not light like we know. The ship shadowed me in the field and as my wife was coming down the road, I was yelling at her, 1DO YOU SEEE IT IN THE FIELD?1 She didn1t see it but I was hysterical and she said, 1What the **** is your problem? she seen me go by but I didn't see here , So I got off the phone with her and I saw it go faster and go around Hutchinson, MN. I did not see it anymore I was going through town. I then headed south on Hwy 22 and I saw it again. If you weren1t looking for it, you would not have noticed or seen it. It tracked with me all the way to Glencoe, MN. I stopped to get fuel in my truck. I thought I would never see it again. I was now 6:43 am. I headed East again on Hwy 22 toward Minneapolis, MN. 20 miles down the road I had called my dad to tell him what happened, and as I was coming into Bongard, I saw it again ahead of me.
I was getting crazed. I told my dad what I had seen and what I am looking at. I drove 20 more miles to the edge of Chaska, Mn and before I turned on Jordan Road to get to the grave pit I was working in. I pulled over to the side of the road and watched the ship go up. Then I saw a giant glowing ball (orange). It went up to the glowing ball fast, then back down fast at a 45 degree angle. The ball flickered, the lights on the orange ball turned on and off , then the smaller ship left. I was still watching the ball. My dad was asking me what I was seeing. Then the ball flickered off and I thought that was it. Then it turned on again and it floated North.
This was my first experience to know we are not alone.
2 years passed. I told everybody about it all the time. It consumed me. On November 28, 2009 at 6:00 pm things got crazy . "W", "M1", "M2", and I went up North for her family's Thanksgiving party. I was worried about something that happened the night before with the "aliens" that I will not share with you at this moment. Actually, I was scared, really scared! (If I ever talk to you in person, I will tell you everything.) When we were coming home I was scared that there was someone at the house. Trust me, you would have felt the same if you were me. We were almost home and we drove by the house. "W" was not happy. Women for you. We turned around and I just couldn1t drive in the driveway yet. I drove by again. Then feeling "W"'s wrath, I turned around and drove into the shop across the street. 1Kids to you see anything?1 1No one.1 Then I drove in the driveway. A-okay, good. I asked "W" and the kids to come outside to help put wood the outside boiler. They said they would. The time was 6:00 pm. "M1" and I went out the front door, walked by the well pump and we were standing there looking at two 100 ft. across, orbs. They were amber . My son said "Look at the little red scout ships. OMG." I was crazed, but soon calmed down. "M2", my daughter, came out the shop door and I said "Go get your Mom. Go get your Mom." and "W" was behind her. She said "Get me for ****ing what?!" I said look, space ships. "W" went right though the roof (bitching). She doesn1t like them. She said, " I don't give a **** about them. Let1s just put wood in.1 I said, 1But there are space ships right here!1 (Putting my hands out in their direction.) They were 500 ft. away and 100 ft. across. They were right there and the little red ship thing was trying to get back in the ship on the left. The little red ship was not stable, it bounced all over. When it moved, it arced and was stable. "W" got violent bitchy. She was bitching so much that the orb ship on the left, with the little red ship started to move away to the left. The little red ship gave up trying to get in and just followed the big orb (up to the right) out of any wake I guess. I stepped with both feet forward and with my voice said, 1I want to talk to you. Can you come down here and talk to me." Then "W"'s bitching was so much. She said, 1Let1s just put ****ing wood in!1 So I said ok. Then the ship on the left was floating off, with the little red ship up to the right of it. The other one was just sitting there. I said verbally, 1I have to put wood in, so if you are still here when I get back, we1ll talk.1 We put wood in, I went back over there and they were both gone. OMG.
My wife hated me talking about the first space ship. You can only imagine... Then I went out, that same night at 10:00 to put wood in for the night. I heard something that sounded like a jet engine but a higher pitch, winding sound, close to the ground. So I walked out in front of the shop and the moon was full. I was looking ahead of the sound to see it and just luck I guess; it passed right in front of the moon. It was black. No lights on. Not moving that fast. It had a swirling jet exhaust. I don1t know what that was but it was human. I can see all these thing in my memory, like picture perfect. You don1t forget things like this.
Okay, next thing. December 9, 2009. The next month that night, 6:00 to 9:00, not sure exact time, I turned around outside putting wood in and at a 45 degree angle, one of those orb ships come shooting down to my property and stopped dead. I ran to the corner of the drive and said 1Are you going to talk to me now1. Then like a plasma or fog the light shut off from the left to the right, like fog. It was black as they sky around it. Almost like it was just mirroring the sky around it. It was 100 ft. up. Now I should have stayed there until my legs gave out, but I went into the house. I didn1t tell "W" or the kids for about an hour. Crazy right. There is stuff I can1t tell you. If its dreams or I1m just nuts. So I won1t get into that right now. I feel that telling you what I've visually seen is better for now.
2 months later February 5, 2010, my friend, Joe, and I went out to the lake, noon, and cut some holes in the ice to night spear fish. At 9:30 pm I was in the living room. I was watching some TV, going to pick up my friend at 10 and go back to the lake. I was sitting in my chair and a blue light was flashing in the windows. "M1" and "M2" were in the family room and I looked out the window. It looked like a blue and white light. I thought it was an airplane turning around and right then, it just developed into an orange orb ship. I was so happy. I was yelling, 1There here, there here!1. My kids came upstairs and we were watching them from the window. The ship floated over closer to the house and over the oak tree off the steps. 175 ft off the ground. I had a bright idea. I just bought a 2 million candle spot light for ice fishing. It was ready to go. I said to my kids to keep their eyes on them. I1m going to get the spotlight. I got the spotlight and headed right outside and said, 1Kids, come on.1 So, there was me and my kids on the deck. Orb ship 175 ft. up just sitting there. I flashed it with the light five to six clicks. BAM! It shot to the right, then up back to the left. I went to myself, OMG. I was so shaken I flashed them again. BAM! They did a corkscrew up. WOW! What a sight. Then they shut their light off. I said I know you1re still there. My stomach was in my throat. My daughter said, 1He didn1t mean to do that." It was intense but then we just went into the house. I don1t know why. I went to pick up Joe and we went spearing all night. I didn1t even him.
I1m going to jump around a little bit. There is so much. I was building a road to the south of Napoleon, ND, on August 15, 2011. There is too much to right about but I will tell you the main thing. It was Saturday night. I was in my hotel room watching TV at 11:00 pm. I turned on the local tower cam. It was beautiful outside. I went outside and looked up at the stars. I Didn1t see them but was taking in the view. I said, 1I wonder where you guys are.1 I was arching my back so I could get the whole picture. I asked again, "Where are you?" OMG! Right above me 500 ft. an orb ship turned on its shield and then shut it off. OMG! They're out here with me. I called "W" right away. She said, 1Oh that1s great.1 She wasn1t amused. So I called my dad and talked to him for awhile. I don1t believe in God and I know for me it1s all advanced technology.
March 11, 2011. 5:30 am. (about 19 hours before tsunami in Japan ) "W" was getting up for work. I got up, I never do that. I usually sleep in until 9 am. lol. Well as long as I was up, I thought I would put wood in. She got in her car and drove out the driveway. I was putting wood in and I seen a light on the other side of the trees. So I stepped over by my semi and I said, 1Is that you1. It was them. I have never seen them like this before. They had a soft white glow on. Breath taking. They rose up above the trees. It was a 25 ft. across orb and was only 25 ft. from me. I yelled out to them. (GET ME OFF THIS ****ING PLANET WITH THESE ****ING MONKEYS).yes I did say that . I am ashamed . 
I can1t even tell you, there are no words for what was happening. Or how I was feeling. It1s seemed like we were there forever. I knew that they were here for me. I know myself very well. Lol. Don1t take it the wrong way. By this time I knew, it1s not all nicey, nicey, but not bad either. I can1t say much right now about that. It1s a conscious thing, no magic or God stuff. It1s like the dog pees on the floor and rips up the couch but you love him unconditionally (he doesn1t understand). Human genetic engineering.
Then on May 29, 2010, on my sister1s 40th birthday party in Forest City, MN, we had karaoke. There were about 30 people left and my wife was having a difficult time with me and my "alien stuff". It was about 11 pm and we had the dj in the garage. These are the things that I don1t want to tell you at least with writing them. Well we will see what comes of this. I had a feeling. Well, it was something that "W" was losing faith in me and they were to help us. I was singing at this time. After I was singing, I walked up to "W", and said, 1They are here and they want you to come outside.1 So to my surprise she said ok. We walked outside and there they were. How it happened, those are the things I don't want to tell you now. They were up there a ways. An orb ship. I said do you see them and she said yes. Then "M2" comes running from the darkness and said, 1Dad they1re here, dad they1re here." Me and her argued to who knew they were first. Then the orb ship just moved on. I felt better that "W" seen them again. Some other things happened too. Other people that were there seen them too. My mom and aunt even came up to "W" and I and said, 1Was that them.1 and I said, 1Yes1. Either they are not trying to get me more crazed or they tell me they don1t remember seeing it or talking to me and "W" about it. My wife wants to live here if you understand what I mean. There is so much, she hates them so much or is just afraid.
On her birthday, August 12, 2011, 10:30 pm an orb ship flew up to our Suburban about 300 ft away. She was screaming, 1I1m not looking at them, I1m not looking at them1 and looked out the passenger window. I jumped out and said, 1Hey1 as I gave them a wave but she was so upset, they moved on. I got back in and she bitched all the way home. I don1t fear them and never have.
They made me nervous only once. They did something to me that made my skin fall off in patches on my legs. It was funny, I was in my truck up north and they wanted me to come outside because I was having a reaction to what they were doing to me. It was suppose to make me stronger but I ended up getting sick. When I got home that weekend they fixed me right up. Lol. This is one of the things I don't like to talk about.
Conciseness, Human genetic engineering, I don1t want to talk about that right now. I don1t feel special, but the only one that says you1re not special, is everyone else. I am growing and I need, just like everyone else. I don1t do things compulsively. I calculate everything. I know what I have to do but don1t know how to do it. I hope that makes sense. Maybe you can explain it to me. Lol. I could write 10 more pages with what I know. What I feel, there is not enough trees in the world to supply the paper. Lol. What I am asking of you is still a mystery, even for me. I think some sense could come out of this .I feel like I know them. Just like we both know people. I understand, I know I do, I will see how you respond to this.
Its not all about me, it's all about us. This I told you is real.
My address is:

Thank you,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
Fast forward , today they are my friends and the sights and knowledge, awareness , understating , they have shown me . "W" still hates them . But she stood there in front of them . And I know why she hates them so much . She knows they know everything that is going on in here head and she cant hide . Shame . And on a lighter note .why me1111 well I know why now 11.I cant tell you that 1. You wouldn1t like it 1 they are working up to something huge and all of you will be hearing from them . I just cant wait 1. ;)
