{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-07-15 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97086","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2351,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5463835.json","updb_database_id":5463835}
3 Humanoid figures appeared in our bedroom

In 1978 both my wife and I were asleep in our bed. I suddenly became aware of a very bright light shining on my eyelids. Thinking we had intruders I tensed my leg muscles slowly getting ready to jump out of bed and confront the intruders. I very slowly opened my eyes (just a small slit) to see where "they" were.
What I saw were 3 solid black shapes standing still in front of a very bright light source. Their arms were by their sides, I could not make out any facial features eyes etc. The taller one (about 5feet tall) was in the centre with the shorter 2 either side. The shorter ones were about a head height shorter than the one in the centre of the group.

I opened my eyes fully in disbelief and as I watched the bright background light slowly faded and with it they also faded until nothing remained. These images appeared on the wardrobe door which was about 3 feet from my side of the bed. I jumped oout of bed and touched the wardrobe door where it had happened, I felt nothing, looked inside the wardrobe again nothing. As a Design Engineer i felt afraid, vunerable, unable to rationalise what I had just seen.

I woke my wife (she was sleeping on the far side of the bed) and told her,
her reply was that I had been dreaming, turned over and went back to sleep.
I have not told anyone about this over the years, even today writing this makes me feel very tense inside.
I watch your program here in the UK and once a image of 3 aliens standing side by side was shown, this triggered my memory of the event. Its never happened again since 1978. I feel very uneasy putting it in print.

Best Wishes
