{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70802","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5488835.json","updb_database_id":5488835}
{rjl} Dark object loud thud landing, things out of place and retangle lights observed.

Im going to try and condense this as much as I can and I apologize if its too long. A friend and me set off last Saturday evening to camp and squirrel hunt Sunday morning. The location is the Mark Twain National Forest between Bellview and Bixby off Highway 32. We arrived after dark around 9 in my Explorer and quickly had a fire going. We had planned sleeping in front bucket seats as we had many times before. At about 10:30 I jumped on roof of Explorer and he on the hood as we had an open area to starwatch. My friend had placed his gun with its site against car between passenger door and front right quarter panel. It would have to be lifted back to pick it up. He showed me where he had left the the gun and said it was loaded. I want to add that the entire time we are out there, we were never out of each others sight at all. His dog, a beagle/husky mix wandered the perimeter a few times but mainly slept quietly in middle seat of car on passenger side. All doors to the car were opened except for the two passenger side doors. The only thing in back of car was my friends wal-mart bag with some clothes and his medicine. Back lid as open. We were at least 6 miles into the woods off the highway. Literally no houses for miles. So,as we are chatting at around midnight, I see a dark object out of the corner of my eye to my right, followed by 2-3 loud thumps. I immediately felt something was thrown at us. Nothing could have fallen from tree above us because it was opened of any trees. We both heard it to our right. Again, we knew something out of ordinary had happened so I asked my friend if he had his still by him. He reached for it and it was not there. As we get down off car we see the gun is 2-3 feet away from car with the handle broken off. It was flat where we were, with a small pitch to the front right ofcar. The gun had fallen opposite the pitch. As strange as this was, the gun was laying about a foot and half towards rear of car. Again opposite of pitch or slant of hill. We have spent many nights camping and hunting. Many together, with family even alone. Whatever landed was not a branch or tree. After the thumps there was silence. We looked all over, nothing. We became debunkers and were still going to stay. We dropped his gun around 10 times before the handle would break off. And my friend was forcing it to the ground. As we looked for what could have landed and made the thumps and could not explain it, we thought it would be better to just leave the situation alone and head home. So we did just that. So we threw what few things we had into the car and I got in and started it. My friend went to the back of the car to check his bag and a bottle of medicine had been opened and was laying upside down in the bag with only 4 pills under it. He believes 8-12 were missing. He had taken his night meds earlier and I was there near him. Went through car thoroughly and everything we had taken to the woods and nothing turned up. So we leave. As we leave through forest I notice on my left the glare of my headlights in the forest. At one point ??I noticed what appeared be a bluish white light through the forest moving at our speed then falling back then speeding up to our speed. About 3 times I saw it and it was gone. I continued to watch for it and making sure it wasn1t the glare of my lights that I saw.
That1s about it. Wev been trying to replay and debunk things ever since. We don1t drink and consider ourselves pretty experienced in the woods.
