{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41273","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5516835.json","updb_database_id":5516835}
Just a bright yellow light

This what is written here is something that I wrote this morning for one respected ufologist. I am not in a mood to write it again. 

Hi again my friend,

I promised you new photos. But these ones are not like usual ones. I made them a couple of weeks ago in the evening hours. I felt life there but I was not sure if it was from here (maybe some people fixing something 1 there is a road and cars are passing by but for that half an hour there were no cars) or from somewhere else. I yesterday checked that what I photographed and I was surprised. Check it for yourself. I am also sending you 2 photos from yesterday. That light was there only that day. It was in my color 1 yellow and it was the brightest light in the city that evening.  

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

I have all the signs. I asked myself another night where it would go. And I could not find an answer nowhere. Only what I have found was that we are becoming the beings of light. I do not think so. I know that there is the energy all around us and that we humans are much more than what we are right now. And I am not talking about some bio-energy. It does not exist as much as I am concerned. 

On Wednesday I got up 1 simplest to explain 1 electrified. I usually learn and do some useful things every day from 9 in the morning till 15 hours or so on my computer. There are days when I wake up and I cannot stay in one place and closed space. I simply have to out and roam and think. The day before there was a show about the person from Croatia who can read human thoughts. He was born that way. I went that morning to the park, took something to drink. I wanted to read human thoughts also. What I accomplished that day wan no mind reading but I the whole day I could feel everything around me. For an example 1 when the lift in building stops I could know who would exactly enter in it. I felt if there was somebody waiting fro the lift in the ground floor and other things and persons around me. I felt their vibration simplest to explain. In that park that day I heard a couple of times voices in my head. But just fragments and briefly. That afternoon I went with my friend to his apartment to have a beer and said a couple of times the same words and he did in exactly the same time. I will keep working on this mental things though. Why not? I would really like to expand my consciousness. And I do not care what other people think. Honestly. That is just something to do.  

The day before yesterday I saw on my terrace something really interesting. It was 5 to 9 (21 hrs) almost dark. I look exactly in the spot where I saw that light that day and 20 meters from on right there is an enormous black bird flying against the wind. But it looks strange when I look in it better. It has no body and its wings are not completely fixed. It flaps with them completely irregularly. It wobbles in the air. And it is alive I can feel it. My camera is behind me and I still cannot completely recognize is I may be mistaking and it is just a bird. 15 seconds and it simply disappears in a thin air. It looked cool though. When I come home I tell to my mother what I saw. She tells me not to tell her such things because she gets scared. I laugh.

I can only feel things when I really want it to. Not all the time and I do not have an interest to do it all the time. Why should I?

I saw that sphere and that long one more time around the same time a couple of days ago.

I guess that I am little bit emphatic. 

That is it 

Hear you
