{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-30 08:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72856","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3686,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5486835.json","updb_database_id":5486835}
I witnessed starlike objects - in broad daylight - appearing, moving across the sky in an arc. Several formed two identical formations, then faded from sight.

My husband and I were out in our garden around 8.20am - I was explaining to him what the gardener needed to attend to for the day when a rowdy flock of birds - swallows it seemed, were flocking and screeching agitatedly - like birds do when insects are around. I glanced up to see what the fuss was about and as they cleared, I noticed a pinpoint of light in the sky - like s star. I thought 'that cant be right - the sun's too high for a star to be visible'. I turned to my husband to ask him if he could see it, but he couldnt focus on what I was pointing at.
Then I noticed a second pinpoint of light. Then a third. And a fourth. I thought 'What the heck is this? Am I really seeing what I'm seeing?' Then more appeared to the left of those and over the course of about 5-10 minutes the bunch to the left clustered together in the centre which freaked me out. I counted 14 at one point and kept recounting to keep track which became impossible as they were drifting across the sky - becoming separated as some moved and others trailed behind. At one point I ran to get my cellphone to call the local radio station to report it and hopefully that others could see what I was seeing. My husband could make out some of what I was seeing, but his eyesight at that distance wasn't great. These objects were far. High. As far as one would judge the stars at night.
They moved across the sky in a high arc from SE to NW. I called the neighbours to come and see. Her son saw it as well, but she couldn't make anything out clearly. And neither could another neighbour. The talk radio host must have thought I was nuts when I eventually spoke to him...
Two clusters had formed an identical pattern - like an arrow with a tail (like a christmas tree) still moving further North, with two loosely positioned in between. One of the objects, I noticed, looked a bit longer vertically, than the rest. After the clusters formed and drifted for several minutes, they faded from sight - possibly from the sun behind me as it created a white haze. When i eventually went back inside it was just before 9am. I've felt gobsmacked for the entire day - wondering who I could relate this to that would take me seriously. But, whether believed or not, I saw what I saw. I kept going outside the entire day to see if it would appear again. If I had to offer a thought I would say the mood was like a casual morning outing, trailing across our morning sky. I reckon they thought they wouldnt be noticed because of the sun's white haze. I wondered at the time what this meant for the human race. Anything that can enter our space - without detection? - surely has better technology than we do and is therefore intelligent. If they pose a threat then what chance would we stand? I'm still freaked out when I think of that first cluster. What do they want here?
