{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-24 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63587","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5495835.json","updb_database_id":5495835}
{rjl} Series of abductions by greys that claimed they are time travelers

A few weeks ago, I "awoke" to find myself in a weird room with oval shaped chairs. In each chair, there was a being of some kind; some grey/human hybrids, greys (some were more brown), and what appeared to be humans. To me, they appeared to be dead. No movement, not even breathing, that is associated with sleep. To my right, a dark skinned grey sat up and looked at me. A slight change in it's face seemed like it was surprised. The grey jumped down from the chair but a change occurred. Everything seemed to be become more relaxing. The grey became more lumpy and disproportionate similar to a cartoon character. I had experiences in which "reality" was more of an illusion. I asked the being if the first form was it's real skin but I awoke with the idea that I hurt one of them in a panic.

In 1996, my dad visited Germany on a business trip. My mom had Parkinson's disease so I stayed with her while he was gone. One Friday night in late summer, my mom and I would watch TV once my college classes ended. We fell asleep on the couches. Mine was against the wall and my mom was in the other couch next to the wall partition. From my old room, I heard a loud pop sound. Out from my room, I seen my dad walk down the hall but his image seemed to flash with the image of a grey. It went to my mom and told her to sleep in her bed, she got up and went to her room. I felt calm despite this being impersonating my father. The being came extremely close me and it asked telepathically, if I seen a UFO complete with an image of one in my mind. I told it that it wasn't my father, he is in Germany, and it calmly walked by into my room as I laughed at it. Another loud pop was heard and I feel asleep. My mom did confirm it did happen but she died in October 1998.

The final occurrence I want recorded occurred when I was 14 years old in 1991. My memory wasn't clear but I remember walking to a UFO hovering a few feet above the ground in the backyard, escorted by a couple greys. Next thing they did was asked if I could fix a generator type machine. I said I couldn't to which the responded they had the wrong time period and I was back in bed with a grey looking at me through the window. The greys informed me they are time travelers and I had something to do with their time machines. The machine they shown me was like a barrel with some clear sections. Lights of different colors seemed ethereal and I think there are components spinning. I kept thinking about it and time travel. I came to the conclusion that it may have been a type of collider like LHC or a spinning set of devices but to produce a "black hole" for electromagnetic fields, Higgs fields, and gravity (space-time) with possible the nuclear forces. It's 1950's B-film science but it's the best I could do. The greys imparted a need to figure out time travel or at least be interested. Weird but that is what I remember.
