{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-21 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5460835.json","updb_database_id":5460835}
{cak} Bright light crosses US/Canadian border then flies straight up in to space

Myself and 2 friends were camping on Namakan lake in Voyageurs National Park on the US Candian border. We were sitting around the campfire on our 2nd night around 23:00 hrs and all decided to go sit on the rocky point and check out the beautiful night sky. Not a cloud in the sky and no light pollution in this remote national park. When i spotted what i thought was a satellite. It looked exactly like a satellite moving steadily across the night sky. It was the right size, speed, elevation, etc of your trypical satellite. I had purchased a new headlamp for the trip and it had a lot of different cool features. So to be funny i said to the guys "im going to send a signal to the satellite" and turned my headlamp on to strobe mode, emitting a rapid pulse of light. Its a distress feature on the headlamp. Within seconds that "satellite" sized light got huge and much lower in the sky. It turned from a dot in the sky to the size of a dinner plate held at arms length and was intensely bright white. This embarrasses me to say, but when this happened i turned and started to run back to camp. I was a 30yr old 6'2" 210lb guy afraid of nothing and it surprised me that i chose flight over fight in the moment. Anyhow, i turned to see if my buddies were running too and they weren't they just stood there watching. So i manned up amd turned back to go join them. After some amount of time, not sure, maybe 15 seconds it took off north then straight up and out into space until it got so far away it disappeared from sight. Nobody said anything for awhile then one of my buddies broke the silence and said, "there's a totally good explanation for what we just saw." My friend and i said, "what?" He replied, "i will tell you when i figure it out." We all went back to the fire and sat for probably a half hour in silence just trying to wrap our minds around it. Finally my skeptical buddy spoke up and said, "what the hell was that?" 
To this day we have no idea and talk about it very little. Whatever is was, it crossed an international border, moved at incredible speeds, and went straight up and left this earth. I feel lucky to have seen this but also unlucky because it raises questions that there are no answers to.
