{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-08-10 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3476,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5504835.json","updb_database_id":5504835}
{cak} tear-shaped green object with bright-green core crashed

When i was younger (don't remember the exact age, somewhere around 12, 13 years old, it was somewhere between 1994-1996 or smth) i saw something which, for most of my life i thought was just a weird meteor, until recently when i saw a documentary that showed something similar and i was like...wtf
Anyway, back then, my parents being engineers and working at a hydro plant and dam that was being constructed, we lived for a part of my childhood near the construction site (i don't know the english word for the living quarters which are constructed specificaly for employees to live in) in the mountains, placed in a river valley surrounded on both sides by mountains, 
it was basically a mini-village built for the employees.
Anyway, one evening i was on the football field with my brother and 4 (i think) others, we just finished playing because it got dark and we were just passing the ball around to each other. I remember i turned to get the ball and then we saw a...thing, well, a tear shaped green object with a bright green round core that fell behind the mountain, at an angle of about 45deg from horizontal. It fell from my left to my right, so from where i was standing, aproximately from northwest to north.
After it dissapeared behind the mountain there were two successive green flashes of light, like a halo (almost 1 second between them and each lasted about half a second) raising above the mountain and treelines. Also, there was absolutely no sound to the whole thing, nothing.
Anyway...that was about it, the whole thing lasted only a couple of seconds...maybe 4. I remember we got very excited because we saw a meteor, got home, told parents and the next day we got up the mountain to search for it, but it was very steep and we got too tired about half the way to the top and returned home.

Anyway, about the shape...You know the tear-shaped pinpoints that mark locations on google maps? That is exactly how it looked like. It didn't have a long tail or anything and the bright core was round and clearly delimited.

The colors...outside, green (something similar to color code 02C122 or 00CC00) and with a bright-green (like bright neon-green, can't really find a color code that fits) round core in the middle. It didn't have many shades of green, overall...it was quite uniform, same color for the outer part and same color for the core)
It didn't glow very much, i mean, not like that meteor in russia that light up like the sun, it was maybe a bit brighter than the moon at night, for comparison.

This is the only weird and unexplained thing i ever witnessed. Unless it was just a meteor, in which case it wasn't at all weird, but judging by the size of the thing i think it would have obliterated the entire area if it was really a meteor...or at least make some sort of sound so...i don't know.
