{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-26 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39862","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2982,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5517835.json","updb_database_id":5517835}
{nd} brightly lit star began moving, flew overhead in gradual arc turned south then disappeared

It was nine thirty at night and I was outside on my back patio. I have made it a habit to watch the sky and the treelines with my digital nightvision monocular.. I like to observe the wonders of the universe and with NV you can see stars that you normally cannot. I was scanning the North when I heard the roar of what I knew to be a fighter jet. We have a big USAF base here and I have gotten used to seeing and hearing various jet fighter aircraft. 
So I am scanning the sky trying to find the strobes on the fighter jet I am hearing when I pan to the left, which is West, and notice a very bright star. I continue panning to my left.. looking South.. then I move back to my right because it has become obvious to me that the sound cannot be in that direction. As I do I notice that that bright star isnt exactly where it was before. I must admit that it is surreal when something that your mind has acknowledged as staionary suddenly isnt. The things was moving..or so I thought it was... So I moved close to my privacy fence gate and lined up the object with a stationary reference point to see if it was indeed moving.. it was... I grabbed my Droid and selected pictures at 4X zoom. I shot six images through the digital night vision device as I watched in awe as this huge white "thing" - which by now obviously WASNT a star - slowly ease across the sky..totally silent which only added to the extreme creepiness of the situation.
It moved towards me (Easterly direction) then made a gentle 90 degree arc moving South. I kept it in my viewfinder when suddenly it was gone. I could not reacquire it. It just vanished.
I wanted to go and grab the wife, pull her outside and show it to her but I was afraid she wouldnt see it or maybe it would be gone any second.. or maybe disturbing her while shes watching TV wouldnt be a prudent thing to do..
