{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-26 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47553","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5510835.json","updb_database_id":5510835}
many in the sky, one went/flew right beside my house, just seen white!

On Dec. 26/2011 i looked out my back door to the sky. Always do, seen UFO's in the past. It was approx. 6:15 p.m. i saw several objects in the sky to the west moving. I looked longer and saw a lot more objects to the south of that moving around in the sky. Being stationary than just zooming to another place, lots and lots of them. I called my son, James, to come to the window and look out and tell me what you see. He looked out and saw objects in the sky moving around very fast. I asked him if they were planes or anything else we know of that flys at night like that, that bright, mostly bright white. Sometimes you could see blue or orange light but very faint. I called my friend in Forest, about 20 miles west of me. I asked her to go out and look at the sky. She was at her mom's place for dinner, xmas dinner and there were other people there, i don't know how many. But some of them went outside too and looked at the sky, they all saw the same things James and I saw, bright round lights moving very very fast in the sky, very high in the sky. Except for one. Over the next 15 min. i went back to my back door several times to check and see if they were still up there, they were. I was scared to death, i closed all my curtains. One last time at about 30 mins. from the first sighting i looked out my back door again, the hair on my arms and the back of my neck stood up, i shivered, didn't know why, looked over to my right and there it was, white light, bright white light that zoomed past the side of my house at ground level, i couldn't see over it, then it just went away, zoomed upwards like towards the west sky but just dissappeared, nothing, no noise nothing! I closed the wooden door and didn't look out any windows for the rest of the night.
