{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-30 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525835","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3999,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/835/mufon-5525835.json","updb_database_id":5525835}
AVON INDIANA~JUNE 30TH, 2011 RECTAGULAR OBJECT

AVON INDIANA~ JUNE 30TH, 2011

On June 30th at 11:50pm I left my home and was driving within my neighborhood to pick up my 16 yr. old son at his friends home. Close to the home, I made the last left hand turn onto his street (I was now facing North-the home1s driveway was within a few feet on my right side). Before turning into the driveway, very bright lights came from (the North) behind a line of trees. The lights began slowly moving from North to South, towards me. It was very close.

After taking it all in for a few seconds (face to face with the object), I then immediately drove into the driveway and was relieved that the homes garage door was open. I jumped out of my car and two high school young men ran out of the garage to meet me (neither were my son). I asked if they wanted to see a UFO and pointed to the moving object that was now slowly passing in front of the house. The two young men were very excited, but as they watched, reality set in and they both became very quiet, aw-struck.

Without thinking I told the boys, "It will not hurt you, watch and it will turn onto Red Oak Dr. and you will see the round lights in the back that look very much like a cars headlights". Sure enough the small craft slowly passed us and made a right hand turn onto Red Oak Dr.-It seemed to be using the street as a guide. I asked the boys if they wanted to follow it and they said 1no1- I quickly called my sister who lives with me and told her to go outside to our front yard -the craft was headed West towards my home. She waited outside and did not see it. I live in a semi-wooded area so the trees may have blocked any direction change the craft may have made.

My concern turned to the teenage boys standing on the driveway who were speechless. One of the boys has agreed to be interviewed, his mother is an artist and they are working on a drawing. I asked him not to speak to his friend who also witnessed the object in hopes that they would not influence each other. 

The next day I spoke with the teen (artist for mother) and asked him to describe what he saw the previous night. I assured him there were no wrong answers when he became reluctant to describe the air-craft; he thought it was either a diamond or rectangle shape-I believe I know why he described it in that way.

It was the crafts smaller size that when it was approaching me (head-on), I could see why someone would describe the front end as resembling a go 1carts pointed front end-or having a rounded protruding diamond shape (point) to it. Before I sped into the driveway, the front end approaching me was some what bowed out. There were very bright lights across the bowed area (more than one), I saw two bright lights coming from front-underneath, and the smallest lights were one red and one green on the underneath side. With the white lights being so very bright it was difficult making out specific front end details. As it passed, the overall shape to the side and back was rectangle (with round tail lights). The back lights were not intensely bright making it easy to recognize the rectangle shape. 

It was moving just high enough to clear the mature oak trees. It passed us slowly, remaining above the street; it turned right onto Red Oak Dr. as if it were following traffic laws. Without a sound, it gracefully and slowly moved West out of our sight.
