{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-13 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527288","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/288/mufon-5527288.json","updb_database_id":5527288}
noticed 2 objects/orange in color, in the sky around helicoptor cruising height

On March 13th/2011 around 7:55pm I was driving my boys to their mother's home when we saw them. I turned left(west) onto Stage Line Rd from Old Hwy 35 in Hudson, Wisconsin when I noticed two orange bright objects low in the sky straight in front of me and a little south. Never seen anything there before, often see blackhawks and other helicoptors running with interstate 94 but these were more south of those flights and above residential homes. First I thought they were helicoptors flying to the west, the closer we got I realized that they were staying in one place! Looked orange or fire color/amber and had no navigational lights, At this time I couldn't take my eyes off of them. I told my oldest son to look at them and tell me what he was seeing. He told me they weren't travelling but were moving closer and away from each other as I also agreed. It was a clear night with excellent visability. My son also descrbed them as flickering like a flame from a candle. I almost came to a stop because they were so stange I couldnt believe my eyes WHAT ARE WE SEEING? I wanted to get a closer look, so I turned left into Heritage Greens a housing development then took the first right(west) the street then took a 90 degree turned and went south so I parked at the turn facing west. The lights were pretty close an at about 11o'clock in front of us and about helicopter crusing hgt. I actually had to sit up in my seat and look up about 60-70 degrees. I rolled down the windows and we could not hear a sound from them. the whole time I was talking w my boys about what we were seeing; not planes, not helicoptors, not stars or planets. I was trying to figure out what to do, I got out of my truck to try to take a picture with my phone but there was a street right in front of me so I coudn't see them on the screen just alot of light.I got back in the truck my heart was racing and I felt shackey(a little scared) very erie feeling my youngest boy said he was scared and my oldest was too. I wanted to knock on a door at one of the houses but thought they may find me crazy or something, still watching them I thought that MANY people had to see them. I called my girlfriend and told her what was going on and even asked her to look but she was a couple miles East and more south she looked but didn't see them(she actually was looking in the wrong direction to the SW and saw planes going to the Twin Cities Int. Airport since their approach is just south of us and see them all the time) its been 4-5 minutes of watching this from the start, I was still on the phone with her when I decided to try to get closer. I was facing west, then turned my truck into the driveway of the house kiddy corner across the street imediatley backed out of the driveway looked up and they were GONE!! no where in sight and we could see alot of sky. told my son he could not believe it as well he even said he tried to look where they were to see if they turned of their lights, but nothing. I was upset and my heart was still racing, couldn't believe that I didn't get to see them leave! It was almost like they knew we were watching them, saw me turn around and took off! WEIRD!!!!!
