{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-27 23:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290288","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113061","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2936,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/288/mufon-5290288.json","updb_database_id":5290288}
UFO over the Hudson River NYC

On December 27th, 2020 at exactly 11:11pm inside my newly acquired home, my younger brother started recorded a bright light in the distance from the sofa. My balcony view looks south bound of the Manhattan skyline and the George Washington Bridge. It wasn't until the behavior of the lights that he noticed he was capturing something out of the ordinary. This bright light was hovering over the Hudson, brighter than any plane or helicopter I had ever seen and it was quiet, this object did not make any noise. The object then ejects something out the back end that descends, slows down its fall before merging with another light. As soon as both lights touch they both disappeared. This can all be seen in our captured video, we have reviewed the footage numerous times and cannot find an explanation.

Another thing to note was this object was high in the sky, in terms of aircraft this object was lower than most aircraft I've seen in my lifetime. The main object in the video disappeared. It did not fly away, it simply vanished like lights being turned off but after another couple of minutes the bright light reappeared and this time I recorded it with my phone, narrating how bright this object was and how it could manage to disappear and reappear in the same spot and just hover. I have checked flightradar.com to back date the air traffic from that very night and exact time and it shows no reported air traffic in my area at the time. 

On January 4th, two fighter jets flew over the Hudson River which I also recorded, the time of the recording was at exactly 1pm est and by 1:04pm est the jets were headed back south bound towards the city. Almost like they did a U-Turn in my area. This could be a routine run I am not sure but it isn't typical that you see fighter jets fly by on a random work day. I have attached all the video footage. Thanks.
