{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-15 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286288","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117101","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4325,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/288/mufon-5286288.json","updb_database_id":5286288}
tall, very slender, big eyes, no nose, no lips, whitish skin

walking down woodman drive from dollar tree in the airway shopping center. Was walking toward curve in road when I looked to my right and saw the craft. Classic disk shape with dome from the Intelligente race. Two person personal flyer, so it is not a "Mother ship" nor is it a "scout ship", both are far larger than what I saw. Was flying slowly over the ground just beyond the fence (within the grounds of the air force museum) and heading in a NE direction, not toward the buildings. Lasted about a couple minutes while traffic drove past. Traffic was present before, during and after sighting. After sighting my eyes had silver crosses of light in front of them. Craft was actually cloaked the entire time. The pilots adjusted their cloaking device so that I could see their wavelength while preventing others from seeing them. They are a wonderful race, like so many others, and have their own criminals, and are NOT a race of abductors. Do not believe for a moment they abduct.

Second sighting was in Eastwood Metro Park near the Harshman Road bridge. One extremely bright amber light showed up climbing at a steep angle from behind distant trees, then about a minute later a second one did the same. The first one after reaching a certain altitude turned off the amber light and switched on the flashing lights to appear like a plane in the night sky. The other one did the same for a while but took longer. Observed them reach a distance of miles within a minute from starting point to my left and then miles to my right. While observing them flying toward Yellow Springs area, noticed third craft with flashing lights coming from the south into the area, looked away for a moment to observe the other two, when looked back the third craft was flying in a SE direction, making a sharp turn rather than a curve, indicating it was not a plane.
Was not disk shaped as it was from the Throes race, not the Intelligente race. 

Third sighting was outside my apartment, late night. Came out, looked toward Springfield Street and there across the street hovering above the trees was another personal flyer. Shape was angular, had two sets of lights parallel to each other going from the bottom of the craft to the top. Was cloaked and pilot adjusted its cloak to allow me to see its wavelength.

All races are involved in a situation with me. 
Lyran, Reptilian, Bark, Throes, Intelligente, B'Deretan, Keltoid, and other races I do not know the name of are all part of the "United Home Worlds". They each have their own families and businesses, just like earth. They have their own good people and their own criminals and their own justice system. 

There are NO RACES THAT ABDUCT. You may as well say that humans are a race of murderers. Stop generalizing.

The situation is NOT what humanity thinks it is. The situation is one that humanity has been prevented from figuring out.

I wound up in the emergency room in March 2018 due to rectal bleeding (not because of alien devices) and had a CT scan done. On the scan you can clearly see what looks like devices and wiring, including one that is just under the skin, yet you cannot see it with the naked eye.
