{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-04-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486288","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73425","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2590,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/288/mufon-5486288.json","updb_database_id":5486288}
{dr}Large triangular shaped object silently came toward us, hovered overhead for a good 5 min then abruptly and speedily went north

I was in a show band at the time, traveling the mid-west of the US. We were rehearsing the new act at the singer's parents farm, just outside Kansas City, KS. The guitar player, keyboard player, and myself went outside for a smoke break at around 8pm when we noticed a bright light off in the eastern sky. As we watched it grew larger and we realized it was coming directly at us. When it arrived directly overhead us, we could clearly see that it was a craft, triangular or delta-wing, shaped - hovering silently about 50 feet above us. There were two globes hanging from the craft, one from each "wing if you will". One of the globes was a bright white light and the other was dark.
While we watched it hover silently, the guitar player went to get his camera and just as he was coming back out the craft darted off at an incredible speed, toward the north (toward Kansas City). We continued to watch it and saw that there was an electrical storm that it was headed into. As it drew close to that storm, the other globe under the craft started to glow evenly with the other globe. It entered the storm and disappeared.
We concluded among ourselves that the craft must be powered by some sort of electric/magnetic power that it can replenish from our electric storms.
Now it has been a long time since the sighting, but I recently met up with my fellow witnesses a short time ago and verified that, yes indeed, we were all witness to the event.
The following morning we were packing the equipment into the van when we heard a deafening roar. We looked north toward Kansas City and saw a passenger jet taking off and rising to cruising altitude. Now this was miles away to the north. just about as far as the storm was the night before, and the sound of that plane taking off was deafening. It just heightened the stark silence of the craft from the night before.
