{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292288","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111036","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3044,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/288/mufon-5292288.json","updb_database_id":5292288}
A volley ball sized intensley glowing object clearly under complete control

on a beautiful crystal clear night , windless ( which is not common at all on my hill ) over looking the mighty Kaipara Harbor my friend and i were gifted with the most beautiful experience of being able to witness the splendor of this clearly fantastic orb. charlie left my place and headed back to my bus where he lived parked 10mtrs behind my house . i turned off the last light in my kitchen and directly outside the kitchen window within 10 foot from me appeared the orb. it just seemed to have come directly from the fringes of space. with such speed that it would be  impossible to even come up with a word for it. the orb glowed an incredible brightness but you could look at it easily. for about 3 seconds the orb and myself looked clearly at each other. the orb then shot a straight line directly passed me to the front of my house about 30 feet and stopped. i did not miss any of this because my whole house is open plan. The orb then followed the shape of the house with another immaculate show of speed in what was fast becoming a clear form of mapping and target selection . the orb then again shot off in the most perfect straight line between a bunch of giant twisted pine trees and stopped within 5 foot of charlies bus .Charlie was standing in the bus door well looking directly at the orb.once again there was a hightend feeling of purpose watching this truley awesome device.it then shot back to what i would say was the exact same point it arrived at.the orb waited for about 3 seconds and i had a special good look at it .it then shot straight off right to the edge of space .feeling so buzzed out for days having been selected to witness this overwhelming event i ran into Charlie .we had a bit of a chat and as he left he turned looked hard at me and said did you see that thing the other night boy.!!. That is all that has ever been said.about that night. both Charlie and i have a real faith in our God and creation and believe no matter what is happening with these beings god will look after us and protect our planet so have fun exploring all these wonderful sightings people . we need no longer waste our breaths convincing people of the existence of others there is plenty of evidence now so maybe we need some better ideas on how to make contact. if i had to deal with the war mongoling human race and power controlling armed forces i would just fly passed too.!!
