{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-11-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494288","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65195","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2953,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/288/mufon-5494288.json","updb_database_id":5494288}
{nd} 4 witnesses in a car, came down just above the car, hovered, moved & hovered again before taking off

It was Nov 1985, my mother is driving home with myself, my sister, and my friend from a shopping trip. It was approximately 7 PM and we were driving down Read Street heading towards Attleboro, MA.
Read Street is a rural street and there was no traffic at the time.. My mom noticed what looked like two headlights in the sky coming down as if to land. She immediately assumed it was a small plane or helicopter trying to land in the empty field. She stoped on the side of the road assuming assistance might be needed.
As the craft got closer to the ground we were able to see that it was a disc shaped object. the two headlights seemingly disappeared and there was one glowing light on the bottom in a small dome and little red lights all around where the top and bottom of the disc met.
The craft flew over the field and towards our car it hovered about 75 feet off the ground 50 feet in front of our car so we could see it through the front windshield. My mom was a smoker so her window was cracked despite the cold weather and we noticed that it made no sound at all.  My mom was in awe but the 3 girls were voicing fear & concern.
The craft edged over to our left above a stand of trees. The stand of trees was glowing from the light in the dome. My mom put the car in drive and edged up a few feet, the craft mimicked her movement and also moved a few feet forward. About 5 seconds later it shot off over a nearby trailer park at an unbelievable speed and was out of sight within a second or two.
At the time, my friend and I were 15 my sister 14. When we got home we were very upset, crying, etc. My mom called the police to file a report. at the time Attleboro, wasn't a big town.  To my mother surprise the police actually answered the phone "UFO hot line" this was in the days before 911 when you dial the standard 22211212 for Police.  My mom went on to tell them about what we saw. They said they were aware, have had several phone calls and we're looking into it. 

We saw this UFO on Read Street adjacent to the powerlines. My mom searched the newspaper the next day for any kind of information on what happened. The only thing she found was a blurb about a power outage on Reed Street due to a squirrel eating through a power box.
