{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-20 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547288","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17572","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2931,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/288/mufon-5547288.json","updb_database_id":5547288}
3 lights moving across the sky jumping side to side.

My sister and I were outside of our apartment around 2:15 AM smoking a ciggarette, which is the only reason we usually go outside. I honestly don't know what made me look up in the sky, but immediately when I looked up I seen what appeared to be 2 lights moving at a steady pace high in the sky. The lights were not blinking whatsoever and there was no noise coming from the aircraft. The lights didn't even seem like normal lights on an aircraft at all. Looked more of a bright white glow. after about 5 seconds of watching the object it seemed as if it rotated and a third light apeared. the lights seemed to have made the shape of a triangle and would of probably been a perfect triangle if it would of passed directly over me, but i was watching it from a very diagonal angle. it continued moving west from marion, where I was, toward carterville. I watched it for about 2 minutes. It seemed as if it were hovering and it would swiftly jump from left to right, which I don't see why any aircraft would. Maybe they want to be seen... it was quite cloudly out and it was lightning a little bit. I watched it till it faded out into one of the dark clouds. I couldnt take my eyes off of it. I felt it knew i was watching because the moment I told my sister I thought it to be a UFO it started making these swift movements. I feel the people that see these sitings are the ones that can handle a little truth. This isnt the first time i felt i've seen a UFO. about 2 years ago in homosassa springs florida i seen what appeared to be a red/orange glow moving over the horizon in very odd directions about 20 minutes after the sun set. it was very distant and was circular in shape(the glow of course.) I was with my friend Andrew and asked him if he thought it was a UFO. He said he'd rather not think about that and walked away inside his house, which we were standing outside of. I watched this for about 6 minutes until it dissapeared instantly. Since then i've been in search of truth more than ever. Even if these sighting werent of an ET im sure the government has something up their sleeves. they don't have me fooled! If only they were so afraid of letting us know a little truth, but what can I do. Things will play out how they play out and only god has the mind power to change that.
