{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-15 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514288","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2448,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/288/mufon-5514288.json","updb_database_id":5514288}
(GS) Three white lights in triangular pattern, stationary and faded away

I was driving home from work around 5.30pm heading west on Arapahoe Rd and approaching 75th street. The moon was setting in the west and looked quite beautiful! I was noticing the moon as I drove and suddenly saw a bright, white, slowly pulsating light move across the moon. It caught my attention because of the extreme brightness for the apparent elevation. Also, it was flashing on - off - on ... at an unusual interval. I was driving so could not direct my attention for long. I travelled north on 75th street and arrived at my destination near the intersection of Jay Road and 75th street. I parked and got out of my car feeling exceptionally curious to see the object again. I walked to a location where I had sight of the moon in the west-southwest. I didn't see the object again after looking for several minutes, so I turned to walk east back toward my car. As I turned I immediately saw three very bright white lights in a triangular shape approximately 40 degrees above the horizon to the southeast. I estimate the object was about a two to five miles away, if not more. The triangular shape of lights was skewed to give the impression that they were attached to a large object that was parallel to the ground. The lights looked similar to the lights that planes have when they are landing, but were about 10x brighter. As I began to realize what I was seeing was unusual (about 10 seconds) the lights slowly began to fade without moving. I feel crazy writing this, but I felt as if the lights faded into darkness because I had seen them. The object/lights did not appear to move while the lights were lit, however, I had the sensation that the object began to travel slowly southward. I continued to look at the southern sky for several minutes, but no other objects appeared.
