{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-05 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114521","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3307,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5288840.json","updb_database_id":5288840}
Landers triangle UFO close flyover

An evening in Landers Ca 9:00PM or so within the 9 o’clock hour. I just had gotten off of work and went home. Living in a 5th wheel with my dog the front door is facing East towards 29 Palms My dog Oreo asks to go out so I open up the front door he walks out and runs back inside tail between legs dead silent. I step out and see coming from the east heading towards me in the west an object or craft. So I’m standing there watching it head my way maybe a minute after I started watching it and as it’s getting closer I realize it’s triangle shaped. Coming East heading west but turning more to the South west towards Yucca Valley it was Thick boxy with three lights one on each corner but they didn’t light up the ground or seen to emit a glow like a light should. It didn’t have a center light but it was black like a mute dark black not really a shine to it but as it turned and I was watching it the moon shone I could see it was lighter than what it thought it was at first it was 500 ft maybe no more than that above me I tell the story and from what I remember about it I say I could have thrown a baseball at it if I was a pro but it felt a lot closer it was huge 300 ft r so I noticed when it flew right overhead of me while I was outside. I watched it until I felt it was too close and any second going to be right over the top of me so it was heading over the corner of my 5th wheel heading SW. I ran back inside door locked behind me I saw it going so I ran to the rear bathroom where the windows facing out South I can see South west still the triangles traveling but I noticed a helicopter following it now I see it from behind and after observing it through the rear window of the 5th wheel for a few or maybe 10 seconds it turns like an evasive maneuver. But almost like I blinked and it turned because it didn’t slow down it just started going N but I saw the front tip like what you would picture would be the front from the direction it’s flying and which part is pointed that way. So Now it’s heading N almost directly N i run about 8 ft from the rear bathroom and grab my phone from the little table I was sitting at before my dog asked to go out before all this happened to where there large bay window looking out West panoramically. Still in my trailer I’m freaking out now and calling my friend screaming on the phone as I’m watching it still full panoramic as it kept heading N it took a few minutes or less for it to hit the horizon. it had a helicopter following it still or caught up to it now just chasing but not in a threatening or observant way but from like an escort I could see that very closely as well. I left that night.
