{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-17 09:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117559","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5285840.json","updb_database_id":5285840}
White cylinder object that during early sunny morning traveled and crossed airplane route approaching SJU airport at about 2,000 ft altitude.

I was returning to work from a trip to the post office, I parked and when I start walking I notice this small but shiny object that seemed to reflect sunlight at certain points as if it were slowly spinning around its vertical axis. I took out my phone and took as many pictures as I could as it looked very weird. Its altitude was well below clouds but high enough to need to look carefully to find it when not reflecting. Seemed to reflect every 10-15 seconds. I also took videos but hard to point at since it was very small. Yet an airplane 4-5 miles away from landing passed by and the object kept its movement sort of linear but constant. The object moved further from my sight and the airplane flight pass was in front of the object when I took the pictures. Later on I went to Google earth as I know my location and I also used an Flight APP (Flight Radar 24) to know the plane flight route. with this information I calculate the object had to be taller than the airplane cabin, probably from 10-15 feet tall. It seemed to have an appendage dropping down from the main cylinder shape. I also drew all my calculations on the Google Earth map. I put all the info that is backed by these apps in order to reach my conclusions. 

SUMMARY:
white sort of translucent upright cylinder shape object with appendage dropping down.
object seen at 9:14 a.m. to 9:17 (3-4 minutes of sight) during sunny daylight.
Object crossed airplane route (airplane must have been at 1,600 to 1,800 ft altitude so object must have been at 2,000 - 2,500 ft altitude and 3 miles away from me.
Picture showing airplane is a perfect size comparison to estimate the object size.
Object seemed to reflect sunlight at certain points probably when slowly spinning around it vertical axis. when not it was difficult to find. But I could trace it's route for all 3-4 minutes.

See photos included:
Zoomed photo of object above white rooftop.
Other photos 
Photo of object BEHIND the plane's route approaching airport.
My diagram with travel directions, altitudes, and estimated distances of both the plane and object.

I am more than welcome to provide any other information in order to at least try to determine what kind of object it was. Did not look like a ballon, drone, chinese lantern (I have seen them at night), helicopter or anything I can think of. Again, because of its altitude the object must have been at least 10-15 feet tall. No wings, no trail, just moving on a straight line. 

I Appreciate the opportunity to present my observations here. 

If you can Digitally enhance the pictures and find anything PLEASE let me know what you find.

If you know of anybody else that saw something at this exact moment and was able to identify it or took more pictures PLEASE let me know. 

Francisco
