{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-16 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116542","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2330,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5286840.json","updb_database_id":5286840}
Hovering Sphere that changed my life.

On the way to work around 5:30 a.m., heading Northbound on a two-lane road heading to the Hanford Nuclear Cleanup Site, Richland, WA. I noticed a bright light floating towards where I was driving. It was a long way away and then glided closer as it appeared to be gliding near the Columbia River. I first thought of it as a Floodlight for possible work being done along the Franklin County side of the Columbia River, but the big bright light continued to move closer to me. I went through the security gate and continued driving until pulling over onto the side of the road. I had a brand new truck and put it in park, but left the truck running, and reached for my cell phone, but it slides off the passenger side of the truck. I then looked up and there was a sphere directly above me it was silver in color with a half dome light on top. It had spinning-colored light on the bottom of the sphere. I had a keen knowledge that ther were beings behind the colored windows. I did not feel afraid and just watched with amazement. I can't tell you what happened between me watching and me starting my truck. This new truck shimmed and bucked when I started it. Shaking I made it to work on time with no apparent time lapse. I asked around to see if anybody else saw this and someone else had mentioned it, but I heard no more about it. I had even mentioned it to the manager of the Department of Hanford and there was no denying or acknowledging of other sittings, but I have heard about them from a co-worker whose father was a pilot that did aerial photography. In the '50s. I never look at the sky the same way due to this event. I have had two other sitings after this one, but they were from afar.
