{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76012","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2902,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5483840.json","updb_database_id":5483840}
{jpg} White light that turned solid glowing red the reversed direction and flew out of sight

I was going to bed around 10:30-11:00 on Saturday, April 23, 2016. I heard what I thought was someone knocking on my neighbors back door in the house behind us. As this is not normal, I looked out the window from my second story bedroom. I didn't see anyone in my neighbors yard so I was about to go back to bed when I saw what appeared to be a plane or helicopter in the distance traveling toward my house moving from the SE to the NW. It just looked like a bright headlight from a plane. A little lower in the sky and brighter than what you'd normally see in the skies above my house but nothing alarming. However, after a few seconds of watching the light come toward my direction, it stopped and remained in one place. So, I thought it must be a helicopter. The light seemed pretty bright though and it did not have any flashing directional lights so I watched it for a while. It remained stationary for about a solid minute then started to move to the right. As it did, I saw a flash of red light which made me think I was watching a helicopter all this time. But the red flash was pretty bright and only red, no green flash followed as would be expected for a traditional aircraft. Suddenly the entire light became completely red and remained a solid, glowing red color. It appeared to be a red oval shaped glowing light. It continued to move slowly to the right for a couple of seconds then made an abrupt 90 degree turn back in the direction from which it came and moved rapidly across the sky until I could no longer see it due to distance and trees in the foreground blocking the view. This most certainly was not a plane or helicopter. It made movements they are not capable of making and the speed at which this accelerated from a dead stop was pretty fast. I would appreciate if MUFON or any other reporting agency can tell me if anyone else saw this. It is pretty frustrating when you are the only one that saw something so remarkable and you know for certain it was real but nobody else was there to corroborate your story. This is the second time I have seen something in the skies over Brentwood and was alone when it occurred. Please please please tell me if anyone else reported a similar sighting.
