{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5510840.json","updb_database_id":5510840}
{nd} Experienced a beam of intense light and physical manipulation moments after lying down to sleep.

I was in my bed, just getting ready to sleep. Even at my most worn out moments, it takes me at least 4-5 minutes to fall asleep. I wasnt very tired at all, and had been in bed for about 30 seconds.

In regards to noticing an object, I never saw a ship or disc, just vivid light. And I didn't have a choice in noticing this phenomena because I felt a sense of extreme emotional discomfort, as if I knew that I was going to be subjected to something against my will in the coming moments. It was a strange feeling because I still had the cognitive ability to realize that I wasnt asleep yet, but I didn't have the mental strength to wake myself up to a full state of awareness. I could hear myself resisting vocally, with "No" and "Stop." As this started happening everything was getting more intense. There wasnt really a sound present in the experience, but more of a heavy layer of electric air. It was at this time that I experienced this "heavy sound," and at this moment I remember rolling to my right side and placing my right hand under the pillow, palm to face. I can remember this because I had a brief window of mental strength where the fear subsided just long enough for me to move into this position, which has been my most comfortable sleeping position since I was a child. Everything was shaking at this point. Not like an earthquake, but much more powerful and compact. I know that both my bed, and my body were shaking, I cant comment on the rest of the room. The shaking I was experiencing was unlike anything I could every explain. I tried replicating the effect the next day by tensing all my muscles in my upper body, but I could only achieve maybe 10% of the overall intensity. If someone were to witness the experience I had while shaking, they probably wouldnt even notice that my body was in a turbulent state because it was so severe. After a couple seconds of this intense shaking, the electric weighted air felt as if it was syphoning upwards into a concentrated point, which caused my upper body to begin to lift off the bed. I was being drawn upwards for about 5 seconds until I was suddenly dropped back onto my bed. It was at this time that I had more of my self awareness back, and wasnt as fearful. I was wide awake at this point, but I still felt that heavy weight in the room. I desperately wanted to jump up and run into the bathroom and find my cat, for reassurance that I wasnt in a nightmare. But I couldnt move yet. Moments later, I could hear and feel the ceiling fan which I always have on high, and I jumped immediately out of bed and got the hell out of my room. I walked around distraught and utterly confused for a few minutes, but ultimately went back to sleep. 

I wouldnt take the time to write about this if I thought there was a slight chance it could have been from sleep deprivation, twilighting, dreaming, or any other psychological effect. I wouldnt even write this if it happened once. But it hasnt. Its happened twice.
