{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-02 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4675,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5546840.json","updb_database_id":5546840}
Glowing golden orange flying object traversed the evening sky

I am posting this report in hopes that someone else may have seen this object and be willing to report it.

November 2, 2009 at 7:45 p.m. 

I was outside with my dogs, standing on the porch steps facing south, watching a commercial jet at approximately 70 degrees AGL, which was heading East to West. I retrieved my binoculars from the house and when I turned around, the commercial jet now had on it's extremely bright landing light. I thought that was rather strange, as there is no large airport near here. The closest larger airport is about 60 miles W/SW, in Abilene.

I watched the jet for about 1 minute, when suddenly the landing light was turned off and the jet continued west. As I wondered why a commercial jet would have it's landing light on then shut it off in flight, I noticed a bright, large, orange golden light to my south/southwest at approximately 15 degrees AGL. This light did not waver, did not blink or strobe. It remained constant. The light appeared to be more than twice the size of Jupiter and at first I thought it might be the International Space Station but something wasn't quite right and and the object moved slower than the ISS. Whatever this was, it was in our atmosphere and appeared to be between 1 and 2 miles from my location. 

I began watching through my binoculars and I decided to see if there would be a reaction if I said something. I spoke out loud and said, "Here I am, come closer." The object stopped abruptly. Hovered for a few seconds and then in an instant, it continued on at the same speed as before. 

When I first noticed the light, it appeared to be heading to the Northeast, stopped when I spoke and then took a more easterly direction. The object held a steady course and speed to the east. I could not see any wings, tail, or other structured features, just a disc, or oval shaped light.

The object itself, was a constant golden orange light, like an ember when fanned. There were no other lights. At one point the object appeared to look like a cross laying horizontal, with the cross member towards the front, much like an airplane. But as I watched through the binoculars, the object appeared to take on a disc shape, before it passed from my field of sight and behind the trees to my southeast. 

I tried several times to take photos with my digital camera but to no avail.

I must note that I heard the distinct sound of the jet as it passed overhead but I heard no sound from this other object and am not aware of any conventional aircraft that glow an orange golden color. My feelings during and after the sighting was disappointment, in that I had no photo to back up the sighting.

The sighting lasted for slightly under 5 minutes. I came in and called a friend that lives 6 miles to my east. I told her to go look outside and she would be able to see the object but she wouldn't do it. She just laughed and said it's probably already gone. In other words, she does not believe things like this exist and was not willing to look.

It was not the ISS or the HTV satellite. I checked the Human Space Flight tracking website to make sure.

I have included a depiction of what I saw.

I would like to add that the same morning, at 5:54 a.m., an unknown object passed over my residence, upset one of my dogs, caused my cell phone to activate, which in turn affected my clock radio (radio was turned off). The radio produced a short burst of what sounded mike Morse code. I then heard a low rumbling, humming sound, like a huge electric generator slowly passing over my home. At one point I felt a pressure in my chest and felt "pinned" to the bed. As the sound faded into the distance, I was released and don't remember anything else until I woke up a while later. I asked my spouse if he remembered anything. He said he did remember the cell phone/radio incident but not the sound passing over the house.
Thank you for your time.
