{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65664","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5493840.json","updb_database_id":5493840}
{rjl} Triangles, bright lights, welder sparks type lights in the skies over

My 15 year old son and I went to Rachel, Nevada on vacation and stayed 8 nights there. Having no night sightings what so ever, we then towed our camper to Goldfield, Nevada in hopes of entering the famous haunted Goldfield Hotel, haunted school and hang out late at night at the haunted cemetery and to stay a week there. One night we were at the cemetery sitting on the hood of my pickup truck facing due west, a little after midnight there suddenly appeared to the south three huge bright blinding white lights in perfect alignment at a 45 degree angle that came on separately at about 2 seconds apart. My son and I kept asking each other; "WHAT THE [language removed/cms/rjl] IS THAT?!?!? These lights NEVER MOVED AN INCH and stayed on for approximately 10 minutes and shut off in sequence as they had come on. During this my son was looking to the west in a pair of 10X50 high powered binoculars when we spotted a triangle of golden lights in the sky for about five minutes that suddenly separated into 3 triangles that were also stationary in the sky over area 51. After the triangles separated into three triangles for about 20 minutes they became one triangle again and formed into a single light for approximately 5 seconds and also shot into the sky like a bullet leaving a rifle barrel. I then noticed what looked like a jet airliner with no blinking lights flying from the north-west flying due south-east over area 51 with its steady blue light that came to an instant stop and changed to a white/golden color that was almost hidden by the stars in the sky but was a slightly different color and never moved for about 25 minutes. All of a sudden this light that was stationary reminded me of a welder with its sparks flying what was being welded in a down ward fashion shot straight up in the sky faster than a bullet leaving a rifle. After all this we seen a light as thou it was an airplane flying in from the north-west, fly directly to the south-east but its flying was extremely erratically, bouncing like from side to side and up and down. All of these strange, strange lights we witnessed lasted about 55 minutes. As suddenly as this light show started, it suddenly ended, no more lights to be seen. We have seen many more lights that moved about in a non traditional flight patterns. I was so glad my son was there to witness these strange lights so I could tell people what I had seen and my son was there so he could say; "yes we seen UFO's and my dad isn't crazy"! My son really never was a believer of UFO's or alien's until he witnessed these UFO's with me, he is now a FULL believer in UFO's and aliens after seeing them for himself. You may call me to ask me more about this event and would be happy to do so, call anytime.
