{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-15 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2445,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5287840.json","updb_database_id":5287840}
Looked like a passenger plane with all window shades open and bright interior lights

We were camping at Nehalem State Park on the Oregon coast. It was a clear night and I had commented that I should have brought my telescope. The night before had been very cloudy.
My stepdaughter yelled to me and was pointing upwards. My wife and I both looked up and saw a very large string of lights moving slowing (west to east track). My first thought was that it was cigar-shaped but it quickly became evident that is was a group of tight lights. There were no navigational lights seen, no noise and it never changed direction. Being prior military I'm familiar with airborne operations and based size upon a normal training jump altitude of 1,250'. If it were a 737 I would place it at between 2-3,000' feet in altitude. There was no other way to judge size but it looked like a 737 with a series of windows open and bright lights on inside. They were consistent lights but did seem to have a slight sparkle to them. We watched the object continue to move west and it eventually faded away in the distance; it never went below the horizon though. During the sighting I saw what I thought was a bright shooting star move in a north to south direction. That object never lost brightness and was only lost when it went behind some trees to our south. 
In what will surely haunt me forever, I'm an avid photographer but never reached for my camera. My whole thought process was spent determining what I was looking at and I couldn't come up with anything.
My wife and step-daughter both saw the object but I'm leaving their info out to respect their privacy.
