{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2812,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5470840.json","updb_database_id":5470840}
{rjl} Around 1-2am we noticed a bright light in the direction of Grand Forks. It was pretty high up and very bright, as we watched, it began dropping lights from it

My wife and son and Sister headed up to ND to my dad's house for the 4th of July, after we had set off some fireworks and watched a few others in town celebrating, we settled back in lawn chairs to watch the stars and gaze at the milky way. 

Around 1-2am we noticed a bright light in the direction of Grand Forks. It was pretty high up and very bright, as we watched, it began dropping lights from it, I assumed it was Air Force training with flares but the flares were multi colored, blue, yellow white and red, the main light was white. 

As they dropped, they kind of hung in the air like flares but then they started moving up and around the main white light. Flares can travel with the wind but I've never seen them move up and circle around what dropped them. As we were watching the lights, I caught movement out of the corner of my eye, looking to the left off the corner of my dad's house, I saw an object going over the street light on the road to the south of the house. 

At the point I first saw it it was about 100 feet away and travelling above the treeline across the street, I watched as it went along the street above the trees, just as it was going out of sight it released what looked like molten metal from a port on the side of the craft. 

I could see the street lights illuminating the bottom of the craft. It looked somewhat modular in construction, it was about 20-25 feet long, taller in the back and slightly tapered towards the front. It kind of reminded me of the ships from Space 1999 but smaller and more compact. 

I turned back after the ship passed and within 30 seconds the bright white light we had been watching had absorbed all the lights it had released and faded into nothing. I think this was one of ours, the proximity to Grand Forks AFB, which was about 45 miles in the direction we saw the lights. I had eyes on the object for about 20-30 seconds before it passed out of sight and I was looking at it from the side with unobstructed view. This was in 2010, I haven't seen anything like this since.
