{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-28 01:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38147","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5721,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5518840.json","updb_database_id":5518840}
star or distant flood light that could go point A to point B almost instantly

Well Ive been watching the UFO shows on TV again today and saw the English Roswell episode and wondered if anyone was interested in what we saw several years ago. Sorry I didn't tell you all when it happened but I just learned what MUFON is and does from the TV shows. Im sure there must have been much better reports on what we saw because we seemed to be very far away from this. Anyway, the light looked starlike or like a distant flood light pointed our way, over and much further away from the pine trees which were about .5 miles south of us. We thought this light which later ended up being about 3 different ones, well we figured they were several miles away, maybe 5 to 7 making the lights quit and small. Anyway this original light would move around aimlessly around kinda a little like maybe could have been something like a fast small helicopter could do from this many miles away but then would hover very still it would traverse on a horizontal plane almost instantly. It also did this in different directions as well but mostly horizontal making it seem like it was having fun and looking at different parts of earth. There is no way anything on earth can do what we saw UNLESS and I mean this is the ONLY way this is earth tech. The ONLY way I know of is if this was done using multiple inviable lasers (most are)at different points on the ground that would triangulate into a visible light and could then move in a way as to make this small light travel almost instantly and stop about instantly. I would think that college kids with the right robotic arms or cnc tech hooked up to the right lasers and might be able to do this so I assume this is what we saw but if not them we indeed saw a UFO. Because nothing we have ever put in the sky can maneuver from a deed hover to hundreds if not thousands of miles an hour and stop about and almost but just slightly less than instant but nearly instantly stop and go like which what we witnessed. So again a hologram in the sky is the only humanly way possible I know of to do what we saw. It would also slowly drift around aimlessly at a very slow speed, stop, then zip A to B near instantly. It went to the other light and after a few hours the two left one after the other and the second at different but slower speeds as they accelerated together and then we noticed a third light went with them much much dimmer and I maybe the only one to have seen the third since it was so dim. I will add if these were non earth UFOs although they appeared to us to be over the horizon they might have also been much further and in space since its very hard to judge distance from a small point of light and when they left they did leave in about a 45 degree angle from the horizon in an up/right angle from the horizon and they didn't seem to get much if any larger. These lights did look a lot like the stars around them. So I will search this site now and see if anyone may have seen these things up closer or closer than us. Ive never seen anything like this before and have not since and I don't expect to ever see anything like this again unless either the same guys re-run the hologram program prank or the non earth things come back. Again these are the ONLY two options because humans cant make air born objects move like this. We can only do this with some kind of hologram laser light show. This was my wife and I and also my mom and dad and uncle on my dads boat on Lake Huron looking south. We were located about 30 miles or so north east of Mackinaw island looking south. Im the only one that thinks it could have been an earth based hologram prank but when i asked everyone else in the boat NO one had any idea what they were looking at my dad originally said...helicopter. I quickly said do you really think a chopper can move like that. He looked a while longer and said I have no idea what that is. And my dad is a retired air force pilot and has flown everywhere and has never seen anything weird like this before or after. I will add I had a very weird feeling like it since most of the time we thought it was just one I had a weird feeling that it might zip all the way to us and almost instantly be larger and up close and in person to us. So I guess Im not positive this was a hologram prank cause I think I was joking around and said what if whatever that is zips all the way over hear in a second and is a big UFO and i think as a said that realized holy crap what if it did do that then was a little scary. But it seemed to be kinda playful in nature, whatever it was like it was bored while the second one just stayed motionless mostly. Clearly it was the one trying to learn or do something more than the one flitting all over. Im repeating. Sorry ok Im done. Oh and if your wondering what we were doing so late on a boat, we were rock base fishing with jitterbugs casting at the rocks around 11:30 to 1:30 they will bite on them. They usually only bite when its overcast but i do remember seeing some stars out. Thanks for reading this sorry for typos and rambling on, lol.
