{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-10 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527840","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27772","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3242,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/840/mufon-5527840.json","updb_database_id":5527840}
Bright lights in sky near Brownwood / Abilene / Stephenville Tx

I was driving with my parents NW on hwy 183 between Lampasas and Brownwood between 7-8pm. A little ways out of Lampases, from the passenger seat, Dad says "There's a UFO"...I laughed and just kept driving. A little while later, I spotted 2 bright yellowish/orange lights (like about the size of a headlight from a mile or two away) in the night sky ahead of us and off to the North towards Stephenville or Comanche. I jokingly said "There's your UFO's". After a few seconds of us watching them just hang there at about a 45 degree angle from us in the sky, they were gone! Like a light being turned out. I said "whoa, that was weird!" and kept searching the sky while trying to keep the vehicle on the road.

  By this time, mom was asking from the back seat what we were talking about because she couldn't see anything from back there. As I kept driving,(maybe 5-10 min later) the lights appeared again, except this time there were more of them that I could see. I saw a couple in front of me, and as I leaned in towards the stearing wheel, I could see 4 or 5 more off to the right (North). Dad and I were watching in amazement and pointing at them as mom tried to move around in the back seat so she could see. A few seconds later, they were gone again, just like before. This happened one more time, that I saw, before we got to Brownwood. If I wouldn't have been driving, I might have seen more. Dad, who had a better view from his side, kept saying he was seeing little blinking lights way up there moving around in the same area. They were probably jet planes looking for whatever we were seeing in the sky.

  When we got to Brownwood at about 8:00 p.m., we headed west on 67 towards San Angelo. Another couple pulled up next to us at a stop light and rolled down their window and asked if we had seen the lights too. (they said they wanted to make sure they weren't going crazy) As we got halfway through town, we saw the lights again off to the NW towards Abilene. This time Mom got a better view because they were lower, at about a 30 deg. angle. It started out as what looked like one big light and then all of a sudden, as I said "Hey look!", it just split off into about 7-10 slightly smaller ones that were aligned in a perfectly horizontal row and evenly spaced apart. A few seconds later, they just vanished again like a light being turned off and that's the last time we saw them. I mean I have seen lights in the sky before, but that was the craziest thing I've ever seen. If I wouldn't have been driving, I would have tried to capture the images with my Iphone.
