{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490405","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69183","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3651,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/405/mufon-5490405.json","updb_database_id":5490405}
{cak} taking architecture photo 250th of a second, noticed later that there was object, cylindrical in sky. white, some linear pattern at bottom covering diameter of object. object at angle pointing downward. 330 degrees toward right, or north.

may 10th, around 310 pm. time may be hour off. my digital camera may be set incorrectly. if important contact me i will check. standing outside century 21 w/nikon d7000-18-200mm lens doing architectural shots. took several pointing toward buildings, west. did not see object. photo taken 250th of second so this makes sense. on the subway home reviewing shots, even tho i need reading glasses which i did not have on i noticed something in sky and put glasses on and was amazed to see a white cylindrical shaped object cloud color w/linear line going across the bottom of object. tho it is obvious is not a lenticular cloud. object in west sky pointing down/northward at a 300 degree angle. arriving home uploaded to nikon view/transfer/put thru nikon capture program to change raw/nef file to tiff, then to photoshop to make it a jpg. as seen in photo. this is the first time i have photographed ufo. tho once not certain of date, around 1969 night was in neighborhood park bailey ave park, bronx ny, 233rd st. believe i was looking eastward. saw object looked like full moon. could not have been moon because there appeared what looked to be craft, 2? i think, at the time i thought they were air force fighter jets. frozen just aside the object and they would have had to be hundreds of miles across if this were the moon so it must have been a smaller object. and there was a green mist surrounding object. i recall hearing on the news not to worry that there was an airforce test in ny. i cannot attest however that this was the same event. but the event i do absolutely recall. tho i cannot recall the exact year, or whom i was with. i was with one or 2 childhood friends. i was approx 12-14 at the time. file size provided. if absolutely necessary i can provide larger; nef, tiff, jpg, & or i can send the memory card, but only if you feel this is an interesting shot and would be worthy. i have 2 cards. one is hidden elsewhere,not in my home. i did this in case i needed to prove the event. honestly this object appears to be a real solid object. i have been shooting pictures since 1970. began developing my own film in 71 have had various cameras probably 25 in all. i still shoot film, more than several lenses. have experienced all kinds of abberations and lens flare, in this image you can see some lens flare. i believe. the typical type but this does not to me appear to be that. and i know of no type of artifacting typical of digital either. i have images with getty, not many and am familiar with overprocessing and it's effects. this image was sharpened slightly, and contrast enhanced slightly. i may have increased color a bit but that is all. please contact me and let me know your thoughts on this object.
