{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-14 23:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509405","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49025","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4511,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/405/mufon-5509405.json","updb_database_id":5509405}
(GS) Silent Diamond UFO Dropping Objects

Ill start from the beginning. Bare with me here, it was a weird day.

Sighting 11:24 PM - 11:28 PM PST

[I will use aliases for my friends names from the sighting]

So I am with my friends "S" and "C", and also my sister "E". We were hanging out at my house and our other friends who were over just left. I was feeling pretty ill, with a bad migraine that was lasting hours. My sister and my friends wanted to go get beer, so they asked me to drive. Even though I had the worst migraine of my life, I decided to take them. We got to Safeway and my migraine worsened so I decided to take a nap while "S" and "E" got the beer. Meanwhile "C" was outside smoking a cigarette.

I was soon woken up by the gang to drive them home. My headache had worsened and I needed to regain composure to drive. I started the car and looked out my window as I waited until I was ready. I noticed a bright orange light in the sky. It was just hovering there. I wasnt sure at this point if it was moving towards me, or just sitting in one place. It was very bright. I sat and observed for a while. It was blinking at irregular intervals.

Suddenly I was able to focus my vision to see what I think was the objects outline, it appeared diamond shaped. Though I was not sure if it was just the way the light looked or not because it seemed to be an orb/sphere. After examining the video a bit, I could sometimes make out a triangular shape, but am not sure if its a defect in the footage or the actual craft. After about 15 - 20 seconds, I realized I was witnessing a UFO. I turned off the car engine and I didn't say anything right away to avoid ridicule. I decided to wait and see what happened. 

I realized after about a minute that I needed them to see this with me. "What the hell is that ?!?!" I shouted while pointing to the UFO.

"C" replied that he had been watching the object as well, the others looked after I told them. I immediately asked for the time. 11:26 PM PST. We all watched it together for about a minute. I kept asking someone to film the object, but everyone was in awe. Nobody spoke.

About 11:27 the UFO dropped what looked to be a car sized object from below. The object was black. No lights. No glow. When it dropped, we also saw what I can only describe as line like sparks or plasma ejecting from below and around the black, car sized object. When the object dropped, the light blinked.

I got out of the car for a better look. I listened closely... no noise. NOTHING.

The UFO dropped about 3 more objects during our sighting, blinking each time. At about 11:28 the object disappeared.

Soon after, a military plane flew by the area. Soon after that, the sky filled with strange fog/clouds so dense, not a single spot of the sky was visible anymore. I am unsure of how high up the object was.

Later I found out that "C" took a video of the sighting.

Attached is the video taken of the sighting. It is about 50 seconds in length. Taken on I-phone 5.

Also attached is an enhanced version of the footage, an animation/visual representation of the ufo, and the possible flight path.

---
I called the military to ask them if they flew anything over the area, they told me that they are not allowed to talk about secret missions. I have the audio recording available of the call if needed. I will post everything on my youtube page at a later date.

The video on youtube
[YouTube link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
