{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-03-09 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522405","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33657","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3104,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/405/mufon-5522405.json","updb_database_id":5522405}
Black triangular shaped one beam facing down onto ground

First I need to describe the place I was. My brother and I slept in an old school bus that had windows that curved up slightly toward the roof of the bus, and my twin sized be was turned sideways in the back of the bus so that I could use this view to see stars at night as I sleep. So, I was going to bed, it was a school night so I was usually in bed by 9:30/10. As a sophomore I was one of the few that had a cell phone and was talking to my crush on the phone. We were arguing about something when the phone disconnected. I tried a couple times to call back but there was just a busy tone.
  After laying in bed, looking out the window I noticed a light on the house next to the bus. The light stopped on the Prime-star satellite dish that was right outside the back door of the bus, only 5 feet or so from my legs. The light moved on after three or four seconds and continued down the field towards the landowners house about a football field or two away from my bed. As the craft moved away from me I looked up to see a Black triangle, no other lights on the craft, that emitted no sound at all. The craft seemed to have been only flying between 15 to 30 feet above the bus. The whole sighting lasted about 2 minutes from the time I first spotted the light until it turned the light off about 100 yards away.

  When my phone rang I told the person on the other side about my sighting. Of course I was told yeah right and then the previous tension was brought up and I for the past hour I was not answering my phone. I detested that my phone was on and only 10 minutes or so since I last talked to them. The next day my high school crush and I went to get my hair cut and the old guys at the barber shop were asking one another if they heard the army helicopters flying around the night before. My crush and I looked at one another, me giving a "see, I told you so" look in the moment we connected eyes.

I never felt any fear about seeing the craft. I was very calm and was kinda excited. In fact I really never gave being abducted a thought until I noticed that ANY time I watch UFO material cretin things I hear on the program,makes me get major goose bump and my eyes tear up. I try to make myself remember anything but I usually just end up getting headaches for a few days. I think that I may have been abducted, I don't have a memory of that but I did have loss of time and get chills when I see Factional Evidence provided by television programs.
