{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-09-01 03:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481405","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78612","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2851,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/405/mufon-5481405.json","updb_database_id":5481405}
I drive by the site daily. I still look EVERY TIME.

In the fall of 1989 I left for work with my wife from Swan Hills for the 3 Hour Dr. to red earth creek. Leaving at five 3 AM to be at work for 630 was a common thing I know it would've been Thursday in the early morning hours . There was no clouds in a decent mood light the moon was behind us . We pulled out of town I was about to make the right-hand turn when I noticed something hovering in an open cut line almost level with me about 150 yards from the road . I remember my wife was digging through her purse to make sure she had her ID and her wallet . I remarked what I was looking at you she looked up and we both exclaimed there's something I've never seen before she quoted what the hell is that ? Hovering about 30 feet above the trees was a disc shaped dark item surrounded by an outer ring of lights that looked about 5 feet apart. I knew it was rotating because the multicoloured lights on the outer ring when I could see one disappear on the left side of the craft a new one would appear on the right side I open the door to my truck which upset my wife tremendously . I explained to her that I didn't want to see it through window I wanted to see it with my own eyes I leaned out the truck door with my feet on the pavement and watched it for approximately three minutes the craft stayed right where it was the whole time . I could hear a very low frequency him when I was outside the truck I shut the lights off in the truck and the second I did that it travelled west away for me at a high rate of speed and disappeared from view in about two seconds . I have never actually reported this incident although it has definitely changed my views on extraterrestrial life I always said you can't tell me what I saw with my own eyes . Many years later I was talking to my ex-wife and I wanted to see if her recollection of that night was the same as mine and they are exactly the same mine with a little more detail because I think it affected me a little bit deeper than her .

I work in the area again now 20 years later and I look up at the sky all night during night shifts.

I could still photograph the area and give detailed maps of its location and it's direction of travel if need be .
