{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-19 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483405","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76495","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2256,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/405/mufon-5483405.json","updb_database_id":5483405}
It was a long shiny object that had lights all across exterior. It looked like it was having trouble n could not get enuf lift to leave. It kept going up then down then sideways for the duration of my observation

730am I came outside on my back porch n I noticed right away a shiny line towards the east. I thought at first it was part of the suns rays, but then realized lol the suns rays would not be horizontal. I looked n saw this long oblong shaped object in the sky above the sun. Again I thought maybe I t was a reflection off my glasses so I took glasses off. It was still there n I could see that this thing had lights that appeared to be blinking all across it's length. I watched it for awhile going above the sun, to the left of the sun then below the sun the. To the right of the sun. I then went I to the house to get my cell to record this thing - not expecting it to still be there when I came back. But it was there n I took 2 videos of it. This thing continued it's "dance" n I got the impression it was trying to hide within the rays of the sun. I also seen two orbs of cloud like substance go streaking across the area where this object was. One strange thing about that morning was: there was not one single plane in the air, n I usually I will see 3-4 of smoke trails of planes. It was also a very bright blue sky n I don't recall seeing any clouds.
I continued to watch this thing n record until a little after 8am, when it finally went below the tree line (first time it did that). I did not stay outside to see if it came back up. It made me feel very sad, as I could imagine whatever was in that object was probably scared.
