{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-16 20:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3133,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5487143.json","updb_database_id":5487143}
{cak} Ufo yet again seen in leon county

The video included is from tonight, November 16 2015, because it was compressed it may not as clearly show what i saw. I have already submitted something in 2014 about the same ufo but never pursued the case. After seeing it once or twice a week I've finally decided to do something about it. It always comes from the same place (North, from the lake, towards somewhere south) tonight i just saw it while driving. here is my last account that may give more insight from May 2 2014 
"We were driving down {location Removed} at about 9 pm when I saw two bright lights, brighter and different from any airplane lights I've seen. I told the driver of the car to keep going and not turn so we can see what it was. As we got closer and closer (we are on a road heading right for a lake called Lake Iamonia) we noticed that it was not moving, seemingly hovering. We went right to the lake from and parked with our lights on. It was hovering at the center of the lake. I am not sure how big it exactly was, but it wasn't small, and it was hovering about 200 feet up. It had two main bright lights on its wings and a smaller white light on the front. We watched it for about 5 minutes, just sitting there hovering. I decided to take a picture of it to show people, but i forgot to turn off the flash. Right after I flashed the camera (the photo is not that good) it started coming toward us. We were still interested, so we rolled down the window to get a look. The sound was a quiet drone, almost like an airplane that is very, very high up in the sky ( just a reminder again, it wasn't high in the sky at all). It wasn't going fast to start out with, but when it went over us and we turned around to follow it, it spend up gradually to a speed we could not even match with our car. We also noticed as it was over us that there definitely was two wings, on the side of it there was small red lights, and it was a sharp triangle. That was the last we saw of it, going out into the distance."
This and the rest of my accounts have been nearly identical, it is very clearly not a plane. It is too low and too slowly moving. My only explanation is an oddly large drone. Considering it is about the size of about two compact cars, it would have to be one unique drone and would not be some civilian tech. It is here all the time around the same time, i just want to know what it is.
