{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-24 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88292","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5472143.json","updb_database_id":5472143}
{rjl} 25 or more starlike objects moving erratically some moving in pairs bright+dim

I was outside smoking about 10 pm and when looking up at the stars I noticed a brighter star moving very unusually back and forth the going straight before changing direction. I then started looking around the sky directly above head and noticed 20-25 of the objects. I can see orion's belt and so I decided to use it as a point of reference, those stars remained stationary. It also appears that there are brighter ones accompanied by a smaller dimmer one each moving in tandem getting closer to each other then moving apart and then doing it again. Some of the larger,brighter singular ones appear to be pulsating and moving in a very tight figure 8 formation. For lack of a better explanation I came to the conclusion that this was some type of "invasion" where these objects were taking up positions in the sky, the whole sky. The light pollution in my neighborhood is prolific but my wife was able to capture some cell phone video of the brighter singular objects and what was not visible until we reviewed that footage that all around the object at varying distances were
millisecond small flashes of white and red light intermittent and random.
 I do not know what they are, if they were not doing the strange things I have mentioned I would assume they were stars but this most certainly has me puzzled. My wife also called the local news station WSFA and they said that they would have their meteorologist go outside and take a look but she hung up the phone and had the feeling they thought she was crazy and or drunk. It is now 11:30 PM and as I head to bed I can still observe most if not all of the objects. I look forward to the morning to see if it was just me or if any other similar reports were submitted since I am sure they could be seen over the entire SE US.
