{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-26 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106469","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3299,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5455143.json","updb_database_id":5455143}
{rjl} Several ships observed in the sky in a straight line

At 5 in the morning my dad was outside smoking a cigarette looking up at the sky, he always does so. When he was looking he started to notice a precise line of UFOs equal distance from each other, traveling at the same exact speed. He had counted 20 separate ships before waking my mom up to come outside and see. They then ran into my room and woke me up. What I saw was insane! These ships were completely silent, and at this moment we had counted at least 50 ships. This went on for about 5 minutes. They dropped from one side of the sky and traveled southeast towards Arizona would be my guess. The final two ships flew side by side, and then finally they were gone. It was the weirdest thing to see! I immediately took to the internet in hope that we weren't the only ones to witness this insane sight, but had no luck. It is actually how I stumbled upon this website. I was looking for hashtags that could relate to what I saw. Yesterday proved unsuccessful for finding someone else who shared our experience. It wasnt until this morning that I checked again, and TWO more people said the same thing as I did! I am shocked more people arent talking about it, but I feel validated now that we weren't the only ones who had seen it. The weird thing is that they saw it a day after we had. This was the weirdest thing I have experienced, and I 100% believe it was something not of our world. I got in contact with one of the other people who experienced the same thing this morning, he described to me the same incident. I tried to get video of the objects, but they were too far away, so my phone couldn't pick up on them. They moved quickly from one side of the sky, to the other. More people need to be talking about this, more people need to be watching! I just feel like no one is taking it seriously because of the scale it was in, but I do really feel like it was something. Especially now that I know my family wasnt the only one to experience the same thing. I included some screenshots of what the other people who had witnessed it had seen since I dont think they were able to get any video evidence either, but it is what they had seen as well!
