{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-10 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7325,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5460143.json","updb_database_id":5460143}
{rjl} Two Triangular UFO's Zig Zagged from a Distance, then Hovered Directly Overhead at Low Altitude

I would have reported this long ago, however, very soon after this UFO sighting, I became very ill, was bedridden for almost a year, and became subsequently disabled. It is only recently that I have started to feel better enough to have the physical energy to write this report.

In late summer of 2014, my husband and I stopped at Bruneau Dunes State Park in Mountain Home Idaho for an overnight camping visit. We are night owls and it was very hot during the day so we had planned to hike up to the big dune late that night. We were sitting outside around midnight when my husband said "Look! What is that?!". Off in the far distance to our south (looking towards the dunes from the Eagle Cove campground) we saw two bright lights that were zig zagging and flying around very quickly. They were about 45 degrees above the horizon at that point and although it's hard to estimate, I would say at least 3 miles from us. They were most certainly flying and in a very erratic pattern neither of us had ever seen a regular aircraft fly. This went on for about 20 minutes and then they disappeared.

We were both pretty shocked at what we had just seen and began our hike to the dunes. For a little while it seemed the objects has disappeared and we were discussing how cool it was that we had just both seen our first UFO. Little did we know what we had seen was nothing compared to what was to come.

We made it to the top of the dunes (about half an hour had passed since we had since the two lights in the distance) and were just sitting there when out of nowhere the two lights appeared again only this time they were much closer (about a half a mile away when we noticed them). The lights were moving very fast in a straight line directly towards us (now coming out of the SW direction from where we were). We observed two triangular shaped black UFO's almost directly over our heads. Each had 2 red lights and 1 green light located at the points of the triangle. They also had a reddish-orange colored light in the center bottom of the craft. At this point the objects were flying at an elevation of only around 150-200 feet. When they were directly in front of us they slowed down significantly and I could hear a low humming sound. One of them was flying slightly higher up than the other. They both started to turn and when they did so neither of them tilted at all. It was more of a spinning rotation when they turned. They flew rapidly back towards the SW direction and flying higher and higher up until they disappeared completely. One thing I noted was that I never heard a sonic boom. I had visited White Sands Missle Range once, and I saw a couple of what I assumed were stealth bombers during the day there. When those aircraft flew away fast and very high up you could hear it when they broke the sound barrier. What struck me about the UFO's I saw was that other than a subtle low hum when they were close, they seemed to emit no sound whatsoever.

So now my husband and I are actually a bit shaken up and decide it's time to go back to the campsite. We hike down the dunes and walk across a parking lot that's right near the park's observatory (we didn't want to walk back the way we came in which was a wilderness trail as the parking lot was shorter and we were freaked out). Out of nowhere the two triangular craft were back and they were flying almost as low as the tree tops right over the parking lot. It really seemed as if they were letting us know that they knew we were there and that we had seen them. Then the flew away once again.

I should point out there is an air force base nearby this location. So perhaps this is some technology we now have, I don't know. Or perhaps the visitors have a habit of showing off near our air force bases.

As if this wasn't already strange enough, let me continue. Now, this next part might be nothing or a coincidence, but I believe it's worth mentioning. The next day, we woke up and made our coffee, then sat outside drinking coffee. A dog which I believe was either a golden retriever or a retriever mix of some type came up to us out of nowhere. He was very friendly. It was odd because we were literally maybe one of only two or three campers in the entire place. It's not a popular place to go in the middle of summer, it's just too hot there. So the dog eventually wanders away. Some time later, a black SUV pulls up to our campsite. A guy gets out and starts asking us if we lost our dog because he explains he saw a stray dog around and he was just wondering if it was ours. We said no, it wasn't our dog. He thanked us and got back in his SUV. As he's leaving the campground area, he slows way down, someone else in the car in the backseat with him opens the door and whistles, and the dog comes a running and jumps in the SUV like the dog was with them. Strange right?!!

One more thing, and again, this could be totally unrelated, but I do have to put this out there. While I can't say we had missing time for sure, It was around 12:15-12:30 am when we started hiking to the dunes. It wasn't until almost 3am that we were back to our RV. It didn't really feel like we were out there for 2 1/2 hours though. Now when this incident occurred, I was a very healthy active thirty something year old. Several weeks after this incident I was seriously injured due to a rare reaction to an antibiotic. I had been having some sinus issues since spring that year, but they got significantly worse after this incident. So when I returned home I went to the doctor where I was given a strong antibiotic. Within 3 days of the meds I was in the hospital unable to walk with both acchilles tendons partially ruptured. I ended up bed ridden for almost a year. Eventually they diagnosed me with irreversible nervous system damage and neuropathy that's similar to a chemo induced neuropathy. This is a known rare thing that can happen to people with this particular antibiotic, but I had one of the most severe cases that anyone has seen. I know this is probably a coincidence that all of this happened to me right after the UFO sighting. I just can't help but be haunted by the fact that that night was the last time I ever went hiking or will ever probably go hiking for the rest of my life. There is an itching feeling to me that there may be more to this story than even I know or remember. 

I wish I had been able to get some video evidence. I did try to film it on my phone but the phone was poor quality and all that came out was a faint blurry dot of light. I have subsequently lost that phone and unfortunately what I did film was lost forever.
