{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-19 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25341","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4131,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5530143.json","updb_database_id":5530143}
2 large spacecraft (triangle and disc); multiple small spheres; bright multi-colored lights.

At approximately 1:30 AM (EST) on April 19, 2010 my wife and I were sitting in our small hotel room near the beach in Progreso, Yucatan. All of a sudden I said to her excitedly: 1We have to get to the beach. C1mon, let1s go right now!1 Within minutes we had dressed and ran down to the beach across the street. (An urgent voice in my head had told me to get to the beach immediately.)

We sat on the beach and looked up at the sky, due north over the Gulf of Mexico. Patchy cirrus clouds made it necessary to be extremely focused, as what took place often occurred at incredible speeds, infinitely faster than the fastest military aircraft. 

There were two large ships. "N" (my wife) and I estimate that they appeared about as big as football fields, but we could be way off. One ship was circular and its contours were illuminated by a rainbow array of lights. The other was triangular, and emitted what we immediately thought was a laser-like light---a glow---that was magnificent. These ships were relatively stable in the skies. Although they moved in any direction at will and even appeared to change shape, what they sent into the skies was even more incredible. 

About twenty spheres were released by the ships and performed amazing feats of aeronautical engineering. They went up, stopped, went down, went left, right, changed direction. And then we were treated to something even more fantastic. One of the spheres zigzagged (like a zipper) from an altitude of about one mile and landed in the Gulf of Mexico, swimming distance to where we marveled on the beach. Neither of us has seen faster movement by a material object. It was incredibly beautiful.

After forty-five minutes (2:15 EST) we were more than overwhelmed and went back to our hotel room. Interestingly, the following day we met our Shaman in the pueblito of Halacho near the Campeche border with Yucatan and he told us: 1It is good that you can see them.1 A fisherman who works at a popular restaurant in Merida said: 1Yes. Two years ago we saw one in the same place. It landed in the water and didn1t even make a ripple.1

Following this sighting, for a period of approximately three weeks, my wife and I experienced unusual phenomena (for me, life-changing). This is not the first time this has happened:

On May 30, 1998 (in Los Angeles) a brilliant white light appeared in my bedroom at 2:02 AM. I felt myself (my mind, I guess) being drawn into the light. I have no other memory of this experience. When it was over it was 2:22 AM. Several weeks later a spirit-like being(female)appeared at the foot of my bed and observed my ex-wife and I. My ex-wife said to me: "Get back into bed." I said: "I am." She said: "Stop goofing around. I see you standing over there." I was in bed, watching the almost incorporeal being for approximately five minutes. These two experiences changed my life in a multitude of ways. Also, I learned to be extremely discreet in who I discussed these matters with. Almost everybody thought I was suffering from psychotic delusions. (I was 48 years old at the time with no history of mental or emotional problems).

This is the second time that "N" and I have seen UFOs together. On September 9, 2003, with my son "J", we witnessed a thirty minute 1display1 in which several spacecraft were encountered by dozens of military planes in the desert skies above Prescott, Arizona. We reported our experience to the FBI in Phoenix.
