{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-08-10 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3301,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5493143.json","updb_database_id":5493143}
{nd} Friend & I, around 9yrs old; summer 1970, tiny town of Hasty, CO, craft hovered directly over us, no sound, no air current, dark center, oscillating,colored lights outer circumference. hovered over us as we hurried, looking up at it 1.5 city bloc

I lived in a tiny boom town near a dam in SE Colorado during the summer of 1970. My good friend was spending the night at my house. Our town was so small that there were only a few kids that lived there and everyone was in their houses after dark, watching tv, or in bed. For entertainment that night, we walked 1.5 city blocks from my house, crossed the empty highway to go to the only place still open,maybe between 9-11pm. After playing pin ball, and buying sodapops, we crossed the highway again; no traffic anywhere, no streetlights; God as my wittness; this thing came over us from behind, all at once. Dark in the center, red, blue, green round lights oscillating around the perimiter of the round shape. It was over us, like as high as the old phone and power lines were back then-15-20 ft. We were surprised but not terrified and my 1st thought was some weird helicopter, then knew it couldn't be because there was no noise or wind from it. Total silence and it hovered right over us as we cantered the 1.5 city block,back home. We ran into the front door of the house, telling my Mom about it as we ran to the back screen door to watch as it had passed over my house, quietly gliding across the empty fields, s.e. towards, and over our old Church and various houses. It didn't harm us. My Mom and older sister probably didn't believe us, but do now.  I wasn't negatively affected by this and thought it was interesting and exciting but; later when we went to bed, we weren't even talking about it when I turned off the light to go to sleep, my friend freaked out-panicked and said she saw huge black eyes all around. She called her Mom to come get her(my friend lived a couple of miles up the hill towards the dam). I experienced none of the frightening visions that she did. I just thought she was over sensitive and imagined that part. Strangely, it was not spoken of by any of us again, yet we remained good friends. I later moved out of state. Would love to know what she remembers about that incident. It would be interesting to be regressed in case there are more details. I definitely would take a lie detector test, because this DID happen.
 In the Alamosa Colorado hills, late 1960s, my Dad and older siblings had also seen dead, wild horses with green, glowing goo coming out of them, as well as strange lights in the sky, moving in ways that no air plane or jet could have. None of us reported any of this, for the same reasons others don't.
