{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-03 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117246","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4810,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5286143.json","updb_database_id":5286143}
Saw a line of stationary equally spaced light. They started moving and changing color. One approached me rapidly and hovered close.

While driving from June Lake, CA to St George, UT, the Google shortest route took me down the whole 100-mile length of Nevada State Road 375, also know as "The Extraterestial Highway', from NW to SE. Near milepost 23 in Nye County, which is near the northern end of the 35-mile strait stretch of SR 375 in Nye County Nevada that runs almost due south, I was surprised to see a stationary formation of four bright steady white lights in the middle of the desert off to my left. Each light was much brighter than Venus and had a much larger apparent diameter. All four lights were the same white color and equally bright. They appeared to be exactly colinear and equally spaced. At first, I thought they were streetlights on a parallel dirt road off to my left (ENE of SR 375.) That road I thought had to be along a hill or ridge at a slightly higher elevation than SR 375 because the direction from me to each of the four lights was inclined about 15 degrees above horizontal. However, it was a very dark moonless night, so I couldn’t see any of the terrain along SR 375 beyond what the car’s headlights revealed. I just assumed the four lights had to be on a hill, but I couldn’t see a hill or ridge. As I drove by the lights, I judged them to be about the same distance from the highway as they were from each other. It was also taking about a minute to drive from the closest point to one light to the closest point to the next light. Therefore, I judged the lights to be about a mile from the road and a mile apart from each other.

   When I reached the closest point to the last light in the line of four lights, I was shocked to look to back and to my left and see the first three ‘streetlights’ moving. I immediately stopped the car to get a good look at this. The first three lights were moving around and hovering in different places. Two of the lights passed each other. The objects seemed to be white when hovering, and changed from white to brilliant pastel green, yellow, or red as they moved. One light split into two pieces that rotated around each other. Another object may have split into two pieces too, because I counted six lights at one point. One object shot out a green beam.

   After watching the objects for about a minute, one of them caused me to panic. It was the last object to begin moving and the closest to me when my car stopped. It suddenly turned brilliant yellow and began to move slowly to the right. Then it made an abrupt right turn and raced straight at me! In two or three seconds it looked like it would fly over me in the next split second, but it suddenly stopped and hovered just short of me. It lit up a wide area of the ground underneath it. I could see rocks, boulders, and brushy plants on the ground under the object. It made no noise at any time. I was able to judge its height above the ground, about 100 feet I thought, and its distance from me, at most 1000 feet away I thought, maybe only 500 feet. With the ground illuminated, I could see that the terrain on the left side of SR 375 was flat, not the hill sloping up to the left at a 15-degree incline that I had earlier assumed was there. The initial four objects had to have been initially hovering several hundred feet above the ground when I first saw them!

   When the fourth object suddenly shot forward from a point that I estimated to be a mile away to a point less than 1000 feet from me in two or three seconds, I later calculated that it was silently moving hundreds of miles per hour. I panicked when I saw the object race directly at me so suddenly. A few seconds later while speeding away down SR 375, I was greatly relieved to look back and see that the object hovering next to the road was not chasing me. A couple minutes later I looked back and couldn’t see any lights.

   These objects were certainly not conventional aircraft. However, I can't rule out highly sophisticated, large electric drones capable of speeds of at least 200 MPH, and able to carry extremely brilliant lights able to continuously vary their color and project beams.
