{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-08 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5480143.json","updb_database_id":5480143}
{rjl} I had pulled into a parking lot lots of businesses were, I was talking on the phone with a friend. All the sudden I saw a bunch of lights that looked like they were shooting from the ground up into the sky but I couldn't see the ground because the r

It was October 8, 2016 around 8:30 PM I pulled into a parking lot with local businesses all around. I was talking on the phone with one of my friends, around 8:45 PM I started to see flashing lights start from what appeared to be the ground but I had rooftops in the way. There was at least 35-40 lights shooting up pretty good size. From then they started to go across the sky and they formed a Chevron type shape, at that moment I took two pictures. From then I started to drive towards where I thought this was coming from. I still had my friend on the phone telling her everything I was seeing. As I'm driving the lights came back around and formed triangles, probably about 8 or so triangles all pretty close together. By this time I was driving as fast as I could to get to the closest parking lot where the lights were coming from. After the triangles, there was a huge V-shape very large V-shape, at that moment I was able to pull into another parking lot and get out of my car, got my phone went to take a picture and the lights went dark except for one light that remained for about 10 minutes. Then it faded out. But I could see the outline of a huge mothership right before the V lights went dim. I have 3 pics total, unfortunately not of the triangles or Aviva of the Chevron and them shooting from the side or what looked like the ground. Im a normal sane a person, I know what I saw that night was not of this world. It still blows my mind what I saw. I've shown a few the pictures and only told a few the story. I've talk to for ex military men, from all 4 branches. They all say it's either crazy or creepy or they've never seen anything like it!
