{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2381,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5470143.json","updb_database_id":5470143}
Star like object on the distance

I saw this object when i stepped outsinde in the evening, to the driveway of my house to get some fresh air.
I was talking to my girlfriend at the time on the phone, and since it was a nice night, with just a few clouds and the sky was full of stars, i decided to stargaze a little. At some point i noticed something. A moving star. It was on a straight path, so i assumed it was a sattelite, but didn't take my eyes off of it. I told my girlfriend what i was seeing, and then, all of a sudden, the light just took a sharp turn upwards and ascended, to the point where i couldn't see it anymore. I was speechless. All i could say was "You won't believe what i just saw" to her on the phone. I went inside and told my parents about it, but it was gone. I sticked outside a little more, but unfortunatly i could not see anything else out of the ordinary on that night. I wasn't able to take pictures with my phone, since it was all really quick.
I couldn't make any details of the object, other than that it glowed white with a steady, white light, no blinking nor fading. It was quite far away, fairly high, and it seemed to come from a rural area on the outskirts of the city. It was keeping a steady trajectory and was pretty fast. The curve and ascendance where even faster, unreal for any plane or helicopter.
I didn't experience missing time, nor any strange events. The call i was having with my girlfriend didn't get any static or malfunctions. 
I was pretty excited at the time. I told my family and friends, most didn't believe me, but i didn't care, because i saw it with my own eyes. There where no news on tv or the internet of sightings on the area at that time, but since i was narrating it all to my girlfriend, there was no doubt, at least for me.
