{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-02-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492143","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67407","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/143/mufon-5492143.json","updb_database_id":5492143}
{jpg} Landed on the water with out making a wake, looked like a huge bubble, same colours as a bubble.

Had just left work, went home fed my cats and headed into the hospital to see my husband. Drove in Front road along the shore line of Lake Ontario. I noticed something shiny and bright to my right. It looked like a bubble, sort of see through but not, same colours as a bubble but metallic. It landed on the water but did not make a wake, the water was still, the orb took off very quickly along the pier, but there was nothing in the water to show that some thing was going through the water. 
The pier is very well lit and you can see that it was still light out, what happening. A year earlier I had been followed in town along a street, I was getting off of a night shift, I was driving my bus back to the yard. It was around 3:45 am, it was a still warm summer night. I had my window open and I heard nothing, but I noticed that there was a light following me down the street. I could see nothing over me, and I could hear nothing. I stopped the bus and got out, there was nothing any where around me but the light was still there. I got back into the bus and headed as fast as I could back to the yard. When I turned off of Division Street it continued down the street, silent and not seeing anything/
Then if we go back all of my life I have feared that some one was watching me and following me. I can remember when I was 10 years old I was in my bedroom with my next door neighbour, she was staying the night at my house. When all of a sudden my hair stood on end, my stomach felt terrible, I was terrified but didn't know why, then my room filled with thousands of little lights. No one I knew had a mirrored ball, I don't think they had them back then. We did not know where the light was coming from as we did not have a light on. I don't remember what happened that night, but I know we were not sleepy, and didn't want to go to bed, but after the lights, the next thing I remember is that we were out in the back yard. The doors were locked, and my window was closed with a screen over the window. The window were on an old war time house, where the windows were change each fall and each spring, they were not a window that even together we could not have lifted them off and gone out and put them back on. We went next door as we were wet and very cold and were afraid to tell my parents. I just get glimpse of that once in a while, I find it scary to remember the visits. My be I'm crazy, and it is just a dream? How do I know what I know?
