{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-08 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517111","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2721,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/111/mufon-5517111.json","updb_database_id":5517111}
This star like object happened to me a third time.

Now that someone else has come forward and seen the same star like object that my room mate and I have been seeing I don't feel as creepy as I did after seeing it a third time, which is why I am just submitting this now, after the third time I really felt like I was being watched :/ and that made me not want to report it, so it is comforting to know that I am not alone with my sceptical room mate LOL. Three nights in a row, that has never happened to me before. So here is my third story. 

It was between the hours of 3am and 4am and I could not sleep so I went out side for a smoke, I was sitting on the steps at first was not even thinking of UFO's or sky gazing, but after 30 seconds I decided to stand up and I stood for the rest of my cigarette felt like that took at least 3-4 minutes then I just stood there relaxing in the nice cool breeze still not thinking about UFO's, after about 2-3 minutes the same star like object as the previous nights just appeared randomly above the right side of the sky above the back yard 2 houses down from mine, I would say a little closer then the other two and a little brighter, also seemed to be more hovering over the alley way and not above the houses. It hovered over towards my yard, and the creepy part is that It seemed to slow right down as it got above my next door neighbours yard as if it began to notice I was standing outside. That made me panic so I yelled inside at my room mate to come look, He seemed to take forever to come up, but this object was just so slow that he made it out in time to see it, I ran for my camera after he came out but when I came back it was really dim and changed its path and was now heading towards taylor street instead of down 7th street, nothing showed up on my camera. Next few nights I was on a mission to catch it on camera finally, I even left my camera in the kitchen, but nothing, it never came back. 

I would like to mention also, that these star like objects are not new to me, I have seen them over the years in my home town, but never above Saskatoon. So strange!!!
