{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502111","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2789,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/111/mufon-5502111.json","updb_database_id":5502111}
{dr}Observed bright light south. Light dissipated then small light shot upwards. Disc/orb moved from small light to larger size and passed overhead.

I was on the balcony of my apartment at just after midnight. The weather was clear and, along with the other air traffic in the PBI area I observed what appeared to be an incandescent, (vs LED or white), extremely bright orange light to the south approximately heading 170 degrees, (as per my cellphone compass). I waited for what I assumed was an airplane to pass by and looked up occasionally to watch it's progress. I am not one hundred percent sure of the time it was there in that form, but it must have been at least a minute. Looking back up at the light it appeared to extinguish and a small, very dim light appeared to climb in altitude from the location of the bright light. While very dim, it was possible to see it the entire time as it seemed to climb from my perspective. It then slowed and appeared to move laterally in my direction. As it got closer its shape became what looked to me to be a that of a disc. I did not see any flatness to the object from its approach to it passing directly overhead as I watched the entire time. It was silent and seemed to emit a soft orange glow as if heated. There was a darker spot in the center. There were no lights beside the glow and no discernible markings. I was unable to see it once it had passed overhead due to the building structure. It moved on a straight path at what seemed a consistent altitude. It's speed could be compared to an airliner in the terminal environment on approach, i.e. it wasn't in a hurry.

I am an ATP rated pilot with over 30 years experience flying in the NYC area. I have had to judge lights and distances of all types of flying machines and know the difference between an airplane, helicopter, internally illuminated airship, hot air balloon, etc. The actual size of the object was difficult to discern as its altitude was unknown. While it wasn't low in my opinion, (low being one to two thousand feet), had it been just above that it would have been comparable to a large airplane. If it was outside the atmosphere, it would have been tremendous.
