{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489850","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3837,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/850/mufon-5489850.json","updb_database_id":5489850}
Unexplained activity over Stoney Creek/Hamilton Ontario. Massive UFO sighting

Unexplained activity over Stoney Creek/Hamilton Ontario. Over two occasions I have witnessed strange lights happening throughout the month of August 2015. In particular on the night of August 22, 2015 around 8:00pm I was walking the dog when I noticed two strange lights glowing in the sky coming towards my direction. At first I dismissed the lights as planes but once the lights got closer it grabbed my attention as something else. As I stopped walking to observe the lights, coincidently the lights stopped moving as well. Once I begin walking towards the lights they started to move away in the opposite direction from me and slowly began to fade until it eventually disappeared. I continued my walk and minutes later both lights reappeared out of nowhere and once again the two lights were at a standstill hovering in the sky. 

When I reached the school park a group of teenagers were there but unaware of what was happening in the sky. I approached the kids and brought there attention to the lights in the sky to at which point we were all observing the lights together. I then decided to quickly walk back home to drop the dog off and got into my vehicle and headed up the escarpment to get a broader view of the city and to see if I could catch the lights and where they were heading. 

It didn't take me long to find the lights as they appeared everywhere (20-30 orbs of lights now at my eye level) in the northwest direction over the Stoney Creek and Hamilton skyline. At the initial first viewing upon heading up the mountain the lights were together in a cluster hovering in the sky, not moving and what I would describe as looking like frozen fireflies until they all started to move around making all sorts of shapes and patterns in the sky. At times there were approximately 20-30 lights then it decreased to around 10 lights. At one point only three lights were visible forming into a triangle. The lights would then all reappear and at one point formed into what looked like the DNA structure. 

It appeared as if the lights were trying to tell a story and communicate by patterns and shapes. At one point it felt as if the lights were trying to send me a direct message. 

The lights were continuously disappearing/reappearing and reforming shapes for about a half an hour with me getting in and out of the car multiple times due to anxiety and excitement. At another point I observed three additional orbs of lights rising simultaneously from behind the houses/horizon (roughly around Hamilton Harbour) and joined the other lights. The lights eventually all disappeared quickly except for one which faded away slowly.   

While this was all happening, I tried phoning family and friends but was having difficulty holding onto a connection to having no signal at all.    

A couple of days before the event I had a overwhelming feeling inside of me of some sort of presence that would make itself aware to me.
