{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-15 11:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283850","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119581","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5140,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/850/mufon-5283850.json","updb_database_id":5283850}
2 images, 1st emerging from circle 2nd emerged with circle behind

These initial four images were taken September 15, 2014, just before noon.

I had taken 4 pix as rapidly as a manual shutter button would permit. I was attempting photograph crows swarming but the flock of a hundred crows or more was moving very fast and this first shot only show about 25 birds. The flock was headed for the roof line of my residence so there was not much time to shoot.

In this 2nd image, I only captured 3 birds

As you can see, By the 3rd image below…the birds were past the roof line. 

I did not view or even download to my laptop until a month later. I was telling a relative about the shoot because the crows were flocking to dive after Black Wooly Bear caterpillars that also swarm in June and again September every year. Sounds silly, but she’s a city girl from back East and had never heard of such a thing.

All of the photos were taken with a Nikon CoolPix L830, point and shoot camera. It does not have an auto-shutter feature, thus I was shooting manually, but as fast as I could because the flock was moving toward the roof line and I’d lose my target soon.

In that same 3rd image, you can a faint something in a circle of some kind and there are other faint circles visible with no apparent object in them…
In the 4th image, the object is slightly higher in the sky (relative to the 3rd image) judging from its relative position to the roof line and is now larger & far brighter than the circle. All but the other circles are no longer visible; and another fuzzy something appears near the center of the image to the right and slightly below the glowing stick shaped object.

I recently saw a discussion about StarLink being visible at night. But this was taken at high noon day light and nearly seven years before Starlink satellites were hoisted up into orbit.

Questions:
·    So what is this? I suspect it is man-made and it is glowing because the sun is reflecting off of it; but I don’t know either for sure..

·    The Location and distance was different in the 3rd shot from the 4th shot. Why could it have been moving toward earth so fast? The images were taken with a manually operated shutter, so there was a second or so between each one.

·    What were the other circles? Initially, I thought they were dust particles on the lens, but appear in the 3rd image…not the 1st, 2nd or 4th (or so i thought).

·    Where did they go? 

·    Why one appears in the 4th image.

·    What is the other fuzzy thing in the center of the 4th image

I have a program called photoscape on my laptop that allows me to enhance photos minimally…increasing the contrast 200% the 3rd image produced 7 objects
When I enhanced the 4th image, it got crazy:
  Increased contrast 100% - 3 objects 
  Then increased contrast another 100% -still 3 objects )Note that in the partially round whatever at top center…there is ANOTHER STICK VISIBLE INSIDE THE CIRCLE!)
  next i changed the light threshold; as you can see, more objects appeared…maybe 6 now
  Then I reversed the color image (darks are light and lights are dark)...different, but not much change
  Then I increased the luminescence and started counting.
  The Last is the annotated version of increasing luminescence there were 16 object and i probably missed one or two.

Pretty sure it is not STARLINK. Do you you have any ideas?
