{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-23 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505850","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52987","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/850/mufon-5505850.json","updb_database_id":5505850}
{nd} Flashing yellow-red-orange object appeared to be spherical and not moving right. It would back up in path then go forward. Appeared and disappeared at beginning and end of sighting.

I had to work late where I cleaned a salon in Madison Park. As I walked to the Metro bus stop, I noticed it was a clear night, so I wanted to do a little star-gazing at the bus stop. You know how one shades the eyes on a sunny day to get a better look at something? Well, I did something similar with my forearm and hand to block out a bit of street light. I identified Orion in the south riding high and The Pleiades was to the northwest. Mildly satisfied with the view, I dropped my arm and looked to my left and saw there was another person waiting for the bus, too. I went back to my stargazing, but thats when I saw the brilliant yellowish light alternating to reddish-orange coming from the south at what seemed to be fairly low altitude. I said to the other person as I pointed at the object, "look, look! Whats that?!" I had the presence of mind to take a 14 second video clip. All the while, the other witness and I debated what it could be: not an airplane or helocopter, not a metorite or cometary fragment, or any other space debris. There was no terrestrial running lights and no ionization trail. I suspected it was a UFO as soon as I saw it. The object didn't fly like anything Id ever seen. I call it zipping along, the abrupt changing of directions. When I saw it, I had a mixture of fear and excitement because I actually saw something that I couldnt explain in the sky. I think about the event everyday, wondering what it was. I do not believe in UFOS because Ive seen one!
Lost sight of the object because it either zipped away at an incredible speed or it vanished. Vanished more like it because it tended to dim to almost invisible at one point. I want to know more about what I witnessed. My outlook has changed quite alot since that night: not much bothers me anymore after witnessing a UFO. Although, sometimes now I feel a lot of anxiety when I go outside and Im constantly watching the sky.
