{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-07 23:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500850","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/850/mufon-5500850.json","updb_database_id":5500850}
{rjl} A UFO got real close and personal with me, one night.

So some friends and I were hanging out outside of her condo a few days ago, we were just hanging out as friends do, we had been swimming, listened to some records, cooked some food, and now we were out for a walk. It was night time, the moon was out and bright, and the three of us were laying on the ground and smoking a cigarette. 

Out in the distance we saw what looked like it was an airplane initially. But it was flying really really low to the ground. It had 3 lights on it, two red ones on the outter parts of it and one blue one in the center. The plane looked like it was really close to the ground, and I got off the ground cause it seemed like it looked strange to me. The sound of the plane seemed like it was displaced, like the sound was moving slower than it was, if that makes any sense, as if it were displaced from the object...

As I stepped off of the grass and onto the pavement of the parking lot, the object stopped looking like an airplane and looked like three triangles connected to one another. One was stacked on the other two...it looked something like a tri-force emblem from the "Legend of Zelda" game series. Each individual triangle had individual lights in them, and they gave off a gold colored light. When the object stopped looking like a plane the sound of it disappeared as well. And it changed direction and started coming towards me. 

It got very close to the ground maybe fifty feet up or so, it looked like it was getting smaller as it got closer to the ground? I know that doesn't make much sense, but this is what I saw. It hovered above me for a bit, while I looked up at it. It was really strange, while I was looking at it, it seemed almost like it was close enough for me to touch it...It seemed like it was in my face even. But it still was about fifty feet up in the air. 

Then it flew in a circle above me a few times, and then ascended back and disappeared just as suddenly as it appeared. The thing about it, was like I followed it with my eyes when it appeared and when it left, but the moment it arrived and left were seemless. there was no sudden entrance or exit. Like and Olympic diving jumping into a pool and not causing a single ripple. That's kinda what I think about it when I replay it in my head.

I was there with 2 other people and they saw this whole thing.

I have to say I'm totally freaked out. I'm going to go back out again and see if i can see it again.
