{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-01-19 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486850","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2891,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/850/mufon-5486850.json","updb_database_id":5486850}
attempted abduction

I was asleep when I suddenly awoke on hearing door open(hypervigilint). My body was paralyzed, but I could move my head slightly to see my closet door slowly open. Once open I saw a small dot of light that spread horizontal then vertically to take the shape of rectangle asit formed was like looking at stars then turned white. Then two dark energy bipedal figures looked out at me and around room , after a second or so they came through and grabbed me and tried to pull me to the entrance that opened. I mustered all my mental strength and with a burst of energy I was able to pull away from their grip and screamed.They fled back through the portal and it turned back to stary appearance then closed opposite as it open to small speck then disappeared. I got up and checked the closet door as it was left slightly ajar. The door was completely closed before event. My wife then girlfriend was unable to be woken up for some time after event. I have experienced many occurances throughout my life. And as a child i had been impressed with idea to train my mind while sleeping. These creatures were different than those I have interacted with. I have had my neurology tested and was found I have an increased electrical function. I often see dancing stars that move in zigzag movements, usually 3 at a time. On rare occasions I have ,what I can only explain as ,piggybacked on another's thoughts. Limited sight no hearing or speak but impressions of communication that last from a few moments to a couple minutes that always end in a gray type entity looking at my direction with impression imprinted about realization of what I was doing then it stops and I no longer connected. As in my other reporting I have time traveled many times and believe it is assisted by other entity's. Often my sightings and thought piggybacking happens before events like communication disturbances, earthquakes like the BC north coast 7+ ,Russian metor.also when I am in a certain physiology or I am in jeopardy of harm I experience the time travel the most. U can not count how many times it has happened as too numerous, but when connected in thought piggybacking I never feel fear, but empathy. The couple occasions I have encountered the dark energy entity's I always feel extream fear.
