{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490850","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68726","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4284,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/850/mufon-5490850.json","updb_database_id":5490850}
UFO seemed to be resting on the rooftop of the apartment across the street. It ascended up to my window height (5 storey building) and came towards my window and hovered outside of my window. It then proceeded to gently travel east along the street.

I had recently moved into a 5-storey building, occupying the top floor. Listening to the radio while unpacking at night, my radio started to malfunction. As I turned towards the radio, I noticed a glowing light outside (I had no window curtains yet installed on the windows). I put on my glasses, and walked towards the window. The window was almost completely floor to ceiling, with a large picture window in the centre, and two large casement windows on each side that I could open.

I saw a silver-coloured oval object appearing to rest on the rooftop of the smaller apartment building across the street. This apartment building was perhaps 3-storeys tall. The object was oval with a dome on top. There appeared to be opaque windows in the centre that were spinning.

Within seconds of standing at the window looking down on the object, it started to rise up to my window level in height and then move towards my window and hover over the road right in front of me. It had blue/red lights underneath I think because these colours were near its bottom. 

I was in shock and at the same time fascinated by what I was seeing. The object had a smooth metallic surface, no rivets, bolts, screws or anything holding the metal together was visible. It was silver/grey in colour, not dull but not shiny either. The "windows" I call the row of white lights in the middle, under the dome were spinning. I looked at the windows carefully and then I looked away to see if my eyes would be affected similar to when you look at a light bulb. No affect on my eyes. I tried to see if anyone was inside, even opening my casement window and looking out. The window was opaque. The object made absolutely no noise. It was about 12 feet from me and large enough to stand up inside - perhaps 7-10' in height and 30' long. I remember saying out loud, you are a beautiful machine. 

All of a sudden I became frightened thinking it would take me away. I closed the window and was kneeling down and continued to look out the window. It was in no rush to leave and continued hovering in front of my window. I remember saying out loud, "do not take me please. If you do, my fianc1 and family will not know what happened to me. Who are you and why are you here?"

It continued to hover for another few minutes and then slowly moved away from my window, over Kingston Road, and gently and gracefully moved east. 

I re-opened my window again and said out loud, "be careful of the street-car lines". The craft was very close to the streetcar electrical wires and I was worried it was going to crash into the lines. It was gently maneuvering around the electrical lines to my amazement. 

The total time I was seeing the object was perhaps 10 minutes. I immediately called and woke up my mother who lived just east of me. She went outside but did not see anything. I then called my fianc1 who did not believe me. My mother later told my siblings and I faced some ridicule, especially from my brother so I decided not to officially report the event. It has haunted me all these years and I have felt very guilty for not reporting the event because I know it was real and perhaps it could of helped someone else who had also seen the object verify their account. After all these years, I am now reporting the event but do not want my name to be used please.
