Case No. 1821 05102022

Date: October 3, 2022.

Approximate Time: 20:30 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Spring.

Witnesses: R. B. C. and P. A. B.

Description: On Wednesday, October 5, 2022, the SEFAA (Spanish: Servicio de Fomento Aeronáutico y Espacial, Air and Space Promotion Service) received, through its web platform, a report of the observation of an allegedly anomalous aerial phenomenon that was recorded with a smartphone camera on Monday, October 3, 2022, around 20:30, in the Curauma sector, in Placilla, Valparaíso, in the same-named region.
What was reported was described as a white, circular object, between 6 and 20 meters in size, seen for more than a minute by two people. The phenomenon appeared from the west and disappeared towards the northwest.

"The object was hovering in the air and then descended towards Laguna Curauma, which it completely illuminated, after that it rose again... that's when recording begins, it hovers again towards the west and then flies off towards the northwest," the informant wrote in their report.
The user uploaded a video file in MP4 format named
“WhatsApp Video 2022-10-03 at 21.17.14.mp4”.

On October 6, 2022, SEFAA wrote to the informant requesting the original file
and asking if he or another person had taken the video. The same day, he
responded that a friend of his had taken the video and identified her and shared
her phone number the next day. He also stated that she had shared the original
file with SEFAA through the WeTransfer application, which did happen.
On Friday, October 7, 2022, SEFAA contacted the woman who recorded the video, who confirmed approximately the location and circumstances under which the recording was made.
On Tuesday, October 11, 2022, SEFAA spoke with the person who recorded the video over the phone, providing more details.

The location from which the phenomenon was witnessed and recorded was georeferenced.
Reported in a condominium in the Curauma sector, in Placilla, Valparaíso, in the same-named region, near the "Embalse de la Luz" or "Laguna de la".
"Light" (Figure 1)

Figure 1. The red dot indicates the location from where the reported phenomenon was seen and recorded.

The mp4 video sent by the user to support their testimony
It was recorded with a Galaxy A52s 5G smartphone. The file weighs 33.5 MB and lasts 16 seconds. Its 496 frames were extracted and studied from the video. The video shows a white light sphere, static at not much height and
Apparently at a certain distance. In the vicinity, houses can be seen.
At 11 seconds, and coincidentally as the camera zooms in, the light sphere accelerates and begins to move to the right, leaving a trail and disappearing behind the houses of the sector where the user recorded, which is a residential condominium.

The next Figure 2 combines frames 3, 337 (both with the static object), 347, 365, 390, 412, and 421 (when the object starts to move, it moves and eventually disappears behind the sector's homes).
Figure 2. Some frames from the footage showing first the static object and then, accelerating and moving to the right, until it disappears from view behind the houses in the sector.

Contact was made with personnel at Rodelillo Airport to inquire about possible drone flights in the area on the reported date. The airport manager said he was not aware of anything similar, but a long-term staff member stated he had seen drones flying overhead in the vicinity.
specifically in Lake Peñuelas.

Contact was made with the Valparaíso Yacht Club, one of whose branches operates in Laguna de la Luz, and with the Esval company, responsible for the reservoir, to request information about possible drone overflights, with no response as of the date of this report.

On October 25, 2022, a phone call was made to Carabineros de Placilla to inquire about the possibility of drone flights. The official who answered the call stated that they sometimes use such devices, but that
On Monday at 20:30 hours it was not a time that they use those
devices
Air traffic was studied for that day, time, and location, without finding any flights that
They have passed through that area.
The opinion of an Air Operations Inspector was consulted.
Operational Security Department of the DGAC and the Head of the Section of
Synthetic trainers from the Licenses Subdepartment of the DSO, who
They are external advisors to the SEFAA.
They also resorted to an Air Traffic Controller who is equally one
From the external advisors of SEFAA to determine if the reported and videograved phenomenon was captured by the radar.

On October 19th, the first specialist consulted wrote back to SEFAA to provide his opinion. He wrote that "although RPAS have positioning lights (usually green and red), this is not the case."

He added that "the rapid movement that moves it to the right of the observer, would not correspond to a remotely piloted aircraft (RPAS), moreover, these..."
They do not leave a trail of light like the apparatus observed. For these reasons,
I consider that what was observed does not correspond to a remotely piloted aircraft
(RPAS).

For his part, in a response sent on the same day, the second expert consulted stated
that "the acceleration of the object, although very fast, is perfectly achievable by
a drone like those that exist today. The current speed record approaches 300
km/h with very rapid accelerations for these vehicles."
He added that "the brightness coming from the object located between the horizon and the sighting point, clearly belongs to it, which is also characteristic of some drones used for events, advertising, or other purposes. For the aforementioned reasons (...) what was observed by the observers corresponds to a remotely operated vehicle."

Meanwhile, on October 25, 2022, the Air Traffic Controller consulted responded that "no aircraft is observed on the radar in the area."
"In the vicinity of the report area" for the date and time of the sighting.

Images: As support for the report, a video in mp4 format was received.

Conclusion: Based on the analysis of the testimony, the results of the geographical, forensic, and photographic studies, and the opinions provided by the external consultants consulted, it was determined that it is likely that what was reported corresponded to a remotely piloted aircraft (RPAS), commonly known as a "drone".
It was not possible to determine beyond a reasonable doubt the origin of that vehicle, its brand, model, or operator, and there was no unanimity in the opinion of the specialists consulted.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Probably Explained."
