{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-08-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484735","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75071","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/735/mufon-5484735.json","updb_database_id":5484735}
{nd} more than one, 8 hrs. missing time. must tell my story

in aug of 92 while driving back from a relative of my wife in ridgecrest ca. on a highway between Edwards air force base and chinalake naval base. I pulled the car off the road to pee. the wife and I both got out of the car. with 3 small children asleep in the rear seat. we looked up and seen what we thought were stars, drop out of the sky and down in the valley where we were located. the objects were all around us, I was watching objects right off the ground coming right at us from cross the valley (no sound)get less than a half mile from our position then the lights would go out. seen objects making moves in the sky that were impossible for a plane or heli. g-forces alone would kill a normal human. would catch out of the corner of my eye a dull orange orb, when I would turn my head to look at it. it would just as quick duck below brush or a large mound of ground. very close to where we were parked. at one point lost contact with wife, turned around. she was standing in the highway looking at me. she said (don't worry they wont hurt us) that was not her talking. then looking past her on the other side of the road, is when I saw it. in the dark with no lights on, hovering just above the ground (no sound) right out of a black and white sci fi movie disc shaped ufo. as I stood there looking at it, I could not raise my hand and point fast enough to say. look at that, in the blink of an eye. it shot off along side of the highway. it was 11pm when I pulled over, next thing we knew it was 8am in the morning. almost in a daze, we both got back in the car. as I got back in the car, I noticed that the children were in the same position they were in when I got out of the car. the experience has had a profound effect on my life. something one just cant forget about, not sure if I really want to know what happened during the hours I cant recall or remember. it took place many years ago, but I feel it is time to tell my story.....cant remember the county
