{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488735","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70904","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/735/mufon-5488735.json","updb_database_id":5488735}
{jpg} My 2 sons were talking about UFOs at a party, took a picture.

MY girlfriend, my two sons 6 and 11 years old and I were at a friend's birthday BBQ. My boys were the only kids there so they were off kinda doing their own thing while the adults all drank some beers and chatted. I'd have to say it was around 2030-2100 that I overheard them talking about UFOs and playing with my Toby's (he's the 11 year old) phone and looking off to the east of the yard just above a tree line. I figured they were playing and paid it little mind. 

About 5 mins later, Toby asked me where he could plug his phone in to look at a picture. We weren't really that familiar with the hosts, so I was hesitant to go looking around for outlets and asked him what picture. He immediately showed me and said that he and his brother just watched a UFO. They said it hovered just above a tree in the neighbor's yard and then shot out of sight right after he took the picture. 

I humored them and did the dad thing, like "OH... yeah? very cool! let me see?" 

When he showed me the picture I immediately changed my tone. I asked him to show me exactly where he was standing and where he was pointing his phone when he took this picture. The area he was pointing it had now street lights in the field of view and I could faintly make out the exact arc of the tree giving a point of reference. You'll notice to the right an arc coming down from the top right corner of the image to about 1/3 of the way across the bottom- this perfectly corresponds with the tree line as seen from the back yard of the host. 

I showed it to some friends at the party and they all kind of dismissed it since it was in fact a party and they had more important discussions and drinking to attend to. 

No one else witnessed this. No one heard anything. As far as I know no one else experienced anything out of the ordinary. 

My boys were excited, and they are very honest with me, objective and always well-behaved. I have no reason to believe they were doing anything but honestly watching a UFO. and the picture, with it's shape and where the image was located... that all gave me chills.

I have no clue what it is, my son took it on his phone. The phone is a Samsung galaxy 4 mini. He text me the pic after he took it so I can't account for any resolution loss or image changes in that process. I have no problem allowing access to that phone for the original pic if need be, as long as he gets his phone back in tact. 

Thanks for your time, hopefully this will be fun!
