{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-09 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508735","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49721","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/735/mufon-5508735.json","updb_database_id":5508735}
{kt}Orbs off Outer Banks NC

Sitting on beach at night with family at Kill Devil Hills, NC. Noticed an orange light appearing south of our location, but over the ocean. We figured it was an airplane traveling up the coast; however, its lights did not blink. The light was traveling northward for a minute or two then disappeared still south of our location. A few minutes later another orange light appeared exactly where the first had started and traveled the exact path -disappearing at the same location. This pattern continued a couple more times. Then a second orb appeared according to the same pattern, except it appeared before the first one disappeared; so, two orbs were now in the sky. They repeated this pattern: orb appearing, traveling up the coast, another orb appearing at the same starting point before the first disappeared, second orb would travel up, then another orb was appear before its predecessor disappeared. Then it stopped after about three cycles of this pattern.

About half an hour or so later, a bright orb appeared out over the ocean directly perpendicular to the Kill Devil Hills area. It traveled slowly northward, parallel to the beach, slowed down, and disappeared. I have no idea how far out over the ocean it was. We concluded that it could not be an airplane because we saw airplanes with their blinking lights in other areas of the sky. A helicopter also flew northward over the area (over land) maybe about five hundred feet altitude -it was noisy. Unlike planes and the helicopter, the orbs never blinked and made absolutely no sound.

Two military jets also flew in formation over the area at a high altitude (going to guess a couple thousand feet). They were flying from north to south, parallel to the beach.

Finally, we saw another orb north of our location. It suddenly appeared and was very, very bright orange. Its light reflected off the ocean waters. It slowly traveled farther out over the ocean and disappeared. A few minutes later, another orb did the exact same thing -mimicking the path of its predecessor.

The whole event started around 9:30 and lasted a couple of hours. No other orbs were seen after midnight, and we left the beach.

My family was with me. The orbs were witnessed by my parents, my sister, and me -four people.

We were in awe and very confused about what we were witnessing. I have always heard of "orbs" but never witnessed anything like this before. It was an incredible experience.

The next day while traveling through Virginia (near West Point), my mother mentioned the lights at a gas station with a gentleman who was talking about military stuff. He said the orbs are Navy Seals practicing out over the ocean, and the lights were stealth helicopters. He seemed to know what he was talking about. However, Ive read how these orbs have been around for a while -even seen in the mountains. So... Im not sure what to believe.
