{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-31 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505735","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53108","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2883,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/735/mufon-5505735.json","updb_database_id":5505735}
{rjl} Fireball coming from east - moving westerly - gradually disappeared

Its New Years eve ( last night ) at around 23:15 EST and Im spending a quiet evening at home with my wife. She was asleep on the couch and I was watching TV from my recliner. Our dog was huddled next to my wife on the couch obviously not liking the sound of fireworks in the distance. Rather bored, I decided step out to the back patio for a cigarette. I opened the screen door as I always do to flick my ashes onto the lawn. I could hear the muffled explosions of fireworks off in the distance but saw no aerial displays as I did on Independence Day. About half way through my cigarette I heard a helicopter approaching from the south. I leaned forward and looked up. Sure enough, it was a helicopter flying overhead in a south to north direction. Nothing unusual. There is a small municipal airport in the town just north of me and it was heading in that direction. I see many aircraft coming and going on any given day or night. It was a minute or so later that I noticed something unusual in the sky approaching from the east. At this point I stepped out onto my lawn to get a better look. The object had an orange, fire like glow and was flying below cloud level in an east to westerly direction. The weather on this evening was heavily overcast with low clouds but no rain. I was amazed as it passed over me slightly to the south at a steady speed of maybe 100 - 110 knots. No unusual maneuvers were observed, the object stayed on a straight and steady course. It had none of the strobe lights that Im accustomed to seeing on a planes wing tips and tail, and no bright white landing light(s) were visible. The bright orange-reddish glow of the object was beautiful. It also emitted a short flickering flame from the tail. I lost sight of it as it passed to the west due to my roof obstructing my view. At this point I ran to the front of my house and watched it once again as it slowly disappeared into the western sky, still maintaining a steady height, speed, and course. There was never any sound. No prop noise, no jet exhaust noise. Dead silence. I am a retired U.S.A.F. security policeman and Vietnam veteran. I have seen many different types of aircraft in my life time, but never anything like this.
