{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-07-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471735","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/735/mufon-5471735.json","updb_database_id":5471735}
{cak} Backpacking w girlfriend. No drugs, both saw object come overhead slowly then zoom off extremely fast

During the summer of 1970 I experienced a UFO sighting while backpacking with my girlfriend in the Yosemite California area. My girlfriend and I left Yosemite Valley heading for Tuolumne Meadows on a 4-day backpacking trip. We departed from the East end of the Valley near Mirror Lake and headed toward Hidden Lake. 
It was our second day out I think, and we made camp next to a stream. There was a meadow about 60 yards in diameter to the West, so we decided to sleep in the middle of it. We took our sleeping bags out there and put our ground cloths down and saw the sky framed by the tops of the trees. We were at an elevation of approximately 8,000 feet. It was summer time late July or early August. We had not seen any other people on the trail for over a day and as far as we knew there were no people within miles of us.
As we were watching the sky, suddenly, a large object came over the top of the trees from the west. It glowed from within but not like a balloon. It made no noise as it moved into our field of vision and eventually was directly overhead, we were standing looking at it and talking to each other in disbelief. On the bottom of the craft it had 3 lights and each one rotated in a small circle.  They were positioned close to the outside edge and in an equilateral triangle configuration. I can only guess at the size of the object, but my guess would be 300 feet in diameter and 1500 feet high. I remembered the color of lights at one time but only know the lights were red, blue and yellow now as a guess. 
I remember talking with my girlfriend to confirm she was seeing the same thing and she was. I clearly remember the feeling that this was a very unique experience and was excited. At the time I had no awareness of flying saucers or UFO1s. I was 19 years old at the time. The craft then zoomed at a very high rate of speed, several miles away to the east and stopped and hovered for a couple of seconds and then a beam of light came out of it toward the ground. A flash of light came up from the ground and then it took off out of our range of vision.
I remember talking to her about the experience and we were at a loss for what it could have been. The following day we encountered some other hikers and we asked them if they had seen anything unusual the night before. They hadn1t and then we recounted our experience and they were interested in our experience and one person said they had seen a blue ball of energy travelling up Yosemite Valley one time from Vernal toward Nevada Falls. This had occurred at another time and long before our encounter.
We completed our trip without any further sightings. I eventually lost touch with this person, but we did speak of it several times in the few months following.
