{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-06 19:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506735","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3717,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/735/mufon-5506735.json","updb_database_id":5506735}
{cak} Alien Contact from Pleiadians

It started with my friends and I wanting to try out something new, so we bought and tried out a device called a Shakti God Helmet. Our intention was to learn about altered states of consciousness by going into them using the device and how to better access them using the device. At first a few of my friends tried it out and said they had some interesting experiences but nothing too strange. However, one of my friends said they had met an alien being they called a "Pleibian" that resembled a human but Elf like in the ears with long hair. Just before I sent this message I also emailed my friend about the environment they were in when they were in the altered state and I was told this by my friend:



"I just remember that their attire looked robed, and was really fancy. Also, their technology was very advanced. The place I remember being in was very bright and mechanical, like a ship. I think the walls were golden, but Im not sure."



However, when I first heard the message about the "Pleibians" I didn't think too much about it as my friend has had somewhat weird stuff happen to them since high school but nothing truly provable and I didn't think too much on it back then. A couple weeks later though, we returned to Drexel University to try the experiment again (which is the place we used the device in secret both times) and my friend suddenly got this compulsion to write on a chalkboard in the room we were in. My friend started writing what looked like an alien hieroglyphic on the chalkboard while having no control over thier body and didn't respond when I talked to them. After they finished and seemed very confused as to what was going on we suspected it was likely the "Pleibians" taking control of my friends body and making them write that on the board. I took two pictures of the two sides of the chalkboard and attached it to this email from my old phone. After checking my phone the pictures were taken on: 6/6/11 at 7:17pm.



Just about a week before 10/25/2013 however, I was googling Edgar Cayce and saw an artice about an alien race called Pleiadians which reminded me of the experience my friend had of aliens with a similar name. I googled images that people had on the beings and sent an image that I found online to my friend of the alien race and was told that they were the very same race of beings that my friend saw that day in the altered state.



Realizing that this alien message could be legitimate proof of an alien encounter I decided to send this message to MUFON with the pictures of the hieroglyphs I took that day and the picture I googled with a request that someone might be able to help us find someone who could decode this message so my friends and I can know just what this all means?
