{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23044","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2409,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5546398.json","updb_database_id":5546398}
thay was three of them moving together and stoping realy fast and moving backwards and side 2 side with each over realy fast

hi my spelling not good so bear with me? i stopped in my truck to take a fatuie break. and i was looking at the stars as i always do because i always immagine wat could be out there? some time ago 1 and half years ago i sore something when i first came to aus? but to scard to say anything because it was strange'' so i kept quit. and from that time i new wat i sore so i started taking more notice as u do '' anyway back to my fatiue break i was wacthing the stars and sudunly these star like objects were moveing around realy strange so i paid more atention to them and thay was moving realy fast from side to side and up and down then like thay was interacting with each over? so i looked away wiped my eyes and thought i was seeing things because of driving my truck on nigths as i am a shift truck driver.. then looked back and they was still diong it thats when i realized wat i was seing was correct' so i quickly lit a smoke and wachted these strange lights like stars playing arond like a balay dance then i moved my eyes to the west a bit to look to se the over stars in the the friying pan shape u no looks like a dimond with a handle on ? so i looked back and thay was going crazy with each over but didint seem to go to far away from each over but then i realiezd i had to go because we get tracked bye gps on are trucks. thay would think i am hanging out ' but i did not report it to eneyone because thay would feel that i was imagerning this exsperence??? i got to go patrick i giong to work now nights ' i will probly never here from use but i would like to here from u to tell u wat i sore a year and half ago bye for now lee?????? it was so strainge''' it was western australia as well?
