{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36167","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5520398.json","updb_database_id":5520398}
Bright orange star-like orb, almost like a jelly-fish, longer at the bottom

My father and I were walking our two dogs like we do on a weekly basis. It was about 10 pm and it was not cloudy. The stars shone bright, as usual. It was not an especially cold or windy night for February. We live on a desolate street with no streetlights and a lot of trees. However, we were not anywhere near the woods when we saw a bight orange orb coming towards us. It was above some houses and trees, descending, getting closer and appearing larger. We stood still. Our dogs did not seem to notice. It moved drifted continuously nearer as we stared at it. Neither of us had a camera or phone. The bright orb seemed to hover and have control over its movements. As it got nearer, I could see it had something like tentacles with the bottom being longer in length. It was bright, but looked like it had some transparency. It did not resemble a spaceship or aircraft of any kind. It was more like a star, but was definitely not a star or meteor. In my opinion, it had the characteristics of a dandelion blowing in the wind. 
After watching it for two or three minutes, I decided to give my dog leash to my dad, and I began to run back towards the house to get a camera. As soon as I did so, the object began to ascend further away. It seemed to be moving in a straight line parallel to me, while also getting farther away and fading in color. It was gone by the time I got to our house. There were no more traces of it that night or the following night when we went on a walk at the same time. 
My father and I are amazed at the sighting. We agree it was not a plane or helicopter, but he wants to believe there is a more logical explanation. At the time, however, we were both amazed by the bright object. It was memorizing.
