{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-29 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51306","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2827,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5507398.json","updb_database_id":5507398}
{rjl}UFO moved directly toward me from horizon and quickly veered to my left and disappeared behind trees

Sunday evening, October 29, 2013 at about 7:40 PM I came up to the third floor bedroom where I sleep. This bedroom has a five foot wide window that offers an excellent view of the lower land and the night sky. Most nights I sleep with the curtains opened so I can see the sky. I planned to read before I slept. A minute or two later while arranging my pillows so I could read, I saw a light just above the horizon. The sky was solid dark gray clouds. Beneath, the trees in back of my house formed a corridor to the visible horizon. I thought the light was a star. I remembered I hadnt made a wish on a star for many years so I quoted the childhood Twinkle, twinkle little star, etc. and made a wish. After a few moments of observing the tiny light I realized it was moving toward me. At first, I thought it was a small airplane then as the light grew larger I thought it was a helicopter. As it got closer I realized it was not an aircraft. It was a UFO and unlike anything I had seen before. I was mesmerized and delighted to see it. It continued in a straight line until it was halfway between me and the horizon. Before me was a yellow and gold glowing sphere around whose edges was what appeared to be a shifting transparent energy field of red and blue. There was a gentle, comfortable energy that I could feel and I was at peace and happy. It was like meeting a friend one hadnt seen in a long time. The path of the UFO was upward from a horizon considerably lower than the top of the hill where I live. It came straight toward my house. It got more brilliant in light/energy. It began to ascend and came nearer and nearer. I had a feeling that its path was intentional and not willy nilly nor unplanned. At one point I felt that I was somehow part of it. It was getting so close I couldnt believe it. I thought happily to myself, "Its going to go right over the house!" Wrong. No sooner did I think that than it veered sharply to its right - my left - and behind treetops disappearing entirely at the edge of my window. I felt sadness temporarily and then gratitude that I had see the UFO. The event lasted about ten minutes.
